John and Kent
Copyright © 2025 by Brad A. Townsend
All rights reserved. This story or any
portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without
the express written permission of the author (Brad A. Townsend).
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters,
places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are
used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is entirely
coincidental, or also used fictitiously.
Content warning
:
This story contains adult situations,
language, and consensual sex between adult men. If said content is illegal in
your state or country, please leave now and do not continue.
About John
and Kent:
John is a
29-year-old gay OT who works with amputees. He's also a veteran who served four
years as a Navy Corpsman. Kent is a straight 28-year-old combat Marine who lost
one leg above the knee. John is assigned to help Kent adjust to his amputation
and live a normal life. John falls for Kent, who is struggling over the loss of
his limb.
Chapter One
A New Patient
John studied Kent Moore, his new patient.
Fuck he's handsome.
Kent exhibited classically handsome features
but also had a few quirks that pushed John's buttons. The most noticeable was
Kent's nose, which had been broken and not properly set, flattening the bridge.
The combination of his good looks and imperfections made him even more attractive.
Kent's body was that of a battle-hardened warrior. Even in the hospital gown,
his thick neck, powerful shoulders, and big arms were visible.
Despite his appearance, Kent's expression
still looked commanding even at rest, giving him a battle-worn air that implied
a maturity beyond his twenty-eight years. He hadn't shaved in at least a week,
if not longer, and his scruffy beard made him seem older. Kent's hair looked
oily, which annoyed John.
Kent was still sedated after his most recent
surgery—his third. Picking up the clipboard at the foot of Kent's bed, John
reviewed his records. Kent served in Afghanistan for six years. While driving a
Humvee, he ran over an IED hidden in the dirt. His left leg was shredded below
the knee and had to be amputated. Complications from infection led to two more
surgeries, and he nearly died. Kent's primary doctor, Dr. Hiner, had him on
suicide watch due to severe depression.
What remained of Kent's leg was bandaged,
and John, even though he was not a nurse, unwrapped it, cleaned the seepage,
applied a topical antibiotic and moisturizer, then rewrapped his stump.
His stump. God, what he's been through.
And to think that's the easiest part in what he's about to face.
John had served a four-year tour as a Navy
Corpsman. Because his father's health was declining at the time, John chose not
to extend his enlistment and returned to the United States. His father's
condition improved, and John used the GI Bill to attend school. He initially
aimed for a career in nursing but switched to Occupational Therapy, feeling it
was more in line with his interests. After his own deployment and witnessing
how war affects the body, John wanted to help soldiers recover from physical
impairments caused by combat.
As a gay man, it didn't hurt that John could
intimately touch the men under his care, such as bathing them, helping them
shower, shave, and holding or guiding them as they relearned how to perform
basic daily activities like walking, opening doors, or even taking a shit.
Kent had been in and out of surgery over the
past six months. His hair and beard grew longer than they should have, which
told John that his care had been inadequate. He also smelled faintly of body
odor and urine.
Lazy ass nurses.
Kent's hair was a rich auburn,
appearing a deep reddish-brown. Very muscular, his strong arms were currently
restrained. He had a thick neck, and John was sure he probably did neck bridges
from wrestling or football training. His good leg was thick, and what was left
of his other leg remained strong. Knowing Kent put so much effort into his
body, John planned to use that in his rehabilitation.
First, though, Kent had to wake up and
confront his new reality. His initial amputation was below the knee, but due to
complications, more of his leg was removed, and it now ended a few inches above
the knee. John had helped rehabilitate many amputees and was well-trained in
managing the physical and emotional challenges they faced. Even though each man
was unique and handled their loss differently, the base reactions were similar.
He's going to feel less of a man. They always
do, and I have to convince him that's not true. He's going to see himself as
unlovable and rage at the world. He's going to take it out on Dr. Hiner, me,
and the staff.
John read further down to read Kent's
surgical and military record. Smiling, he saw no indication based on Dr.
Hiner's notes that Kent would suffer performance issues.
Yay me!
John was still recovering from his last
patient, Roger, whom he had worked with for over a year, only recently sending
him back into the world feeling whole and well-adjusted. Roger also took a
large part of John's heart with him. John made the mistake of becoming too
attached and paid the price. His heart still ached over Roger, and might
forever.
I can't do that again. I don't think I
have it in me.
Kent would be difficult, though, because
something about him already pulled at John, beyond his looks and physique. He
didn't quite know what it was, but it was there, and he hadn't even woken up
yet.
Maybe it's just a rebound thing from
Roger. Or, maybe I'm hopeless.
John pulled up a chair to wait, wanting to
be present when Kent woke up. He had no family, was away from his unit, and
would feel isolated. The only faces he'd seen recently wore masks, so he
couldn't even recognize them. John knew Kent would be scared and wouldn't want
to show it. Along with his anger, he was bound to be terrified of the unknown
that faced him.
John looked up when Barbara came into the
room. She was John's best friend at the hospital, and a damn good nurse.
She whispered, "I just came on shift. How's
he doing?"
"Still asleep, but he should wake up
anytime. I don't want to make waves, but he's in terrible shape. No one's
cleaned him, and I had to change his dressing."
Sniffing, Barbara wrinkled her nose and
frowned, but said, "He resisted basic hygiene care. He got combative. Another
reason he's in restraints. This all happened while you were out of town, and I
haven't gotten to tell you yet."
John only felt a little remorse at thinking
ill of the nurses.
"Well, he's been sedated for hours. Someone
should have come in, wiped him down, and emptied his urinal."
"I think the nurses are hoping you'd do
that. You probably have the best chance of keeping him calm."
John sighed and said, "Ok. Thanks. It's good
to see you, by the way."
"How was Tybee?"
"Awesome. The beach was empty this time of
year, so it was nice."
Barbara knew about Roger, but didn't bring
him up, knowing he was the reason John took a week's vacation to try and regain
some semblance of balance.
The restraint rattled against the bed rail,
and John quickly stood to move to Kent's bedside.
"I'll leave him in your capable hands.
Holler if you need me. I'm here `til eleven."
<><>
Kent's eyes slowly opened. He was groggy, felt
sick to his stomach, and his missing leg itched. As his vision cleared, he saw
a man in scrubs standing over him, without a mask for once, looking at him.
"Kent. My name is John. How are you feeling?"
Kent mumbled, "Like shit. I think I'm going
to be sick."
John quickly grabbed a stainless steel pan
and pressed the pedal to lift Kent's back into a sitting position. He put one
arm around Kent's shoulders, pulled him forward, and held the pan in front of
him.                 Kent breathed heavily, and John knew he was fighting his impending
need to vomit.
"Let it out. You'll feel better. I know it
sucks."
Kent stayed still long enough that John
thought the urge had left him, then Kent started heaving. His stomach was
empty, and all that came up was thick, foamy bile. He heaved for nearly a
minute as his stomach attempted to expel what wasn't there.
John felt the strength in Kent's body as he
heaved. His shoulders felt like concrete under his supporting arm. Once Kent
finished dry-heaving, John set the pan down and adjusted his pillows before
letting him lie back. He noticed sweat on Kent's forehead from his exertions.
"It's an aftereffect of the anesthesia. You've
been asleep for a while, so hopefully that was the last of it."
Kent closed his eyes and lay still,
breathing deeply.
"Do you like apple juice?"
Kent glared suspiciously at John, the
stranger helping him—some type of nurse, judging by the scrubs. Kent disliked
nurses and doctors, but gave John a barely perceptible nod of affirmation, and John
said, "I'll be right back."
John returned with a Capri Sun Apple Juice
packet in just a few minutes. Holding the straw to Kent's mouth, he said, "Just
a small sip to start, so we don't shock your stomach. Apple juice is great for
taking the nasty taste out of your mouth after throwing up."
Kent took a sip, and his jaw clenched at the
tartness, but it was cold and sweet. John was right about it washing the taste
out of his mouth.
He mumbled, "Thanks."
"You're welcome. I need to let Dr. Hiner know
you're awake. He'll want to come talk to you."
Kent observed every detail about John. He
appeared to be about 5'10" with a strong build. His biceps strained the sleeves
of his scrubs. He was clean-shaven, with sandy-brown hair and blue eyes, and
carried himself with a military bearing.
Kent's leg, which was no longer there,
itched, and tears of anger and frustration welled in his eyes from his
inability to scratch it, even if his arms were free.
John came back and noticed Kent's tears.
Concerned, John asked, "Kent? What's wrong,
buddy?"
Glancing at his leg, Kent spat out, "Can't
you fucking tell?"
John responded in a way that caught Kent
completely off guard.
"If you're going to give me some vague bullshit
anger or pity rant, I can't help you. Tell me specifically, what set you off?"
Kent looked like a puppy smacked on the nose
with a rolled-up newspaper.
With clenched teeth, in an even tone, he
said, "My leg that isn't there anymore itches, and I can't scratch it. I can still
feel it."
That's called phantom pain. It will occur
periodically and may never go away, but I can try to help. There are some
techniques that work for most people. Do you trust me?
Kent sighed, and the resignation in his
voice was worrisome. Jerking the restraints to emphasize his inability to move,
he asked, "Do I have a choice?"
Not rising to the bait, John said, "I'm
going to touch your good leg in the same spot. You need to guide me."
John pulled the sheets back, exposing Kent's
good leg and his bandaged stump.
"Mid shin, a bit to the outside."
God, here we go.
John moved his hand down Kent's thickly
muscled and moderately hairy leg, maintaining a firm touch so it didn't tickle.
When he found the spot, he used his fingernails to lightly scratch the area.
"Close your eyes and try to picture my hand
scratching your other leg. It may take a minute."
It did take a minute, but Kent's eyes
widened when it stopped.
"Fuck. How did that work?"
"One day, when you're bored, I'll try to
explain. The easy explanation is, `nerve shit.'
Some of the guarded look in Kent's
expression lessened, and he sincerely said, "Thanks."
"My pleasure."
"This isn't fucking Chick-fil-A. You're
welcome is fine."
Kent's deadpan delivery and dry-witted
response caught John off guard, and he smiled and said, "You're welcome, then."
Dr. Hiner came in holding a chart, which he
set on the end of Kent's bed.
"Mr. Moore, how are you feeling?"
After a few seconds' pause, Kent glared at
him and replied, "You tell me."
The sheet was still pulled back, and he
asked, "Any phantom sensation?"
"Yeah, but John here scratched my itch."
The corner of Dr. Hiner's mouth rose in a
half smile, and he said, "Well done, John."
Running his hands softly over the dressing,
he pressed in a few spots and asked, "Do you feel this?"
"I feel your hand, but no discomfort."
"Very good. I have you on a high dose of a
strong antibiotic and something to deal with the pain. Press that button when
your leg starts to ache, and it will administer a dose. Both medications are
strong enough that they might upset your stomach."
John said, "I changed his dressing before he
woke up. There was a lot of seepage."
"Excellent. For now, it needs to be changed
every three hours. More often, if you see the need. If you see any blood, alert
me immediately."
"Yes, sir."
"I'll be back to check on you later, Mr.
Moore."
As he left the room, Dr. Hiner said, "John,
a word."
Curious, John went out into the hallway.
Dr. Hiner said, "I'm glad you're his OT. Mr.
Moore has had a tough time so far and has acted out with many of the female
nurses. I think your background makes you well-suited to work with him. I'll
give you some leeway in helping him. He's going to be a difficult case."
"Is he really on suicide watch?"
"He was at the time of his first surgery.
He's restrained now because, while under sedation, he became combative. You can
remove them now that he's awake."
"Thanks, Doctor. I think they're hurting
more than helping at this stage."
"I trust your judgement. I'll be back in a
few hours, but as I said, call me immediately if you see any blood on his
dressing. Seeping is expected, but no blood. The surgery was complicated. If
his leg doesn't respond well, we might have to remove what's left."
Dr. Hiner patted John's arm as he left.
John liked Dr. Hiner. He was his favorite
surgeon, and John knew Kent's chances were better in his care.
<><>
John went back into Kent's room, where he
lay still. His eyes were closed, but John knew he was awake. His thumb rested
on the button to administer a dose of his pain meds.
I've got to figure out how to get him out
of his headspace.
John moved to his bedside and said, "Let's
get these off," as he unbuckled the restraints. Kent rubbed at his wrists, and
John saw some redness where he had pulled at the leather cuffs. He also noted
how thick and muscular his forearms were, covered with the same auburn hair as
his head. Veins on the inside of his forearms looked like a roadmap.
"So, are you a nurse?"
"Nope."
"Then what are you?"
"While you're here, I'm your boss. Think of
me as your CO."
"Fuck that."
For the first time, John appeared angry and
said firmly, "Kent, you need to understand a few things. I'm not your enemy. My
job is to help you, and I can't do that if you're going to be a surly dick to
me and everyone else here. I know what happened to you is horrific, and it's
forever. Checking out is not an option, so you need to work with me. The sooner
you accept what's happened, the sooner you can move forward. Do you
understand?"
Kent's initial reaction was to push back,
and John saw it in his face, but he stopped and exhaled. His expression
vacillated with his churning thoughts, and John saw his eyes brighten. Kent's
breathing quickened and he started to cry.
"Fuck, man. My leg is gone, and they keep
taking more off. I don't know what to do. I want to go back, but the Marines
won't take me, not like this. There's no way."
John moved to his side and sat close. He
took a chance, put his arm around Kent's shoulders, and hugged him. He was
surprised when Kent's powerful arms grabbed him, squeezing him so hard it hurt,
and John let him cry.
In low tones, John said, "You might not be
in the Corps like you want, but you will have a life. It's my job to make sure
you're able to live that life. I'm here for you, Kent, and I'll be with you
every step of the way. I will be whatever I need to be to help you. I promise. But
I need your promise that you won't fight me at every turn. I've done this
before and helped lots of soldiers recover. Some of them way worse off than
you. I'm good at my job and know what I'm doing."
Kent cried himself out and eventually let
go. He seemed embarrassed and mumbled, "Sorry, man. I'll get my shit together."
"I said I'm here for you, Kent, whether it's
a shoulder to cry on or to kick your ass. You have nothing to apologize for.
What happened to you is tragic, but it's not the end of your life. It's just a
fork in the road and a small detour, until you get back on track."
John felt the tension lessen in Kent's
powerful frame, and then he felt his shoulders shake a little. He started to
laugh and said, "Fork in the road? What kind of cliché bullshit is that? No one
says shit like that in the real world."
Grinning, John retorted, "Fuck off, Lance
Corporal. I'll have you know the government paid good money for my degree."
"I'd say they got ripped off."
John was elated at the banter but kept his
face impassive. He knew it would be short-lived. He had seen it too many times
in the past. Kent would be on an emotional rollercoaster for a long time, but
if he could keep the highs up as much as possible, it would help.
Abruptly changing the subject, Kent asked,
"I'm hungry. Can I eat?"
"You just threw up. Letting your stomach
settle some more might be a good idea."
"I'd settle for anything."
"Ok, but something light, and only a little.
If it goes down all right, I'll get you something more substantial."
"Make it snappy."
John went to the patient's kitchen and asked
for some mixed fruit. He managed to scrounge up a banana, an apple, and some
grapes. The fruit stayed down, and Kent fell asleep again. For the time being,
Kent was John's only patient. He suspected Dr. Hiner had arranged that, but had
no proof. He got paid by the hour, and it would let him focus exclusively on
Kent, who needed him, even though he didn't realize how much.
John was scheduled to go home at 11:00 PM
and return in the morning. He quickly went home to shower, change, and prepare
a few meals for the next day, but he planned to return and sleep in Kent's room
in case he woke up and needed anything. Before leaving, he checked with the
duty nurse to reinforce Dr. Hiner's concern about blood.
<><>
John got back and put his food in the
communal fridge, then stowed everything else in his locker. Karen, the duty
nurse, mentioned, "He keeps maxing his pain meds, and his dressing is due to be
changed. Can you take care of it?"
"Yeah, I'll do it. Thanks."
As soon as John laid eyes on Kent, he knew
something was wrong. Kent was tense, sweaty, pale, and his temperature was 101.
"Kent, how long have you felt like this?"
"Fuck, it hurts, John. Only the last couple
of minutes."
"This might hurt some."
Placing his hands gently on Kent's bandaged
stump, he felt around.
Oh shit, not good!
Underneath, against the bed, he felt a lump.
Applying even minimal pressure caused a full-body reaction in Kent. Rushing to
the nurses' station, he said, "Call Dr. Hiner, but I need whoever's on duty now!
He's developed Oedema. I can feel a bulge in the distal posterior parietal area
under his dressing. The pressure's building fast, and his fever is spiking."
Kent's teeth were clenched, and he sweated
profusely. Every visible muscle in his body was tense from fighting off the
pain. The fact that Kent groaned told John how painful it must be.
In only a few minutes, Dr. Kummari rushed in
and quickly assessed the situation. Karen was with him.
"Lay him flat and roll him over."
Dr. Kummari said, "Get me a large syringe.
John, help me remove the dressing."
They worked fast. John lifted Kent's gown up
to get it out of the way, exposing his pasty white but very sculpted ass.
You're a professional, John. Put the
impure thoughts on hold.
Kent squirmed some from the pain, and his
incredible, flaccid dick and heavy balls became visible too.
Oh, God.
"Mr. Moore, this will hurt, but I must
relieve the pressure. Try to stay as still as possible. John, help hold him
down."
One of the reasons John was so good at his
job is that he performed well under pressure. When his adrenaline hit, he went
perfectly calm and saw and heard everything with extreme clarity.  He watched
Dr. Kummari stick the needle at the proper angle and draw the plunger back. A
mix of pus and blood filled the syringe, and the pressure relieved almost
immediately.
"How does that feel, Mr. Moore?"
"Better. Just tender now. The pressure's
gone."
"Excellent. John, can you reapply his
dressing?"
"Yes, Sir."
"And John... excellent work. Catching that so
quickly most likely prevented another surgery. You owe John a big favor, Mr.
Moore."
Kent appeared exhausted from the ordeal, and
his eyes still held fear.
Dr. Hiner arrived, and he and Dr. Kummari
consulted in the hallway. Karen left John and Kent alone.
"I owe you, man."
"No sweat. Let's get you rolled back over
and settled."
Once Kent was on his back again, he remained
quiet.
John gently asked, "Do you want me to get
you something to help you sleep?"
"Not yet. I'm still a bit jacked up."
Looking at Kent's hair and beard, and
smelling him, John said, "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need a bath.
Would you like me to get you cleaned up? I think you'll feel better."
"In the middle of the night?"
"You got anyplace else to be?"
"Well... no. If you don't mind."
Mind getting my hands on you? Thank you,
Jesus!
"Let me get a few things together."
John left to get a basin, sponge, shampoo,
soap, and a razor.
When he rolled in a cart, Kent looked at
everything questioningly.
"You're getting the full service tonight."
"Full service? Does it include a happy
ending?"
Without batting an eye, John said, "That
depends on you, buddy."
John started the hot water running in the
tiny bathroom.
"You need more than a sponge bath. I'll
change your sheets and gown, so don't stress about water on the bed. The
mattresses have liners."
John moved over, shut the door, and drew the
privacy curtain around the bed.
"Let's get this gown off."
Marines in general don't know the meaning of
the word modesty. From their first day in boot camp, they are often naked
around others. Kent didn't hesitate, but John said, "If it makes you feel any
better, I served six years in the Navy as a Corpsman, so you're dealing with a
fellow service member."
"I knew it from the first time you walked
in."
John crumpled the gown up and tossed it into
a chair in the corner, leaving Kent fully naked.
My God, I knew he was gorgeous, but Jesus
take the wheel.
Kent's definition was much greater than John
realized. His upper body development was incredible. His powerful chest was
covered in the same auburn hair as his head, but not overly thick. His nipples
were perfect.       The hair on his chest came together into a treasure trail
that ran down over the bumps of his sculpted abs and then expanded again when
it connected to his pubic hair. Kent had kept himself trimmed, but like his
beard, his pubic hair was growing back in.
His cut cock lay thick and heavy to one
side, and John imagined it filling out and growing to its full potential. John
was a cock connoisseur, and cocks like Kent's turned him on. Whatever doctor
circumcised him as a baby did an excellent job. The ratio of the head and the
shaft was perfect.
I can't wait to see him hard.
John felt pressure in his scrubs and had to
will himself not to get hard.
<><>
"In a month or so, you'll be able to shower
with help, but we'll have to make do for now. I can't do it today, but if you
want, I can bring in some clippers and cut your hair. Do you want to keep the
beard?"
John kept their conversation light as he rubbed
the soapy sponge all over Kent. He was mesmerized by Kent's definition and the
way his muscles danced under his skin. When he rubbed the sponge across Kent's
chest, it made his nipples harden, and he tightened his abs.
I'll come back to that detail later!
Kent moaned, "Man, this feels good. Thanks,
John. I didn't realize how grungy I was. Or uptight."
"All part of the friendly service."
John spent more time than he should have
washing Kent, running his hands over his strong arms and shoulders. When he got
to his groin, he had Kent lean back and spread his thighs so he could get under
his balls and around his cock. He rolled Kent over and washed his ass
thoroughly as well.
When Kent rolled back over, John immediately
saw that he was more than a little chubbed.
Damn, he's bigger than I thought. He's
got to be at least seven and a half inches, and I bet my fingers won't reach
around his shaft.
Kent's face reddened in embarrassment, and
he mumbled, "Sorry."
John made light of it and said, "It happens
to the best of us, man. Nothing to worry about. Nothing neither of us hasn't
seen before."
Kent sniffed, and John saw his eyes were
bright, and he stopped immediately. He moved in front of Kent, gripped the big
balls of his shoulders, and asked, "What's wrong?"
Kent looked down and quietly said, "God,
this is all so fucked. I'm sorry, John. It just hit me that I can still get
hard. I was so fucking worried that when they took off my leg, it was going to
take that from me too."
"I was going to talk to you about that at
some point. I read through the surgical records, and Kent Jr. and the twins are
fully intact."
Kent chuckled and said, "Kent Jr. and the
twins? What the fuck?"
"That's not the proper medical term, but it
works."
"You're weird."
John picked the sponge back up and started
washing Kent's good leg.
"Man, you have incredible muscle tone. I
mean, all the guys I work with have good muscle tone, but you are way beyond
average. Your body is in another ballpark."
"Yeah, I got into lifting in Afghanistan. It
was so boring in my downtime, at first it passed the time, but I really liked
it once I started seeing results. I was athletic in high school and kept up my
PT and fitness after boot. I enjoy it."
Not as much as I do!
As John washed and squeezed Kent's leg, his
dick grew until he was fully hard.
"How long has it been?"
Kent blushed a deeper shade of red and said,
"Since before the first surgery, so a few months."
"Then I'm lucky you didn't poke my eye out."
Kent laughed for the first time and said, "Fucker."
"The door is locked and the privacy curtain
is drawn. You want me to step out and let you relieve yourself?"
"Do you mind?"
"Not at all, man. Believe me, I understand.
Hang on a sec."
John retrieved a bottle of moisturizing
lotion and handed it to Kent.
"This will help. Knock yourself out. I'll be
outside the curtain to keep watch in case anyone tries to come in. Don't worry,
I've got your back."
John stepped out to wait. His own dick was
iron hard in his scrubs, and he reached down to stroke himself. The vision of
Kent's muscular body shining from the soapy water, feeling the strength in him,
drove John to a fast and powerful orgasm of his own.
He shot on the floor and wiped up his cum
with some tissues, and waited. He heard Kent moaning and occasionally grunting,
but the longer he waited, the more it seemed like Kent sounded frustrated.
"Everything okay, Kent?"
Kent stopped and pounded a fist on the bed.
"Goddamn it!"
John pulled the curtain aside and saw Kent,
his cock covered with lotion and pulsing.
"What's wrong?"
"I can't get off. Fuck, what's wrong?"
The look on Kent's face touched John deeply.
It was a mix of frustration and fear.
Moving forward, John put his hands on Kent's
shoulders and pushed him back, forcing him to lie down. Naked and fully
exposed, with a raging hard-on, Kent was the most beautiful man John had ever
seen.
"Relax, Kent. You're too wound up. Give it a
minute."
John thought long and hard about what he was
about to do. It was incredibly risky, and the temptation almost too strong to
resist, but he had Kent's best interest at heart. Kent was his patient, and
John had a unique understanding of masculinity and military men. He was sure that
was why Dr. Hiner wanted him to take Kent under his care.
"Kent, I'm taking a huge risk here. If this
goes south, I could lose not just my job, but my career."
Kent stayed quiet, his cock throbbing. A
large drop of precum oozed out of his head and dripped down his shaft.
"What are you saying?"
"Kent, I'm gay. I would have told you
eventually, but I don't want it to cause a rift between us. You're in my care,
and we have to work together. What I'm saying is that I can help take care of
this if you'll let me, but I want you to promise it won't fuck you in the head.
You don't need any more pressure with everything going on. I just want what's
best for you, and right now you need to blow off some steam."
"Jesus. You're gay? You don't act gay."
John chuckled and said, "Thanks, I guess. I'm
out, but keep it on the down low. It's private, and I only tell people I get
close to who have opinions that matter to me."
"Does my opinion matter that much?"
"Yes, it does. I know we've only known each
other a very short time, but I see into you. I've read your medical and service
records. I have a huge amount of respect for what you do. I was a Corpsman, but
I still saw combat. In Recon, you were in more danger on a regular basis. There
were a few guys I helped out in Afghanistan."
"Helped out like this?"
"Yeah, and more, if you're open to it. I'll
prove that your dick is working perfectly fine. You're trying too hard and have
a lot of pent-up emotion preventing you from getting off. You put up a
roadblock in your head. Let me help you break that down."
Kent's eyes seemed uncertain, but his cock
was twitching with a mind of its own at the thought of getting off.
John grinned and nodded to Kent's erection,
"I learned over the years that the cock doesn't lie. You want this, and you
need it. Just promise me it won't make things weird, because we need to work
together."
John noted Kent's decision when his face
relaxed, and he nodded and said, "Okay."
It was late, and with John on duty, the
night nurse wasn't checking on Kent, trusting John would go to her if he had
any issues, so he had all the time he wanted.
Now that he had Kent's permission, a cold
ball of nervousness hit John in his stomach. He was about to touch the
magnificent stud of a man with a perfect cock. A dream of John's come to life.
Reaching out he gripped Kent's shaft firmly,
feeling its heat. It flexed involuntarily in his hand. With his thumb, he
smeared the precum over and around the head, and Kent gasped out, "Oh, fuck."
John grinned and stroked him a few times;
nice, slow, full strokes, making sure he stimulated the head. John never liked
the term `jerking off.'  To him, it should be `stroking off.' Friction brought
pleasure, and he twisted his grip at the head and base of Kent's shaft. The
squishing sound from the lotion sounded exquisite. It equated to pleasure.
Kent gripped the sheets, balling them up in
his fists. His big arms tightened, and his abs became visible when he pushed
his cock up, giving it to John. John used his years of experience in giving hand
jobs to full effect to prolong Kent's pleasure.
"I'm going to let you cum, but I want to get
you off twice. You've been without for too long, buddy. You deserve this."
Quickening his pace, he felt Kent's cock
thicken and bolt in his hand before the first spurts flew out. He aimed at
Kent's muscled, hairy chest, and the white ropes looked beautiful splayed across
his dark chest hair. Unsure if Kent would become sensitive after he came, John
rested Kent's cock against his stomach and cupped his hand, running it up and
down the shaft, still stimulating his frenulum. Every few strokes, he cupped
Kent's balls, tugging them gently to tighten the skin along his shaft and to
pull the angle of his cockhead down. A few tiny drops of cum still oozed out as
Kent's cock pulsed.
Kent lay with wide eyes, coming to grips
with the powerful orgasm that just hit him, and the fact that another man made
him cum. Kent was straight, but he had received blowjobs from guys during his
deployment. Lots of guys did, and no one thought anything about it. Straight
guys justified gay guys getting them off by saying things like "A mouth was a
mouth, and a hand was a hand," but what John did was so far above any of that
it was almost life-altering.
Continuing to softly stroke his cock, John
quietly asked him, "Are you alright?"
Kent grinned, "Fuck. Yeah."
"Okay, then, time for number two."
The second round was as much for John as it
was for Kent. He already proved to Kent that his dick worked fine, so the
self-imposed mental block was taken care of. He placed his hand on Kent's
chest, massaging his body. Making it soothing and sensual, he expanded his
touch to Kent's neck and shoulders. His other hand stroked Kent's thighs and
balls. Kent reacted slightly when John touched the thigh of his amputated leg,
but John said, "It's okay, man."
Jesus, he feels amazing. I've wanted to
touch a man with a body like this my entire life. His skin is so hot and soft
at the same time. Touching someone like him is a dream, and I need to be worthy
of his body and cock.
While John's hands worked their magic, he
leaned over and took the head of Kent's cock in his mouth, immediately tasting Kent's
cum, and it was a huge dopamine hit. Kent tasted every bit as good as John
imagined he would. He took the first few inches into his mouth, sucking and
stroking him with his lips and tongue. John was an expert cocksucker, too, and
used every trick he learned to give Kent a mind-blowing experience. He wanted
it to be the best blowjob Kent had ever received.
Touching Kent's body, feeling the heat and
strength of him under his hands while he sucked his cock was more than John
could take, and his own cock unloaded into his scrubs.
The heat and sexual tension running through Kent
made him sweat, and by the time John sucked another load out of him, he was
drenched. Glancing at the clock, John realized he had been sucking Kent for
nearly thirty minutes.
No wonder my jaw hurts!
Kent's hands moved to the back of John's
head, and he literally skull fucked him when his orgasm started, forcing his
full length down John's throat. Breathing heavily, Kent collapsed back on the
bed, exhausted.
John took Kent's full length one more time,
cleaning off the cum, and then he used a damp towel. With the additional
stimulation, Kent's cock didn't go fully soft, as if it wanted more.
To break the silence, John asked, "So how'd
I do?"
"Fucking A, John. No one's ever made me cum
like that."
"Yay me! I take pride in my work."
After a short pause, he continued, "Speaking
of work, are you really okay with what just happened?"
Kent reached over and gripped John's hand
firmly.
"This is between us. Thanks, man. Not just
for two incredible orgasms, but for caring enough to take the chance."
John felt a warmth he hadn't felt since...
Roger.
Fuck, it's happening again, but worse.
Looking down at Kent's sweat-covered body,
he chuckled, "Looks like you need another bath. And I want to wash your hair
too."
Kent sniffed and made a face, saying, "This
place smells like cum."
<><>
"John! Hey buddy! Mind on the job!"
Kent's words brought John back to himself.
Shaking his head, John looked at Kent's naked body, waiting for his sponge
bath.
"Sorry, I zoned out. Let's get started."
The entire episode was a fantasy that had played
out in John's mind.
John smiled, but felt empty inside, knowing
his fantasy could never come to pass.
Chapter Two
Signs of Progress
Kent felt better after his sponge bath. John
even managed to wash his hair, and promised to bring some clippers the next day
to trim his hair and beard. On his drive home from the hospital, John revisited
his fantasy of jerking and sucking Kent off.
The real thing would be even better.
He admonished himself for falling for
another patient. John tried to vent his frustration at the gym, pushing himself
hard. When he got home, he showered, fantasizing that Kent was under the spray
with him, and he jerked off before falling asleep.
The next morning, he did his meal prep for
the upcoming week. The hospital food sucked, and he rarely ate there if he
could avoid it. He remembered to bring his hair clippers and guards.
John was never over the top, but he always
greeted his patients with a smile and a positive attitude. He adjusted his
schedule to come in from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm, with weekends and Mondays off. His
goal was to start Kent on a series of exercises that would help make things
easier.
"Morning, Kent. How'd you sleep?"
Kent's face was impassive, and a plate of
uneaten food sat on the movable table.
"Alright, I guess. This bed isn't very comfortable.
I think I'd rather sleep on the floor."
John nodded toward the uneaten food and
said, "I see the rubbery eggs went over well. You'd think that for a hospital,
they would give you something that's actually good for you. Ingesting
microplastics and inedible food should not be an option."
Kent looked dejected and said, "I'm going to
lose so much progress. I've already lost twenty pounds since the first
surgery."
"I might have an idea. Let me run it by Dr.
Hiner first, though. I don't want to say anything until I'm sure. Before we get
started, give me a minute."
Before looking for Dr. Hiner, John went to
the employee lounge, took out his dinner, heated it in the microwave, and returned
to Kent's room.
Handing him the container and a bottle of
cold water, he said, "Hopefully, this will curb your appetite. The macros are
set for me and not you, but it's better than the nastiness on that plate."
Kent's eyes widened when he took the lid
off. It smelled delicious.
"It's standard fare – chicken, broccoli, and
rice, but I'm pretty good with seasonings. That one's a bit spicy, so I hope
that's okay."
"Dude. I don't know what to say. You don't
need to do this."
"That's where you're wrong. You need to keep
your strength up, and the shit that comes out of the kitchen here won't cut it.
While you eat, I'll see if Dr. Hiner's here yet."
John was gone for nearly half an hour but
came back with a big grin.
"So, how was it?"
"Man, after MREs and shitty eggs, that was bomb.
Thanks again. Hey, I gotta pee. When can I start using the bathroom for real? I
hate this setup."
"That's up to me. Today's goal is to run you
through some basic assessments to see where you're at. If you pass, which I'm
pretty sure you will, peeing on your own will be one of the changes."
John was glad to see a spark in Kent's eyes.
He disliked the flat look that took over his face when he thought he was alone
or no one was watching.
"First, though, I have a proposition for
you. This actually connects to the assessments in a roundabout way. Dr. Hiner
has given me permission to bring you food from outside the hospital. I do my
meal prep at home, and I can prepare yours at the same time and bring it in.
I'll store it in the employee lounge, and if I'm not here, one of the nurses
can get it for you."
"I don't want you paying for that. That's
not going to fly."
"As much as I'd love to say I can afford it,
I can't. But if you can, I'll cover the rest. We'll create a menu that aligns
with your macros. Among my many other skills, I'm practically a nutritionist
and can buy you whatever you like. I don't mean to brag, but I'm a good cook. I
have most spices at home and can make almost anything you want, but you'll
still be paying. I'll split the bills so there's no sense of impropriety."
"Jesus, man, you'd do that?"
"Kent, I told you I'm here for you. None of
the nurses and not many of the doctors know what it takes to build a physique
like yours. You put me to shame, but I'm still pretty strong. I have to be,
because being one of the few men around here, they sluff all the heavy stuff
off on me."
Kent grunted, "So much for equality."
"Yeah. So anyway, what do you think? If you
can cover the cost of food and some new containers, I'll be your personal chef.
Dr. Hiner gave me a few strict dietary guidelines, but I follow all of them
anyway. I'll double-check everything, and I have to run our menu by him, but
I'm confident I can make it work."
"John... Man... I don't know what to say."
"Say yes."
"Okay, then, yeah. But if it gets to be too
much, you need to back off. This is way beyond your normal duties. Don't try to
tell me it isn't."
"It's not, but whatever. I do have one piece
of bad news."
"What?"
"For today, you get to trapse around and do
the assessment in your hospital gown. I ordered some military boxers and a few
T-shirts, but they won't be here until tomorrow. Even though this isn't a VA
hospital, they supply us with whatever we need for military patients. It's too
bad, though, I overheard the nurses, and most of them want to catch a glimpse
of that milky white derriere of yours."
"Are you shitting me?"
Raising his eyebrows, John said, "You'll
never know."
Ignoring John's teasing, Kent asked, "So
what's first. I can't wait to get out of this room."
"I'm going to take you to the general rehab
gym. Don't cry, but I have to take you in a wheelchair, just for today. It's
standard protocol, and I can't ignore it. We'll do some strength and balance
exercises, teach you how to maneuver yourself in and out of bed, and make it to
the bathroom on your own using a crutch. I want to get you mobile as quickly as
possible."
"What about... You know?"
Kent nodded to his stump.
"We need to give your leg more time to heal
before you can put any pressure on it. Long term, we'll order you at least two
prosthetic legs, maybe three.  Each one will serve a different purpose."
"How long is long term?"
"I can't even begin to estimate that so
close to your surgery. I see this with every guy I deal with, and you can't get
impatient or you can royally fuck things up and cause major setbacks. Mostly,
it will depend on how your leg heals. Right now, a lot of remodeling is happening
with your blood vessels. Your body is adjusting to the change, and that takes
time. We can't rush that. But when your leg is ready, we'll get you the first
prosthesis, which will be for general, day-to-day use."
"What about the other ones?"
"One will be for running, and the other will
be for weight training. You can squat and deadlift with that one if you want.
The alternative is learning to do one-legged squats, which most guys prefer. You'll
be training your bad leg too, but you can also achieve some muscle growth
sympathetically by training your good leg."
John moved closer and said, "I want to show
you something."
Putting on some gloves, John unwrapped the
top portion of the dressing, then folded down the sock that rested against his
skin. Nearly half of his stump was exposed, and John ran his hands over Kent's
upper thigh.
"Tense your leg for me."
John wasn't prepared for the striations that
appeared. Each muscle group in his leg became clearly defined, and John firmly
ran his hands over them. He wished he wasn't wearing gloves to feel Kent's skin
and hair.
"See all of this? You don't have to lose any
of this. We can use straps, bands, and even chains to attach weights. It's
different than how and what you're used to, but I can teach you all that. You
can still achieve full symmetry in the remaining portion of your leg."
As John reapplied the dressing, Kent
appeared more focused and engaged than John had yet seen him, absorbing
everything.
"All of what I just said is in the future,
but I want to give you a broad overview of where we're headed. I hate to use
the term baby steps, but to get you where we both want you, we have to start
small. Always start with the basics, just like when you started lifting."
"I can be patient as long as I have set goals
and can track results."
"I'm glad to hear that, but if I see you
pushing too hard, you need to listen to me. You can get pissed off and yell at
me, but I'm the boss on this. This is my job, and I want you to succeed."
Kent went quiet, closed his eyes, and
lowered his head. John wasn't sure what he was thinking and gave him a minute.
He had covered a lot of information.
When Kent sniffled and swiped at a tear,
John rested a hand on Kent's shoulder and asked, "What's wrong?"
Kent tried to smile, and it transformed his
face. He took a deep breath to get his composure and said, "I'm not very good
with words, John, but thank you. Even a few days ago, I didn't have any idea
where any of this was going, but now I do. Thanks to you, I'm beginning to feel
like I have a chance. The food, the clothes, the plan you laid out... It's giving
me structure. I feel like I've been floundering with no purpose. I've been
waking up in this uncomfortable bed, starving myself rather than eat that
crappy food, pissing through a catheter, or shitting in a bedpan. If I watch
one more DIY show, I'm going to scream. I miss the Corps. I miss my job and my
buddies. I miss Ranger... and I've felt... I don't know... adrift. Disconnected from
my former life. How can losing a few pounds of flesh take all that away in an
instant?"
John was elated that Kent was opening up and
sharing his thoughts and feelings. Wanting to keep him talking, he asked,
"Who's Ranger?"
Kent smiled and said, "Ranger's a mutt that
followed me back to the FOB one day. He was thin, and me and the guys started
feeding him. There are rules against it, but we kept him on the down-low. Being
Recon, I was on my own a lot, and he'd stick with me. He saved my ass a few
times. I worry about him as much as I do my buddies."
"Do you enjoy reading?"
"Yeah. I'd rather read than watch shitty
TV."
"I'm sorry I didn't ask sooner. I can get
you a Kindle or a Tablet from the VA with an Amazon account, and you can
download any books you want on their dime. I think you can watch movies too."
John patted Kent's solid shoulder and said,
"You can say a lot about the VA, but they have programs to help once you learn
to navigate the system. I'm pretty well versed in it since I only work with
vets."
In a serious voice, Kent said, "I'm glad I
got assigned to you, John. I feel like I have a chance."
<><>
The following weeks passed quickly. Kent's
leg healed more slowly than expected, but Dr. Hiner was still pleased with his
progress. Kent pushed himself in every other way, surpassing John's
expectations. His balance, agility, and flexibility were impressive for such a
muscular man.
One morning, John commented on his balance,
and Kent chuckled, "Yeah. Don't laugh, but I started doing basic yoga. When I
first started bulking, I didn't like being so stiff and losing range of motion.
Yoga is the shit. It's hard as fuck too. I have mad respect for those women who
turn themselves pretzels and hold themselves up on one hand."
John noticed Kent's smile fade, and he was
quieter than usual for the rest of the day. He knew Kent was still processing a
lot of emotions, and he encouraged him to talk things out, but Kent was a very
private man and not prone to sharing. John was mainly worried about Kent
slipping back into a deep depression. The danger of that was real, and guys
could flip on a dime, feeling fine one day and becoming suicidal the next.
Overall, Kent made good progress. He wasn't
happy, but he wasn't confrontational. John rarely had to hold him back from
pushing too hard, and he started teaching him more advanced coping skills,
preparing for different situations, like rolling out of bed and reaching the
door without a crutch. These scenarios were extreme, but if a fire broke out at
his home, he needed to be able to save himself. He also began doing simpler
tasks, like changing the sheets on his bed.
Without saying anything to Kent, John made a
few phone calls. It took some time and was especially difficult because of the
time difference, but John spoke with Kent's unit commander and gave him his
personal number to share with some of Kent's buddies. Since they were in a
restricted area, communications were limited, but as soon as they returned to a
main encampment, John arranged for a few of Kent's friends to call.
One thing John didn't see, and Kent masked
it well, was that at night, after John left, he tried to jerk off. He could get
hard, but wasn't able to cum. John told him that shouldn't be the case. Frustrated,
he would stare at his leg in anger and blame. Sometimes he unwrapped it to look
at the scarring. To him, it looked hideous, and he felt he was less of a man,
and he wondered how he would ever be able to meet a woman who could fall in
love with him.
<><>
A week later, John entered Kent's room. He
had pushed himself hard and was resting, but his eyes opened. Kent's
situational awareness was extreme, and he would wake up at the slightest sound.
John said, "Sorry to wake you, but I have
some good news."
"What?"
"We can take your dressing off and you can
start showering, but with one restriction. Sorry, but this is another one of
those regulations we can't get around. I have to be in the shower with you to
keep you from falling."
"No shit? Fuck, can I take one now? I think
I've forgotten what taking a hot shower feels like."
"Yeah, we can do it now if you want. It's
kind of awkward. You can see how small that shower is, but I'm game if you are.
I brought in my swimming trunks. I was pretty sure Dr. Hiner would be okay with
this. Your balance has never been the holdup; he's been extra cautious due to
the slow healing, but he feels it's okay to try."
John shut the door, pulled the privacy
screen around the bed, and said, "Let's remove your dressing first."
John started unwrapping Kent's stump,
revealing his leg. His upper leg was still as thick and muscular as his good
leg and just as hairy. His leg tapered down, and the rounded stump was smooth
except for deep scars at the tip where the skin was folded and sewn together. John
saw Kent's expression change as he looked at it.
"Fuck."
"It's not going to look like that forever.
Over time, the tissues will smooth out more. There will be scars, but not as
bad as you see now. After the shower, I want you to start caring for it
yourself. You watch me apply the lotion and wrap it several times a day, but
you need to be able to do it on your own. I won't be around forever."
Kent blinked, and an unexpected sadness
washed over him. It was silly, but in his mind, he had always assumed that John
would be there to help him. Despite his independence, he had come to depend on
John for many things; the idea of him not being around had never crossed his
mind. To hide the sudden emotion, he said, "Start the hot water. I don't want
my first shower to be cold."
John knew something had happened in Kent's
mind, but he didn't ask. He wanted to save his second surprise for after the
shower, when Kent would be relaxed.
Kent stripped off his shorts and T-shirt,
and John removed his scrubs. He wore his bathing suit that morning instead of
underwear in preparation. John had seen Kent naked nearly every day for two
months, but his excitement at seeing him never faded. He was able to better
control his own arousal, but he still fantasized daily about what he would love
to do to and for Kent.
John checked the water and said, "Use your
crutch to get over, and then put your arm around my shoulder, and we'll get
under the water. I know you know this, but the tiles can get slippery, so hang
on to me and be careful."
While John was used to seeing Kent naked, he
wasn't used to having his incredible body pressed against his, skin to skin.
Muscle on muscle. Oh fuck. Don't get
hard, John. Don't get hard.
They maneuvered into the small shower, and
John moaned as the hot water cascaded over his powerful frame.
"God, this feels good."
Not only did Kent's body feel good pressed
against him, but his wet skin felt even better.       Kent put his face
directly under the spray with his eyes closed, basking in the sensation.
To keep things clinical, John said, "Keep
one hand either on me or on a grab bar at all times, and use your other hand to
wash yourself."
Seeing Kent's chest hair wet and against his
body and how the water made its way down to run off his flaccid cock was too
much, and John started to get hard. What he didn't expect was for Kent to get
hard, too.
The two men made eye contact. The only sound
was the water hitting the tiles as they both stood still. John couldn't
decipher the look in Kent's eyes... was it pleading? It wasn't anger or
repulsion. It was more... questioning.
John got the shock of his life when Kent placed
a hand on John's chest. His touch was firm, with no hesitation. Kent's hand ran
down John's abs, and he released the string of his bathing suit. He tugged the
suit down enough that it fell onto the tiles, leaving John fully naked, with
his own erection fully hard and pulsing.
Kent's hand went to the small of John's back
and pulled them together, chest to chest, pinning their dicks between them. John
sucked in his breath at the sensation of being so unexpectedly intimate with
the man of his dreams.
God, his dick feels good. All of him
feels good.
John's hands moved up to caress Kent's
shoulders, neck, and chest. They never broke eye contact, although Kent's eyes
seemed glassy, like he was in a fog.
John lowered himself to his knees and stared
at Kent's cock, inches from his face. With both hands, he held Kent's cock and
balls while the water continued cascading over them. He looked up, and Kent's
chest and abs were even more pronounced from that angle. Kent gave an almost
imperceptible nod of acceptance, or perhaps permission, and John took the head
of Kent's cock into his mouth.
A feeling of Déjà vu hit John:
I've done
this before. Was it real? Is this real?
He remembered fantasizing about
something similar, but this felt different. This time, Kent initiated what was
happening. Regardless, he attacked the head of Kent's cock with his lips and
tongue, and he watched Kent's abs tighten in response. His good leg bent at the
knee as his thighs widened. John put one arm around Kent's trim waist to help
him push Kent's cock deeper down his throat, swallowing to increase his
pleasure. In under a minute, Kent hardened even more, and his sweet cum filled
John's mouth.
<><>
John woke with a start as his cock unloaded
on its own.
This is getting out of control. I haven't
had a wet dream in years.
The whole dream was so incredibly vivid that
it was frightening. This time, Kent was the one who initiated sex, and John
projected Kent's feelings towards him. It was messed up, and it was concerning.
I've got to figure out a way out of this
without dumping Kent as a patient.
No matter what, he would not break
his promise to Kent to be there for him until he was discharged from the
hospital and able to return to civilian life, healthy and capable.
Crawling out of bed, John showered and got
ready for work. He remembered to wear his bathing suit under his scrubs.
Kent will be stoked to take a shower. I
can't wait to see the look on his face.
Chapter Three
It's Not Working
Weeks later, at 5:00 am, a phone sitting at
Kent's bedside rang. He woke abruptly and saw John's phone with a post-it note
that said "Answer Me!"
What the fuck?
Picking up the phone, he tapped accept, and
the screen was filled with a close-up of a man's face. John had turned the
volume up when he snuck the phone in, and a loud voice boomed through the quiet
of the room.
"Is there some asshole Lance Corporal there
named Kent Moore?"
In the background, another one of his
buddies said, "If he doesn't answer to that, ask for Dickhead instead."
Kent's face broke into a big grin, and he
blurted out, "Miller! Damn, what are you doing calling me? This isn't even my
phone?"
"Bro, we're sorry we haven't called before
now. We just got back to base camp. Things have been a little hairy here
without your sorry ass to find the bad guys for us."
Miller set the phone down and backed up, and
Kent saw his four closest buddies.
The conversation felt like he had never left
and was still with them. Their camaraderie wrapped around him as they joked and
hung shit on each other, and he updated them on the condition of his leg and
what he was doing.
While they were talking, Kent heard a bark
and blurted out, "Is that Ranger?!"
The light in their tent shifted when the
door opened, and Miller lifted Ranger so Kent could see him.
"Ranger! Fuck, you're okay too! Good boy!"
Miller said, "This little fucker is keeping
us straight."
With the phone unsecured, his buddies
couldn't share any real information outside of themselves, but seeing and
hearing them and Ranger lifted Kent's spirits.
Miller said, "Sorry to cut this short, but
duty calls. We just had to check in on your sorry ass. Take care of yourself.
Miss you, brother!"
The call disconnected, and Kent stared at
the screen, craving more. His smile faded, and tears welled up. Once again,
John had done something amazing for him. Seeing and hearing his brothers and
Ranger was something he didn't expect, but it also drove home that he wasn't
with them and could never return to the Corps.
When John arrived at 10:00 am, Kent
surprised him with a bear hug—literally picking him up and squeezing the life
out of him. John was a solid man himself, but Kent lifted him like a rag doll.
The sensation of Kent's arms around him caught him off guard, and a wave of
emotion washed over him.
Kent was laughing, and when he set John
down, John asked, "So I take it you talked to your buddies?
"Dude! How the hell did you manage that?
Thank you!"
"Was Ranger there?"
Kent's smile lit up the room as he said, "He
was! He looked great!"
Kent's smile was contagious, and smiling
back, John said, "That's awesome."
Seeing Kent smile, truly happy and upbeat,
made John's heart skip a beat. He genuinely felt happy for Kent, but in the
back of his mind, he longed for Kent to smile at him like that.
Based on his call to Kent's buddies, the
next part of his surprise would take six months, but the wheels were in motion.
John could only imagine Kent's look when that day arrived.
<><>
Kent excelled in every physical aspect of
his therapy. However, the slow healing of his leg frustrated him, and it
started to affect his mood. He wanted to get his first prosthesis and gain more
freedom.
John began taking him out of the hospital
for short drives around town and occasionally out to eat. He even took Kent to
his apartment to cook. Kent needed a change of scenery to avoid going stir
crazy. The last two veterans under John's care had stayed in the hospital for
over a year, and it depressed Kent to think it could take that long.
On the bright side, with John preparing his
meals, he regained the twenty pounds he had lost after the first surgery. John
provided a sling to hang weights off of that Kent could lift with his bad leg.
They were both surprised at how little atrophy occurred and how much weight
Kent could manage.
Dr. Hiner cautioned against working the leg
too soon. Building muscle could affect the internal vascular remodeling. John
pushed back a little, saying he thought it was helping.
"You work with him every day, John. I said I
trust your judgement and I meant that. Just monitor his leg closely, and keep
an eye out for any external evidence of trauma, even if it's minimal."
"Of course, sir. I won't take any risks.
Kent knows that pushing too hard can cause setbacks, and he doesn't want that
any more than we do."
John noticed a decline in Kent's outward
demeanor and wondered if depression might be taking hold.
Kent caught John off guard when he asked,
"John, you work out at your gym, right?"
"Yeah, I go at least four days a week, why?"
"Could you work out with me? The hospital
has all the equipment. I could push myself more if I had a workout partner, and
I could help you with your routine, too."
"It's not usually permitted. If you pitch it
to Dr. Hiner, he'll be more receptive. The main issue is liability, so it might
not be possible."
"I don't want you in any trouble with the
hospital, but it never hurts to ask."
Dr. Hiner agreed, but HR made John sign a
liability waiver. If he sustained any injuries, he couldn't sue the hospital.
The upside was that John spent even more time with Kent and got to know him
better. John found himself caught in the "Buddy Trap." It was like the "Friend
Zone" women put men into, the safe zone that kept romantic interest at bay. Of
course, Kent had no idea John was gay.
John ended up eating, working out, and
showering with Kent four days a week. John still wore his bathing suit, but the
physical contact was difficult, especially as his feelings deepened.
One afternoon, John sat in the employee
lounge. He had to step out of Kent's room for a few minutes and regain his
composure. His nurse friend Barbara caught him by himself, teary-eyed, and
immediately knew what was wrong.
"Oh, honey. I'm sorry."
She covered his hands with hers, squeezing
them tightly.
"I tried so hard, Barbie. After Roger, I was
on guard against it, but it still happened. I'm not sure what to do. I can't
ask for reassignment. Kent wouldn't understand, and it would break his trust. I
promised I'd stick with him and see him through this. I can't go back on my
word, no matter how I feel."
"Have you thought about talking to him? I
know he's straight, but if he knows you're gay, it might be easier to be around
him."
"I don't know how he'd react. I mean, we're
pretty close now. Not as close as his buddies in Afghanistan, but I'm the only
friend in his life right now.  What if I fucked it all up by coming out to
him?"
"It's not fair to you, though. You can't
keep torturing yourself."
"I'll just have to live with it for now."
"I'm sorry. If I can do anything, let me
know. We can have a good cry and eat some ice cream."
John laughed and said, "That's such a girl
thing. Sorry, but no. But I promise to call you if I need to."
When John returned to Kent's room, he found
Kent lying in bed with his hands behind his head, staring at the ceiling. His
Kindle sat on the tray, in sleep mode. Kent tried to mask his emotions, but
John saw the stony expression on his face when he first entered the room. John
pulled a chair over and sat close beside him.
"You want to talk about it?"
"About what?"
"Whatever is bothering you. I've noticed
that you seem down lately. You hide it well, but I've picked up on it. I told
you I'm here for you, in any capacity, and that includes counseling if you need
it."
Kent remained quiet and didn't respond at
first.
John said, "Talk to me, Kent. Don't bottle
whatever it is up."
"Can you shut the door?"
Without question, John closed the door and
pulled the privacy screen around the bed.
Kent sat up and dangled his good leg off the
edge. His stump pushed straight out, starkly white with fresh dressing.
It took Kent a minute to start talking, and
John was present and patient, not putting any pressure on him.
"This is personal."
"Okay. Anything you say is just between us.
I promise."
"You sure?"
"Well, if you're planning a murder, that's a
different story."
The corner of Kent's mouth rose in a half
smile.
"This is complicated."
"I'm listening."
"There are two things, really, but related.
I was so worried after the surgery that my dick wouldn't work. I can get hard,
but I can't get off. I can't tell you how many nights I've stroked myself raw
trying to get off. I'm worried that something really is wrong."
"According to Dr. Hiner, there is no medical
reason that should be the case, so it must be in your head. Maybe I can help
you work through it."
Kent started to tear up, and he stammered,
"The other part to this is... what the fuck does it matter? I'm broken. I
appreciate everything you've done for me, and how far I've come, but no woman
will ever want a man like me. I'm not whole."
Kent broke down, holding his head in his
hands. John wanted to cry from hearing the pain in Kent's voice. Deep down, he
believed what he said.
John rested a hand on Kent's shoulder and
said, "That's not true, Kent. Jesus, I wish you could see yourself like I do.
You're such a great man. You're handsome and a total stud. Any woman would be
lucky to have a guy like you."
"But what if I can't have children? I can't
perform in bed..."
"One step at a time here. I'm going to go
Dr. Phil on you here... Right now, you see yourself as unlovable."
John placed his hand on Kent's stump and
said, "You think
this
makes you unlovable, but
this
doesn't define you. Guys who have lost more than you get married and have
families all the time. You've got to get out of this mindset. You are lovable,
and you're especially desirable. With your face and body, and more importantly,
what kind of man you are, any woman would be lucky to have you."
Kent was upset, and he heard John's words,
but John wasn't sure he was convinced. Kent also didn't see John's vulnerable,
almost pleading expression.
"Let's take the rest of the day off and get
out of here."
Kent wiped away his tears and nodded. He
didn't say anything and remained thoughtful. John hoped he had at least planted
some seeds that would take root, but it would take more than one conversation
to convince him.
<><>
John received permission to take Kent to his
parents' beach house on Tybee Island for a long weekend. Kent hadn't been out
of the hospital for nearly six months, except for a few hours now and then with
John, and while it wasn't normal procedure to do anything so personal with a
patient, it presented a great opportunity.
John walked in at 10:00 am and, as usual,
said, "Good morning, Kent. How'd you sleep?"
"As good as I could on that piece of shit
bed. That thing is criminal."
"Hey, I have something I need to run by
you."
Kent moved to the edge of the bed. John
loved seeing him in the mornings, with a bit of bed head. The sleeveless
T-shirt he slept in exposed his powerful shoulders, arms, and upper chest, and
John watched his muscles move as he shifted his body.
God, if he could only see how beautiful
he is.
"So what's up?"
"My parents own a small beach house on Tybee
Island, outside Savannah. It's about a five-and-a-half-hour drive from here. I
like to go there when I need to recharge. I cleared it with Dr. Hiner and got
permission to take you with me for a long weekend. Does that sound like
something you'd like to do?"
Kent's eyes widened in surprise, and he
said, "Seriously? I love the beach."
"You can't go in the water just yet. I want
to be up front about that, but it's a nice place and this time of year it's not
crowded. We might even have the beach to ourselves most of the time."
"Fuck, yeah!"
"I was hoping you'd want to. I already
talked to my parents, just in case. All we need to bring is food and clothes.
Everything else we need is there. We leave tomorrow."
Kent seemed to be in a better mood all day. When
John picked him up the next morning, Kent received another surprise.
"You want to drive? My insurance will cover
you."
"Man, John... fuck, dude, I don't know what to
say. You're going so far above and beyond for me..."
"It's my job, Kent. This is another activity
you need to practice. I also thought you'd enjoy getting behind the wheel. I already
went grocery shopping, and I also ordered some clothes for you through the VA
since we'll be out in public. You'll have to maneuver with your crutch."
Kent seemed concerned and asked, "How will
long pants work? I've only worn shorts since I've been here."
"I got you some sweats and a pair of jeans. When
we get there, I'll show you how to pin up your short leg. I also got you a
bathing suit, even with the no swimming rule, in case you want to catch some
sun."
"I'd fucking love to get some sun. You
wouldn't believe how dark I got in Afghanistan."
The image of Kent's muscled body, deeply
tanned and sweating in the bright sun, burned in John's mind.
"Once you get your prosthesis, you can play
volleyball, go jogging, or do nearly anything you did before. The beach can get
crowded in the summer, but during this time of year, especially on weekdays, it
shouldn't be. This won't be our first trip either. It will be good therapy for
you to learn how to maneuver with the different legs."
Unbeknownst to Kent, John called a family
friend who lived on Tybee with her parents. She was attractive and a bit of a
slut, and John was sure that if he introduced her to Kent, she'd be all over
him. He hoped it would prove to Kent that he was still desirable to the
opposite sex. He had some condoms stowed in his bag, along with some lube, just
in case.
The thought of them together was repulsive
to John, but Kent needed reinforcement that John couldn't give him.
I wish I could, with everything in me.
I'd prove to him that he's desirable and that he can get off with another
person. I'd drain his balls into oblivion.
While they were talking, Barbara
stuck her head in the room and asked, "Come by and see me when you get a sec."
John was ready to leave, so he went out and
found Barbara at the nurses' station. She pulled him aside and glanced around
to ensure no one could overhear their conversation.
"Sweetie, be careful. I don't want to see
you get hurt again."
"He's not Roger."
"No, he's more than Roger. I can tell. I
want you to be happy. You are the nicest, most selfless person I know, but you
keep barking up the wrong tree."
"You're right. Kent is more than Roger. I
didn't think that was possible, but he is. And it's really too late on getting
hurt. Working with him is hard. Every second is a challenge. But he deserves to
be well, so I push everything aside and do my job. I do it for him."
"I wish you would do for yourself what you
do for him."
"I wish I could. I don't know why I keep
doing this. I don't seem to be able to prevent it from happening. At least I
get good results with them."
Barbara hugged him and said, "Have a safe
trip.  Call me if you need me."
John stood still for a minute after she
left, doing his best not to cry. He returned to Kent's room, and they headed to
the employee parking garage to leave.
Kent noted that John seemed a bit reserved
after he came back, but figured it was work-related, so he didn't say anything.
<><>
The first challenge for Kent was getting
sunglasses. He didn't have any, and John's didn't fit him, so they pulled off
the interstate just south of the hospital into a QuickTrip. Kent wore a sleeve
over his leg that hid the scarring, but he hadn't been out in public, and John
encouraged him to go inside using his crutch and pick out a few pairs on his
own.
"You need to get used to being in public.
Trust me, nobody cares, at least not the way you think. Everyone's going to see
a good-looking, imposing guy. They'll most likely be looking at your arms, not
your leg."
Kent wore a VA ballcap, too, and John said,
"A lot of people will thank you for your service, too. Be prepared and answer
however you like."
John knew from experience that people meant
well when they said that, but it was often embarrassing for a vet. Most vets
took their service in stride. They were proud, but very few wore their service
on their sleeve as a badge of honor.
John couldn't believe how the sunglasses
elevated Kent's appearance. With the ballcap and glasses, he looked criminally
handsome. Kent did great driving with only one foot, and John navigated the few
turns they had to make. Kent's biggest issue was how rude Atlanta drivers were.
John had created a few playlists on his
phone with songs he knew Kent liked, and as they drove and listened to the
music, Kent seemed to become the man John wanted him to be – relaxed and chill,
without a care in the world.
John wanted to create more of those moments.
He cherished them, and being part of Kent's life made him happy. He dreamed
that he and Kent were together, and wished with all his heart that Kent would
reach over and take his hand while they drove.
When Kent managed to find his center, like
during weightlifting sessions, he was enjoyable to be around. He started joking
around with John and hanging shit on him like he would with his buddies in
Afghanistan. While John appreciated the deeper friendship, it also intensified
his pain. He cried himself to sleep most nights, praying to the universe to
find some way out.
Kent whistled appreciatively when they
pulled into the short driveway of the house.
"Man, this is nice! Your parents must be
well off."
"They're definitely financially comfortable,
but Dad is just smart with money. They bought this place before I was born for
a pittance compared to what it's worth today."
Kent did his best to help John unload
everything, hanging bags off his shoulder or around his neck, and in short
order, they had the kitchen sorted. John put their bags in separate bedrooms.
Kent couldn't take his eyes off the water.
It was late afternoon, the tide was low, and the sun was still shining. A
gentle breeze blew off the water.
"Why don't you go out on the beach, and I'll
get some dinner started."
Kent disappeared to change and came back in
just his bathing suit, sunglasses, and ballcap.
John said, "It looks like the beach is
empty. Since it's late, you probably don't need sunscreen, but I brought some
for the next few days."
"I don't mind a little burn and tan fast,
but I'll be careful."
John stopped moving to watch Kent walk down
the steps to the ramp leading to the sand, observing the muscles in his
shoulders and back as he maneuvered with the crutch.
He's going to be so happy on Monday. I
can't wait to see the look on his face.
Kent's first prosthesis arrived, but he
wouldn't be allowed to use it outside the hospital for at least a week while he
learned how to walk and care for it. John was worried he might try to overexert
himself, as many amputees often do. He needed to gradually build up to
supporting his weight on his stump. Still, it was a huge first step—one that
brought Kent closer to moving on and out of John's life. John's last surprise
for Kent would be more of a graduation gift, which was still in the works.
While the grill heated, John looked out and
saw Kent sitting on the sand, enjoying the view and the breeze. He had both
arms around his knee and stared at the water. The sun set quickly, and the
sunset was breathtaking. Just as John set everything on the table, he heard
Kent on the steps.
John started marinating two large ribeyes in
Ziploc bags stored in the cooler. He preferred baking potatoes in the oven, but
he used the microwave to save time and threw together a spinach salad with
balsamic vinaigrette.
John had changed and wore his bathing suit
as well, and no shirt.
Kent grinned and said, "I was going to put
on a shirt."
"Hey, we're at the beach. Shirts are
optional, and besides, it's just us."
"Damn, John, what a spread."
"I know ribeyes aren't our usual, but I
wanted this to be a special meal for you."
Kent lowered his head and ran a hand through
his hair. He looked sheepish, almost hesitant, and John knew he was emotional.
"I don't say this enough, man, but I can't
thank you enough for everything you do for me. I was so fucked in the head
right after the third surgery, and you stuck with me. You guided me out of
that, and I appreciate it more than I can possibly say. You've become a good
friend to me through all of this. Way more than just my OT."
John started to respond, making light of the
situation, but Kent cut him off.
"Don't think for a minute that I don't see
how far above and beyond you go for me. The meal preps, getting me out of the
hospital, and bringing me here—this place is incredible. You make it easy for
me to feel normal."
Kent's words poured over John, warming his
heart. In that moment, it made the pain worth it.
"You're welcome, Kent. You've become a good
friend to me, too. I'm going to miss you when you're finally ready to leave."
"I still don't have a clue what I'm going to
do."
"I've done some digging on your behalf.
There are still a lot of things you can do in the Corps if you want to stay in.
Your former MOS isn't an option, but if you really want to go back in, you
can."
"I've thought about it, but I don't think
so. It tears me up inside, but it seems like I'd be settling. I think it will
be time to put that chapter of my life to bed and start something new, whatever
that may be."
He chuckled and said, "If you have any ideas
in your bag of tricks, I'm all ears."
"That's still some months down the road, but
it's good to start thinking about."
They dug into their steaks, and once the
plates were cleared, John pulled out a small cheesecake with strawberry
compote.
Kent said, "You fucker. This is my favorite!
How'd you know?"
"You must have mentioned it at some point.
My mind is a steel trap. I remember everything."
"That must drive you nuts."
Just as they were finishing, there was a
knock on the door and a woman called out, "Johnny!?"
"Alicia! Come in!"
"I thought that was your car!"
As soon as she saw Kent, she stopped. She
knew about Kent, but seeing him in person stunned her.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know you had company."
"It's fine. Kent, this is Alicia. Alicia,
this is Kent. Alicia is an old family friend who lives down the road. We used
to play together when we were kids."
Alicia moved forward, hugged John, and ran
her hands over his arms and shoulders, saying, "Look at you!"
Laughing, John nodded to Kent and said,
"It's his fault. We work out together."
Kent stood on his good leg and shook her
hand, saying, "Nice to meet you."
She mumbled, "My, my, my," as she stared at
Kent's arms and chest. She didn't pay the slightest attention to his stump.
"I just wanted to come say hi. How long will
you be here? Can I come over tomorrow for a catch-up?"
"Sure. We're going to be here a few days. We
have no plans other than to get some sun and chill."
The lust in her eyes was not lost on Kent,
and he had to sit down.
"My favorite pastimes, among other things."
She glanced at his crotch briefly when she said that.
John said, "We're probably gonna turn in
early. We just had a big dinner, and it was a long drive. Come over tomorrow
anytime. Just don't make it too early. I'm planning on sleeping in."
Alicia left, Kent looked a bit stunned, and
John chuckled.
"Dude, I've known her since I was like
three. She's a really nice girl, but she's also very free-spirited. If you show
any interest at all, she'll be all over you."
John couldn't read Kent's expression when he
asked, "Is this another one of my surprises?"
John sat down and said, "Not exactly. I knew
Alicia would be here, and I know how she is. I know you push every button of
hers."
Just like you do mine.
"I brought condoms and lube, just in case. I
know you're worried about sex. If you want to, this might be a good opportunity
to break down that barrier. There's no pressure, Kent. Trust me. If you want me
to, I'll tell her to back off, but I know you haven't gotten laid in over a
year."
Kent's face flushed, and John knew he was
hard at the thought, but he also saw worry, and John knew what the issue was.
His stump.
"Kent, I'm going to be blunt. I understand
your concerns. You think she'll be repulsed by your leg. Let me remind you, she
didn't bat an eye when you stood up. She doesn't care, and you shouldn't
either. You need to learn to be intimate with another person again. My god,
with your body, there's no need to be self-conscious. If you want, put a pillow
case over your stump, at least to start."
"What about balance..."
John actually laughed and said, "Dude, you're
a machine. You do one-armed pushups with me all the time, just to show off. You
won't have any issues, believe me."
"But I haven't been able to... You know."
"Yeah, I know. But that's by yourself. When
you feel her against you, I bet you'll pop off so fast your eyes will spin."
Kent nearly spit out the water he just
sipped, but then he laughed and said, "You're probably right. God, I hope
you're right."
"How often have I steered you wrong since
we've been working together?"
"Never."
"So trust me on this. You need this, as a
man. Consider it another part of your therapy. Just don't tell Dr. Hiner."
<><>
Thinking about Kent and Alicia fucking
brought tears to John's eyes. He couldn't sleep as images of Kent's naked,
virile body, sweaty and pounding Alicia filled his thoughts. He wanted John on
top of him, pounding his ass. He wanted to feel every muscle in Kent's body,
flexed and sweaty, against him.
A startled shout from Kent's room caused
John to jump out of bed and rush to Kent's room. Kent was sitting up, sweating
and breathing hard.
"Kent?! What's wrong?"
Kent seemed disoriented, and John moved
over, sat on the edge of his bed, and turned on the lamp on the nightstand.
John saw tears, and Kent sucked in a deep
breath, trying to calm himself.
"Fuck, I'm sorry, John. I had a bad dream,
and when I woke up, I didn't remember where I was..."
John noticed his trembling and gently ran
his hand over Kent's back. "It's okay, man. I understand. It's been a while
since you've had any dreams, but they can creep up anytime. A new environment
like this can stir things up in your subconscious. It's another unknown."
"I'm okay, thanks."
"Do you want me to stay until you fall
asleep?"
Kent lowered his head. John knew Kent wanted
him to stay, but was afraid of looking weak.
"It doesn't make you weak, Kent. I'm here as
a friend."
"Thanks, buddy."
Kent rolled over, and John waited for him to
fall asleep. He wanted to keep rubbing Kent's back, but he refrained.
The next morning, it was as if the incident had
never happened. John made them a huge breakfast.
John said, "You said you wanted to get some
sun. I brought a few sunscreen options. They're in the bathroom."
Kent grabbed a beach blanket and a towel and
came into the kitchen.
Holding out a spray can of sunscreen, he
asked, "Would you mind? It'll be easier."
Going out on the back porch, John took the
blanket and towel and set them down.
"You should take off the sleeve. The sun
will be good for your skin."
Kent hesitated but leaned over and slipped
it off, exposing his stump. He had to admit how much better his leg looked
compared to right after the surgery.
"Arms out."
Kent's balance was good enough that he
didn't use the crutch, and he spread his arms straight out and stood on his
good leg, while John doused him liberally with the sunscreen. It made Kent's
skin shine, and John loved the scent of the brand he used.
"Close your eyes."
Kent did as instructed, and John put his
hands over Kent's eyes and sprayed his face and neck too, then used his hand to
spread it over his nose, forehead, and around his eyes.
Kent smirked and said, "Thanks, Mom. Can I
go play now?"
"You've been a good boy, so yeah. I'll have
lunch ready around noon."
"You aren't going to join me?"
"I need to do some laundry and make a few
phone calls. I'll join you if I have time."
Kent seemed a little put out, and John
wondered at it. He wasn't joining Kent because he knew Alicia would see him on
the beach.
Man, this could really backfire. I hope
it works.
John watched Kent move down the steps
and along the ramp to the beach. The tide was much higher and closer to the
house, so he didn't have far to go.
Jesus, he's so perfect.
In a moment of weakness, John let his
bottled-up feelings for Kent escape, and tears welled in his eyes. He sat at
the table, resting his head in his hands and sobbing openly. John didn't just
love Kent; he was in love with him. At first, his handsome face and physique
drew him in, but as he got to know him, everything about Kent's personality
captivated him. Kent Moore was a beautiful man beneath the rough exterior he
presented.
John sat at the table, unable to think
clearly for almost an hour. When he finally pulled himself together and stood
up, he saw Alicia sitting with Kent. She was running her hand up and down his broad
back.
Seeing her touch Kent was like a knife in
his heart, and his tears returned. He watched Kent stand up, and Alicia grabbed
his blanket and towel as they headed back to the house. John panicked, not
wanting Kent to see that he had been crying, so he went into the bathroom and
started the shower.
He sat on the toilet, crying his eyes out
even more when he heard Kent's bedroom door shut. Shutting off the shower, John
quietly crept into his room and shut the door. It wasn't long before he heard
Alicia moaning, and then Kent grunting in exertion. The bed creaked loudly, and
images of Kent, his naked body covering hers, sweating with effort as he thrust
his rigid cock into her. The picture of Kent's back and ass muscles undulating
with his thrusts was incredibly vivid.
The noise went on for nearly half an hour.
From her screams, John was sure Alicia came multiple times. There was no way
she faked what he heard.
<><>
As hard as he tried, thrusting his cock into
Alicia for half an hour, Kent couldn't get off. Dripping sweat, he bridged his
body over her, holding himself up by his arms and good leg. She did everything
she could, caressing him, kissing his neck, all the things he liked, but he
couldn't cum. Finally, exhausted, he collapsed on top of her and then rolled to
the side.
He stared at the ceiling, unblinking, while
his hard cock, wet and slick, continued to throb. Alicia tried to comfort him,
running a hand over his chest.
His eyes watery, Kent finally mumbled,
"Sorry. It's this damned leg."
"Are you alright?"
"I don't know. John said this
shouldn't be an issue. He said nothing about my injury would cause this, but..."
"Maybe you should let John try."
Kent did a double-take and lifted
his head to look at her, "What?"
"Oh, no! I thought you knew. Please
don't tell him I told you!"
"John's gay?"
Alicia started to cry, "He's going
to be so angry with me."
Like dominoes, so many things fell
into place in Kent's mind. All the extra things John did for him, far beyond a regular
OT...
Fuck, I didn't see any of it.
John masked everything so well and was
so professional. He never took advantage of Kent when they had to shower
together, or worked out, or anytime he had to touch him during his therapy
sessions.
But aside from that, now that he
knew John was gay, everything made sense. What surprised Kent was that he
didn't feel shocked or angry; he felt betrayed.
"I want to be alone."
Alicia quickly dressed and quietly
left. John heard her leave, but stayed in his room, trapped by his emotions.
Looking at the clock, it was almost lunch, and he promised Kent he'd have lunch
ready, so he pulled himself together and went to the kitchen. When Kent didn't
come out, John feared the worst.
John's anxiety kept him from
functioning. He had never felt so incapacitated before and felt like he was
drowning. Instead of making lunch, he went to the beach and sat alone, staring
over the water.
He wasn't sure how long he had been
there, but he had no sunscreen on, and his shoulders were turning red. He was
about to go inside when he heard Kent behind him. Kent didn't say a word but
sat down close enough that their arms touched. Even that brief skin contact
sent a shiver down John's spine.
When Kent put his arm around John's
shoulder, John broke down and lowered his head, sobbing uncontrollably. Kent
pulled him closer and let him cry it out. John's head hurt from all the tears
he had shed.
Once he quieted somewhat, Kent
softly asked him, "Why didn't you tell me?"
John's throat was still thick with
emotions, but he finally found his voice.
"I don't know. I should have said
something, but you were having such a hard time early on that I didn't want to
throw you a curveball, which could affect working together. Then I waited too
long, so I just kept it to myself. I'm sorry if you hate me."
John was surprised to hear Kent
sniffle.
"I found out that one of my best
buddies in Afghanistan was gay. He was the bravest man I've ever known. A year
later, he killed himself. After all the shit he went through, all the lives he
saved, he killed himself over some guy. He was one of us, and when you know
another brother has your back no matter what, that shit doesn't matter. I was
so angry at him for checking out; it took me months to get over it. It still
hurts to this day... don't be mad at Alicia. She thought I knew. I'm glad she let
it slip.
"When she did, so many things fell
into place. The things you do for me, so far above and beyond what you're
supposed to. I feel like I've used you. I accepted all of that. I know I
thanked you, but now that I know why, I feel like a heel. You're a great man,
John. Just as kind and brave as Will. You save lives, too, just like him. You
saved mine, that's for damn sure. I was on the verge of checking out before my
last surgery. I just didn't see a way forward for me.
"Then you showed up. You never once
considered my stump a handicap. You didn't allow me to think that either, and
when I tried, you pushed back, not with loud words, but through your actions.
You were like this wall I could lean on, and no matter how hard I leaned on
you, you didn't budge.
"I'm sorry, man. I'm straight, but
I wish I had known. You're the only friend I have here in the states, the only
one who cares about me. You arranged for my buddies to call me. You have no
idea what that meant to me. Seeing Ranger, too, that pesky mutt. Hearing his
bark was another burden that lifted off me, knowing he was still alive."
John kept wiping his eyes as he
listened. Kent's words were a boon in so many ways. The fact that he knew was a
huge weight off John, but it still didn't address John's feelings for him.
John said, "Let's go in and get
some lunch."
Kent's arm tightened, then he
patted John's shoulder in comfort. He quickly got to his feet, extended a hand,
and pulled John up. His casual strength never ceased to amaze John.
Kent sat in the kitchen while John
made them hoagies. He grabbed Kent's favorite beer and placed two bottles on
the table. Kent picked up the bottle and chugged it without stopping for a
breath. John's eyes widened.
"I hope there's more."
John set another one down.
"God, John, everything you do for
me. Getting my favorite beer is another example. You make it all about me. All
this time, it's been about me, not you. You've been selfless and given up so
much for me."
John didn't know what to say, and
they silently finished their sandwiches. When Kent was done, John asked, "Do
you want to go back out and get some sun?"
"Not yet. There's something I need
to say."
John went cold inside, afraid of
what Kent might say.
Kent reached across the table and
took John's hands in his. He held them firmly, not letting John pull back. The
warm strength of his hands sent a tingle through John that went straight to his
dick.
"I've been thinking about how to
say this. My mind has been spinning since Alicia left.  What you did for me by
setting me up with her... what that must have done to you. I can tell how upset
you were. I feel like that was the straw that broke the camel's back. I'm
terrified, John, but I'm mad too. You let things go way too far. I can see what
doing that cost you, and it was completely unfair of you to do that. I know you
did it for me, but now that I know, I feel like a total jerk.
"I wasn't able to get off with her,
either. That's the first time you've been wrong since we started working
together. I tried so fucking hard, man. I made her cum three times, and I tried
until I was about to pass out. Hell, my arms and leg are still shaky. You were
right about her not caring about my stump. She actually got off on it, which is
weird as fuck, but it proves you were right about that part. I care way more
about it than anyone else seems to, and I think I can start to let that go.
"After I finally gave up trying, I
was still rigid as fuck and so horny I could hardly think. But I think I
figured out my mental block. Like I said earlier, you've been a wall for me,
and the trust we built over all these months was the one thing I could rely on.
You broke that trust by not telling me. I get why, but it also helped me figure
out why I can't get off. It's about trust. Trusting that part of me. I don't
trust anybody but you. I know that sounds fucked up coming from a straight guy,
but when Alicia said I should let you get me off, I almost came from just the
thought of it.
"I`m hesitant to ask you, though,
because I don't want to hurt you any more than I already have. It would be
incredibly unfair of me to ask that of you."
John sat, stunned. They sat at the
kitchen table, shirtless, both a bit sweaty from the heat of the beach, their
hair wind-blown. Kent's skin still shone lightly from the sunscreen,
accentuating his muscles in the stark lighting of the room.
John's eyes started to water again,
and he whispered, "You don't have to ask. I've wanted that ever since I laid
eyes on you. At first, it was just your face and body, but I've fallen in love
with who you are. I want to do that for you."
"But John, I'm straight. I don't
think I can reciprocate like you need. I'd just be hurting you further."
"How about, for starters, we just
make it sex. I'll get you off. I'll get off just by being with you. You have no
idea what you do to me that way."
Kent smirked as he peeked over the
edge of the table to see John's hard-on filling his bathing suit.
"I think I have some idea. I'm
still so horned up, I could jack up a car."
Kent stood up, put his crutch under
one arm, and started down the hallway.
"Let's go to your room. Mine's a
mess."
The cold ball in John's stomach
turned to fire, and his chest felt tight. He felt as excited as he did when he
lost his virginity, and his cock ached with desire.
Kent dropped his bathing suit and
stood naked beside the bed. He looked like a statue brought to life. Leaning
his crutch against the doorframe, he lay down and moved to one side of the bed,
holding one arm out, beckoning John to join him.
As often as they showered together,
John was always covered, and neither man had seen the other hard. Kent had
never seen John's dick, and he was surprised at how large it was. Not as big as
his own, but larger than most men.
John asked, "Did you use a condom
with Alicia?"
"Yeah. You said I should. I thought
that might have been part of my issue, but I know now that wasn't it. I'm glad
I used one, though."
"Good. Me too."
John climbed onto the bed and lay
beside Kent.
Kent already breathed hard, and his
cock throbbed, matching his increased heartbeat. He was as horny as he had ever
been with a woman, and it surprised him.
"John, I want you to get as much
pleasure out of this as me. You can do whatever you want to me. Touch me in any
way, or any place you want. I trust you."
John swiped a tear that threatened
to leak down his cheek. Kent's willingness to expose himself to John and his
vulnerability in doing so with another man sent John to another place.
Tentatively, he began exploring
Kent's body. John had washed him before and felt his muscles, but never like at
this moment. Now he was touching him with genuine desire, and it changed
everything. Kent's cock kept flexing, and precum oozed from the head, dripping
onto his taut stomach.
"I'm sorry, Kent. I want to draw
this out, but I'm about ready to explode. I want to get you off quick, and then
we can take our time."
The look on John's face, his tender
but firm touch, so unlike a woman's, sent a signal from Kent's heart straight
to his dick. He sucked in his breath when John's hand gripped his cock,
stroking him and smearing his precum over the head and shaft. John began
kissing Kent's chest, slowly going from side to side and taking each nipple
into his mouth briefly, causing another shudder. John felt Kent's cock react at
the stimulation.
Moving down his abs, John kissed
each one, but Kent's cock was long and thick, and John's mouth quickly found
the object of his desire. He opened his mouth and took Kent in.
Kent cried out, "Oh, God, John.
Fuck!" as one hand found the back of John's head, running it through his short
hair. John's tongue swirled over and around Kent's cockhead, focusing on the top
few inches. With his other hand, John stroked the shaft below his mouth.
The sound that came out of Kent
almost sounded torturous as he exploded, filling John's mouth with his load. He
kept cuming and cuming, spewing out nearly a year's worth of pent-up need and frustration.
John's eyes bulged at the sight of
Kent's reaction to his orgasm. His body turned a deep red as every muscle
tightened in pleasure, and veins popped out on his neck, upper chest, and
shoulders. His arms bulged, and he thrust his cock as far into John's mouth as
he could. After his first few spurts, John took his full length, swallowing to
massage the head.
Kent collapsed, out of breath, with
his cock still in John's mouth and throat. He kept repeating, "Oh, fuck," as he
came to grips with what he just experienced. John withdrew his cock, cleaning
off the cum, but Kent's cock still pulsed, trying to pump out even more cum.
John held his cock reverently,
caressing it with his hands and massaging his balls. As Kent's breathing
slowed, John moved his hands up over his abs and chest, enjoying the feel of
him. Kent's chest hair was matted down with sweat; his body shone from the
intensity still moving through him.
John formed a sheath with his hand
and ran it up and down Kent's cock, using the spit and cum as lube. He kept Kent's
cock hard, and his pleasure didn't stop. John paused only long enough to move
beside Kent, pulling him partially on top of him, so he was cradled in John's
arms and one leg. In that position, Kent could rest his head against John's
shoulder, and John could rub Kent's upper body with one hand while stroking him
with the other.
Neither man spoke. John was
fulfilling a fantasy nearly a year in the making, and Kent was being pleasured
in a way he had never imagined. He had sex with women, and it felt good, but
nothing like what John was doing to him. It hit Kent that no one he had ever
had sex with cared about him as deeply or intensely as John.
Fuck. I didn't know an emotional
connection made such a difference. It doesn't say much about me, does it?
Kent's pleasure continued from John's
sustained stroking. He used long, slow, steady strokes, slightly twisting his
hand at the head. Kent had never been edged before. Like most guys, when he
jerked off, he made it fast, but John drew his pleasure out. No woman had ever
done that to him or for him. Most of the women he had been with didn't even
like his cock. He rarely received blowjobs, and he was larger than average, so
most women couldn't take his full length. Alicia was an exception, and he felt
sure he would have been able to cum with her, but it didn't happen.
The way John touched his body and
muscles was almost reverent. After another half an hour, Kent came again. After
his first orgasm, his second one wasn't as urgent, but John drew it out, and
Kent had plenty of time to recover. He sprayed his abs and chest with cum when
he came, and got quite a bit on John, too.
John rubbed most of it into Kent's
sweaty body hair, but he leaned down to clean off Kent's cock with his mouth
again. Kent didn't fall asleep, but was so relaxed he didn't want to move. John
rolled him over and spooned him, holding him snuggly, rubbing his arms and
shoulders. He rested his chin on Kent's shoulder. The room reeked of sweat and
cum, which John found euphoric.
After a while, Kent said, "Jesus... I
don't know what to say. That was incredible. No one's ever done that to me
before. Thank you."
John chuckled and said, "I'm not
finished, I'm just letting you recover. There's one more thing I want to do. I
don't know where we go from here, Kent. You said I can do whatever I want. This
is really more on you, but I want you to fuck me. Just this one time. I have to
know what it feels like to have you inside me, and I want you to know what it
feels like to be in me."
Kent didn't expect that, but he
should have. His buddy Will talked about getting fucked. He said he was
versatile but liked to bottom. Kent knew what it meant, but never understood
how that could feel good on the receiving end. Will told him fucking a guy's
ass was way better than pussy, too.
I guess I'm about to find out.
John lay facing Kent, with one arm
propping his head up. With his other hand, he touched Kent like he always
wanted. He brushed his hair off his forehead and ran his fingers over his manly
face. He caressed his ears and neck and ran his hands through the hair on his
chest.
It didn't take long for Kent to get
hard again. John's touches drove home how much he loved him, and that knowledge
went straight to his dick.
Kent said, "I've never done this
with a guy. Do I need to use a condom?"
"No, I flushed myself out. Don't
ask me why. I don't want anything between us. I haven't been sexually active
for almost two years, and my last test before that was negative on everything.
I know from your medical records you don't have any momentos from Afghanistan.
"Let me guide you in. I'm out of
practice, and I'm going to be tight. Once you're in, you can continue however it
feels best to you. Just remember one thing... I'm not Alicia. I'm a man, and I'm
strong. You don't have to be gentle. I want to feel you on top of me."
"Jesus, John. You make it sound
hot."
John grinned, "It will be. I want
this to be the best sex either one of us has ever had."
John lubed up Kent's cock and his
own ass and straddled Kent's stomach. Kent lay back with his arms above his
head, and John took in the sight. With one hand, he guided Kent to his entrance
and placed his other hand on Kent's chest to support himself.
The head went in right away, and
John gasped, "Fuck, you're big." The pain was sharp, and it took a minute to
lessen.
"I don't usually use poppers, but I
think I need to."
Leaning over, he opened his
nightstand and pulled out a small bottle.
"What's that?"
"Amyl Nitrate. It's a vasodilator
and helps me open up. I may get a bit dizzy when I use them, so you might need
to hold me up for a few seconds."
John loosened the cap and took a
long whiff in each nostril. Warmth spread through his body, and a slight
euphoric feeling. The pain was still there, but much less severe, and he pushed
out, taking half Kent's length in him.
Kent didn't know what to expect,
but he gasped at the heat and tightness around his cock.
"Jesus, don't stop, John. I've
never felt anything like this. Your ass feels alive. It's gripping my cock."
John waited a few seconds, pushed
out again, and sank all the way down. He felt every vein and contour of Kent's
cock inside him. His ass molded itself around Kent's perfect, beautiful cock.
Slowly, he started to move up and down, and Kent made the cutest noises as he
breathed.
"I'm ready now if you want to turn
us over."
Kent could hardly wait and
manhandled John like he weighed nothing. He did what John wanted and put his
full weight on him, driving his cock as deep as he could. He held it there at
first, acclimating to the sensation. It felt too good to stay still, so he
started moving his hips slowly and steadily, trying not to shoot, never wanting
the feeling to end.
He breathed into John's ear, "You
feel amazing, John. I never knew it could feel like this."
The angle of Kent's cock made his
shaft hit John's prostate. John remembered that feeling and felt like he was
about to cum. John could tell by the urgency of Kent's moans and his thrusting
that he was getting close, too.
"Kent, let me turn over. I want to
see you over me."
Kent didn't withdraw and spun John
over. The image of Kent's incredible body, dripping sweat, his muscles in
motion as he thrust into John, was every fantasy of John's come true. When Kent
couldn't hold it any longer, he lay on top of John, holding still while he
filled John's ass with his cum. John came at the same time, and Kent felt his
cock spurting between them.
After the emotions of the day and
the sex, both men fell asleep together, holding one another.
Chapter Four
Where Do We Go From Here?
John woke first, and sudden panic swept over
him as he wondered if everything was another fantasy he lived out in a dream.
The feel of Kent's warm body against him, and the smell of the sheets, told him
it was real.
It happened.
The sun was just rising, and he
heard the waves on the beach. Kent still lay partially on top of him.
I've missed sleeping with another man. What
I wouldn't give to wake up to this man every morning.
John felt apprehensive about Kent's state of
mind when he woke up. John's bladder was about to burst, so he extricated
himself but ended up waking Kent.
He smiled, "Morning."
"Good morning."
Kent followed him into the bathroom, and they
both pissed into the bowl.
I'm standing with Kent, naked in the
bathroom, taking a piss. This can't be real.
They both remained quiet, each wanting the
other to say something. They made eye contact and started to laugh. Returning
to the bed, they lay on top of the sheets.
John tentatively asked, "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine, John. Last night was incredible.
Thank you."
"Where do we go from here?"
"John... the sex was over the top. I get what
my buddy Will used to tell me. I feel closer to you than ever, but I'm not sure
that's enough for you."
"It'll be enough if we can keep doing this."
"I don't want to lead you on. You can't put
your life on hold, hoping that something in me will change. I'm not wired the
way you want me to be."
"Do you really believe that? Or are you
repeating what you tell yourself about how you're supposed to feel?"
Kent raised his eyebrows and said, "That's a
good question. I don't know."
"In the big picture, does it matter? I want
you to be happy, Kent. That hasn't changed from the first day we met. I want
you to be healthy and whole and able to move on with your life. I want to be a
part of that life more than anything."
"I'll never be whole... I don't mean that in a
bad way, so don't freak out on me. John, I'm closer to you than I've ever been
to anyone. I want to stay friends. Can you promise me it won't fuck with you if
we stay friends with benefits? But I don't want you waiting on me. If some guy
comes along who's right for you, you need to be available."
John became teary-eyed at Kent's words and
said, "I'll try. Let's get you through everything first, okay? There's one
rule, though, that I can't break. We can't fool around at the hospital. It's
too dangerous, even late at night. My career would be over if we got caught."
"I understand. I go to your place a few
times a week anyway. We'll make up for lost time then."
Kent smiled when he said that, and his arms
tightened around John.
John said, "Let's jump in the shower and hit
the beach. This is our last full day to get some sun. We need to head out
tomorrow after lunch. I'll do all the laundry in the morning."
Kent pulled John closer and pressed his
hard-on against John and asked, "Can we get off before we shower?"
John moaned and said, "I think I created a
monster."
"Yeah, this is your fault. You broke that
barrier, and now it's time to pay the piper."
"I want to do something a little different.
Let me get behind you."
John maneuvered them so his back was against
the pillows, with Kent's back against his chest.
"I want you to jack off for me. I want to
see how you get yourself off, so I can make it better for you."
Kent felt John's erection against his back,
hard and hot. John handed him the bottle of lube, and he dribbled some on his
cockhead and let it run down the shaft. John's hands started caressing his
shoulders and chest.
"God, you're so beautiful. You have no
idea."
Again, John's emotions seemed to bleed
through his touch. No one had ever loved Kent like John seemed to, and the
sensation went straight to his dick. John used his fingertips to lightly rub
Kent's nipples, and his cock surged involuntarily.
His gasp brought a chuckle to John, "You
should have told me your nipples were sensitive. It adds an entirely new
element to make you feel good."
John wrapped one arm around Kent's head,
running his fingers through Kent's hair and across his forehead while his other
hand ran through the auburn hair covering his chest.
The bright sun leaked through a break in the
curtains and had moved partially across them, and it hit Kent's cock and across
his abs and partially over his chest. The heat felt good, and his lubed-up cock
shone brightly in the dim room.
John continued holding and caressing Kent
while he stroked, watching his cock intently. Occasionally, he kissed the top
of Kent's head or temple and pressed his hand more firmly on his chest. The
comfort, physical and emotional, that John brought to the simple act of Kent
jerking off elevated it to something more.
"Take your time. There's no hurry. Enjoy
this."
Like everything he did throughout Kent's
tenure at the hospital, John's coaching was for him. In about ten minutes, Kent
picked up his pace, and his body started squirming. John loved to see his abs tighten
with pleasure and how the muscles in his arms, shoulders, and chest flexed. He
watched Kent widen his thighs, pushing his cock upwards. When he came, he shot
over his shoulder and hit John's chin. He had worked up a sweat, and John
smelled him. Kent's musky smell turned him on. The sun brought out the deep
auburn of his body hair, and John could see his skin shining underneath the
hair.
Kent lay still for a moment to catch his
breath, and then he rolled off John and reversed their positions. He cradled
John in the same manner and said, "You're turn."
John was already close, and the feel of Kent
against him, his powerful arms holding him, triggered John's impending orgasm.
He grunted as his cock spurted ropes of cum across his chest. Kent patted his
chest and smiled.
"Now it's time for a shower."
"We need food too, so I'll make some omelets,
and then we can hit the beach."
While Kent watched John make breakfast, he
asked, "Why am I not allowed to swim? I'm a great swimmer."
"Dr. Hiner's orders."
"Does it have something to do with my scars?
Like salt water isn't good for them?"
"I don't like to speak bad about Dr. Hiner,
but if he has one flaw, it's that he's too timid sometimes. Your scars are
healed. They will still tighten and shrink with the right treatment, but they
are deep."
John knelt and gripped Kent's stump,
examining the scars where his flesh was literally folded and stapled to seal
it. Kent was meticulous about applying the lotions he was provided to keep the
tissue pliable, heal better, and keep the area clean.
When John looked up, Kent had this hurt
puppy look that he often got when he was told he couldn't do something he
wanted to try.
John couldn't help but laugh and said, "You
fucker."
Standing, John said, "Okay, here's the deal.
We have to make a pact here. Dr. Hiner cannot know you went swimming in the
ocean. When we get out, you need to rinse off immediately. There's an outdoor
shower at the end of the ramp. We'll take your lotions, dry your leg, and apply
them after you rinse off. I want to be extra careful here."
Kent fist pumped and said, "Fuck, yeah.
Thanks. I love swimming."
"The undercurrent here is pretty strong, so
be aware. The water is also cold, so prepare for some major shrinkage. Also,
the tide is high right now, but the water isn't more than chest deep unless you
go far out, which you will not do. You'll be able to swim to your heart's
content."
The morning was fun for both of them. Kent
did swim like a fish, and he quickly adapted to only having one leg, using his
stump to effectively help maneuver in the water. John enjoyed the sight of his
wet muscles. He began to tire after half an hour and crawled out of the water.
John handed him his crutch, and he made his way to the shower. The crutch was
awkward in the sand, but he managed.
John brought a higher SPF cream and got hard
when Kent let him rub it over his body. Kent returned the favor and commented,
"Jesus, John, you're a horny fuck. You're almost as bad as me."
"Let's stay out here another hour and then
go in. We can rinse off and have some fun, and then it'll be time for lunch.
Then we can come back out if you want."
John used his iPhone to set a timer so they
could turn over. Kent was right about tanning fast. In just a day and a half,
John noticed him getting darker. Any redness he had from the previous day had
tanned overnight, and he was already building on that.
They remained quiet while lying on the
blanket, each lost in his own thoughts. Both of them became hard on and off,
thinking about the sex that was about to happen. When John's phone went off the
second time, they gathered their blanket, towels, and lotions, and went inside.
John went into the bathroom to clean out, and then they bantered and hung shit
on each other while John threw lunch together. When Kent finished, he stood and
hopped to the sink to clean his plate.
"Just leave it in the sink. I'll get it
later."
Turning, Kent laughed when he saw the head
of John's cock sticking up out of his bathing suit.
"Someone's ready."
Kent stripped off his bathing suit, and his erection
slapped against his abs. One of John's kinks was hard cocks that stood up
against the body. All cocks were nice, but he preferred guys who stood at
attention and didn't hang. Kent's pointed straight up and already leaked
precum.
As soon as they entered the bedroom, Kent
asked, "Can I fuck you?"
John set the lube on the nightstand and got
on all fours in the middle of the bed.
"I'll take that as a yes."
Kent set his crutch against the doorframe
and hopped to the bed. He had to use John's body to help him leverage his
position.
John said, "Put some pillows under your
stump."
Kent did, and his cock perfectly aligned
with John's ass. Lubing himself first, he then used a few fingers to ensure
there was plenty on John. Kent looked down at John's muscled back. His broad
shoulders tapered down in a nice V-shape to his trim waist. His ass was solid
too, and Kent had to use his hands to spread his cheeks apart.
"I've never really complimented you on your
body, John, but you're a fucking stud. You were already big when we met, but
all the hard work you put in helping me has paid off."
Kent rubbed the head of his cock over John's
hole a few times and smacked his ass with his cock. He liked the sensation and
the sound. John wiggled his ass a little and pushed back.
Leaning forward, Kent gripped John's
shoulder with one hand and guided the head of his cock with the other. As soon
as his head was in, he gripped John's other shoulder. John tensed at the
initial sting, and sweat popped out on his back. The room was warm and dim, and
their sweat made it more humid.
John moaned, "Fuck." His voice expressed the
discomfort.
Kent stopped pushing and rubbed John's back,
massaging his shoulders to help him relax.
"You okay? You wanna use those poppers
again?"
"Yeah, I think I need to. I don't want to
use them all the time."
With John's first deep inhale, his ass loosened
some, but Kent waited until John was ready.
"Okay, push."
Sinking to the hilt, Kent closed his eyes
and threw his head back. John's glorious, warm hole wrapped around him again. He
moved his hands to John's waist and started a slow and steady motion. Looking
in the mirror, he saw his muscular body, shining with sweat, fucking his
closest friend. The image reinforced what he was doing, and that John not only
allowed it but wanted it.
"What can I do to make it better for you?"
"It already feels good, but when I'm on my
back with my legs up, your cock hits different. It rubs over my prostate, and
it's incredible. If you do it right, I'll cum hands-free."
Kent started to pull out to change positions,
but John said, "Keep doing this for a while."
Kent started to feel the strain in his bad
leg, and he leaned forward, pressing his chest against John's back. John
flattened his body so Kent draped his full weight on him, and wrapped his arms
around John's chest and neck from behind, holding them tightly together. Kent's
ass flexed and tightened with each thrust, and John matched his movement,
squeezing with every thrust.
The sensation of Kent's hard, hairy body,
covered in warm sweat, made John's cock surge. The sound of the bed creaking
filled the room, and Kent alternated between going slow and sensual to full-on
pounding.
Kent was a machine. John knew how strong he
was from working out together, and like everything Kent did, he put everything
he had into it.
After twenty minutes, John said, "Let me get
on my back."
Kent pulled out briefly, and they
repositioned, with Kent bridging himself over John. He knew John liked to see
his body. They made eye contact and both men smiled. John cupped Kent's face
and brushed the hair back off his sweaty forehead, then his hands moved to
caress his arms, shoulders, and chest, getting off on the sight of the tension
in his muscles as he held himself up. John wrapped his ankles around Kent's
waist, and with his ass angled right, he gasped when Kent started hitting his
prostate.
Kent grinned, "Found it. Hang on."
Kent started long, steady strokes at that
angle, and John squeezed his eyes shut as he gasped with each hit. It didn't
take long before he said, "I'm cumming!" and he shot all over his stomach and
chest.
When he came, his ass muscles clenched down,
and the sensation triggered Kent to drive his cock all the way in and stop as
he spent his load. John felt each pulse, and the two men held tightly onto each
other through their orgasms.
Kent stayed on top, holding John, and he
felt John's breath against his neck. He wasn't sure if the sex would be as good
the second time. He knew it would be good, but it felt even better. He never
imagined sex with another man could feel so incredible. Kent's body count of
women wasn't that high... he had gone into the Marine Corps young, and with two
deployments out of the country, the opportunity for sex wasn't there. But the
women he had been with were nothing like John. They weren't as physical and
into his body like John was. They made it about them and not him. The exact opposite
of John.
He finally rolled off, but John stayed
against him, one leg draped over his, and his head on Kent's chest. He didn't
want the physical contact to end, and Kent had to admit he liked it too.
Kent exhaled heavily and laughingly said,
"Fuck, me. Thank you again."
John said quietly, "Don't thank me. It's not
about that."
"I wish I understood what you get out of
it."
"Have you ever been in love with someone?"
Kent had to think about it, and quickly came
to the realization that the answer was no. It upset him, and he choked up, "No.
How fucked up is that? I love my buddies like brothers, and you, but I've never
been in love."
"Whenever that happens, you'll understand. I
wish you could see yourself like I do, Kent."
While they talked and cuddled, John's hand
worked its way down to Kent's cock, and started playing with it. Kent got hard
again, and John kissed his way down Kent's chest until he was at his cock, and
took him in his mouth.
Like everything John did, he made it about
Kent and pleasured him in a way that blew his mind. He wondered how many guys
John had been with to be as skilled as he was.
Kent didn't try to hold back, and John got
him off after only a few minutes. He noticed John was hard again and held him
while he jacked off. Just touching John intimately while naked together did the
trick. It made him sad for some reason, but he didn't say anything.
Both men were relaxed after releasing a few
loads and chilled out in the sun, sipping beers. Occasionally, they reapplied
the sunscreen, lathering it over each other and rubbing it in. They were just
two buddies helping each other out in public, and there was nothing sexual
about it.
After dinner, they watched the sunset
together. John seemed a bit melancholy about their weekend coming to an end. It
was a life-changing time, and he wanted it to last forever. Kent now knew he
was gay, and they were having sex. He had Alicia to thank for it and planned to
call her soon and explain everything.
For dinner, John made orange-glazed chicken
stir-fry with vegetables and brown rice. In the middle of eating, Kent almost
choked when he started to laugh. After drinking a big glass of water, John
asked, "What brought that on?"
"I just had a stupid thought, but it struck
me funny."
"And..."
"I wonder how your ass can stay so tight
when you keep pulling all these amazing recipes out of it."
John blinked and then started laughing too, which
started Kent laughing again. Kent had to swipe the tears out of his eyes from
laughing so hard.
Laughing, he said, "That's not silly, it's
fucked up. Funny, but fucked up."
Once dinner was done and the kitchen
cleaned, John said, "I have one more surprise, if you have any interest.
Tonight's kind of chilly, so we can have a fire if you want. Mom always keeps
everything to make s'mores, too, if you want something sweet for dessert."
"Hell, yeah, to both."
"There's a fire pit around the side of the
house. There should be plenty of wood. Follow me."
The fire pit was larger than Kent thought it
would be and was obviously well used. It wasn't one of those small prefab kinds
from Home Depot. This one was hand-made by someone well-skilled at stonework. Iron
grates were stored in the small shed with the wood and supplies for cooking.
The chill of the air made the fire pleasant,
and the smell of burning wood brought back memories to Kent. They had one
s'more each, but their diet wouldn't allow for more, and Kent even said, "We're
gonna have to work those off this week, but they were so worth it."
John found fires relaxing, and he let his
thoughts drift, but he could only think about Kent and how things would work
out over time. The fact that Kent couldn't love him back would take time to
settle in. In the short term, sex and intimacy fended off his sadness, but he
knew it would come back soon enough, and probably worse. As happy as he was
this weekend, he feared the long-term effects on his heart.
Kent observed John. As a Recon Marine,
details and observation were ingrained into him. Once John professed his
feelings, Kent was more observant. He read John's body language and watched his
eyes, and he was afraid for his buddy.
Out of the blue, Kent said, "I'm sorry,
John, that this is so hard for you."
"You didn't do this. I did it to myself. I
even tried to guard against it, from the first time I saw you, before you woke
up."
"What do you see in me? I don't get it."
"You have no idea how you affect people,
Kent. Your physical presence is imposing enough, but with your looks, you draw
people in without realizing it. There isn't a dry vagina among the nurses when
they see you."
"Are you fucking with me?"
"I wish I were. Even the married ones want
to have your babies."
Kent went silent for a moment before he
said, "I'm just me."
John sighed and said, "Yeah, you are. And
that makes you even more attractive."
John chuckled and teased, "There was a pool
among them on how big your dick is.  And if you were cut or uncut. My God, they
wouldn't leave me alone for the first few weeks. I finally had to throw them a
bone."
Kent looked stunned and asked, "What did you
tell them? You didn't take any pictures of me while I was unconscious, did
you?"
John actually sounded offended.
"Fuck, no. I'd never do that. No, I told
them you had a micro-penis and lost both balls."
Kent burst out laughing, "You fucker."
"Hey, at least they lost interest after
that. Until one of the surgical nurses ratted you out. I told her she could
lose her job for a HIPAA violation, and sent her packing."
Kent shook his head, "Goddamn. What the hell
kind of hospital am I in?"
"One filled with horny, frustrated women."
"I'm glad I got you, then."
"Me too, obviously. Dr. Hiner may not seem
aware, but he's very astute. He knows I'm gay and assigned me to you. He knew
I'd protect you from the Amazon Nurses of Death that work there."
"Is any of that bullshit you just spewed
real?"
"You'll never know, unless you torture it
out of me."
They continued to laugh, and the
conversation stayed light. Around midnight, the fire died down, and John
stopped feeding it.
"It'll burn itself out by morning. Come out
to the beach with me, I want to show you something."
Grabbing his crutch, Kent followed. The tide
was out and there was no moon, so it was eerily dark. The waves were audible,
but invisible in the darkness. All the houses but theirs were dark.
"Close your eyes and wait."
"How long?"
"It takes a few minutes. Not long."
Finally, John said, "Open your eyes and look
up."
Kent had seen it before, in the dead of
night, out in the hills and away from any city in Afghanistan.  The spiral arm
of the Milky Way was clearly visible overhead. Savannah was so far away that no
ambient light washed out the stars.
Kent stayed silent, staring at the beauty in
the night sky.
John said, almost to himself, "It makes me
feel very small and insignificant, but it also gives me hope."
"Hope for what?"
"That I'm not alone. In all that space,
there has to be someone for me."
The sadness in John's tone tore at Kent's
heart.
<><>
After they woke the next morning, they had
sex again, and John made them breakfast. He started laundry, and then joined
Kent on the beach for another few hours of sun. The plan was to shower, eat
lunch, pack, and head home. John let Kent drive again.
They drove to the hospital and got Kent
situated in his room.
Both of them seemed a bit melancholy about
the trip ending. What happened at the beach house touched both men deeply and
would be with them the rest of their lives.
As John turned to leave, Kent said, "Hey,
John, close the door a sec."
He did and came back, and Kent grabbed him,
pulling him into a tight embrace.
"Thank you for the weekend. For all of it.
It was the best time I've had in years. Maybe ever"
John didn't want to get emotional and
embarrass them, so he hugged Kent back and said, "You're welcome, and me too,
so we're even."
The disparity of their feelings for one
another went unmentioned, but it was there. However, the upside was still acknowledged.
John whispered, "You'll just have to keep it
in your pants until the weekend."
Kent laughed, and John left. Once he got in
his car, he cried.
<><>
John had a hard time not spilling the beans
about Kent's first prosthesis. The next afternoon, after Kent's morning
therapy, Dr. Hiner came in. Kent wore his shorts and tank top, and his usual
sleeve covered his stump.
Dr. Hiner winked at John, who knew it was
time, and he said, "John, would you mind?"
Smiling, John took off, leaving Kent
confused.
"What's going on?"
"One moment, Mr. Moore. Before John comes
back, let me examine your leg. Please remove your sleeve."
Dr. Hiner performed a thorough visual exam,
and wearing gloves, he carefully palpated all around the stump.
"I'm very pleased with your progress."
"Thanks, doc. My leg feels great. With
John's help, I've actually been able to gain strength in that leg. I didn't
think that was possible."
"Yes. I commend your efforts, and John's."
John returned holding something wrapped in a
sheet. With a flourish, he whipped off the sheet to reveal Kent's first
artificial leg. It was state-of-the-art, made from a combination of carbon and
titanium.
"Stand between the balance beams, please,
and we will see how it fits."
Kent was overwhelmed with emotion and
started to tear up. The leg represented freedom from that cursed crutch and
marked a significant step toward living independently. The leg was a simple
socket fit, custom-made from a mold taken a month earlier.
"You need to be careful not to overtax the
tissues. Your leg isn't accustomed to supporting your weight. John will manage
your schedule, but I recommend not exceeding two hours today, and you can add
an hour every other day. If you notice any soreness, stop immediately and check
for swelling. I know you're anxious, but please pace yourself to avoid
setbacks."
Overwhelmed with emotion, Kent struggled to
regain his composure. John patted his shoulder and said, "This has been a long
time coming. All the hard work you've put in has prepared you for this. You're
one step closer to getting out of here."
Happy to see Kent so elated, Dr. Hiner left
him and John to begin his new therapy.
John grabbed his clipboard and said, "Okay,
some of this will be new to you. As simple as it sounds, you need to learn to
sit in a chair and stand up. When you have that down, we'll move on to some
other basic motor skills."
Kent was surprised at how tough it was.
Everything he relied on with two healthy legs no longer felt the same. His
frustration was evident, but John kept him calm and focused, and he adapted
quickly.
"It's basic muscle memory techniques, just
new ones."
Kent ended up sitting and standing for a
whole hour, and he was sweaty by the time they finished.
John held up his hand for a high-five and
had a shit-eating grin on his face.
"I'm proud of you, buddy. Let's work on some
more complex moves, then wrap it up for today."
<><>
It was challenging to keep himself in check,
but Kent didn't want any setbacks. He could tell when his leg was getting tired
and would stop before any soreness set in. He gradually increased his time over
the next month until he could wear the prosthesis for most of the day.
John always planned a big steak dinner on
Saturday nights for all his hard work. Afterward, they had sex, and then slept
together and stayed naked in bed most of Sunday. Once Kent was comfortable with
his new limb, John bought game tickets to any sports events Kent liked. Kent
was slowly adapting well, and John saw his time with Kent coming to an end.
The following Monday morning, 10:00 am came
and went, and John wasn't anywhere to be found. During their entire time
together, he was always punctual and often early. By 11:00 am, Kent went to the
nurses' station and found Barbara.
"Has John called? He's an hour late."
Barbara tried John's cell phone, but it went
straight to voicemail.
Another hour went by. Kent went to the Rehab
room and started his exercises, but he was worried and not focused. He heard
someone running down the hall, and Barbara rushed into the gym, crying.
"John's been in a car accident. He's in
surgery at Gwinnett Medical."
Kent's world stopped, and his chest
tightened to the point where he could hardly breathe.
He heard himself ask, "How bad is it?"
"I don't know any details, but if he's in
surgery, it's not good."
John grabbed his bag and pulled out his
phone as he asked, "How far is Gwinnett Medical?"
Barbara said, "I'm sorry, but you can't
leave unescorted."
"Can you take me?"
"Not right away."
"Then try and stop me."
Kent stormed out of the room to the
elevator, sweaty and dressed in his gym clothes. He called an Uber and waited
outside the hospital's front entrance.
Chapter Five
Big Changes
Kent couldn't concentrate. Very little
scared him, but he was terrified for John.
You have to be okay, fucker!
The idea of John being gone debilitated him.
It was even worse than losing his best friend in the war. Kent wasn't aware of
the tears in his eyes until the Uber driver asked him, "Hey buddy, are you
alright?"
Swiping at his eyes, Kent said, "I'm fine."
The driver didn't look convinced. They were
headed to Gwinnett Hospital, so it must be serious for someone like Kent to
shed tears. Tipping the driver on the app, Kent quickly got out of the car. His
leg wasn't built for running, so he sort of skipped every few steps but managed
to reach the main desk.
"What room is John Littleton in?"
The nurse typed in his name and asked, "Are
you family?"
Kent lied and replied, "Yes."
"He hasn't been assigned a room yet. He's
still in recovery and probably will be for some time. He'll be on the tenth
floor if you want to wait there. What's your name, and I'll let them know
you're waiting."
"Kent Moore."
She looked at him questioningly, and he
said, "We're half brothers."
That seemed to satisfy her, and Kent left,
mumbling about damn stupid rules.
<><>
Sitting in the waiting room, Kent reflected
on how much his life had changed since losing his leg. Pain, trauma, and
self-pity had initially overwhelmed him. Each surgery removed more of his leg,
and he feared that eventually it would be gone entirely.
Then he woke up to John, who refused to
tolerate his bullshit. John pushed back, not accepting self-pity. Kent was
physically larger and stronger than John, but John was much tougher. Now
knowing that John was gay and how he felt about Kent, many things started to
make sense. But at the same time, Kent now understood how painful it was to do
those things out of love for someone who didn't love him back.
Fuck. He hurt every day by helping and
caring for me. For loving me. Even now, I'm making this about me and not him.
I'm afraid of losing him, but I need to focus on him. He needs to know I'm here
for him.
Kent waited in silence, invoking the
patience that made him good at his job as a Marine. Finally, a nurse stepped
into the waiting area and called, "Mr. Moore?"
Kent stood as quickly as his leg allowed and
went to her.
"Mr. Littleton is in his room now. He's
still unconscious, but when he wakes up, he's on some strong pain medication
that might make him groggy."
"Do you know what happened?"
"Sorry, no. Dr. Grisham will stop by to talk
to you soon."
Kent entered John's room and froze, staring
at his heavily bandaged body. The room appeared filled with wires and monitors.
Half of John's face was covered, and his head was bandaged from his forehead
up.
Pulling a chair closer, Kent sat as near as
he could. John's arms lay still at his sides. Kent's heart ached at the sight
of his best friend, and new tears began falling uncontrollably down his face.
"Mr. Moore?"
Kent turned to see a middle-aged man wearing
scrubs and a surgical cap. His hand extended, and John took it.
"I'm Dr. Grisham, John's surgeon."
"What happened?"
"We don't know any details of the accident
yet. Once Mr. Littleton is conscious, he'll need to make a police report. He's fortunate
to be alive."
"Will he be okay?"
"John sustained a severe head injury, which
created an intracranial hematoma. The bleeding was excessive and required
immediate surgery. I relieved the pressure, but there is still bleeding. We're
going to keep him under close observation. If it doesn't resolve on its own, we
will have to operate again."
"What about his other injuries?"
"He received a severe laceration to one eye
and has three broken ribs. Neither of those is life-threatening and will heal
in time. I don't believe there will be any vision loss, but scar tissue may
develop. If it does, there is a simple procedure to remove it."
"So his head injuries... no lasting effects?"
"Unless complications arise, no. It will be
a good sign if no further swelling occurs in the next ten to twelve hours."
Kent sat holding John's hand, staring at his
best friend. He desperately wished for John to wake up and be okay. Suddenly,
John's body twitched and he began to convulse. Kent's combat instincts took
over, and everything slowed down as adrenaline flooded him.
He bellowed, "HELP! I NEED A DOCTOR!"
Nurses arrived immediately and ordered him
out of the room. Dr. Grisham was there, and Kent heard his urgent commands.
Within a few minutes, John was wheeled out and returned to the OR.
Kent's chest tightened to the point that he
could barely breathe. He had never felt so helpless. A nurse saw him and
approached. She watched this large, strong man, crying and lost, and said,
"He's in good hands. All we can do is wait, so why don't you take a seat. Can I
get you anything? Would you like some water or coffee?"
Kent let her guide him to a seat in the
waiting area, and he sat down. He couldn't speak, but he shook his head no.
"If you need anything, come to the desk."
She left him in silence, but when he finally
spoke, he quietly mumbled, "I need him."
His leg hurt, so he took off his prosthesis.
He looked at his stump and the artificial leg. In a bizarre way, he equated
John with his prosthesis. It supported him and connected him to a life he
desperately wanted. Kent had been so terrified when they kept removing more of
his leg, fearing there would be nothing left of it. John got him through that,
supporting him in ways Kent didn't even realize. John held him up when he
needed it most, and now that he realized that he might lose John, he couldn't
live without him. John was his leg.
I've been such a dumbass.
The conversation he and John had at
Tybee Island, when Kent told John that he was straight and couldn't love John
back the way he wanted and needed, replayed in his head.
John's voice, crystal clear, came
back to him:
"Do you really believe that? Or
are you repeating what you tell yourself about how you're supposed to feel?"
He's right. I keep telling myself I can't
love him because I'm straight. Not in the way he needs. Another barrier my
fucked up brain put up to keep me from seeing what's right in front of me.
With his epiphany, Kent admitted to himself
that he not only loved John like a brother, but he was also in love with him.
With his admission, his self-imposed barrier shattered, and the feelings he had
suppressed filled his heart.
God, I've been such an ass about this. I
was willing to fuck him, but not love him. How can he love me when all I do is
hurt him?
Kent's eyes leaked more tears, and his
shoulders shook as he put his head in his hands. Another hour passed, and
people came and went. The one constant was that almost everyone cried for
whoever they were there for. A well-dressed elderly couple entered and sat
nearby. Always alert and observant, Kent was stunned when he looked closely at
the woman's face. She had to be John's mother.
John's father appeared stoic and didn't cry,
but his mother kept dabbing her eyes with a tissue. She noticed him staring,
and he cleared his throat, asking, "Are you John's mom and dad?"
Mary's voice was quiet and gentle, "Yes, we
are. And you are?"
"I'm Kent Moore, a friend of John's."
"Oh! You're that young man he's been working
with? The one he took to Tybee Island?"
"Yes, Ma'am. That's me."
Kent put on his leg and stood to shake hands
with John's father.
"Kent Moore, Mr. Littleton."
"I'm John, and this is my wife, Mary. Do you
know what's going on?"
"I only know he was in a car accident. He
hurt his head, and there was bleeding. He was out of surgery, but while I sat
with him, he had some kind of seizure, and now he's back in surgery."
Mary's hand went to her mouth, "Oh, my."
"I don't have any details about the
accident. John was supposed to meet me at the hospital this morning, and I got
worried when he didn't show up. He must have been wearing his name tag, and
someone called the hospital to let them know he was hurt. I came as soon as I
could."
Mr. Littleton said, "I'm surprised they let
you in to see him."
"I lied and told them I'm his brother. I'm
not sorry about that, but I understand if you don't want me here."
Mary said, "John's spoken of you quite a
lot. I can tell you mean a lot to him, and he would want you here."
"Thank you, Mrs. Littleton."
"Call us Mary and John."
To pass the time, Kent recounted his story
of waking up from surgery to John telling him good morning, and how he didn't
put up with his attitude. He told them how good John was at his job and how
close they had become.
"That sounds just like our Johnnie. When he
makes a friend, boundaries go out the window. It's caused him no end of
heartache over the years."
Mr. Littleton said, "The patient he had
before you nearly did him in. We were worried about him."
Kent said in a declaration that surprised
even him, "I can assure you, Mr. Littleton, that is not the case this time. I
know this isn't the time or place to talk about this, but when I got here and
saw John in the bed, all bandaged up, I realized how much he means to me. I
love your son, and I'll tell him if he makes it through this. I wouldn't be
here if it wasn't for him."
Mary teared up and patted Kent's hand. Her
hands were so tiny compared to his.
"I can't tell you how happy we are to hear
that. Our John is special. As his mother, I'm supposed to say that, but beyond
that, he's selfless, caring, and strong. I've worried about him so much,
especially when he was overseas."
Mr. Littleton said, "Son, take my advice. If
you meet someone who devotes themselves to you wholeheartedly, don't push them
away. Hang on to whoever that is, because it's rare. When John called to ask
about using the beach house, he said he wanted to take his current patient
there, but I could tell there was more to it. I can read my son like a book. If
he makes it through this, I only ask that you look after him like he's looked
after you. If you love him, hold him tight and never let go."
Kent's voice expressed his determination,
almost like a challenge, "If he makes it out of this, I intend to tell him how
I feel. I've been an idiot, and it took something this extreme to realize my
feelings for him. I'll hold him so tight he won't be able to breathe, and I'll
never let him go."
Dr. Grisham approached and introduced
himself to John and Mary, then nodded to Kent.
"I don't have much news, I'm afraid. We
stopped the additional bleeding that caused his seizure. Similar to before, the
next ten to twelve hours will be critical. His chances improve greatly if he
doesn't have any more incidents during that time. He's in recovery and won't be
back in his room for a few hours, so if you need to leave briefly, now would be
a good time."
"By the way, Mr. Moore, I received a call
from a nurse at Piedmont, where you are currently a patient. You lied about
your relationship with Mr. Littleton."
John's father interjected, "He stretched the
truth. He and my son are like brothers, and we want him here. As far as we're
concerned, he's family."
"I see. Then that's settled. You are, Mr.
Moore, still in trouble with the staff at Piedmont. You weren't supposed to
leave the facility unescorted. A nurse is coming to stay with you so you can
remain here."
"Thanks, doc."
A short while later, Barbara arrived. She
hugged John and Mary, then sat with them while waiting for John to be moved to
a room.
Kent said, "I'm sorry about rushing out."
Barbara smiled, "No, you're not, and I don't
blame you. With the look on your face, I wasn't about to try and stop you. I'm
here as long as you want to stay, and then I'll take you back to your room."
"Thanks, Barbara."
"I want to be here too, so it works out for
both of us. Johnnie's been my work bestie for a few years now, and he's like
family."
Kent started to tear up again from worry,
and Barbara looked at him shrewdly.
Putting a hand on his, she leaned in close
and said, "He's going to be alright. Johnnie's strong. He'll pull through
this."
"God, I fucking hope so. I don't know what
I'll do if he doesn't make it."
With an astute look, Barbara asked, "So you
finally figured it out, huh?"
"Yeah."
"You know, John's language has really gone
downhill since you showed up. He was like that in the military, and you brought
that back in him."
Kent chuckled and said, "Sorry, when it's
just us guys, we tend to revert."
"Just make him happy, Kent. If you can make
his heart as happy as his ass, he'll be one lucky man."
Kent's eyes bugged out, and he blurted,
"What!?"
"Honey, John tells me everything. I'm his
big work sister. I know every detail of your anatomy and how you used it on him
that weekend."
Kent blushed ten shades of red and mumbled,
"Jesus."
"Don't worry. I'm not a gossip like most women.
Anything John tells me is just between us, but you owe me a few dozen batteries
for my vibrator."
Kent didn't know how to respond other than to
blush and grin.
<><>
Once John was moved into a room, only two
people were allowed at a time, so his parents went first. It was still some
time before his good eye opened, and he mumbled, "Mom? Dad?"
Mary burst into tears and held his hand,
saying, "We're here, sweetheart."
Confused, John asked, "Where am I? What's
going on?"
His father said, "You were in a car
accident, son, and hurt very badly."
"I... I don't remember."
"Never you mind, honey. You just focus on
getting better. Your father and I are staying just down the road, so we'll be
close and see you every day."
His father put a hand on John's arm and
squeezed it slightly, "There's someone else here who wants to see you, so we'll
go back to the waiting room for a few minutes."
"Who?"
John and Mary stepped out, and suddenly Kent
filled the doorway. He wore his tank top, which showed most of his strong upper
body, and his gym shorts. His prosthetic leg somehow made him seem even more
powerful. What surprised John were the tears streaming down Kent's face. He
moved to John's bedside and took his hand.
His hands feel so warm.
Kent tried to say, "Hey, buddy," but choked
up.
John still sounded groggy and asked, "What's
wrong? Why are you crying?"
Kent broke down and started sobbing, and he
leaned down until their faces were only inches apart. John cupped Kent's face
in his hands and let him cry.
When Kent could talk, he said, "I thought I
lost you, man. I didn't know what I was going to do. You have to be okay. Fuck,
I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry. It's okay."
Kent stood up and took both of John's hands
in his. His grip was warm and firm. John got the surprise of his life when Kent
leaned over and kissed his forehead, and then, with their faces close, with a
fiery intensity, Kent said, "I love you, John. I'm sorry it took something like
this to make me realize it. I'm in love with you, fucker, so you better make it
out of this."
A big tear dripped from John's good eye, and
he said, "Oh, God. Kent..."
"Don't say anything right now, John. I had
to tell you right away, so you know. I'll be here as much as I can. I broke
some rules to be here. Barbara's here, so I can stay. I'll be here as often as possible
until you get discharged."
John seemed speechless, but when Kent
started to stand up, he said, "Wait. Bring your face back down here."
Kent did as he was asked, and was surprised
when one of John's hands went behind his neck and pulled him into a kiss. It
was gentle, and hot as hell at the same time, and Kent immediately got hard. Kent
moved his hand down, felt how hard John was too, and smiled, "I'd say this is a
good sign. I wish I could do something about it. Let this be motivation to get
better. When you get out of here, I want to do everything to you that you do to
me. You have my heart and my dick, John Littleton."
John felt like he was in a dream. Kent gave
him the only thing he truly wanted – his heart – and John's elation was
unimaginable.
But his dick sure doesn't hurt.
John laughed at himself because
Kent's dick did hurt, at least at first. But once he was in...
Holy Shit.
<><>
John's recovery took nearly a month. He
suffered no vision loss in his eye, and his ribs healed before he was
discharged. His biggest problem was not having a car, since his was totaled in
the accident. His insurance didn't cover the full replacement cost, but his
parents chipped in and paid the difference. Barbara and Kent picked up John's
new car at the dealership, and Kent drove it to the hospital to pick John up.
With John's recovery, even though it bent
the rules, he filled the role of a Piedmont escort for Kent to be out of the
hospital. Barbara's final comment before she drove off was, "John just got out
of the hospital. Don't put him back in by going crazy on his ass his first
night home."
Kent pulled a small bag from his backpack
and tossed it to her. She burst into laughter when she saw it was a twenty-pack
of Eveready batteries.
Kent pulled up to the front entrance of
Gwinnett Medical, where John waited in a wheelchair. He was fully healthy, but
it was another one of those policies that the hospital insisted on. Kent got
out and tossed the FOB to John so that he could drive his new vehicle.
John sat behind the wheel, looking at Kent.
Kent knew what he wanted and leaned over to kiss him. It was short but
passionate, and they both smiled as they pulled apart.
John said, "You're a good kisser."
Pulling out of the parking lot, he said, "I
want to go home, but we need to stop at the store. I have a few prescriptions I
need filled, and I don't have any food for dinner. Everything in the fridge is
probably spoiled by now."
"Me and Barbara cleaned out the fridge. If
you don't want to cook tonight, we can order out. We can swing in, get your
meds quickly, and beeline it home."
"That was thoughtful, thank you."
"I admit it was Barbara's idea, but
I helped."
As soon as they walked in the door of John's
apartment, he dropped his bag, and Kent dropped his backpack. Turning to face
each other, Kent pulled John against him, just like he told his father he
would, and he squeezed the breath out of him. John jumped and wrapped his legs
around Kent's waist, holding onto his powerful shoulders. Kent didn't flinch
and held his full weight while he squeezed him.
"God, you feel so good. I've wanted to do
this for so long, but I didn't want to push you into doing something you didn't
want to do."
Kent sighed, "I want to hold you as often as
you want from now on. You feel good to me, too, John. It's not one-sided. I'm
past that. You're a handsome fucker, John Littleton, and you're mine."
John grinned and said, "Do you wanna mark
your territory? Like right now?"
Kent walked them down to the bedroom to do
just that.
<><>
They made love all night, and Kent jacked
and sucked John off multiple times. He wasn't ready for John to fuck him yet,
and he might never be, but it didn't matter. John was in heaven with what Kent
did to him and how he made him feel.
John didn't have to return to work for
another week, but he went in anyway to be with Kent, work out with him, and
assess his progress. Now that they were together, the sense of dread over Kent
being discharged no longer bothered them.
John had one last surprise for Kent, which
had been in the works for the last six months. The date of his efforts happened
to coincide with the day of Kent's official release from Piedmont. It went
unsaid that he would move in with John. He had nowhere to live, and they didn't
want to be apart. They would assess their financials together and determine
whether they would stay in John's apartment or move.
He received his DD-214 from the Marine
Corps, indicating an `Honorable' medical discharge. He was also notified he
would receive a Purple Heart and a few other medals for his service, as well as
a decent stipend for disability.
Kent's last day at Piedmont fell on a
Friday, and John had to return to work the following Monday, which left the
weekend. As they drove out of the parking lot, John said, "We need to make a
short road trip."
"What? Where?"
"It's a surprise. There's someone we need to
meet."
"Who?"
"If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise
now, would it?"
"I don't like surprises."
"You're gonna like this one."
John got on I-85 South, merged onto I-285
East, and then picked up I-675 South. After an hour, Kent asked, "Where the
hell are we going?"
"Patience, Grasshoppa."
"I'm gonna snatch that damn pebble from your
hand if you don't give me a clue."
John laughed and said, "I didn't know you
liked 'Kung-Fu'."
"I love vintage TV. It's way the fuck better
than the "Real Housewives" shit on today."
"You're full of surprises."
They continued their banter, hanging shit on
one another, and Kent noticed John exit onto Loop Rd, which circled the Atlanta
Hartsfield International Airport. Then he took the exit that read "Int'l Air
Cargo."
Kent mumbled, "What the hell?"
As soon as John turned into the "Livestock
Pickup/Delivery," Kent realized what was happening and blurted out, "No way!
John?"
Kent's chest tightened with anxiety and
anticipation. He figured out what was happening, and tears formed that he
couldn't hold back. He opened the car door before John had come to a complete
stop. Rows of kennels lined the area of the tarmac, and Kent let loose a
piercing whistle. One particular dog started barking.
"Ranger!"
Kent couldn't move fast enough. It took him
a minute to locate the right one, due to the echo and other noise. The kennel
was clearly marked. John caught up with him and had the paperwork in hand to
give to the air cargo worker who was fast approaching.
Kent opened the crate, and Ranger jumped into
his arms, wriggling excitedly. Kent could hardly hold him, and he knelt to keep
from dropping him.
"Oh my God, boy! It's you! John, how?"
Kent pushed his face into Ranger's fur,
smelling and running his hands all over him.
"When I contacted your old CO and arranged
for Miller and your other buddies to call you, I enlisted their help to get him
here. A few awesome non-profits help veterans bring home animals and service
dogs they served with. It didn't matter that he wasn't an official service dog.
I pleaded your case, and they accepted and even paid for it. He got all his
shots and spent almost six months in quarantine. I know he didn't like that,
but he sure seems happy to see you."
"You started this that far back? Before you
and me..."
"Yeah. You were having such a hard time with
things, I thought it would be a nice thing to do. It still is, but even more
now that we're together. We might want to consider moving to a house with a
yard now. Until then, we'll have to walk him and all that jazz. I've got food
and water bowls already at the apartment. I hid them from you, but he's set for
food, so we can just take him to his new home."
Holding Ranger's face in his hands, Kent
asked, "Does that sound good, boy? You wanna see your new home? This is John.
He's a standup guy, and your new dad, too."
John signed the necessary paperwork, and
they loaded up the kennel, and Ranger rode in the backseat. He started in the
back seat, but a few miles down the road, he jumped between the front seats to
sit in Kent's lap.
Kent couldn't believe the man beside him.
The man he could now openly admit he loved. On the ridge home, he couldn't help
but think about how lucky he was to have John, and now his dog, in his life.
He had three legs, instead of one, and
counted them as a blessing. He actually had four, because he still counted John
as one of them in a metaphorical sense, and the most important one. John showed
him the path to think that way. He counted himself the luckiest man in the
world and looked forward to his new life. It couldn't get any better.
The End
Email:
Brad Townsend -
bookofloagaeth@gmail.com
Twitter:
@Southguy49. It's an 18+ NSFW Account as you can imagine, but that's where I
hang out.  It's my only social media presence at this time other than
TikTok, but I only watch videos there and don't post anything.)
(I'm
no longer on Facebook)
Please remember to donate to Nifty, any
amount, large or small, is welcome in order to keep this free site available.
Donations can be made at the address below.
https://donate.nifty.org/