Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 01 Apr 2000 23:38:11 -0500
From: DJPaul
Subject: Chapter 6 of Gay Army Guys

Chapter Six All the Excitement is over.

So, I went downstairs to the cafeteria and got a sandwich and a cup of
coffee. It was ok nothing special. I of course was sitting there
thinking about Todd. What would I do without him? I love him so much I
would be crushed if he would die. I started to get myself overworked
with emotions so I talked myself out of the feeling that I was having. I
finished my coffee and sandwich and headed upstairs and go back in and
see Todd and see if he heard from the doctor. When I got back at his
bedside the nurse was just changing the bandage on his chest. " So, Todd
did you hear from the doctor yet?" "Yes Russ he was here. He told me
that when they took the biopsy they put it under a microscope and found
that it was just a deer tick that got stuck in my chest. And it got so
red because they carry a bad infection with them. So he told me that I
had nothing to worry about. And he said he would give me some medicine
for the infection. And to come back and see him downstairs in his office
next week." " Oh, Thank God Todd I was thinking of the worst things
while I was down stairs. I am so glad that you are going to be all
right." " All I could think of that it was one of those red spots that
you get when you have aids and I thought that you were going to die on
me. I don't know what I would do without you." " Hey Russ I am glad that
you brought me here or else I probably would have thought the same
thing."

Well seeing as though they made him put one of those stupid gowns on
because they were going to do the biopsy he had to get dressed so I told
him if he needed me I would be in the waiting room. " Oh, Russ please
stay and help me get dressed. I don't want you out of my sight right
now." "Ok, Todd I am here and I won't leave. Can I help you get dressed?
If we were in a different place I would be asking you if I can undress
you but that time will come." So I helped him get dressed and we waited
for the nurse to come over to give him his instructions to take care of
the wound on his chest. I sat on the edge of the bed and I could feel
Todd reaching under the covers and pinching my ass. " Hey silly what are
you doing down there?" " I just wanted to show my affection for you and
that is the only place where no one else can see." " Hey thanks sweets
but lets be careful until we get into my car." " All right Russ but I
owe you big time and your going to get it." " Sure, promises, promises
that's all I ever get." Todd was laughing so hard I thought he would pee
his pants. Well in any case I took Todd back to his barracks and made
sure that he was all right and then headed back to my barracks. I had
decided that if Todd really wanted to that at the end of our enlistment
I would offer to marry him. We love one another so much it is a shame
that we can't enjoy one another's company. Well enough excitement for
today. I am going to crash and burn in my cot and get some zzzzzzzz's.
Todd and I were due for another pass in two more weeks so we were
anxiously waiting for the time to pass. Well off I fell to lala land.

I woke up the next morning with a headache. I guess all the excitement
from yesterday caught up with me and I must have been dreaming about
Todd during the night. What a banger I had. I was afraid to open my eyes
because the sunlight would make it even worse. I decided to send a
message to my class with one of the other guys from my barracks to tell
the instructor that I was feeling good and would miss class today. You
usually can't get away with that in the Army but this is the first time
that I have done it so I was sure that it would be all right. As usual I
woke up with a huge boner and had to make my way to the bathroom. So I
barely opened my eyes and made my way to the latrine to take a piss. I
finished up and went back to my bunk. I had a little trouble getting
back to sleep but sooner or later I was off to dreamland. I woke up and
found Todd standing at my bed. "What are you doing here?" " You didn't
show up at the mess hall so I figured there was something wrong. So
after class was over I came here to see if you were all right." "Wow,
Todd I had the worst headache I woke up with it this morning and I could
barely open my eyes. I sent a note with one of the guys in my barracks
to class to tell the instructor that I wouldn't be there today. I never
expected you to show up in my barracks when I woke up." " Hey Russ I was
just concerned because I didn't see you today." " Hey Todd, can I ask
you a very personal question?" " Yeah, sure Russ anything." " When we
get out of here for good would you ever think about marrying me?" Todd
started to cry. " Oh my God Russ I never thought that you would ever ask
me that question. Of course I would marry you. I love you." Todd looked
around the room and the barracks were empty and he came over and gave me
a big hug and kiss. We were afraid that we would get caught so we just
kissed one another and then Todd got up off the bed. All I could think
about was spending the rest of my life with Todd. " Hey Russ how about I
throw you one better. How about we come out and tell everyone here that
we are Gay and then they will throw us out and we can get married right
away." " I know I just woke up Todd but I am awake and can't believe
what I just heard out of your mouth. You want to throw all this
knowledge in the garbage and just get kicked out of the service just to
get married." " Well, Russ it was just a thought. I didn't mean to upset
you." "You just took me by surprise that's all. If you are serious about
it I will think about it and get back to you." " Yes Russ I am serious
why shouldn't we be able to do what we want. Were not freak's. We just
love men. And I don't see anything wrong with that. As far as I am
concerned Russ I would do it right away just so that I could spend the
rest of my life with you. So we have to go get jobs and a place to live,
we could do that." " I guess your right Todd. I will tell you this, I
will think about it tonight and get back to you tomorrow with my
decision." " Well Russ at least you are willing to think about it.

So, Todd left and went to his barracks and I told him before he left
that I would see him in the mess for lunch tomorrow with my decision.
And then I straightened out my bunk and went back to sleep. At least I
got rid of the awful headache. Not that I didn't get enough pressure
yesterday with me thinking that Todd was going to die. Now I have to try
and go to sleep with this question sitting in my brain. Should we quit
and just go and get jobs and a place to live. And consider getting
married to one another. It's not that I doubt my Love for Todd its just
a lot to ask considering how much time we have in the service. But on
the other hand we have so much time left before we can get out of the
service and enjoy our lives together. Well this is a tuff one but I will
definitely think about tonight while I am lying in bed. Well I laid down
and tried to fall asleep but all I could think about was the decision I
would have to make overnight. I tossed the idea around most of the night
and then I finally fell asleep.

I woke up the next morning pretty much with my mind made up. I had
decided that if Todd really loves Me and he is willing to get married
then I will do whatever he decides. I am pretty sure I know what he had
decided. So off I went into the shower and get ready for class. I got to
class with about 5 minutes to spare and the instructor was there as
asked me why I didn't come to class yesterday. And I just told him that
I had a migraine headache and that I sent a note to the class for him
with Jim Reilly. He said he didn't get the note and was wondering if I
had quit the class. I told him no that I was just not feeling well
enough to come to class yesterday and that I would check in with Jim to
see why he didn't give him the note that I sent yesterday.

Well after getting a grilling from the instructor I really made my mind
up to quit the service. I guess your not allowed to be sick. Well class
had ended at 11:30 and I went to the mess hall to try and catch up with
Todd before we sat down for lunch. I saw him coming across the grounds
and I ran to him so we could talk without anyone else listening. " So,
Todd what have you decided?" " Well, Russ I have decided that I am
willing to give it all up so that we could have a life together. And
what did you decide Russ?" " As for me I look at it this way. If you are
willing to throw in the towel and you will marry me when we get out of
here I am willing to do the same. Are you willing to marry me Todd?" "
Of course, there is no doubt in my mind that I would marry you right now
if we could get someone to do it." " All right then, we will have to
take time tonight after dinner to discuss this in more detail. And we
have to figure out how we are going to do this and when." " I agree with
you so I will meet you at the canteen around 7." " That sounds good to
me. See you then." We went into the mess hall and took our seats, which
were on the opposite side of the room. As we don't eat together so we
don't get anyone's attention.

The rest of the afternoon seemed like it took forever. But finally, classes
were over for the day and I went back to the barracks. I was hoping that
when I met Todd at 7pm that he would have an idea on how we can get out of
this place for good. I laid down on my bunk and was trying to think of who
we should go and talk to. I thought that maybe I should go to my sergeant
and explain but I didn't think that he was high enough on the food chain to
be able to help me. Then I thought that maybe I could go to my captain, but
I never really see him much. That the light went off in my head. I know the
perfect person to talk to. I will recommend that we go and see the army
Chaplin. If anyone could help us and try and understand what we wanted to
do it would be the Chaplin. So I decided that, that would be my suggestion
to Todd unless he had a better idea. I wanted to do this with as little
humility that we could.

So, after deciding about whom we should talk to, I started getting excited
about the idea of just spending the rest of my life with Todd and how
wonderful that was going to be. I can picture us both working a full time
job and coming home to OUR HOME and sharing the responsibilities of the
house such as cooking, cleaning, Laundry and so forth. I can't wait to get
away from here so that we don't have to sneak around off base just to show
one another's love for each other. I really Love Todd with all my heart and
I would do anything for him just to make him happy. And I am sure that he
feels the same way. We have discussed in the past about when we get out of
the army and the things that we would like do but I never realized that it
would be happening so soon.

Well it was about 6:30 and I decided to walk over to the P/X to get some
gum before I meet Todd at the canteen. I walked into the P/X and low and
behold who was in there but the camp Chaplin. I so wanted to just go up and
talk to him but I thought it wouldn't be right. And, that I should wait for
Todd and we could go together. So I picked up my gum and went to check
out. Just then Todd was walking through the door he was coming in to pickup
the Newspaper. He was into current affairs and stuff in the News and it
just wasn't my bag.  So, I motioned to him that I would meet him next door
at the canteen. I went to the checkout and paid for my gum and went into
the canteen. Todd soon followed with the paper tucked under his arm. He
reminded me when I was kid how my Dad would always come home from work. One
hand had his briefcase and the other had the newspaper tucked under his
arm.  Well I found a booth in the back of the canteen and it was away from
all the other tables so that we could talk privately. Todd came over and
sat down and I could see that he was excited. He had a smile as long as the
George Washington Bridge on his face. He was just gleaming. " So, Todd did
you think of how we could go about doing this." " Well, Russ I had an idea
about going to talk to the army Chaplin since he was supposed to be
neutral." " I can't believe that Todd I had the same idea. How are we going
to approach this do you have any ideas about that?" " Russ, I think the
best thing that we can do is just go into his office and tell him that we
are gay. And that rather than us getting humiliated by staying in the army
that we would like to find a way to quit." " Wow, that sounds great
Todd. Now when do you think we should do this." "Well there is no sooner
time than the present Russ how about if we go and talk to him now?" " Do
you think that he will be able to talk to us now? Don't you think that we
need an appointment?" "What have we got to loose all he can say is that we
have to come back another time. So, lets get our buns going here and go and
try and talk to him now." " Sounds like a plan, let's go."

So, we headed over to see the Chaplin. We knew he was there because there
were lights on inside his cabin. I knocked on the door and I could tell
that Todd was getting nervous. Not that I wasn't of course. But he was
almost trembling. I had to calm him down before we went in so I said; " hey
relax will you. Your shaking like a leaf." " Sorry, I am very nervous I
will try to control myself." The Chaplin came to the door and asked who it
was and I identified myself and Todd and he opened the door and asked us to
have a seat. " Well, gentlemen how can I help you?" Well, Sir we are here
to discuss a delicate subject. You see Todd and I are Gay and we are tired
of having to wait to get a weekend leave just to show one another how much
we love one another. We came to you to ask you if there is any way that we
could possibly quit the army rather than, stay in the service and ridiculed
by our peers. Can you help us Chaplin?" Well gentlemen, that is a tall
order. I can almost guarantee you that you are not the only ones with this
dilemma. I have talked to many Gay Army Guys who have the same
problem. Yes, there is a way to get out of this Army but it requires a lot
of red tape. First of all, just so you don't forget, once you decide to do
this it will be a permanent mark on your name. You see the only way that
you can get out the Army without finishing your hitch is to get a
Dishonorable Discharge. And that will be on your record for life. There is
no way that you could ever have that expunged from your record. I really
think that you should take more time before making such a rash decision."
"Chaplin, we have discussed this and we have decided that in the best
interest for Todd and I that we would take the discharge if that is the
only way that we can get out of the Army." " All right then gentlemen if
you have made your decision then I will begin the paperwork. Just remember
there is no changing your minds once this paperwork is submitted to HQ."
"That's fine with Russ and I Chaplin we understand everything that you have
said and we would appreciate it if you would start the proceeding. Can you
tell us how long of a process this is? How long we will have to wait?" "
Well gentlemen once the paperwork get to HQ and they process it you should
be out of the army in 24 to 48 hours. However you will have to be patient
because writing up these documents takes some time. Maybe, a week. You know
how the Army is everything has to be done in duplicate and triplicate so I
will get started on this first thing tomorrow morning. I think that you
should check back with me in a couple of days just to see how things are
going." "Thanks so much Chaplin." "Yes thanks Chaplin." "Well gentlemen I
hope that you two are going to be happy with your decisions and that you
get to enjoy your lives outside of the military." "We will Chaplin and
thanks again."

We left the Chaplin's office and decided to go back to the canteen so that
we could talk some more. It was getting late and we didn't have much time
to talk but that was the only place where we could go and talk
privately. So, we went into the Canteen and the same table was still
available. So we went and sat down and starting talking about what we just
did. "So, Todd are you excited?" " Of course, Russ I can't wait to get this
over with. The sooner, the better. How about you Russ?" " I can't tell you
how happy I am. I am going to show you." So I got up and went and sat down
next to him and gave him a hug and a kiss. " What have we got to loose
now. I love you will all my heart and I want to spend the rest of my life
with you." Then Russ reached under the table and put his hand on my penis
and rubbed it. Of course as usual it got up right away. I couldn't wait to
be able to have sex with Todd again. So we decided that as much as we
wanted to jump each others bones right there in the canteen that we would
wait for our weekend pass and then have a fuck fest. I gave Todd a kiss
goodnight and of course he slipped me the tongue the whore. So I said
goodnight and we went back to our barracks. So now we started playing the
waiting game and we kept going to classes just like there was nothing
wrong. We didn't want to draw attention to ourselves until the paperwork
was filed. After that we didn't care one way or another whether anybody saw
us together.


*********

Writers Note: Well folks that is the end of chapter 6. There will only be
one more chapter to this story. And I think that you will agree with me
that this was the best way to take the storyline. Maybe someday when the
people in this world stop all the Homophobic stuff people who love the same
sex will not have to make any more sacrifices. Until then there will be a
lot of people in the closet. As usual I am expecting responses good or bad
about this chapter.

*********

If you haven't been there yet my website address is:
http://xdjpaul.tripod.com there are three of my other stories. And there
are 3 stories that a buddy of mine wrote. I hope you enjoy the stories.
Please by all means email me and tell me what you think of the stories
whether or not I should continue with a story or not. Email me at:
djpaul@surfree.com with any comments good or bad about these stories. And
by all means please sign my guest book so I can tell whom you folks are.

If you want to be informed about when the next chapter of this story is
due out then just email me with your email address and I will email you
back so that you have advanced notice.

Thanks again,
DJpaul

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sun, 27 Feb 2000 21:42:40 -0500
From: DJPaul
Subject: Gay Army Guys 5

Chapter 5 Laundry And Tragedy What A Combination

If there is one thing that I hate the most in life is the Laundromat. It is
such a waste of time. Go to the Laundromat put the clothes in sit there
until their done washing. Then put them in the dryer and sit there and
watching the clothes go round and round for some 35 mins. If it were cheap
enough I would just buy new clothes every week and throw the dirty ones
away. I know a lot of people would agree with me on that one. Complete
total waste of time.  Well anyway I was done for the week with my Laundry
so back to the barracks.

It was about time to go for dinner now so off to the Mess hall. If nothing
else I like going to Mess because at least there I could see Todd. Even
though we don't talk at dinner at least we have the pleasure of looking at
one another. I get so hot and worked up when I see him that I have trouble
controlling my little buddy in my pants. When I think of the sex that we
had over the weekend it just turns me on. It will be a while until Todd and
I can get away again.  Since we only get weekend liberty once a month. The
rest of the month we have two days off on the weekend but we are not
allowed to leave the base. So most of the time Todd and I just meet and
play some pool or if it is hot enough take a swim in the pool. It is so
hard for us to do things on base because of their stupid ass rule: Don't
ask don't tell. At night we usually go to the PX and watch TV, or if there
are other guys there we might play poker or maybe some ping-pong. And if we
have a big class on Monday we might just study together.  Anything to spend
some time together.

Well Dinner was over and I headed back to the barracks. I decided that when
I got back to the barracks that I would sit and read for about an hour
before turning in. But as usual the well laid plans of men fails again. I
walked into the barracks and I find Bill sitting on his cot crying like a
baby. So I said; "Hey Bill what's wrong." You remember I told you about my
friend that was in the car accident." "Yeah so" " Well he died about an
hour ago and I just feel terrible." I walked over to him and put my arms
around him and tried to comfort him. It took a few minutes to get him
calmed down. He said; " Hey thanks Russ I appreciate it that you took the
time to come over and hold me and try and comfort me." "No problem Bill
that's what friends are for." "So have they contacted your friends family
yet?" "Yes, the hospital told me that they spoke to his Mother and they
told her that they would make arrangements to have his body flown home on a
military jet. It really bothers me that I can't go to his funeral. I asked
my captain if I could leave the base to go to the funeral and he
recommended that I not go. He told me that it was emotional enough that I
had to hear about the death of my friend that it would be easier for me to
get past the loss. And that if I was to go that he was afraid that I might
go into a deep depression." "That really sucks. Are you going to go?" " I
don't know I would like to be there for his family but I have been thinking
about it and maybe the Captain is right." " Well, Bill I will be here if
you need to talk." "  Hey Russ I really appreciate that." With that Bill
came over and gave me a hug.  He was trying to control himself but I told
him; " Just cry and get it out of your system Bill." And with that he
started to cry again. Holding him really made me feel good. It's nice to be
there for someone when they are down. I got Bill calmed down after a while
and he gave me a kiss on the cheek just before he left. I really didn't
expect that but it was ok. I hope that he gets over this is a relative
short time because it could affect his training. Well, I went over to my
bunk and sat down thinking about Todd. I don't know what I would do if the
shoe was on the other foot and it was me going to Bill about Todd dying.
Wow that blows my mind. Just the thought of losing the best lover that I
ever had.  Wow that's something that I never want to face. I guess I will
try to spend a little more time with Bill to try and help him through
this. Well time to move on over on the cot and get some zzzzzz's.


Well it's Monday Morning and as usual I wake up with my little buddy just
about ready to bust. So off to the latrine, to empty it out. So there is
stand at the urinal with my dick in my hand taking a morning piss and then
Bill comes in. So I said to him;" Hey how are you feeling this morning
buddy?" " O.K. I guess, about as well as could be expected." "Well I am
glad that you are feeling a little better. Did you make up your mind
whether or not you are going to go to your friends funeral?" "Well, I kind
of have mixed emotions about that.  I really would like to go just to say
my last goodbye's and see his family." "  And then I understand what my
Captain told me and I tend to think that he is right." "So, I guess my
answer to you would be No I am not going." " I want to remember him the way
he was." As I was standing next to Bill, in the urinal, I just can't help
myself to look at his dick. In any case I was done peeing so I started to
leave the latrine when Bill called me. He said; " Hey Russ do you think
that there might be a chance that we could go out some weekend for dinner?"
I was shocked here this guy is supposed to be mourning the loss of his
friend and now he wants to know if I will go to dinner with him some
night. So, I said; " Well Bill most of my weekends off base are spent with
my lover Todd." But if you are really serious maybe we could go to the
canteen on the base for a burger or something some night." Hey, I
understand, sure I will be glad to go to the canteen with you." So I said;
" Good, then we will have to set a date and time then just to make sure
that we don't have any other plans that night." "O.K. Russ maybe sometime
we can do that. We can talk about it next week all right?"  "  Sure I am
looking forward to it." Well he finally left and I went into the shower to
get ready for class. Man I couldn't believe him. He was just talking about
his friends funeral and then he is hitting on me for dinner. WoW, that
blows me away. Oh well I guess we will see what cums of it. Well it's time
to go to class. I hope today goes quickly. I could use the rest between the
weekend with Todd and then doing the laundry and going through all this
with Bill has wiped me out emotionally.


Well, I got lucky today class really did fly today and I am glad that it is
over. I am going to take a nap before dinner tonight. So back to the
barracks for my much needed nap. I crawled on my bed and put my head down
onto the pillow I thought that I was in heaven.

I thought that I had been sleeping for hours when my sleep was interrupted
by someone shaking me trying to wake me up. It was Todd. I said; " Hey what
are you doing all the way over here." " I was lonely and just had to see
you." "  Gee Todd not that I am not glad to see you or anything but we just
spent the whole weekend together." "Is there something wrong baby?" "Yeah,
I guess you could say that. I think I am sick." " What kind of sick, flu,
cold what?" " I am not sure I woke up this morning with this red patch on
my chest. I don't know what it is and I am afraid to go to the hospital to
have it checked out." " Let me see what it looks like sweetie." When he
picked up his shirt and I saw the mark I was scared for him and me. I
said;" Todd I don't want to scare you but I think you should go to the
hospital to have this looked at." " But Russ I am scared will you come with
me?" " Of course if you like I would do anything for you, I love you and I
don't want anything to happen to you." " I love you too and I am glad that
you are going with me." So off to the Hospital we went. Todd was shaking a
little so I kind of put my arm around his shoulder as we were walking. I
could tell that he was very nervous. As, I was too.

We got to the hospital and walked into the Emergency Room and went to the
desk to check in. Todd was sitting down with a clipboard and filling out
the registration forms. I could see tears coming to his eyes as he was
filling out the paperwork. I took my fingers and wiped away the tears. Todd
said; " Thanks Russ you are wonderful friend and lover and I will love you
forever." At the time that we were talking to one another we were the only
ones in the reception area so I guess Todd felt that it was ok to talk out
loud. As for me I was just concerned for his health. I said; " Look Todd I
Love you so much and I know that you are scared but please sweetie don't
cry anymore. I will be here for you know matter what." " I know Russ I was
just thinking some bad thoughts and I started to cry. I am sorry." " Hey
Todd there is nothing to be sorry about you are entitled to your thoughts
and its really not a problem if you cry. I just want you to know that no
matter what I will do whatever I can for you." " I know you will Russ. And
I really appreciate that." With that a nurse came into the room and asked
Todd if he was done filling out the forms. He said; " Yes I am all done."
"O.K. then sir will you come with me?" Todd started to get up and walk with
the nurse and he turned to me an said; "Will you come with me Russ?" Just
then the nurse said;" I am sorry but only patients are permitted in the
Emergency Room but you could wait out here for him." " I said; " Thank you"
and with that Todd looked at me and he had a tear running down his face. I
guess he was really scared. I sort of threw him a kiss and he turned and
went into the E.R.

As usual when you are waiting for someone the time seems to just stop.
But, I know that examination and tests take a lot of time. So, I picked up
a magazine and started to read it. I guess that I had nodded off and there
was nurse trying to wake me up. She said; " Excuse me sir but you friend
would like to see you, would you follow me please?" I said; " Sure, lead
the way."  When we walked in the room I saw Todd laying bed with one of
those stupid gowns on. I looked at him and he started to cry. I said; " Hey
what's wrong buddy. C'mon don't cry. I am here now what did the doctor
say." I took a tissue and wiped away his tears.  "The doctor said that He
would have to run some tests and possibly have to take a biopsy of the mark
on my chest. I am so scared Russ. Please hold my hand?" I looked around the
room quickly to see if there was anyone there that I recognized and I
didn't see anyone. So, I sat down on the edge of his bed and took his hand
in mine. That brought a small smile to his face. I said; " Look, Todd the
only way that they can find out what this is, is to take tests.  Hell even
the best doctor can't tell you what it is that's on your chest with out
some kind of tests. So don't get so upset I am sure that it is standard
operation procedure to take the tests. C'mon, put that chin up now and try
and relax. I know it is easier said then done but please try. Try for me,
o.k."

With that Todd kind of straightened himself up on the bed and he looked a
little more relaxed now and he had stopped crying. I said; " That's the
Todd that I know and Love. Hey, I will stay here for as long as they let
me." Todd said; "I always feel better when you are with me I Love You so
much." So I said; " Yes I love you too but we kind of have to keep this
Love stuff kind of quiet while we are here O.K.?"  " Your right Russ,
sometimes I forget where we are when we are talking about loving one
another." " O.K. I will watch what I say from now on."  "Good me too, I
will try to be careful Todd." "Hey, Listen, I am just going to step out
into the waiting room I have to use the bathroom but I will be right back."
"O.K. Russ, hurry back O.K.?" " I will Todd just hang on tight I will be
right back." So off the John I went. All the time I am in there all I am
thinking about is what if anything ever happened to him and he died what
would I do. I don't know I guess I am getting ahead of myself here I better
take a reality check. I was done in the bathroom and headed back inside and
a nurse said to me; " Sir if you could just wait in the waiting area for a
few minutes the doctor is with your friend now taking a small biopsy of the
mark on his chest. As soon as he is done you can come back in. I will come
and get you." So, back to the waiting room again. I sit down next to a
table with magazines on it and I pick up a magazine called the New Yorker
and I look at the cover and there in huge red letters: Aids Strikes the New
York Metropolitan Area. Just, what I needed to see in the hospital with my
friend in the E.R. I took the magazine and ripped it in half and threw it
in the trash. That's all that I had to start to think about. Forget about
it. Just, after I ripped up the magazine the nurse came out and said that I
could go back in by Todd. So I went back into the room and I could see a
bandage on Todd's chest. I walked over and said to him; " What did the
doctor have to say?" "He said that the tests that they ran were not
conclusive and they would have to take the biopsy so that's what they did."
"  Did it hurt?" " No they sprayed some kind of stuff on my chest and it
kind of numbed the area and the doctor took just a very small piece of the
mark.  It was so small you could hardly see a bruise or cut. He put it on a
glass slide so I guess they are going to look at it with a microscope or
something."  "Good at least it didn't hurt you. He said he should have the
results back in about an hour. Why don't you go to the cafeteria and get
something to eat the nurse said that they were going to bring me a tray of
food for dinner." "Are you sure you are going to be all right Todd?" "Yes,
I feel a lot better now besides you can't go without eating something the
mess hall will be closed by the time you get out of here." So I said; " Ok,
if you say you are all right I will go get a bite to eat I am kind of
hungry. But I will be back as soon as I am done eating." " O.K.  Russ see
you when you get back."


**Well folks I have decided to make this a cliffhanger and see how many
people ask me what's going to happen to Todd. I have my other stories to
write also but stay tuned to find out what happens here. **


That is the end of Chapter 5 folks. I will be writing more about these two
guys in Chapter 6. If you haven't been there yet my website address is:
http://xdjpaul.tripod.com there are three of my other stories. And there
are 3 stories that a buddy of mine wrote. I hope you enjoy the stories.
Please by all means email me and tell me what you think of the stories
whether or not I should continue with a story or not. Email me at:
djpaul@surfree.com with any comments good or bad about these stories. And
by all means please sign my guest book so I can tell whom you folks are.

If you want to be informed about when the next chapter of this story is due
out then just email me with your email address and I will email you back so
that you have advanced notice.

Thanks again,
DJpaul

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Mon, 07 Feb 2000 18:30:28 -0500
From: DJPaul
Subject: Chapter 4 for Gay Army Men

Chapter 4 Sunday Morning

I woke up Sunday morning early around 7 a.m.  I turned over to find Todd
gone. He wasn't in bed. As a matter of fact he wasn't even in the room.
I got up out of bed and called for Todd but he wasn't in any of the
rooms. I looked and all of his clothes were gone. I couldn't imagine
where he had gone. He didn't have any keys to my truck. I quickly got
dressed and went down to the front desk. I asked the desk clerk if she
had seen my friend. She said;" I saw him earlier this morning, he asked
me to call him a cab. I said;"
Did he say where he was going?" She said;" No he didn't tell me where he
was going but, I think he talked to the bellhop, you might want to ask
him." I said;" Thanks I will ask the bellboy if he saw which direction
he was headed in.
I approached the bellhop and asked him if he saw which direction the cab
went in with my friend. He said;" I am not sure exactly where he was
going but he got into one of the local cabs. I have the number of the
cab company if you would like it." "I said thanks It would be great if
you could give me the number I would really appreciate it." The bellhop
said;" The number is 555-2500 and ask for Nate he is the dispatcher
today." I thanked him and asked the desk clerk if she could tell me
where the nearest Pay Phone was. She told me that the pay phones were
out in the vestibule. But she said that she could dial the number for me
and I could pickup the phone on the wall in the lobby. I thanked her and
she dialed the number for me. The phone on the wall rang and I picked it
up. I said;" My name is Russ Morgan one of my friends by the name of
Todd got picked up this morning at the Hilton Hotel can you tell me
where that cab was going?"
The dispatcher said:" Well to be very honest the driver said that they
were on the way to Fort Dicks but I should have heard from him by now.
Is there any number where I can reach you?" I said;" Yes, my cellular
phone number is area code 111-555-4162 I can be reached at number at
anytime." The dispatcher said;" O.K. I will call you the minute I hear
from the driver." I said;" Thanks so much I really appreciate that. I
will be waiting for your call." So, being as though we have to check out
by noon today, I went upstairs and packed my clothes and went down to
the front desk to check out. The valet brought my truck up front
And I jumped right in and headed for the base hoping that when I got
there I would find Todd and find out why he left. I was on The New
Jersey Turnpike and I had traveled about 15 miles when my cell phone
rang. I picked it up and answered the call. It was the dispatcher from
the cab company. He said" Mr. Morgan?" I said;" Yes this is Russ
Morgan." He said;" Mr. Morgan I don't quite know how to tell you this
but I got a call from the N.J. State Police. They reported that the cab
that your friend Todd was in an accident the cab slid off the highway
and went down an embankment." I said;" Oh My God was anyone hurt?" He
said;" Yes both my driver and your friend were taken to Fort Dicks to
the Army Hospital there. They were only two miles from the base when
they had the accident." I said;" TTTHanksss for the information I really
appreciate the call." By now I was in tears driving the truck. I pulled
into the next rest area just to compose myself and then I headed on down
the road to the base. By now I was about 5 miles for the exit to get off
the turnpike. I was driving at a good rate of speed but trying to drive
as careful as possible. I got off the exit and headed down the highway
to the base. It is only about 3 miles from the turnpike. I arrived at
the army hospital on base in about 15 minutes. I parked the truck and
ran inside and went to the reception desk and asked if Todd was here.
The nurse at the desk said;" yes, he is here but he is in critical
condition. Are you family?" I said;" No but he is my best friend and I
just have to see him." The nurse said;" Ok you can go up he is on the
fourth floor in bed 26 by the window in the intensive care room.

I ran to the elevator and of course it seemed like an eternity until I
got to the fourth floor. The door opened I flew over to the nurse's
station and ask where Todd was. The head nurse said;" Sir are you
family?" I said;" Todd is my best friend and I just have to see him."
The head nurse said;" Sir your friend is in very critical condition and
he is not expected to live through the night."
I broke out in tears and asked her to take me to his bed. She led me
into his room and he was so banged up that I could barely recognize him
with all the wires and tubes that were stuck in him. The nurse said;"
you can only stay 10 minutes. You are welcome to come back but visitors
to intensive care unit are limited to 10 minutes every hour." I said;"
okay and thank you." I reached over and picked up Todd's hand and I
started to cry uncontrollable. I asked him if he could hear me, but he
couldn't talk with all the tubes. He did however squeeze my hand. I
said;" I am here for you Todd. And I will be here all night if you need
me to be." He squeezed my hand again and I sat down beside him and just
held his hand and cried. I couldn't believe that this was my friend
lying here in this bed and there is nothing that I could do. I was
watching the meter that was attached to Todd and his heart rate kept
dropping. The alarm on the meter kept going off and one of the nurses
came over to reset the machine. I said to her;" Is it ok that this
machines alarm keeps going off?" She said;" Well it is not a good sign
but your friend is stable now. I am not sure that he is going to make it
through the night he is very weak."  I said;" Can you tell me what's
wrong with him." She said;" Only family members can get that information
from the doctors." I said;" Miss I am his only friend and his family
lives in Idaho. I would really appreciate it if you could set up a
meeting with the doctor that is handling my friends care." She said;"
She would see what could be done and get back to me." I said;" Thank
you" and continued to hold Todd's hand. About five minutes went by when
the head nurse came by to tell me that I had to leave but I could come
back up in an hour. So, I went downstairs to the coffee shop and tried
to eat something, but I wasn't too successful. So I had a container of
orange juice and just sat there thinking about Todd. Of course when you
are made to wait to do anything the clock hands don't move. I finished
up my juice and I went back upstairs to the fourth floor. They had a
waiting room just off the intensive care unit. I checked in at the
nurse's station just to let them know that I was back and to please
notify me when I can go back in the room. They said they would call me
when it was time. I sat down on one of the overstuffed chairs in the
waiting room and just broke down in tears. There wasn't anyone else in
the room. I heard the announcement for a code blue in intensive care and
I knew what that meant. It meant that someone was in distress and needed
immediate care. About 10 minutes went by when the head nurse came in and
asked me to come to her office. I went with her and she told me;" Sir
your friend has just passed away and did I have any phone numbers for
his family in Idaho." I was crying so hard I could barely talk. I said;"
I don't have the numbers on me but I could get them from the base." I
asked;" if I could go in and see Todd" And she said;" the nurses were
just unhooking him from all the tubes and that I could go in and see him
in about 10 minutes." I was so out of control crying that the nurse
asked the doctor on duty to give me a shot to calm me down. I said;" I
wouldn't be needing a shot I am allergic to a lot of medicines and would
prefer to just sit and try and relax." So the nurse said;" Ok I will
call you when it is ok for you to see your friend." The nurse came in
and told me that it was ok for me to go in and see Todd. I was quite
nervous because I had never really been in a hospital right after
someone died. I really wasn't sure what to do. So I went in the room and
they had the curtain closed around Todd's bed. I opened the curtain just
enough to get inside and then I closed the curtain. Todd looked
terrible. He must have really gone through some torture. His face was
all cut up and there were cuts on his arms also. I went over to the bed
and I picked up Todd's hand and I started crying and talking to him like
he could almost understand what I was saying. I was just about to lean
over the bed and give him a kiss when he grabbed my hand and squeezed
it. I couldn't believe that was happening and then all of a sudden I
sensed shaking and I heard a voice. I realized that I was waking up from
a deep sleep. There was Todd sitting up in bed trying to wake me up. He
said;" Hey what's wrong?" I said;" Your not going to believe what
happened in this dream." I said;" First I need a hug, then I will tell
you about my dream." "Todd I dreamt that I woke up and you were gone
with all your clothes and all. And the girl at the front desk said that
she called a cab for you and you left. Then I went downstairs to find
out from the desk clerk if she saw you. And she didn't know where you
were going but that I should talk to the bellhop, she said that you
talked to him. So I went to talk to the bellhop and he said that when
the cab left it was headed south. I got the number of the cab company
from the desk clerk and she called them for me." I was talking to the
dispatcher and he said that he didn't yet hear from the driver yet. So I
asked him to call me on my cell phone when he heard from the cab. I was
on the turnpike coming back to base when the cell phone rang and it was
the dispatcher at the cab company calling to tell me that The New Jersey
State Police had called him and said that the cab was involved in a
serious accident.
And that they had taken the driver and you to the Army base Hospital and
that you were in the intensive care unit. So I rushed back to the base
and went to the hopital to see you. I was only allowed to stay but 10
minutes per hour so that's what I did. The head nurse came in and said
that I would have to leave and then come back in an hour. I went
downstairs to the coffee shop and tried to eat something and have a cup
of coffee. I was done and went back up to the waiting room by the
intensive care room. I heard one of the nurses calling a code blue and
it was for your bed.  So after about Ten minutes or so the head nurse
came into the waiting room to tell me that you had passed away. I asked
if I could see you but she said that the nurses were unhooking all the
tubes and wires and that I could go to see you in about 5 minutes. So I
waited in the waiting room until one of the nurses came out to get me.
You were a mess man. You had cuts and bruises all over your arms and
face. I started to cry and I picked up your hand and then what I thought
was happening was that you were still alive. Except that it was you
sitting here holding my hand and you woke me up. I really thought that
you had died. I am so glad that it was just a dream I don't know what I
would do without you. I love you so much." Todd said;" I love you more.
And I don't know what I would do without you. You are such a big part of
my life." So we just laid in bed and held one another and I was crying
at the time and Todd just hugged me as tight as he could. We kissed and
held one another for about � hour. Then we decided to pack our bags and
put them in the truck and go into the restaurant downstairs for
Breakfast. We ate our meals and then jumped into the truck and headed
back to the base. We wanted to get back a little early because we both
had to do laundry before morning came and we had no uniforms to wear. I
pulled over in the rest stop just before our exit. I pulled into the
back corner of the lot so that we could say our goodbyes before getting
onto the base. So we sat in the truck and hug and kissed one another and
we told one another how much we liked this time together. So we headed
back onto the highway and back on the way to the base. I pulled into the
base and let Todd off so he could go to his barracks, which were in the
beginning of the base, and mine were almost to the rear. I parked the
truck and went into my barracks. I put my bag down on the bed and Bill
Robinson who I was with in the shower the other day was in his cot and
he asked me;" So how was the weekend away from this shit hole." I said;"
I had a great weekend and can't wait for the next weekend pass. By the
way how was your weekend?" Bill said; it was ok but the person that I
was supposed to go see was in a accident and he was intensive care." I
said;" So what does your friend do for a living and how did he end up in
intensive care?" He said;" his friend is a cab driver and was returning
to camp with one of the other soldiers and slid on the ice and the
passenger and him were hospitalized at the base hospital." I said;" Oh
MY GOD, I had that very dream last night." Bill said;" I can't believe
that. What a coincidence, that's scary man." I said;" what was the
soldier's name do you know?" Bill said;" it was one of the guys from
across the camp." I asked around and found out that the guy was in
intensive care and he died." I said;" that's pretty scary because the
dream that I had the guy died also." What a weird feeling I got in my
stomach. So I said to bill;" Well I have to go over to the Laundromat
and do some wash because I don't have any more uniform shirts clean." So
he said;" Ok take care see you later." I said;" ok I will catch up with
you later. Off to the Laudromat.


That is the end of Chapter Four folks. I will be writing more about these
two guys in Chapter Five. If you haven't been there yet my website address
is: http://xdjpaul.tripod.com there are three of my other stories. And
there are 3 stories that a buddy of mine wrote. I hope you enjoy the
stories. Please by all means email me at: djpaul@surfree.com with any
comments good or bad about these stories. And by all means please sign my
guestbook so I can tell whom you folks are.

If you want to be informed about when the next chapter of this story is
due out then just email me with your email address and I will email you
back so that you have advanced notice.

Thanks again,


DJpaul

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Fri, 04 Feb 2000 22:46:59 -0500
From: DJPaul
Subject: Chapter 3 of Gay Army Guys

Chapter 3 Saturday

It was about 8:30 Saturday morning when I woke up. Todd and I always get a
good night sleep when we stay in hotels on leave because during the month
we only sleep on these skimpy cots that the army provides. Todd was still
asleep so I carefully moved the covers so that I could get out of bed. I
quietly went into the other room and got dressed. I was trying to be as
quiet as I could as to not disturb Todd. I finished dressing and went
downstairs to the restaurant.

I ordered breakfast for both of us. And I asked them if they could put it
on a tray so that I could give my friend breakfast in bed. The girl was so
nice she went out of her way to put a bud vase on the tray with some
flowers in it. I thanked her and paid for the food and headed back
upstairs. When I arrived in the room I heard Todd stirring around so I went
into the bedroom and he was sitting up in bed. I said;" Surprise, breakfast
in bed." A big smile came over Todd's face. He said;" How do you always
think of ways to make me happy." So I said;" I love you and would do
anything for you especially to make you smile."  Todd said;" I love you
too, someday I will do this for you." And of course I said;" That would be
nice but I do this because you are a very special person in my life." I
climbed on the bed to join Todd and we had breakfast together. I only
ordered scrambled eggs toast and coffee for breakfast, as I knew we would
have a big lunch or dinner today. I was eating some eggs when Todd took a
piece of Toast and put it in my mouth. So I did the same thing to him. We
kind of liked to do those things to one another like that just to show how
much we care for one another. We finished breakfast and we jumped into the
shower together and of course one thing led to another and we ended up
having oral sex in the shower. We decided that we should get out of the
shower and continue our sex in the bedroom. So back to bed we went. I began
to start stroking Todd's dick and it got hard almost instantly since we
were just fooling around in the shower.

I took the tip of his dick and I started to lick it really fast. After a
couple of minutes I swallowed the whole thing and started to really enjoy
giving Todd a blowjob. I swirled my tongue around the head of his penis and
he started to moan and groan and I knew it would be only a minute or two
until I started to enjoy the semen that would be coming out of his dick. He
moaned a third time and my mouth was filled with that wonderful white
cum. I swallowed the whole amount and he came all over again. So I
swallowed that too. I figured that he was done because his dick was
starting to get soft. So I pulled my mouth away from his dick and crawled
up on the bed and started to kiss him. We were in the heat of the moment
when Todd slipped his hand down onto my dick and started to get me hard. He
then went down on my penis and started to give me a great Blowjob. He
really knows how to get me off. He does some stuff with his tongue that
really gets me wild. I sort of started to fuck his mouth because I was so
excited. I only have a 6inch dick so I didn't have to worry about gagging
him to death. He kept sucking and sucking and all of a sudden I gave out
this tremendous moan and I shot my load in his mouth twice. He licked every
bit of it off and continued to suck my dick. I kind of motioned to him to
come up on the bed and he took my dick out of his mouth and came up to the
top of the bed and we started kissing again very very sensual. I slipped
him my tongue and he did it to me also. Todd was getting very hot again and
his dick was getting hard just like mine so we decided that we would have
anal sex. First Todd would do me and then I would do him. Anal sex wasn't
my favorite but it did bring me to climax many times, as Todd is very
talented and very gentle. When we were done having anal sex. We decided to
go take another shower and not fool around just take the shower and get
dressed so we could enjoy the rest of the day.


We got done in the shower and got dressed. Todd was a pretty neat dresser.
Always having every thing wrinkle free and his shoes were shined to the
nines.

As for me I have to do that all month long on the base so I just packed
some t- shirts and Jeans and I brought a pair of sneakers with me. We went
downstairs and asked the valet to bring up my truck. So he did and we got
in the truck. The last time we were in this area we found some gay clubs so
we decided that we would try out one of those clubs to see what the
atmosphere was like. I pulled into the parking lot of this club named
Feathers. Of course it was like 2pm so there weren't many cars in the
lot. We got out of the truck and went inside. Of course as usual for these
type of clubs it was pretty dark inside. There were a few gay couples
sitting at a couple of the tables and there was like three guys sitting at
the bar. We opted to sit at the end of the bar away from the other
guys. The Bartender came over and asked what we would like to drink. I just
ordered a coke and Todd ordered a Ginger Ale. We didn't want to start
drinking alcohol early in the day because we have to drive back to the
hotel. The bartender kind of gave us a look when we ordered soda but it
didn't matter to us. The soda's were $3 bucks apiece so it didn't matter to
us. We were sitting talking when one of the guys from the other end of the
bar came over and asked Todd if he wanted to dance. Todd refused saying:"
Hey sorry but I am here with my lover and I am not interested in dancing
but thanks for asking." So the guy went back to his seat at the other end
of the bar. Then I asked Todd if he wanted to dance and he said yes. So we
headed out onto the dance floor.  They had a DJ playing music and he was
playing a slow song when we stepped out onto the dance floor and we grab
one another and started to dance. Todd started to nibble on my ear and that
got me hot. So I reciprocated and did the same to him. Then we kissed each
other. Todd of course slipped me the tongue. We had been dancing for a few
minutes and the tempo of the music picked up so we took our seats at the
bar. Todd and I are not fans of fast music. We tend to dance only to the
slow songs. About 15 minutes went by and the DJ played another slow dance
so Todd and I joined the dance floor. While we were dancing we decided that
this would be our last dance and that we would finish our sodas and leave
the bar.

So we did just that. It was now around 4pm and we decided to go out for
dinner so we started driving around looking for some place to eat. Todd
noticed that there was a Sizzler Steak House so that's where we headed for
dinner. We both ordered the filet mignon and we pigged out at the salad
bar. After dinner we headed back to the Hotel for the night. We arrived
back at the hotel around 8pm.

We went up to the room and we changed into some comfortable pajamas. We
turned on the big screen TV and cuddled up on the couch. Todd was lying
with his head on my chest and I started playing with his brown hair. I know
that he likes to have his hair played with I knew that it would relax
him. We just sat there most of the night watching different Television
shows. Todd fell asleep in my arms and I just leaned back on the pillow on
the couch and rested my head on it. I fell asleep not too much longer after
Todd did. I woke up and looked at the clock and it said 3 a.m. Also, Todd
was gone he was rolled up under the covers of the bed. I guess he had woke
up during the night and didn't want to disturb me so he covered me with an
afghan that was on the back of the couch. So I quietly made my way into bed
and tried to get comfortable without disturbing Todd. Finally I found my
spot where I was comfortable and fell back to sleep.


That is the end of Chapter Three folks. I will be writing more about these
two guys in Chapter four. If you haven't been there yet my website address
is: http://xdjpaul.tripod.com there are three of my other stories. And
there are 3 stories that a buddy of mine wrote. I hope you enjoy the
stories. Please by all means email me at: djpaul@surfree.com with any
comments good or bad about these stories. And by all means please sign my
guestbook so I can tell whom you folks are.

Thanks again,


DJpaul

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Thu, 03 Feb 2000 00:14:35 -0500
From: DJPaul
Subject: Chapter two of gay army guys

Chapter 2 The Weekend

Well it's Friday 4pm. And the Weekend has arrived. I told Todd that I would
pick him up with my 4 x 4 at the entrance to the Camp. As I packed my bag I
was getting excited just knowing that Todd and I were going to be able to
spend the weekend together without worrying about what we do or say. I was
kind of getting a little horny. It was hard for me to control myself just
because it has been a month since I was able to get liberty for a weekend
and be with Todd.

As I pulled up to the gate I could see Todd smiling ear to ear. He through
his stuff into the back of the truck and jumped in the front seat just like
a little kid. As we pulled out of the camp Todd leaned over and gave me a
peck on the cheek. I told him;" I know it's hard for you to control
yourself but we are not far enough away from camp to be doing that. Anybody
could be watching." Todd said;" ssshhheeesh sorry about that." I said; "
Hey don't take it the wrong way we just have to be careful that's all." " I
love you baby there is no doubt in my mind that you love me as well, I just
don't want to get caught." Todd reached over and grabbed my hand and said;"
I apologize I didn't mean to jump on you like that, all though I can't wait
to JUMP ON YOU." I said;" yeah me either. We only have about a
thirty-minute drive so why don't you pick out a CD and put it in the
player." So he did. He chose my very favorite CD. Elton John Greatest
Hits. As we were riding along singing the songs with the player, Todd moved
over to sit close to me. It didn't matter now know one would know who we
were. He put his head on my shoulder and started to cry. I said;" What's
wrong baby?" Todd said;' Nothing that either one of us can fix." I said;"
What do you mean what's wrong. Todd started to cry uncontrollable now and I
pulled the 4 X 4 over and held him in my arms. In between jaunts of tears
and emotions he said;" I love you so much and I find it so hard to have to
wait until we get a pass once a month just to spend time together." I
said;" I know sweety but there isn't much that we can do about it right
now. I have one year left and you have 14 months to go yet." Todd said;" Do
you ever think about chucking the whole idea of being in the army just so
that we could live together and get regular jobs and spend the rest of our
lives together." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I always thought
that I would have a career in the service and retire from the service after
20 years, but I didn't say that to Todd. I said;" Listen, there is nothing
I would like more than to spend the rest of my life with you but we have to
face reality here. We have a lot of time invested in these jobs and I kind
of was thinking about making it a career. I guess we never really discussed
this until now but It would really have to be something special to just
throw all this knowledge away and have to go to work out in the private
sector and start working on the bottom maybe as a grocery clerk or some
menial job." So Todd said:" Hey listen Russ I am sorry that I brought this
subject up.  I don't want to ruin the weekend. Maybe we could discuss this
at a later date and time. Let's just go and have fun this weekend." So I
started up the truck and took off down the road but all the time thinking
about what Todd had said about throwing it all away just to spend the rest
of our lives together. I kind of smiled and said:" Your right let's just
enjoy the next two days together." So Todd agreed and we went on our way
down the road. The only change was that Todd was sitting on his side of the
truck now and not sitting close with me like he was before. I am hoping
that I didn't say anything to offend him. I do love him with all my heart
and would feel terrible if anything ever came between us. And I would never
tell him about the incident in the shower this morning. Not right now
anyhow.

We were driving down the road I saw the sign for the Hilton and I pointed
it out to Todd. A big smile came across his face and he started to get
excited. I pulled into the parking lot and up to the front door. A doorman
came and opened Todd's door and asked him for his luggage. I guess he is
not used to this kind of service he seemed surprised. They also had someone
there to Valet Park the truck so it was nice the doorman took the luggage
and we strolled over to the desk.

I stepped up to the desk and said;" You have a reservation for Russ Morgan
and Party." The woman behind the desk said;" Yes of course its right here
sir would you please sign in. I will need your credit card or cash to pay
for the room." I said;" No problem. What is our room number?" The desk
clerk said;" Mr. Morgan you and your guest are staying In our presidential
suite. Room PH 1 on the 23rd floor. Since there were only 23 floors in the
hotel I guessed we had one of the two rooms that were on that floor. You
should have seen Todd's eyes light up when he heard that we had the
presidential suite. I had ordered that special for us and that was the
secret that I was keeping from him all week. The bellboy took our luggage
and us up to the 23rd floor and opened our room and put our luggage on the
floor. I asked Todd to wait outside that I would be right out. I didn't
want him to see me tip the bellboy or else we would have had a fight over
that. As he is a ball breaker when it comes to me spending money. He likes
to pay his share. The bellboy left and I flung open the door and Todd
walked in and was in awe. He stood there and started to cry. I said;"
What's wrong don't you like it." Todd said;" Oh my God it is the most
beautiful room I have ever been in before." I took his hand and showed him
that it was a suite with two other rooms besides the one that we were
in. The one that we were in had a very nice sofa and chairs and a big
screen TV and all the other amenities that come along with a suite,
refrigerator and so on. We walked into the next room to find a large and I
mean LARGE circular bed. It was like twice the size of a king size bed. It
was enormous. And in the same room was a hot tub installed in the floor of
the room. There were beautiful roses in a vase on the dresser that I
ordered special for Todd. He just loves them. He was speechless. And then I
showed him the sitting room, which consisted of some desks and chairs and a
computer hook up if you wanted to work in the room. I guess this room might
be used by some big shot from a firm during the week. And the next room was
of course the Bathroom it was done all in glass and brass and had a tub the
size of three tubs in it. I turned and asked Todd:" Well how do you like my
surprise sweetheart."  He was speechless he grabbed me and hugged me for
about 10 minutes until he could talk. He said," This is the most beautiful
room that I have ever seen and I can't believe that you did this for me." I
said; " Well I have to be honest I did it for me too." So of course the
first thing that we do is jump out of our clothes and jump into the Hot
tub. Todd reached over and gave me a kiss and one thing led to another and
we were kissing like love machines. We had been waiting a month to get this
leave and we were going to make the best of it. We got a little overheated
in the hot tub beside the temperature of the water our body temperature
were going right up to with all the kissing and stuff. So we decided to go
and take a nice bubble bath in the bathroom.

Todd went and started to run the water in the bathtub, and I went to take a
piss. We are stark naked with our Johnson's hanging out dangling in the
air.  The tub was filling up with bubbles and Todd was the first one to
jump in. It was unbelievable how big this bathtub was; we both stretched
our bodies out sitting side by side in the tube. Now I am 6ft.2 and Todd is
6ft.4. We had no trouble stretching our legs all the way out. Talk about
comfort. So we sat there and starting playing with the bubbles putting them
in one another's hair and stuff like that and then Todd started to reach
over and grab my dick. His hands were kind of cold so I jumped a little. He
said," What's the matter did I hurt you." I said;" No of course not it's
just that your hands are cold. Please by all means do whatever you like
that's what we are here for." Todd decided that it was time to play let's
hide the bologna. He started to jerk me off so that I would get hard. I got
hard almost immediately. So he worked his way down to my penis and started
to sit on it. Before you know it I was all the way inside him and I was
riding him for all he was worth. I was just standing there with a big smile
on my face enjoying every minute. He started to moan a little and I asked
him:" hey are you ok." Todd had all he could do just to say;" Yes I am fine
just getting ready to shoot my load." So I said;" Wait see if you could
hold on for one second longer. So I slid out and said," Wait I don't want
you to waste that semen I want to enjoy it orally." So I slid my penis out
of his rectum and washed the shit off of it, and he was now pumping it just
to keep it hard. I said;" Ok I am ready bring that beautiful 9 inches over
here and let me take a lick or two."  So Todd slid over the top of my chest
and I took control of that monster and I started to lick every bit of
it. Todd was getting more excited now and so was I my dick was as hard as a
rock. I was going to town on his 9 inches and I heard Todd moan and then he
started to cum in my mouth. He shot 3 times. And I swallowed everything it
was like eating vanilla ice cream, Um Um Good. After Todd shot his load his
dick was starting to get soft so I stopped licking it and he slid it out of
my mouth. I said;" Ok old buddy it's your turn. My dick is so hard it is
standing at attention." So Todd laid back down in the tub with his head
down by my penis. He started to play with my dick and then before you know
it he was right down on it sucking it for all it was worth. I was enjoying
every minute. You have to remember we only get to do this once a month so
we make the best out of it. He was a wonderful cocksucker. He would swirl
his tongue over the head of my dick and I would get even more excited. He
had a golden tongue when it came to giving me a blowjob. He kept going for
about ten minutes and then I couldn't stand to hold it anymore and I shot
my load right in his mouth.  I shot 4 times and every time he swallowed
every bit of it. You could tell that we knew what we were doing. We had
been doing this for sometime now. I slid my dick out of Todd's mouth and
told him that I was ready for the back door treatment. So Todd slid over to
me and I began to play with his dick until it got hard again. I said:" are
you ready?" He said; " Sure anytime you are. So I kind of got on my hands
and knees to make it easier for Todd to service me.  Todd's nine inches
were just about all I could handle back there. He is as always very
gentle. He starts with just inserting the head of his dick and then slowly
he starts to insert the rest of the nine inches. Once the whole thing was
in there I got pretty comfortable and He started to go to down. You could
hear his body hitting my ass making a sloshing sound from the sweat. I
could tell that he was enjoying himself by how fast he was going. It took
about 10 minutes Before he shot his load in my ass. I was pretty excited
also. My dick was so hard I thought that it would explode. So as soon as
Todd shot his load he came over and started to suck my dick again so that I
could shoot my load and not waste it. He is a wonderful Lover. Sex couldn't
get much better. When we were done we stood up and took a shower together
and then dried each other off and we went and got dressed for dinner.

We usually have dinner right in the Hotel so we went downstairs and went to
the Hunan Palace in the Lobby for dinner. We both worked up an appetite
after all that sex. I ordered General Sao's chicken and Todd ordered Moo
Goo Gai Pan. I am not sure what that is but he orders it a lot when we go
out to eat. The waiter came over and asked if we would like a cocktail and
I kind of started to giggle just a little so Todd ordered our drinks. He
ordered me a Bahamas Mama and he ordered a Pina Colada. We were seated in
the back of the restaurant. There were only two other couples in the place
and they were not paying any attention to us. Which we liked. We were able
to hold hands and whisper in one another's ear.  It was such a relaxing
weekend for us. That is why we make the 30-minute drive from the base. The
waiter came over and served us our meals. Looked like a ton of food but as
we all know if you have Chinese food for dinner you are hungry in about two
hours and looking for something else to eat. We took our time eating dinner
and we ordered two more drinks each. Since there is no alcohol on the base
it was a pleasure to enjoy a couple of drinks. After we finished dinner we
went back up to the room to get our coats. We had decided during dinner
that we would take a short walk after dinner just to work off all the food
that we consumed.

So, we headed out of the hotel lobby and into the parking lot and out onto
the street. It was twilight by now and the temperature hovered somewhere
around 34 degrees. It was a bit chilly but we were dressed for it. So we
started down the road and we were just talking about what had gone on at
the base since we had our last weekend pass. We were enjoying our
walk. Being the distance that we were from the base we were ok with holding
hands while we were walking. I really enjoy that. I am like a touchy feely
guy. I like to hug and kiss and just enjoy any body contact that we could
while we were together. We had walked maybe two miles and it was now
starting to get dark so we turned around and headed back to the hotel. It
was nice not to have to be watching everything that we wanted to do. We got
back to the hotel and they had and Ice cream Shoppe there that was open 24
hours. They served coffee and sandwiches and snacks and the best Ice Cream
that I ever had. They had 36 Flavors. Todd was looking over the top of the
glass counter just to see what flavors they had. He decided to have a hot
fudge Sundae. And of course I ordered my usual a Banana Split. And I told
the girl not to spare the whip cream. We took our deserts and headed for
our room. We sat down on the couch and turned on the big screen TV. We put
our Ice Creams in the refrigerator until we went inside and got into our
pajamas. I was the first one changed so I headed right for the Refrigerator
and got my Banana Split and sat down on the couch and started to eat
away. Todd came in and got his hot fudge sundae and sat down next to me and
we started to devour our deserts. There was a movie coming on one of the
movie channels called: Working Girl with Melanie Griffith and Harrison Ford
so we decided to watch that. It turned out to be a pretty good movie. We
finished our deserts and decided that after we watch the news that we would
call it a day and get good nights sleep in the huge bed.

It was 11:30 pm and the News just finished up and we turned the TV off and
headed for Bed. Todd always liked to sleep on the left hand side of the bed
so I took my place on the right side. I didn't care what part of the bed I
was on as long as Todd was there in the bed with me. We kind of moved
together in the middle of the bed. Todd slid over and gave me a kiss and
then of course I gave him one too. He said to me;" I don't know how to
thank you for the way you set this all up. I love you so much and I just
wish we could do this more often." So I said;" Well, Todd I love you very
much too. But for now we are going to have to settle for this once a
month." He agreed and we kind of held each other until we fell asleep. We
had plans for Saturday so we figured that we better try and get a good
night's sleep. No monkey business tonight. So off to dream world we went.



That is the end of Chapter Two folks. I will be writing more about these
two guys in Chapter three but I am going to update my other stories that
are on my website before I continue on to chapter 3. If you haven't been
there yet my website address is: http://xdjpaul.tripod.com there are two of
my other stories plus this one. And there are 3 stories that a buddy of
mine wrote. I hope you enjoy the stories. Please by all means email me at :
djpaul@surfree.com with any comments good or bad about these stories. And
by all means please sign my guestbook so I can tell who you folks are.

Thanks again,
DJpaul

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Tue, 01 Feb 2000 22:03:41 -0500
From: DJPaul
Subject: Gay Army Guys

Chapter 1 Don't Ask Don't Tell

It was a cold day here in Fort Dicks as I jumped up out of my cot to see
what the weather was like outside. The windows were all frosted up so it
was hard to see out of them. I took my fingernail and scratched away enough
of the window to see outside. It looked like it had snowed during the
night. I was in a barracks with 5 other soldiers.  My name is Corporal Russ
Morgan. I am stationed here at Fort Dicks for two years as I am taking
computer courses to learn how to use some sophisticated arming devices for
some of our nuclear weapons. I am in my second year. After I get through
all the computer classes I will get shipped overseas to maintain one of
nuclear bases. I have made some friends here at Fort Dicks. You know that
the Army has that policy of not telling anyone that you are gay. So it is
hard for me to keep my secret. I have however found another soldier who is
gay and we have become secret lovers. If the truth ever got out it would
force us to leave the military. The gentlemen that I met are the same age
as me. His name is Corporal Todd Stevenson. It's kind of hard to spend much
time together because of all the other soldiers here but we do find time to
enjoy one another's company. And the sex is just outstanding. Todd and I
have a weekend pass coming up this weekend and we are going to go into town
and rent a motel room for the weekend.  I think that some of the guys in
the barracks have an idea about Todd and I but they never say anything to
my face. It's Thursday morning here. Only one more day and Todd and I can
spend a great weekend together. I can't wait. Well it is time to jump in
the shower and get dressed for the day and then off to classes. The day
went by without anything going wrong today so I must be learning something
here. It was five o'clock and time to go to the mess hall for dinner.  Todd
would be there but we don't sit together to eat because we can't take a
chance of saying or doing something wrong in the mess hall with all the
other soldiers there. So, after dinner Todd and I meet in the recreation
room and play some pool or air hockey together. The recreation room is
usually quiet not too many guys there. So we feel safe in there. We can
talk safely about almost anything as long as we are close to one another.
Whispering wouldn't be good so we kind of use some gibberish that only we
know.

Todd was excited that we were going to be off the base for the weekend. I
thought he would bust. He kept looking around the room and pinching my ass
when no one was looking. I said," Hey Todd you better cut that out and save
your sex appeal for the weekend." Todd said," Yeah your right but the
weekend seems so far away." I told him;"Hey it's only one more day I am
sure that you could wait." Todd said," by the way what hotel did you get us
a room in." I said," I got us a special room at the Hilton." Todd said,"
What kind of special room?" I said," I don't want to tell you it's a
secret." Todd said; "Come on what kind of room is it." I said;' listen I am
not going to tell you, can't you wait and be surprised?" Todd said;" All
right I don't want to beg you and spoil the surprise." I said;" Todd you
are really going to be happy about the type of room that we got." So we
played a couple more games of pool and then back to the barracks for a good
night sleep.

Friday morning came and I jumped out of my cot and went into the shower to
get cleaned up for the day. There was another one of my roommates using the
shower. It was Bill Robinson. He was a tall Negro with a body that would
stop a clock. He was at the next shower to me and I couldn't resist taking
a look at the size of his penis. He had about a nine incher and it was
rather big in circumference. As I was looking over at his penis my penis
started to harden up. Usually at this hour of the morning I am in the
shower by myself but he had no classes today so he was getting showered up
to go on a weekend pass. As I was sneaking a peek at his penis he turned
around and looked at mine.  He said;" Hey Russ you got a nice size dick
over there." I said;" you are not doing bad either."  He said to me;" hey
did you ever have sex with another guy." Of course I had to lie and say;"
No why would you ask?" "Well its been a while since I had sex and was
wondering if you would kind of maybe come over and play with my dick?" So I
said;" well its been a long time for me too. We would have to keep this
between us." Bill said;" Of course do you think I want this to get out." I
said ok and I stepped over by him and grabbed his cock and started to jerk
him off. With that he grabbed mine and started to do the same thing. I was
getting so hard that I wasn't sure that I could hold my cum anymore. He was
still going strong with no threat of Cumming. His dick got so hard I
thought that it was going to bust. And I told him that I was going to come
and he told me to go for it. It was so nice to have another guy doing this
for me. It had been a long time. I came two or three times and then all of
a sudden I heard Bill say;" oh my god "and he started Cumming all over the
shower. He shot all over the place.

He must have thanked me a million times. I said thank you to him also. I
said," Hey not that I want to do that again but please lets keep this
between us." Bill said,"Hey man I wouldn't expect you to do that again but
if you ever want to get together off base let me know." I said," Hey Bill I
didn't realize that you were gay.I have a partner already so I am not
interested but thanks for this time."  "Listen Bill I have to get done here
in the shower and get dressed I have an early class today before I go away
for the Weekend."

Please stay tuned at the website for Chapter 2. It should be posted by this
weekend.2-6-2000 This story is copyrighted by Xdjpaul (c) 2000

If you are interested you can read my other stories and my friends other
stories at: http://xdjpaul.tripod.com. Thanks enjoy. DJ


Chapter 2 The Weekend