Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 14 Jul 2002 21:57:09 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 17

A Few Good Men 17:
A Little Party


Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 16, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another series, `Nailed', in Nifty's
Athletic section, precedes this series.  They all contain sex between men.
Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between consenting adult
men or if you're underage or if this is not allowed/illegal where you live,
then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the `A Few Good Men' series
is largely true.  Yah, so what that most of the names have been changed to
protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories
I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very
early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe
sex because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex
with condoms didn't really come into play full force until like the mid
80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys
back then and, luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the `A Few Good Men' series.





It had been several days since I'd gotten my nut, so I was hornier than the
average 20 year old on the day that D'Angelo had arranged a little "party"
for he and I and a couple of his buddies.  Even though I had no idea who,
other than D'Angelo, was gonna get a piece of me that night, I had a half
hard on and wet weenie all day.  Like I said before, everyone of the guys
was hot in his own way, so the anticipation was killing me.  Hell, even
Berentino with the big fucking mouth got my juices flowing.  As much as I
didn't like him, I had to be careful not to stare at him too much and
therefore give him any hint that I thought he was hot.  The guy's ego was
about as big as what I heard his dick was and the last thing I wanted was
for him to be coming on to me.  Or did I?  The guy had an amazing body and
was quite the looker.  I could have done worse...

At the appointed hour, I appeared on deck and, all clean and ready to go,
headed for D'Angelo's "fuck hold" as we started calling it.  As I closed in
on them I saw D'Angelo, Cochran and Foxworthy standing together.  Pleased
with that particular makeup of the group, I couldn't help but wonder if any
more of the gang was going to appear, thereby making it a true "gang bang".

"Ah, here's the star of the evening now!" an especially friendly D'Angelo
said as I approached.  As usual, he was stoned.

"Guys," I said as a greeting.

"Hey," the other two said in unison, breaking the ice.

"Good to see you," Foxworthy said lamely.  He was nervous.

"Uh, yah!" D'Angelo kidded him.  Foxworthy blushed, his redhead complexion
exploding.  True to his personality, Cochran just smiled and stayed quiet.

There was somewhat of an easy silence between the four of us until D'Angelo
spoke again.  "Ok, guys, there's a few things you gotta know here.  Like I
told you before, McLellan's no quick ride.  He's quite the lover, so treat
him like one.  Cochran, you need to spend a little more time in the saddle
with this one if you ever wanna ride again.  Capeche?"  Cochran grinned
sheepishly and nodded.  "I mean it, Man," D'Angelo continued, "this is thee
finest ass you'll ever get into and you'd better pay attention"

"Aye, Captain!" he answered in a mock salute.  D'Angelo shot him a daggered
look.  "I got it, Man!" Cochran intoned.

"And you," D'Angelo said, turning to Foxworthy.

"Yah?" Foxworthy replied.

"This isn't about getting even for the reaming you got from us,
understand?"

"Yah, sure," he answered a little taken back.

"I mean it, Fox," D'Angelo lectured.

"Whaddya saying?" Fox asked.

"I'm just saying that Sean here's an awesome bottom.  He really likes
taking it in the ass, so this isn't about getting your rocks off as fast as
you can.  Give the guy a break and let him enjoy it too"

Both of the other guys nodded in agreement.  It made me feel good that
D'Angelo was watching after me like he said he would.  I'd be lying if I
told you that I hadn't wondered if it was gonna be a strike and run session
with at least Cochran.

When D'Angelo was certain that the other guys understood, he turned and
said, "Great.  Let's get the fuck outta here," as he quickly walked toward
the stairs.  We all followed and in no time we'd traveled the distance down
several decks and were in the corridor quickly approaching the hatch.
Goddamn it if there weren't other guys nearby when we got there.  D'Angelo
kept walking past our spot until we entered another passageway where we
could regroup.  Deciding that four guys ditching into the hatch at once was
just too risky, we decided that I'd lead Foxworthy in and D'Angelo and
Cochran would come right behind us when the coast was clear.  That plan of
attack worked well and before long, the four of us were standing in the
near total darkness of that hold.

In silence, D'Angelo and I made haste in pulling down some of the coiled
hoses that made the high wall around our fuck den.  Just as quietly and
quickly, we restacked them after the four of us had climbed inside.  After
that, even if somebody opened the hatch they'd never see us.  No sooner had
we done that than a light went on from a corner.  D'Angelo had just turned
on a flashlight on the floor.  Besides the light, something seemed
different.  The "floor", while still made of coiled hoses, was a lot lower
than before.  Looking around I also noticed a lot more room in our hiding
place.  What had previously been the size of a double bed was now bigger
than a king size.

"What gives?" I whispered.

"I made it bigger," D'Angelo proudly announced, not saying when.

"Cool," I said approvingly.

"Very cool," Fox said.

"You guys come here often?" Cochran asked with a little humor.

"As often as we can," D'Angelo answered, wrapping himself around me.  "How
do you think I know what a fantastic fuck and great lover this little guy
is?"

"Well let's get to it!" Fox piped up.  Then he challenged, "First one naked
gets first crack at that hot ass!"

In an explosion of activity, clothes and shoes went flying.  I just laughed
at the three of them because I knew that it didn't matter to me who the
hell went first because I was gonna take `em all on.  In my own time, I sat
down and removed my boots and socks and started unbuttoning my pants.  Not
surprisingly it was Fox who was butt naked in record time.  Geez, the guy
even had a the makings of a stiffie.  He was horny for sure.

"I'm first!" he announced excitedly.

"Relax, Fox," D'Angelo said, continuing his role of director, "it's up to
McLellan"

Fox immediately turned to me.  "Can I go first?"

"Yah, sure, I guess," was all I could say.

"Woo Hoo!" he howled a little too loudly.

"Why not draw a crowd, Fox," Cochran hissed.

"Sorry!" he apologized, lowering his voice.  "It's just that I'm so fucking
hard up I think I'm gonna explode"

"Well, give me a chance to get my clothes off, Squid, and we'll see what we
can do about that," I said, not missing the sight of his ever-growing
boner.  The cut beauty didn't look too long, about 5 inches I learned
later, but it was just as hefty as he was stocky.  The man's body was tight
and the only hair that I could see was the thick bush of red hair
surrounding his cock and tight ball sac and a healthy crop on his muscular
legs.

When I finished disrobing, I sat down and took stock of the other men in
the room.  In the light from the flashlight, D'Angelo looked even sexier
than I knew him to be.  All that straight fur growing on his body made him
look even more masculine in my eyes than I'd already discovered him to be.
Those heavily lidded Italian eyes of his stared at me and I could see the
lust in them.  Oh, it was going to be a hot night with him, I could just
tell!

Cochran was no slouch in the body department either.  Definitely the
tallest, he wasn't the most defined however.  He didn't appear to have any
fat on him and his build was better than average.  Absent of clothes, his
moustache and sideburns accentuated his also better than average looks.
There was a patch of hair in the middle of his chest of medium density and
it matched the brown color of his head.  When my eyes dropped to his
crotch, I could see that if he was hung long, it was a grower, not a
shower.  Just slightly aroused, I couldn't tell whether he was cut or not
as there was plenty of skin at the base of it's head.  Knowing what I'd
been told about him I figured that the man possessed a thin cock that could
expand to pleasurable proportions.

D'Angelo sidled over to me and said, "Ok, guys.  Remember, Sean here is a
big-time lover boy.  He needs lots and lots of foreplay to get him in the
mood.  Even to take your puny cock, Fox," he teased.

"Fuck you!" Fox shot back.

"Never happen, Dude!" D'Angelo said, moving around behind me and kissing on
my neck.  Damn, it felt good.  It was just what I needed to get things
rolling.  The front of me was exposed to the other two, inviting them to
join in.

Even with that as an invitation, Fox wouldn't let the jibes about his cock
go.  "Yah, well I may not have the longest dick you've ever seen, but..."
Reaching out, I stopped him in mid-sentence when I wrapped my hand around
his impressive girth.  Using his cock, I pulled him closer to me.  Though
he was over an inch or so shorter than me, high height was in his torso.
That brought his mouth right in line with mine, so I kissed him easily.
Little did I know what kind of fireworks that was going to set off in the
little man.

Cochran wasted no time caressing my balls and hardening cock.  Like his
arms and legs, the man's fingers were long and felt great as they moved
onto my privates.  As he moved in on me, I gripped onto his manhood and
found the head of it to be very wet.  I swear that in a matter of a minute
it grew twice as long as it had been.  With my hand generously wrapped
around the base of him, it seemed the slick knob was nearly to my elbow on
the underside of my arm.  Looking down, I confirmed that the man had been
cut at birth.  I remember my butt pulsating at the thought of the man
getting very, very deep inside of me.  Always one for length as opposed to
girth, I began to crave his moves.  And move on me he did.  The man swooped
down on my pecs with his mouth and suckled my tits until they were hard and
pointed.  The sparks that flew from there to my balls and his slow and easy
fondling of them told me he was no stranger to making a man feel good.
With him working me over, Fox and I sucking face and D'Angelo chewing on my
neck as his leaking lance probed my backside, I relaxed and let nature take
it's course.

And take it's course it did.  After all, whaddya expect when a healthy, hot
bunch of in shape 20-something-year old men get naked?  Before long, the
four of us moved in unison until I was laying on my side.  Early on the
action took on a highly-charged pace.  Hands moved all over my body.
Fingers prodded at my most private places.  Teeth scraped over my neck,
chewed on my tits and occasionally nipped my ass.  Tongues danced over my
flesh, licking my ears, armpits, belly, groin, balls and most thrillingly
that sensitive flesh between my balls and butt.  You know, the "'taint".
'Taint balls and 'taint butt.  Mouths sucked on my own before taking
liberties on my pecs down my ticklish belly and sides before engulfing both
my cock and balls.  Gawd, do you have any idea what it feels like when your
cock and balls are surrounded by a hot mouth at the same time?  It damn
near made me jet on the spot.

Even though I was the guest of honor as it were, I was glad to see that all
of the attention was not always on me.  The four of us seemed to move
together like a well oiled machine and D'Angelo, Cochran and Fox were
enjoying one another as well.  All of that created a sexual frenzy that
just seemed to grow and grow.  With three men knowing that they were gonna
put it to me, I have to say that at times the action was a little intense.
Though I was aware of other things going on in our confined little area, I
can't even pretend to know all of it.  I sure as hell can tell you what
happened to me, however.

Little did I know that Cochran was a total ass man.  It didn't take him too
long to turn me on my back, push my legs to my chest and begin eating my
ass in earnest.  And you know how much I hate that!  While he was making
mush out of my mancunt, D'Angelo was deep-throating my cock as only a
world-class cocksucker like him could.  Fox just seemed to get more and
more inflamed the more we kissed uninhibitedly.  He was way good at it and
I began to get the impression that no man had ever kissed him quite as
deeply as I did.

Laying there on my back---my favorite position---I was really enjoying the
attention I was getting and before long I was really hot to be taken by
those guys.  "Let the games begin," I said, indicating my readiness to be
mounted.

"I'm first!" Foxworthy crowed.  He quickly moved into place in
anticipation.  "Got any lube?" he asked as he literally pushed Cochran out
of the way.

I reached over to my socks where I'd stashed a small bottle of lube.  No
way was I going to take on three guys without plenty of lube!  Knowing that
D'Angelo fully understood my ass and it's need for plenty of lube, I handed
the bottle to him.  There were no words needed between us.  He just took
the bottle and proceeded to lube my ass with those wonderful fingers of
his.  We started kissing as he gently slid his digits inside of me.

"C'mon, D'Angelo, I'm first!" Foxworthy cried impatiently.

Pulling off my mouth, D'Angelo looked back at him.  "Fuckin' relax,
asshole!" he snarled.  "Let me get him ready for you, ok?"

"Jesus, Fox!  Take it easy, huh?" Cochran piped in.

"Um, yah," Fox whimpered.  He'd been put in his place.

D'Angelo turned back to me and looked me directly in the eyes while he
gently stroked the slippery inner flesh of my butthole.  "This guy is the
hottest fuck either one of you will ever have and he takes a little special
care to get him ready," he said to them, all the while just an inch or so
away from my face.  Those fucking eyes of his were enough to make my
butthole flare open.  "Capeche?" he asked.

"No problem here," Cochran answered.

"Sure.  Sorry," Fox intoned, looking at me.

D'Angelo was making me feel so good.  All I could do was moan as my hole
opened for more of his fingers to dance inside of me.  Damn, I wanted him
so badly at that moment.  I just wanted him to crawl inside of me and make
love to my hole all night and he knew it.  I reached down and felt his hard
cock.  A fucking man's cock.  Hard.  Hot.  And wet.  As much as I wanted
him at that moment, I knew I'd have to wait until later.  When he heard me
moaning and felt me gripping on to his hardness, he knew I was ready.

"Get some of this on your dick," he ordered Fox as he tossed the lube at
him.  He never broke our eye contact when he spoke to him.  "You ok, Dude?"
he asked softly.

"Ahhhhhhh!" I groaned as he fingered my joy button.  "Fuck, D'Ang!  I want
you now," I confessed.

"I know, baby.  I know," he cooed.  "We'll just have to wait.  You know
it's gonna be good, huh?" he asked in that sexy, tough-guy, east coast way.

"Ummmmmm!" was all I could answer as he pushed against my prostate.

"Damn, you guys!" Cochran said as he swung around on his knees next to me.
"Just watching you two gives me a wet weenie"

"Yah, well stick around, Man!  You ain't seen nothing yet," D'Angelo, still
face-to-face with me with three of his fingers in my ass.

"Oh, man!" we heard Foxworthy say.  The three of us looked at him.  His
eyes were glued to my butthole and his hand was wrapped around his cock,
slick with lube.  "I just gotta fuck, Guys!" he groaned.  The guy was
really hard up.  The three of us got a good chuckle at the sight of him.

"You ready?" D'Angelo asked.  I answered by pushing my butthole out.  "Oh,
he's ready for you Fox!" he informed when he felt my hole open further.  He
moved aside and Foxworthy took position.  Both D'Angelo and Cochran lifted
my legs, exposing my empty fuckhole to him.  In no time, he'd bent his
stiff cock down and pointed the blunt head of it at my asshole.  Even with
all of D'Angelo's warnings, the fucker speared me with it completely before
I was even prepared for it's girth.

"Awwwww!" I wailed, rapidly pushing him away from me.  Damn, it hurt!

"Careful, Fox!" D'Angelo warned, smacking him upside the head.  "He's too
tight to just ram it in!"

"Sorry!" he said with a sheepish grin.

"You're too much.  Don't you know anything about fucking a man?" Cochran
said, shaking his head.

"I thought you guys said my dick was puny?" Foxworthy retorted.  He still
hadn't gotten over that passing comment.

"Well, I don't think I've seen a shorter one," D'Angelo teased.

"The fucker's fat though," I chimed in.  "You gotta take it slow, Dude!"

"Ok," Fox said as he took another stab at it.

Geez, even slowly he was a challenge.  Even for me.  Like I said before,
the guy was only about 5 inches long but he was hung very, very fat.  The
head of his cock was like the size of a plum.  As he slowly pushed, it
stretched my wanting asslips right to their limit in no time.  I pushed out
with my butt and a little more of him slid inside.  The guy was killing me
and it showed on my face.  I looked up to D'Angelo as if to say, "Do
something!"  Like a prince, he swooped down and started kissing me.  Then
he wrapped a slippery hand around my cock which had rapidly gone from
raging boner to half hard.  Working my meat felt great and in no time I was
fully hard again.  As his hand slid up and down my skin flute my butthole
alternately tightened and flared.  Fox's constant pressure pushing into me
allowed his cock to slide in a little bit at a time as my butthole opened.
Though there was a helluva lot of stretching going on down there, all in
all it felt pretty good.

"UNNNNNNHHHHHH!" I moaned loudly as the bulbous head of him slid fully past
my sphincter.  It hurt like hell but I knew the worst was over.

"He in?" D'Angelo said, pulling off my face.  I nodded.  "You gonna be ok?"
he asked further.  I nodded again.  "Take it easy, Fox," he instructed.

With the worst of the entry over, the rest of his medium length slid easily
inside of me.  In no time, I could feel his red short and curlies
scratching up against my asshole.  His balls sat heavily against me as he
began a slow and easy fuck.  Though he wasn't hurting me, the girth of him
was almost too much for the first cock of the night.  I remember thinking
that I should have let Cochran nail me first.  Far longer than Foxworthy or
D'Angelo, Cochran's cock was thin.  I reached down and grabbed onto it and
loved how it molded to the underside of my arm. Yes, I though, it was going
to be a pleasure to take him on.

Foxworthy was simply a mediocre fuck. Though he professed to be a top, like
most of `em, the guy had all kinds of things to learn about a man's ass and
how to fuck him.  Pretty quickly he was fucking hard and fast.  I gritted
my teeth and took it like a man, hoping that he'd jet pretty soon.  "Turn
over," he commanded with a voice of authority, as only a man with his cock
in another man's ass can do.  With that , he started pushing me over.  It
was clear he wanted me on my belly and I was happy to comply if it meant
getting into a position that may be more comfortable.  As he moved me, I
felt his cock sliding out of me.

"Don't pull out!" I said, gripping his hips to keep him from doing so.
Geez, I didn't want to have to take on that big fucking head again if I
didn't have to!

Not an easy task with his shorter cock, we managed to wrangle around with
him still inside of me.  A man on a mission, Foxworthy pushed me into an
all-fours position and proceeded to dick me doggie style.  Frankly, it was
a little more tolerable like that.  Still, it wasn't the most comfortable
fuck I'd ever had and I remember wishing once again that he'd get off
pretty soon.  The man held me by the waist as he fucked in and out of me at
a pretty good clip.  His cock was rock hard and he nearly pulled all the
way out of me every time he moved.  He actually did a couple of times but
was able to ram it right back in before my butthole clamped down too
tightly.  It still hurt though.  That's where he sort of wore me down.
Before long though, I was able to relax my hole more so he wasn't causing
me nearly as much discomfort as he had been before.

The expression on my face must have been telling D'Angelo and Cochran that
I was really starting to get into the fuck because the two of them started
playing with me.  While Foxworthy took my ass hard from the back, D'Angelo
moved in front of me where I could suck on what had become my favorite
cock.  As Fox made his moves in my backside, my Italian Stallion slid his
perfect prick between my lips and slowly fucked my face.  I pushed my nose
into his pubic bush, swallowed his cock and inhaled deeply to smell his
scent of mansweat. He smelled of a man who's cock and balls had sweated up
a storm all day in his pants.  My moans and groans were telling of the
pleasure the two fuckers were giving me.

Not to be left alone in the mini gang-bang, Cochran flipped onto his back
and shimmied under me where he gulped down my leaking log.  Ah, man!  How
great that felt.  A cock in my mouth, another in my ass and a hot and wet
mouth sucking on my own.  It doesn't get much better than that, does it
guys?  Not only was Cochran a great ass eater, but he wasn't lacking in
cocksucking skills either.  Way too soon, he had me getting pretty close to
shooting my load.  Having the rest of Foxworthy's fuck to deal with and the
other two guys to take on, the last thing I wanted to do that moment was
jizz.  Reaching down under me, I batted him away from me.  Dutifully,
Cochran stopped only to move about for some more action.  I couldn't tell
where he'd gone but in a minute or so I figured it out when Fox started
moaning in pleasure.

"Oh, man, that feels good!" he groaned.

His hips slowed a little and he seemed to be pushing his ass at something.
Cochran had moved behind him and was eating his ass while he was fucking
me.  The whole tone of the fuck changed at that moment.  Fox was so rapt
with getting his ass eaten that his strokes became very short and deep.
The man was deep rooted in my guts where he gave me the most pleasure.  My
fuckhole rewarded him as it opened up and let him go even deeper than he
had before.  It felt so good to have him inside of me at that point, so I
kept pushing back and keeping him seated balls deep in me.  We'd only been
into the fuck about five minutes at that point when Fox is suddenly out of
control.

"Fuck, Man!  I'm getting too damned close and it feels to damned good!" he
confessed.

"Like that shit?" D'Angelo asks.

"Aw, Gawd!" he groaned.  I could tell that D'Angelo must have been pinching
his tits or something because the guy was hardly able to speak.  "Don't
wanna cum so soon!" he panted.

"Just let it go, Dude," D'Angelo soothed.  "You can have some more of that
ass later!"

"Yah?" he asked excitedly.

"Oh, fuck yah!" D'Angelo said, not knowing or caring if I'd give it up to
him later or not .  "C'mon, Man!  Do it!  You know you wanna dump a load in
him," he encouraged.  I milked D'Angelo's cock in my throat in
appreciation.

"Aw, shit you guys!" Foxworthy whimpered, "You're gonna make me cum!"

"Yah, buddy!  Fuckin' give him your load!" I heard Cochran say.

"Aw, fuck!" Fox groaned, picking up the fuck pace.  His fat cock was
ramming in and out of my fucking hole like a goddamned jackhammer.  It felt
good!

"That's it, Dude," D'Angelo said, his mouth sucking on Fox's, "get your
nut"

That's all it took.  Fuckin' Fox was off like a rocket.  He rammed me for a
few more seconds at lightening speed before his balls exploded.  Pulling
off of D'Angelo's cock, I turned around to get a look at his face as he
jizzed me.  He'd started wailing way too loud, so Cochran wrapped his hand
over his mouth and hugged him from behind as the little man slimed my slot.
Copious amounts of cock cream filled me as the man sputtered and shuttered.
All in all, it was a pretty intense orgasm that didn't last very long.  I
sucked hard on his bad bone with my gut muscles which was too much for his
super sensitive cock.  Just about the time he'd jetted the last of his
jizz, he reflexively pulled out of me with a pop.  Although the fuck was
shorter than I prefer, I was none-the-less relieved to get him out of me.
He moved to the side as I rolled over onto my back and looked up at the
other two.

"Thanks for getting him off, guys," I said earnestly.

"No problem," D'Angelo replied.  "You ok?"

"Yah, I'm fine"

"Did he wreck you?" Cochran asked.

"Naw.  With that puny cock?" I kidded, imitating D'Angelo.  Foxworthy shot
me a look of daggers.  "Relax, Fox," I said.  "You've got a helluva weapon
there, Stud," I assured him.

"Yah?" he asked, out of breath.

"For sure.  I'll be ready for some more of you later"

"You kidding?" he asked excitedly.

"Yah.  It's a little to fat to take for the first fuck of the night, but
it'll come in real handy after these guys get through with me," I said, not
knowing if I was going to be able to follow through with it.

"Cool!" he said with a grin.

After his fat bruiser, my butt felt very empty and ready for more.  Looking
at Cochran's long trouser snake made me want more cock.  He was stroking it
while looking for a sign of readiness on my face.  I lifted my legs and
showed him my gaping gash.  "You ready for me, Man?" I asked.

He answered me by pulling me closer to him and sliding his cock right
inside of me.  The fucker was so damned smooth as he pierced my entrails
with that long lance.  Riding on Foxworthy's load, he'd slid way past the
depths that had just been explored and into some territory yet uncharted
that night.  It was a turn on knowing that he was slipping and sliding in
another man's load.  As soon as the man felt the inner barrier of my second
sphincter he slowed his advance.  There was at least another few inches of
him to go before he bottomed out in my butt.

"Oh, Man," I groaned as the head of his dick danced at that second door
deep inside of me.  Fuck, was he hard!

"Yah, baby," he cooed.  "You're gonna get it"

"Yah?" I cooed.

"All of it!" he answered in a whisper, gently grinding his hardness at my
gut gate.

"Oh, fuck!  You know, don't you?" I asked.

"Goddamn right I know.  This long dick is gonna diddle you deep in that
spot you like so much, isn't it?"

"YAH!" I groaned as he pushed further into me.  You bottoms out there know
exactly what I'm talking about when I say that his cock was giving me a
little bit of pain at that moment but that the pleasure to come was
overpowering to me.

"Oh, fuck, D'Ang!" Cochran crowed.  "This is one hot fuck!"

"Told ya!"

"Oh, you fucker!" he crowed to me as he continued to grind his cockhead
against my second sphincter.  I just wanted him to crawl inside of my
gaping butthole.

"Oh, Man!  I'm too loose aren't I?" I asked with concern.  Fox had really
fucked some muscle control out of me and I really wanted to be able to
please Cochran.

"Shhhhhhh!" he soothed as he slowly fucked in and out of my sloppy
sluthole.  "Don't you worry about it"

"It's just that Fox fucked me loose and I wanna be tight for you," I
explained.

"You wanna be tight for me, huh?" he smiled.

"Yaaaahhhhhhh!" I groaned again as he went deep.

"This'll tighten you up, Stud," he said as he wrapped his hand around my
boner.  While he slowly fucked in and out of me, he stroked my cock.  You
guys know how good that feels.  Instantly my fuck tunnel clamped down on
his hardness.  I could suddenly feel the entire length of his bone in my
butt.

"OHHHHHHHH!" I cried as he slid over my butt nut and into my depths.

"Let me in, baby!" he rasped as he chipped away at the steely strength of
the hard muscle that was the guardian of my guts.

Opening up a little more to him, I could tell he was soon going to break
into that pleasure pit on the other side.  "How'd you know?" I panted.

Stepping up to the plate and showing he knew a thing or two about a man's
ass, he said, "Dude, with a dick this long, you get very intimate with
what's deep inside of your man."  Then he pushed a little harder.

"ARRRRRGGGGGGHHHHH!" I growled, shuddering with pain-pleasure.

Slowly but surely the long-dicked man wormed his way into my extreme
depths.  The action on my Jackson made the whole length of my mancunt
ripple around his gun.  It didn't take too long before that inner gate
opened and several inches of my entrails slid down onto the most amazing
cock I think I'd ever had in me.  Oh, I'd taken bigger for sure.  But his
was different.  It was thin enough that there couldn't even be a hint of
discomfort from it, but it was way long enough to reach into places where
only few men had traveled before.  When I felt Cochran's sagging scrotum
laying on my sucking asslips, I knew that he was seated in me.  With the
thought of that, all of my anal muscles contracted tightly around the man,
causing us both to groan loudly.

And so that started one of the slowest and sweetest fucks of my young life.
Laying there on my back I took all 10 long and lean inches of Cochran as he
moved inside of me.  Each time he breached that second door and moved into
the pleasure pit on the other side, I emitted a deep and masculine gurgling
groan that could only come from a man getting fucked in the ass.  Ever so
slowly, the master cocksman picked up the pace until he was sawing in and
nearly all the way out of me at a moderate pace.  He also kept up the
action on my randy rod.  How I kept from jetting from all the sensations I
was feeling is beyond me.  All the while, D'Angelo watched in awe as
another man gave me amazing pleasure in a completely different way than he
himself had.

"Goddamn, Cochran, never seen you fuck like this!" the Stallion said in awe
of Cochran's moves.  His hard cock in his hand and it was drooling pre-jizz
like nobody's business.

"Never had an ass like this before, D'Ang!" Cochran explained.  "Never!"

D'Angelo leaned over and kissed Cochran which seemed to inflame the two to
no end.  While Cochran worked my hole and D'Angelo whacked his weenie the
two of them kissed.  Before long, D'Angelo straddled my torso on his knees
and faced Cochran where they could suck face freely.  The view of his hairy
and sweaty ass in front of me was great.  Pulling him down toward me, I
buried my face between those hard and fur covered ass mounds of his.  Just
as slowly as the long man dicked me, I took my time exploring D'Angelo's
sweat soaked ass trench.  The heavy fur that lined it was soaking wet and
filled with the musk of his sweat and ass scent which wafted through my
nostrils.  As I breathed in it acted like a hit of poppers.  That unique
and strong male scent turned me on and made my ass even hotter for the man
making his moves inside of me.  My Italian lover pushed his butt against my
face as I licked and chewed closer and closer to his pucker.  Moving
through the thick, dark hair the texture changed on my tongue as I reached
the man's most private place.  Pushing against the wrinkled pucker, I was
able to penetrate the god-like Squid-hole with my pointed tongue.  The
heady flavor of man funk spread over my taste buds as the man opened his
hole to my advances.  Though he was a total top, like most guys he loved
getting his asshole eaten.  And eat I did.  I began by coaxing his
sphincter open so that I could eat his assflesh deeper and deeper.  Before
long, the man was on his haunches and grinding his hairy fuckin' manhole on
my face.  With my tongue I was able to open his butthole more and more.
Gawd, I loved sex with D'Angelo!

At some point, Cochran let go of his grip on my bone which fell in a heavy
thud against my flat belly.  That's when the fuck became all about my butt
and the butt that was splayed over my face.  His awesome cock was way, way
deep inside of me and it was touching places that made me move on it.  I'm
sure it was hard for him to keep up his fuck pace while I danced on his
dick but it was all his fault, wasn't it?  All I could think about was how
great he felt way up into my colon or something and how fucking hot it was
that I was tonguing several inches inside of D'Angelo's manhole above me.
Fuckin' butt is the greatest, isn't it?  I have no idea how long that
lasted but it was several minutes to be sure.

When D'Angelo moved off of my face, Cochran took total control.  Pushing my
legs even further up, he brought my butthole into a position that he could
easily drive into at an even greater angle.  From there, he put an end to
my dick dance and proceeded to deep dick me into fucking oblivion.  After a
couple minutes of slow and deep fucking, he sped up to fully enjoy the
pleasures of my mangina.  Every once in a while he would bury himself to
the balls and wrench his long cock around in me.  I swear I could feel him
in the right side of my lower belly.  It felt so good, all I could do was
grip onto the coils of firehose below me and hang on for dear life.  The
man slammed his sword in and out of me for several glorious minutes before
he was even hinting of getting his nut.

I quickly realized that my worries of him doing a strike and run operation
were unfounded.  The guy was a classic hot top.  I guess all he ever needed
was a bottom worth staying in the saddle for.  He was totally in control of
his weapon as he battered me from the inside out.  The way he wielded his
cock in and out of me told me that he'd had plenty of practice and, at the
same time, didn't get nearly the amount of ass that he needed.  So he
pulled out all the stops and made all the moves he knew on me.  In doing
so, he brought me to the point where I was so hot for him that he could
have done anything he wanted to.  Because he'd brought me to that state of
mind, I was an even better fuck than I'm known for.  I could easily see
that he was hooked on my hole.  Not to brag too much, but who wouldn't be?
I mean, I'm a world-class hole and his reaction was living proof of it.
His hips were on autopilot, pile driving that long dick of his into my
pleasure pit.  While that was going on, the fucker's tongue was hanging out
of his mouth and he had this helpless look on his face, a sure sign that
the man was under the spell of my fuck flesh.  Hell, it's a look I'd seen
many times before and countless times since.

"Goddamn, D'Ang!" he'd repeat off and on, referring to how wet and tight
and deep my mancunt was.

"Fuckin' amazing, isn't it?" D'Ang responded with a big grin on his face.

Cochran had stamina but he wasn't made of steel.  Before long he showed
signs that he was moving down that path toward cumming.  His pelvis pumps
got faster and faster and harder and harder.  And I took every fucking
thing he gave me.  He was making me feel so good I just wanted to jet my
jizz while he flooded my guts with his.  So I grabbed the super-hard 7
inches that had been leaking pre-fuck juice all over my belly for the last
several minutes and jacked myself toward what I knew was gonna be an
explosive orgasm.  When I did so, my butt muscles slammed tight around the
rod that was rooting in my rectum.  The look on Cochran's face at that
moment was priceless.  It was full of pleasure and surprise and anguish and
surrender all at once.  The added tightness around his boner had to feel
like a million dollars as my asshole undulated to the strokes up and down
my cock.

"Fuck it!" I spat as I pushed my ass at him.  All I could think about was
taking cock and getting my rocks off.  "Fuckin' ram it in my ass, you
fucker!" I ordered.

"Oh, you fuckin' whore!" he panted.

"Fuck yah!" I wailed.  "Fuck this whore!  Fuck me off you fuckin' Squid!"

"YAH!" he hissed through gritted teeth.  "Gonna nut you, Gyrene!"

"Aw, gawd!" I moaned as he brutally balled me deep.

"Gonna hose you full of cream!"

His filth talk was rapidly bringing me closer and closer to cumming.  "Get
your gun, Dude!"

The guy was throwing a fuck into me with unbelievable strength and
rapidity.  For a quick second I remember wondering if I was going to be
able to withstand his ass attack.  No longer were his balls slapping
against my buttcheeks.  Instead, they were pulled up tight and hard against
him, ready to fire.

"FUCKIN' GONNA CUM!" he panted in a strong whisper, still cognizant of our
location.

"OH, YAH!  GET OFF IN MY GUTS!"

"OHHHHHHHHH!  HERE IT COMES, FUCKER!" he groaned as he took his last few
pumps into me.  Suddenly he froze, balls deep in me.  Cochran's eyes rolled
back in his head as he nutted. "UNNNNNGGGGGHHHHHHH!" he snorted.

In a nanosecond I felt the unmistakable heat of a man's semen being shot in
me.  That it was so damned deep inside of me made it feel a little odd.
I'd felt that his cock had swollen a bit bigger already, but it was the
head that had enlarged significantly that I really noticed.  Fully buried
in my butt, it was again giving me oh-so-pleasurable pain.  I loved it for
sure yet, unfortunately, it took me away from the urgency of my own
impending orgasm.  Instead of worrying about it, I just lay back and ground
my butthole on his fountaining fuck hose while he blasted a barrel of ball
beer in me.  Oh, man!  That pleasurable pain that a man's cock deep in your
ass can cause.  It just felt too damned good!

For the next minute or so, Cochran was fully involved in his nut.  While he
was getting off and starting to cool down, D'Angelo and I helped prolong
and heighten his pleasure.  I sucked hard on his bone-on with my butt
muscles while D'Angelo sucked his face and gently worked his tits.  You
could see and feel that the man was grateful.  Every once in a while he'd
whimper and get that totally helpless look on his face that men in the
throes of shooting their stone sauce do.  The man's orgasm was as masterful
as his fuck moves had been.  It was a great ending to an awesome fuck.
Though his swollen knob rammed deeply into my butt had taken a little
starch out of my bone, I was able to bring myself back to full staff with
just a few strokes.  As I did so, my butthole alternately sucked tightly
and then released it's grip on the man's spent serpent.  Like most men
who've just jetted, that proved to be too much for the guy.  His reaction
to the sensation was to pull out of me pretty quickly, leaving my hole
yawning and wondering what had happened.

Fuckin' D'Angelo was out of his mind horny by this time.  Once Cochran had
unplugged, the strong Stallion grabbed my legs and turned me 90 degrees to
the left, nearly giving me rug burn from the cotton covered coils beneath
me.  Instantly, I was in perfect position to take him on.  And fuck-an-A if
I wasn't ready for him!  Without any fanfare, he painfully peeled his hard
cock off of his belly and aimed it at my hole.  As soon as I saw it, I
pushed my butthole out, flaring the swollen lips at him.  I could feel cum
and fuck-funk flowing out of me but I didn't give a damn.  All I wanted was
cock.

"Aw, fuck!" he groaned as he buried his bone in me in one motion.

"Hoooooo!" I exhaled as he filled me with the fat 8 inches I'd grown so
accustom too.

There was nothing gentle about our fuck that night.  I'd been hosed and
shot full of Seaman semen twice so my asshole was sensitive and swollen and
super receptive for what ever D'Angelo was gonna throw at me and he knew
it.  Wrapping my legs around his waist, I yanked on his fur covered ass
cheeks, holding him inside of me.

"Tear me up!" I ordered.

"Oh, fuck, Sean!" he spat.  "Gonna wreck your hole!"

"Make me bleed, Squid!" I pleaded, meaning every fuckin' word.

"HUH, HO!" he rasped, surprised at my request for a hard fuck.  At the same
time, he started the meanest fuck he'd ever thrown into me.  Bending down
to kiss me, he whispered, "Your fuckin' mine!" just before he attacked my
mouth.  With our eyes wide open, we savagely sucked at each other's mouth.
For the first time since he'd dismounted, I saw Foxworthy sitting in the
corner watching us.  His face was rapt with attention and awe as he watched
how the big dogs fucked.

For the next several minutes I exhaled and held my breath for as long as I
could before gasping for breath only to exhale and hold it again.  In doing
so, my mancunt would relax and open to the assault on my innards.  Fuckin'
D'Angelo really poured it to me.  On my back I tore at him as he dicked me
deep.  After several minutes of that he flipped me on my side where the
fuck took on a completely different and pleasurable angle.  That lasted for
a couple of minutes but in that position the Stud couldn't get enough
traction to put it to me, so he flipped me over again and forced me onto
all fours.  Spreading my legs, I was able to put myself in a study position
and ram my ass back onto his cock as he held me by the waist and penetrated
me powerfully.  At that point, Cochran got into the act by crawling under
me and licking D'Angelo's cock and my gaping gash as we fucked.  The added
pleasure slowed us down a bit and gave us a moment to recoup some strength
because there was no way we could have continued at the pace we were going
at it.  Even Uncle Sam's finest had limits of physical exertion and we sure
were testing it.

D'Angelo's cock was ruling everything.  Pushing Cochran out of the way, he
pushed me down onto my belly.  From that position the fuck took on a
completely different tempo.  D'Angelo was completely lost in the
magnificent manpussy he was buried balls-deep in.  The fuck became all
about the feelings of lust that we harbored for one another.  The bigger
and stronger man wrapped his arms around me and loudly sucked on my neck
and ears, causing me to buck my fuckin' hole up at him.  Slow-dicking me,
he'd pull completely out of me before sliding back into me, all the way
along the fleshy walls of my mancunt, until his pubic bone stopped him from
crawling inside of me.  From there he'd do it all again.  It was raw and
male and savage and I had a fucking hard on like no tomorrow.

"Goddamn!" Foxworthy whispered.  The amazement in his voice was evident.

"Fuck, I know!" Cochran acknowledged.  "Look at the two of them fuck!"

"Ummmmmmmmmm!" D'Angelo whispered in my ear as he ground his fat bone in me
time and again.  Jesus, the guy knew how to fuck.

"Unnnnghhhhhhh!" I groaned involuntarily.

Holding tight against me, he slowed down and humped me slowly but surely
for several minutes.  It was pure magic.  Eventually we each needed more.
He picked up the pace as I pushed my butt up against him as far as I could
and held my breath while he fucked every ounce of muscle control out of me.
When I couldn't hold the position any longer, I collapsed in complete
surrender to the man and let him have his way with me.  All I was at that
very moment was a big fucking hole for him.  Being the perfect gentleman in
the sack, D'Angelo only took advantage of that for a minute or so before he
pulled out of me.  Right away, he started fingering my sloppy slot.

"Turn over for me," he said softly.  I did so slowly as he gently fingered
my fuckhole.  When I looked into his eyes I could see something different.
They were super intense and glued to my own.  As I moved onto my back, I
instinctively raised my legs.  Without breaking eye contact or pulling his
fingers from my hole, he moved into position.  Still staring down at me, he
slid his fingers out only to replace them with his powerful prick.  I held
my breath and clenched tightly to his sides as he effortlessly penetrated
my slut sheath until his scrotum lay softly on my butt.

It was one of those moments where I was unbelievably thankful that I was
born a man who takes it in the ass from other men.  D'Angelo slid in and
out of me with ease and with a different look on his face than before.
Instead of the half grin, boy-I'm-stoned look he usually had, he had this
contented look like he'd just found something he'd been looking for.  And
he had.  Deep seated inside of me, D'Angelo's eyes and face were telling me
that he was falling for me.  Not since Armando had fucked me the morning
he'd shipped out had I seen that look.  Lost in the moment, I felt it too.
At that very moment I couldn't imagine wanting any other man than the one
that was breeding me.  I fuckin' gave it up to him.  When I held my breath
the sensations his cock sawing over my butt nut caused were beyond
description.  I kept doing it until I'd almost pass out just to feel the
amazing power his cock had over me.  When I breathed in again, I smelled
the heavy scent of men.  Though I was used to my own masculine sweat scent,
that from the three of those Studs was very strong.  The room was ripe with
a brew of sweat and arm pits and balls and butt and testosterone, exciting
my senses.

Fox moved closer, bringing the two of us into the moment.  Once again, I
became aware of where I was and the fact that I was the guest of honor in a
mini gang-bang.  My chest swelled with pride that I'd been bedded by three
hot men.  As D'Angelo balled me, I reached out and wrapped my hand around
Fox's fat fuck nub.  I pulled him over to me and sucked his pud into my
mouth.  All at once I tasted cum and butt.  The fucker was fuckin' brick
hard.  Deep throating him as best as I could, I played with his butt which
the guy seemed to like.  A thick crop of coarse and curly red hair lined in
his crack and swirled around his hole as I buried my fuck finger to the
first knuckle.  For a guy that was supposedly a total top, he sure was lost
in lust when I fingered his manhole.  His butt opened pretty wide and as I
pried at his magic button a long drool of precum flowed from his piss slit
across my tongue.  Totally relating to his reactions myself, I remember
making a mental note to explore his butt feelings again sometime.  I heard
him moan again and looked up to see D'Angelo kissing him and working his
tits.  The little man was really getting a work over.  After a short while,
D'Angelo reached under his arms and pulled him toward himself into a
position where Fox was straddling me.  And there was that fuckin' ass of
his right in front of me.

While D'Angelo put it to me like a pro, I started licking his fur lined
crack before me.  Fox reacted immediately by pushing his butt back at me.
In no time, my tongue was at his back door.  He smelled heavy of sweat and
butt funk.  Oh, he was clean for sure, but I could tell he'd sweated up a
storm all day in his pants.  Like the fucking slut that I was, I ate his
funky ass while the man who knew my ass better than anyone on the ship
savaged my slippery sleeve with his sword.  Foxworthy went nuts.  I'm
guessing he'd not had too many men play with his butt.  The small but
powerful hunk damn near suffocated me when he forced his butt onto my face.
Everything felt too damned good.  I think I started to go into sensory
overload.  D'Angelo was hitting every fucking spot possible to make me his
butt whore.  Something was happening inside of me.  Every move the man
inside of me made just made my prostate feel all that much better.
Something was going on and I didn't want it to stop.  As I took his dick
and ate that ass, I felt the pressure building inside of me.  It was as if
something was coming but I didn't know what it was.  I was aware that I was
rapidly moving toward some kind of release but it didn't feel like I was
going to shoot my load.  I didn't know what it was but I got my answer
before too long.  Suddenly my guts went into a spasm.  I felt the
overwhelming need to push out and push out I did.  Violently and
uncontrollably, the muscles of my asshole tried to expel the butt baton
inside of me.  In doing so, my fuck hole became rigid, wrapped ungodly
tightly around D'Angelo's manhood.


"UUUUUHHHHHHHHH!" I groaned, the animalistic sound coming from deep inside
my chest and was literally being fucked out of me.  My asshole never let up
on it's grip and I couldn't stop it from pushing out.  D'Angelo kept
fucking me and the sensation of that intensified the spasms my body was
going through.  He must have pushed Foxworthy aside because the next thing
I knew I was staring into D'Angelo's intense eyes and he was speaking to me
as he rammed his cock into me.

"That's it, Stud!" he cooed.  "Fuckin' push it out.  Push that hole out!"

"Ungh!  Ungh!  Ungh!" he fucked out of me every time he rammed his cock in
me.

"OH, HO!  Let it go!" he encouraged.

Like I said, I didn't know what the hell was going on, but I knew enough
that some sort of release was coming.  When he fucked into me I could feel
that my asshole was very distended.  It was one big fucking tight rosebud
jutting out of my body and he was ramming his manhood into it and taking me
somewhere I don't think I'd ever been.  My fucking body started shaking.
Deep inside of me, he was tearing at something with his girth that was far,
far, far beyond my second sphincter.  And I had to have it.  I reached down
and tore at his waist.  Many men would have love handles for me to hold
onto but not this man.  I'm sure it was painful as I clawed at his flesh,
free of any fat to grab onto.  All I knew is that I wanted him to never
stop touching me where he was.  The shaking intensified to the point where
I snapped.  In a flash I was blinded as the most magnificent orgasm
overtook me.  Without ejaculating I entered a world so pleasurable that I
think I stopped breathing.  All I knew and felt was in my ass.  From the
blood engorged asslips sucking on the thick base of the man's cock to deep
in my rectum, the entirety of my being was centered in the powerful ass
orgasm he'd fucked me into.

In the midst of it all, D'Angelo couldn't hold out against the intense
tightness so he gave in to it and shot his wad.  I wasn't even aware that
his prick was pumping yet another load of nut nectar in me.  All I was
aware of was that I was a manhole wrapped around a super hard cock.  My
outburst lasted longer than if I'd cum.  It was the explosion that kept on
coming.  Talk about butt nut!  D'Angelo stayed dutifully in the saddle
until I started coming around.  When I became aware of my bearings, I
realized that I had the hugest smile on my face.

"Goddamn, was that ever intense!" I panted.  The other three laughed at the
understatement.

"What the fuck was that all about?" Foxworthy asked.

"Did you cum?" Cochran asked.  He seemed a little confused as to why I
hadn't spewed but obviously had had some kind of orgasm.

"No.  It was different," was all I could say.

"Well, I sure did!" D'Angelo crowed with a shit eating grin on his face.
We all laughed.

"Yah?" I asked.

"Dude, I just shot a fuckin' gallon of scum in you!"

At that point it was obvious to me that I'd been seeded again.  "I can feel
it," I said.

"Fuck-an-A, Dude!  What the fuck was that all about?" he asked.

"Pretty intense, huh?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"Your fuckin' hole went haywire!" he said.

"What happened?" Fox asked again.

"I dunno man," I answered, "something snapped inside and all of a sudden it
was fire in the hole!"

"Yah, it was.  It was like his hole was trying to push my cock out"

"Oh, it wasn't trying.  It was full-on doing it" I informed him.

"Yah, it was," he agreed.

"Why?" Foxworthy was still stumped.

"Dunno, Dude," I told him.  "All I know is that I started pushing out and
couldn't stop it"

"You should have felt it," D'Angelo said to Cochran as he slowly extricated
his softening spear from my depths.

"Yah?" Cochran asked with interest as D'Ang plopped down next to me.

"Goddamn, man.  Fucker got so tight and pushed so hard that I had to fight
to keep it in him"

"Really?" Cochran asked.

"Damn right.  Brought me right off"

"WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED?" Foxworthy hissed.

"Fuckin' ass orgasm, dipshit" I explained.

"And you didn't shoot your load?" he asked redundantly.

"Do you see any cum?" I asked sarcastically.

"You still horny?" he asked, ignoring my sarcasm.

I thought about it for just a second and realized that even though I'd just
had a powerful release, I was still in need of getting my rocks off.
"Believe it or not, yah," I informed them.

"Then give me another piece of that," Foxworthy insisted as he crawled over
to me.  The man wasted no time in crawling between my legs and lifting them
up.

"Give me a second," I whispered as I started stroking my half bone back to
life.  In short order I was again hard and my butthole was starting to feel
empty.

Cochran slid over and put a lip lock on me.  While one of his hands pinched
my tits another slid between my legs and played with my gash.  It wasn't
too long before he had his long and lean fuck finger in me up to the web of
his hand.  "He's ready," he announced, pulling it out after a couple of
minutes.

With my legs in the air, I reached down and pulled my asshole open.  Fox
quickly lined his fat knob up with my slippery slash and let me have it.
Like a hot knife in butter, his fat prick penetrated me.  In just a minute
or so, he was fucking hard and fast into me and I was taking it like a man.
Not too hard to do after being fucked three times, mind you.  While
D'Angelo rested from his impressive action, Cochran kissed me and worked my
hard tits while Foxworthy showed me his stuff once again.  I was wide open
and the guy found me wet and receptive to whatever he wanted to do to me.
The least talented top in the bunch, he still gave me a pretty good fuck.

It didn't take long for D'Angelo to join in on the action.  After a couple
of minutes, he swooped down on my Johnson and sucked it down.  At that
point he and Cochran were starting to crowd one another so Cochran moved
around behind Foxworthy where he could eat the tight butt on the man.  From
Fox's reaction there was no question he had a man's tongue up his ass.
D'Angelo then moved around into a 69 position above me where he proceeded
to swallow the entire length of me.  Gawd, was he ever a great cocksucker.
I returned the favor by sucking his half hardon into my mouth.  It was ripe
with the scent and flavor of my butt and the last of the load he'd shot in
me was still leaking out.  In no time he had my balls buzzing which told me
that it wouldn't be too long before he was going to bring me off.  As if
that didn't feel good enough, Fox was really making some tracks in my tush.
It all felt so damned good that I just let go and let the chips fall where
they may.

The more the Stallion slurped on my creambone, the tighter my butt got,
which I'm sure brought Fox closer to nutting.  After all, he was getting it
at both ends as Cochran ate his ass.  I started feeling that ever so
familiar tingling in my prostate.  It hardened against Fox's fat fucker,
giving me even more pleasure.  The warmth and wetness of D'Angelo's fuckin'
mouth was awesome.  It was as if the man had no teeth!  My legs started
feeling a little weak.  As my breathing got harder, my toes curled with the
first sign that I was gonna blow.  Faster and faster, Fox was fucking my
ass.  All of a sudden he stiffened and nearly silently fired another load
of Sailor spunk into me.  Though I hadn't expected him to cum that soon, it
turned me on something fierce to know that I was taking yet another
man-load inside of me.

D'Angelo was listening to my moans and groans and, knowing I was on my way,
swallowed me whole and buried my cockhead in his throat.  That did me in.
After only about 30 seconds of that I was locked and loaded.  Fox was spent
but still inside of me.  The cock in my ass, the mouth on my cock and the
strong scent of men in the room and that which was emanating from the pubic
bush and crotch above me ganged up on me like the men that had taken me one
after another.  All sensations were centered in my cock and ass as I
prepared to fire.  I spit out D'Angelo's manhood so that I could breathe.

"OH GOD!" I cried.

"Yah, fucker!" Cochran prodded from my side.  "Shoot that load!"

When he reached down and felt my asshole with Fox's cock in it, I lost it.
"ARRRRRGGGGGHHHHH!" I screamed as the first rocket of spew jetted from me.
What followed was a fucking flood of fuck sauce.  I nearly blew D'Angelo's
head off with my pent up load.  Goddamn, I really let him have it.  Like a
champ however, he swallowed it all and didn't miss a drop.  "OH!  OH!
OH!," I rasped as his throat swallowed my cock.  What a fuckin' cum!  Man,
there's nothing like an awesome blow job, is there?  And D'Angelo was a
world-class cocksucker to boot.  Whewie, am I a lucky fucker!

When it was all over, I was fuckin' spent.  I couldn't have moved from that
spot if the guys had carried me.  D'Angelo, Foxworthy and I were all beat
so the three of us simply collapsed in a heap.  It was hot and muggy and it
smelled sinfully of mansex.  If anyone had opened the hatch door on the
bulkhead they wouldn't have needed to see us to know what had been going on
in there.  The smell of mansex alone would have busted us for sure.  It was
a real chance we were taking.  I always thought of that after I'd cum.  But
I was too fucked out to care at that moment so I just allowed myself to
revel in that tangle of arms, legs and hard bodies.  While the three of us
cooled off, I could see Cochran sitting in the corner watching us.  He had
a bone-on and was stroking it slowly to keep it alive.  I just knew he had
some plans for me.

Laying on my back with D'Angelo on one side of me and Fox on the other, I
forgot about my worries and drifted off for a little while.  I'm not sure
how long I'd dozed of for before I was startled awake by something.  My
feet were spread wide, pulled up near my butt, bringing my knees up.  That
left my butthole a little exposed and I felt the pleasurable sensation of
somebody licking it.  When I opened my eyes I saw the other guys still next
to me, so I could only assume that horny Cochran was going at me.  The guy
was insatiable and ate ass like no tomorrow.  Before long, he had my legs
in the air and his tongue buried in my sloppy, slutty and scumy asshole.
Hell, it felt great and if he wanted to eat my ass who was I to stop him,
huh?

Well, one thing led to another and before long my moans had caught the
attention of the other two.  It didn't take long for the two of them to get
into the action once they realized what was going on.  Ah, nothing like the
virility of young men!  To be early 20-something again, huh?  Before long,
Fox's tongue was dueling with my own and D'Angelo was sucking on my tits.
It sure felt great to have 3 hot men working on me.  I can't say I didn't
enjoy being the guest of honor that night!

This went on for a while Cochran coaxed my cock until I was fully hard.
Then he moved into position and, smooth as silk, slid his cock inside of me
once again.  Though I was a little sore, I was in no position to protest.
It felt too good as he slowly sawed in and out of me.  While the other two
worked me over, Cochran took me for another ride that was the icing on the
cake.  Not as intense as the fuck D'Angelo had thrown me, it was
never-the-less blissful as he touched those special spots in the deepest
regions of my depths.  Still and all, my ass was pretty sore and he knew
it.  Though he was no quick ride, he didn't waste anytime getting to the
point.  When he really started driving it home I figured he was going to
cum before long.  Not wanting to be left high and dry, I jacked myself off.
As soon as I touched my own bone, my butt slammed tight on the man's magic
muscle which brought him off in a jiffy.  Less than a minute later he was
coating my cooch with my fifth load of the evening.

As soon as I felt the heat of his hosings, I sped up the action on my skin
flute.  While D'Angelo sucked and pinched harder on my tits, Fox and I
swapped some serious spit.  All of that and the still hard cock in me
brought me closer and closer to creaming until I finally sprayed the four
of us with my fuck fuel.  By the time I'd finished firing I was thoroughly
fucked out.  As good as he'd felt before, I just wanted Cochran out of me,
so I pushed him away from me.  I remember at that point feeling very sated
as his manrammer left me empty, but I was so over cock.

Soon after that, the four of us got dressed and, one by one, left the
confines of the little room that had been our fuck den for the preceding
two plus hours.  The guys wanted to hang out some more but I was a fucking
mess and begged off.  My clothes clung to my sweat covered body and cum and
butt slime were leaking unchecked from my hole.  I couldn't have held it in
if I wanted to as there was no muscle control left in my butt.  When I got
to my quarters my pants were soaked through.  After a hot shower I went
back to my quarters and realized just how hot and muggy it was.  I slipped
on a pair of skivvies and hit the rack with a vengeance.  Sleeping on my
belly, I was aware of my throbbing asshole all night.  Tossing and turning,
I kept dreaming that one Squid after another kept coming in, mounting me
and dropping his load only to be replaced by yet another man.  As sore as
my asshole was, I still had a hard on all night at that thought.




Remember, I'm reserving all rights to this and all other stories in the
series.  Please don't copy or post them elsewhere.  I'm always happy to
hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.  Contact me at
billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sun, 14 Jul 2002 21:56:42 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 16

A Few Good Men 16:
On Board III


Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 15, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another series, `Nailed', in Nifty's
Athletic section, precedes this series.  They all contain sex between men.
Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between consenting adult
men or if you're underage or if this is not allowed/illegal where you live,
then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the `A Few Good Men' series
is largely true.  Yah, so what that most of the names have been changed to
protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories
I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very
early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe
sex because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex
with condoms didn't really come into play full force until like the mid
80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys
back then and, luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the `A Few Good Men' series.




I didn't let the emptiness I felt bother me too much.  How was it possible
to do so with an Italian Stallion like D'Angelo putting it to you on a
regular basis?  It was cool that there was no pretense of any kind of
relationship with him other than just being hot fuck buddies.  We got along
very well so when we were off duty, we hung out on deck in his "spot".
Doing so, I learned a little more about him and life as a Squid.

It seems that there was a little network of gay guys onboard.  Like he'd
told me before, most of them were tops.  How cool was that for me?  Imagine
a bunch of tops with no bottoms around to take care of their needs.  That
must have been torture for them.  Anyway, they'd been a loose-knit group
for quite a while and, as young men are apt to do, most of them had paired
up at one time or another to take care of one another's needs.  The more
D'Angelo told me about this group and their couplings the more intrigued I
got.  Intrigued, hell.  I was thinking about dick.  And lots of it.  As
good as sex was with him, I still couldn't help but think about the other
gay men onboard.  After all, from what D'Angelo said, they were all
apparently tops and at my young age, my dick was definitely doing my
thinking for me.  That and my ass.  That aside, true to my age and naivete,
I think I was subconsciously romanticizing that maybe I'd meet another
Armando in that group.  So I pressed on.

"So, who are these other guys?" I asked.

D'Angelo got a grin on his face and answered, "Ah!  You're looking for more
cock, aren't you?"

"Would you pass on another hot piece of ass?" I challenged.

His grin got bigger.  "No, I guess I wouldn't, would I?"

"You know damned well you'd nail any hot assed Stud that would let you," I
said.  He never answered, but he didn't have to.  His eyes told me that I
was right.

"You really wanna pass on this and chance it with other guys?" he teased,
cupping the ample bulge in his pants.

"Who says I can't have that and some other guy's as well?" I queried.  He
laughed out loud.

"You probably could keep more than one man happy, couldn't you?"

"Try me," was all I said.

"You fucker, you're not giving me up, are you?" he asked with a furrowed
brow.  The expression on my face told him just what a stupid fucking
question that was.  No way was I gonna give up his hot action.  Still, I
wanted to see just what kind of action I could stir up elsewhere.  "Ok,
Dude, you're on.  As long as you're not gonna leave me high and dry, I'll
introduce you around to the guys.  We'll see if any of `em strike your
fancy"

Hanging with D'Angelo was actually pretty cool because he was
happy-go-lucky and a lot of fun.  It didn't hurt that he was also a very
attractive man who got easily aroused.  I never had trouble getting any
action from him.  If he wasn't already making his moves on me, all I had to
do was hint that I was in the mood and he was on me like ants at a picnic.
Needless to say, I got my share of dick whenever we could sneak away.

Like one night we went out to the spot where we'd met, the same place where
that asshole Bauer had brutalized me.  I followed D'Angelo out there
knowing he was going to smoke a joint, which he did quickly.  Afterward we
stood together and watched the passing sea for quite a while.  We spoke
infrequently in whispers while he puffed a couple of cigarettes away.
Other than the sound of the water below, it was dead silent.  I was just
enjoying the awesome late night tropical weather and the way the moonlight
danced on the waves.  Because he was taller than me, he put his arm around
my shoulder and I put mine around his waist.  I was enjoying the feel and
male scent of him and D'Angelo was enjoying his buzz.  After we'd been out
there for over 45 minutes and hadn't seen or heard another soul, we started
thinking about fucking around.  I know I was at least and he always seemed
to have my ass on his mind.  As long as we remained in our darkened hiding
place it was a pretty safe bet we weren't going to be seen so we could fool
around as long as we didn't get too heavy.  Never-the-less, I was
constantly scanning for "visitors" in the area.  After a while, he started
running his hand up and down my back and it felt great.  When he cupped my
ass it confirmed that he was looking for a little action.  Frankly, I
couldn't have been happier.  While he ran his hands over my butt, I reached
down and felt the growing erection in his pants.

"Ahhhhh, man," he sighed as I squeezed.  Damn, he had a nice dick.  "I'll
give you all night to stop that shit," he whispered in my left ear, while
running his strong fingers over my butt crack through my pants.

"Likewise, Stud," I cooed.

It didn't take long before we had one another's pants open and down.  I had
my hand wrapped around one fat slab of meat and he was up to the first
knuckle of his fuck finger in the sweetest ass he'd ever had.  The tepid
tropical air of the night enveloped our privates, making the slow action
feel all that much better.  Before long, the man was standing behind me,
gnawing on my neck while he worked another finger in alongside the first.
He himself was rock hard in my hand and had started leaking precum like a
big dog.  Ah, the life of two homos onboard a Navy ship.  I couldn't help
but wonder how many other guys out of thousand or so on board were coupled
up and doing the nasty right then.

D'Angelo was a confirmed butt man so it didn't come as any surprise when he
slowly slid down my back and onto his knees behind me.  Kicking my legs
apart, he pushed me forward as he started nibbling on my butt cheeks.  It
didn't take him any time at all before he was zeroing in on my pucker.  No
sooner had he touched it with the tip of his tongue before he started
eating my ass in earnest.  Right out there in the middle of the Pacific,
that Stud bent me over and ate my ass under the stars.  It was fucking
awesome.

That went on for like 10 minutes or so before he stood up and wrapped
himself around my backside.  While he kissed and bit my neck he whispered
nasty shit in my ear.  Promising to fuck me to tears, he moved his meat
into my buttcrack where he slowly moved it up and down.  I felt him back
off of me for just a moment, then heard him drool a long line of saliva
down onto his bad boy.  Being the cock hound that he was, he wasted no time
finding my hole, slippery with his spit, with his wet and engorged knob.
Ever so slowly he rocked us back and forth as he worked his boner into my
butt.  When he felt a little resistance, he wrapped his hand around my own
hardness and slowly jacked me off.  Man, it felt awesome.  Wet with my own
dick dew, his callused hand worked the sensitive head of my cock.  The
sensations of that alternately caused my asshole to clench tight and open.
The buttfuck master really showed his skill as he zeroed in on the rhythm
of my ass spasms and pushed in a little deeper each time my butthole flared
open.  While working me over but good, he took his time penetrating me.
The man's perfect penis filled me slowly and I felt like I became his.
When I felt his pubic hair and balls touch me, I knew he'd almost
completely taken me.  I became unbelievably aroused at that point.  Pushing
back on him, I buried him to the short and curlies.

"Oh, what a fine fucking ass," he whispered into my ear as he worked my
neck.

Over the next several minutes the man slowly fucked me from behind, all the
while chewing on my neck.  He picked up the pace slowly until he was sawing
in and out of me at a moderate pace.  My legs were getting weak with the
sensations the awesome fuck was sending through my body.  Using the
continuous flow of hump honey he was fucking out of me, he worked the
entire length of me while fucking deeper and deeper.  Holding on to the
railing in front of me, I bent over and gave him even greater access to my
guts.  Like a pro, he clued in to my need and fucker me even faster.  The
setting, the weather, the man, his prick in my ass, his hand working my
bone and, yes, even the danger of getting caught in the act all started
ganging up on me.  I knew I was getting close to losing it but I just
didn't give a damn.

"You're gonna make me cum!" I warned.

"That's the idea, Stud.  Get your nut"

"Oh, damn!  I don't know how much longer I can hold off!"

"Don't hold off.  Let it go," he cooed as he licked my ear.

As my breathing got more and more labored, he picked up the pace of his
fuck.  With the action on my Jackson, I know I was a tight fuck.  It had to
feel good for him.  It seemed like we were both sprinting for the finish at
that point.  I was just trying to make it last and I think he was giving it
all he had to catch up with me.  Finally I just couldn't hold off any
longer.  My legs started shaking and I held myself up as best as I could,
but it was a losing battle.  I felt like I was melting toward the deck.  In
doing so, I was merely ramming his cock even deeper inside of me.  All of a
sudden I felt like I was floating and I was off like a goddamned rocket.

"UNNNNNGGGGHHHHHH!" I rasped at my ejaculation overtook me.

D'Angelo slowed down the fuck pace yet kept a steady rhythm on my boner.
"That's it, baby, cum for Daddy," he whispered as he felt the first jets of
jizz shooting from my dick.

It felt great to cum.  As I did so I lost the support of my legs, sinking
down on his hardness.  He'd been fucking me with bent knees.  While I was
cumming, he straightened his legs.  Being as though they were longer than
mine, he ended up lifting my feet off the ground.  My asshole clenched
around his turgid tube was now supporting me, pressing all of my weight on
my prostate, deliciously and torturously smashed against his fuck stick.
Volley after volley of cream spurted out of me, spilling all over the
railing and onto the deck below us.  That fucking Stud let me finish
cumming completely before he even considered getting his own nut.  I
remember being in that tingly afterglow of my cum when I felt him crouch
down a bit until my feet hit the ground once again.  That's when he begin
to move inside of me once more.  His cock was rubbing over my spent and
burning prostate, which felt awesome.  The man pushed me into more of a
bent over position and moved more rapidly inside of me.  Shot out, my
sphincter was constricted tight around his generous girth.  He didn't have
to fuck my hole for very long before he rammed it all the way in and hosed
me full of his ball beer.

"AAAAHHHHHHH!" he groaned loudly as he gunned off in me.  I don't know what
it was about that particular night, but of all the times the guy shot his
wad in me, that one sticks out in my mind.  Maybe it was the animalistic
way in which we fucked.  There really hadn't been much kissing or anything
like that.  It was just two men with needs taking care of one another.  And
my reward for putting out for the bigger and stronger man was the heated
load of ball batter that he was filling me with at that moment.  What a
fucking life, huh?  Bent over a rail with a hard and fat 8" cock rammed
deep and unloading in you.  What the fuck else could you ask for?

While cooling off he kept me hunched over the railing with his spent butt
baton planted in me.  After awhile his penis slowly slipped out of me and
when it did he pulled me up straight and hugged me tight from behind.  My
pants around my ankles, it felt great to have him wrapped around me. Once
done, I felt empty and yearned for more of him.  We stood there holding on
to one another while he smoked a cig.  Cum was running out of my butt and
down my leg and I was damned happy that it was.

Over the course of several days, D'Angelo introduced me to several guys
here and there.  The first was a tall and thin blonde named Andersen.  He
was a Squid from Minneapolis or somewhere near there.  There didn't seem to
be an ounce of fat on him.  His skin looked as if it'd never seen the sun.
From looking at the chiseled features of his handsome face, I doubted that
he had to shave more than once or twice a week.  That wasn't the most
striking feature of his face though.  It was his lips.  They were ruby red
and the way they exploded into a smile could make any guy's heart race.
From a distance, you would recognize that he was better than average
looking.  Up close though, his demeanor and that fucking smile made him
very, very sexy.  And he seemingly didn't have a clue.  Andersen had been
in the Navy for about 3 years and was on his second WesPac tour.  He liked
the Navy and it showed in his interests.  I thoroughly enjoyed talking with
him for about an hour the afternoon I met him before he went off to duty.

That night D'Angelo pulled another buddy of his aside to meet me.
Berentino was a fucking hunk.  Built like a brick shithouse, he must have
been about 5'10" and 200 pounds of some of the finest Italian manflesh I'd
ever laid eyes on.  Hard muscles bulged everywhere from the man's clothes.
The thick hairs on his arms and those jutting from the neck of his T shirt
told me that the man was covered with a heavy pelt of fur.  Right away I
noticed two things that made my butt twitch.  He had huge arms and a
tubular protrusion in his pants.  From all appearances, the guy was hung.
I noticed all of this as D'Angelo called the guy over and I was instantly
hooked on him.  That didn't last very long however because he was loud and
brash and crude with a heavy Brooklyn accent to boot.  Damn!  The guy was
everything I wasn't looking for in a guy.  Where I preferred men to be
assertive, even aggressive, he was just a loud mouthed braggart.

>From the moment we were introduced, Berentino was on the make with me.
Normally that wouldn't have been a problem except that his ways were as
crude as he was.  All kinds of innuendoes and other profanities just poured
out of the guys mouth.  Instead of touching me in even a suggestive way,
the guy was simply grabby.  He was hot stuff, for sure, it's just that not
only did he know it but his actions and his mouth told you all about it.
The guy totally turned me off as I'm sure he had plenty of others.  In a
matter of a few minutes I made up my mind that there was no way he was ever
going to get into my pants.  I had to get away from him.  I flashed
D'Angelo a look that said "no fucking way" and excused myself.  Even with
that, Berentino made it difficult to leave quietly. Goddamn, the guy was
fucking obnoxious

In my haste to get away from those guys I didn't pay attention to my
surroundings and in a few moments I ran into Bauer, the rapist.  "Well,
hey, look who's here.  It's the faggot!" he said snidely.

"Bauer!" I said, not knowing what else to say.  The bigger man had
surprised me and it was obvious.

"How ya doin', faggot?"

"Knock it off, Bauer.  It's tired"

"Where you going in such a hurry, faggot?"  His words were calm but
menacing.  Remembering that the last time I'd seen him was when he forced
himself on me, I looked around for some reinforcement.  I could see
D'Angelo and Berentino in the distance, walking across the deck into
darkness.  Knowing D'Angelo, I was sure they were heading off to smoke a
joint.  There really wasn't anybody else nearby but seeing as though we
were pretty much in the open, I didn't feel threatened.

"Look, Bauer, just leave me alone.  I'm not looking for any trouble,"

"No problem, faggot, I'm not looking for any trouble either," he said
menacingly.  "Just some head"

"Can't help you there," I said, walking around him as he was standing in my
way.

"Oh, but I think you can," he retorted.

"Nah uh.  Not ever"

"You sure seemed to like it before," he teased.

"Never again!" I affirmed.

"Oh, what's the matter, faggot?" he said patronizingly, "Are you pissed off
at me?"

"What the fuck do you think?" I spewed, still on the move.

"Aw!  Little faggot didn't like what he did?"

His comment angered me enough to stop me in my tracks.  Looking around to
see who was within earshot, I spat at him, "You fucking asshole!  You hurt
me!"

"Comes with the territory, faggot!"  His words were icy.  The look on his
face was the same.

The guy was such a fucking prick.  I was enraged.  "Get the fuck out of my
way, Bauer" I hissed as I pushed him aside.  "You're such an asshole," I
continued as I walked away.

Suddenly, he grabbed me.  "Yah, and you're a cocksucking faggot who needs
to be knocked down a peg"

"And you think you're the man to do it, huh?" I challenged, yanking my arm
from his grip.

"What do you think?" he shot as he pushed me hard.

Standing my ground I challenged him.  "Listen up, asshole! Yah, you're
bigger than me and you probably could kick my ass.  But in the process, I'm
gonna hurt you and hurt you bad."  Stepping in closer to him and expecting
a fight, I continued, "You want to take me down, you take your best shot.
`Cause I'm not going down easy.  Now get the fuck away from me"

He just stood there, looking at me.  The tension was high.  Pointing at me,
he finally said, "Fuckin' faggot, I'm not done with you"

"Well, I'm done with you, asshole!" I said, walking walked away.

"You better watch your back!" he yelled.  Without looking back I flipped
him off.  Fucking douche bag had balls.  Damn, was I fucking mad.  Mostly I
was mad at myself for putting myself in the position that made it possible
for him to force himself on me.  It took me a long, long time to realize
that that was fucked up thinking.  It didn't help me sleep that night,
however.

The next day when I ran into D'Angelo he asked why I'd suddenly ditched he
and Berentino so quickly.  I clued him in on how much of a jerk I thought
Berentino was and that I couldn't wait to get away from him.

"Um.  That's a shame," he said, "the guy's got the hots for you"

"That's too bad.  He's still a jerk"

"Aw, c'mon!  The guy's not that bad," he said.

"Never gonna get in my pants," I reported.

"Never?"

"Never!"

"He's hung, Dude" D'Angelo said enticingly.

"Then let him fuck you!" I shot back with force.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!  What's up, little Dude?" he asked with a grin.  "Who
the fuck are you pissed at?"

I told him about my confrontation with Bauer.  He immediately suggested
that he go "have a talk" with Bauer. I declined.  Then he suggested we
"take care of the guy".  Again, I told him to drop it.  He did, but not
before he told me that he wanted to know if Bauer gave me any more trouble.
There was something about the way he said it that made me think that he
wasn't kidding.  I remember wondering if he might have a few "connections"
or something.  That's certainly how he was talking anyway.

Not too long after that conversation we ran into another buddy of his.
This guy's name was Foxworthy.  He was about my age, probably 5'8" and
quite a stocky dude.  He was all red hair, freckles and dimples when he
smiled.  Not an Adonis by any stretch, but far from ugly.  He had nice arms
and a broad, tight chest from where his nipples stood at attention.  It
kind of made you want to tear at them with your teeth.  Foxworthy was kind
of quiet but something about him was very sexy.  His demeanor was very
masculine and relaxed.  Nobody would have ever guessed this guy was gay.
He stood and talked with us for several minutes before moving on to
wherever he had been going.  While he'd been talking to us there was
something going on between he and D'Angelo.  They seemed to be sparring.
Though he seemed to be a tough little fucker, Foxworthy seemed to defer to
D'Angelo a bit.  I couldn't quite figure out what was going on.

"What the hell was that all about?" I asked when he left.

"Oh, nothing," D'Angelo answered, validating my suspicions.

"Nothing, hell," I shot back, "you guys seem to have a little unsettled
business or something"

"Well, not exactly"

"Well, exactly what then?" I insisted.

"Oh, he's just pissed at me and this guy, Cochran"

"Is Cochran another of your top buddies?"

"Yah.  So is Foxworthy"

"I figured that too.  So what's he pissed about?"

"Oh, nothing..."

"...out with it, Dude," I insisted.

"Oh, it's really nothing," he grinned.  "It's just that Foxworthy lost a
bet to me and Cochran," he explained.

"What kind of bet?" I persisted.

"It was more like drawing straws"

"And he lost?"

"Yah"

"What did he lose?"

D'Angelo's face exploded into his trademark "don't give a shit" grin.  "His
ass," he said.

"His ass?" I asked, grinning back.

"Yah," he continued, grinning even larger.  "The three of us were hard up
and agreed that the loser was gonna put out for the other two"

Laughing out loud, I asked.  "For real?".  He nodded.  "You guys are too
fucking much!" I chuckled.

"Hey, a guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do," he said smiling.

"So Foxworthy drew the short straw, huh?"

"Oh, yah"

"So you and Cochran fucked him?"

"Oh, yah!"  There was that shit eating grin again.

"Cool!"

"That's what I thought.  Ever since though, he's been bent outta shape over
it.  Says we were too rough"

"Were you?"

"I wasn't.  You know how I fuck," he said flirtatiously, making me laugh
again.

"Oh, yah, I know how you fuck," I retorted, flirting back.  Continuing, I
asked, "What about Cochran?"

"Cochran was rough.  He loves fucking ass but he's a get-the-job-done kind
of guy.  He probably was a little rough on him.  He's got a pretty long
dick too"

"Long?"

"Yah, maybe 9 inches or more.  Not too big around," he informed.  That made
my ass twitch for sure.  There is nothing like depth to this here Gyrene.

"When did you guys do this?"

"About a month ago"

"And Foxworthy is still sore?"

We both bust out laughing at the double entendre.  "Yah, he's pissed
because neither one of us will turn tail for him now"

"Why not?"

"Wasn't part of the deal," he answered honestly.  "'Sides, you know I don't
do that"

"Well, did you guys at least take care of him?"

"Hell yes!" D'Angelo fired back incredulously.  "Jesus, Dude, you know I
always take care of my men" he continued, rubbing my arm briefly.

I imagined him using his fine rimming or blowjob skills on Foxworthy.  Then
I thought of his hot cock in the guy's ass.  How could Foxworthy not like
that?  Fuckin' tops just don't know when they've got it good.  "How about
Cochran?" I queried.

"Cochran's a totally different story," he sighed.  "The guy doesn't know
shit from shinola when it comes to treating a guy right"

"No?" I asked.  In the form of an answer, he shook his head.  "Poor
Foxworthy, huh?"

"Yah.  Not only did he bend over for Cochran, but he got nothing in return
except for a hard cock in the ass"

"Some of us wouldn't complain about that!"

"True.  But Foxworthy's not one of `em"

"I understand.  So what's between you guys?"

"Oh, he's just feeling all weird `cause he took it in the ass.  Like he's
less of a man or something"

"And you're not about to make him feel any better about it, are you?"

"Na ahh!" he answered from behind another big grin.

I met Cochran a couple of days later.  He was no slouch in the looks or the
bod department.  The guy stood taller than D'Angelo's 6' but probably
weighed about the same.  He wasn't thin but he didn't have a lot of bulk on
him either.  He did have a great ass.  Though I knew he had a long cock,
there wasn't much of a basket to prove it.  Definitely a briefs guy.  His
hair and eyes were the same color brown, though his thick moustache was
lighter.  That and his longer sideburns made him look a little older than
his mid 20s.  He was a pleasant looking guy who seemed to be just coasting
through life.  It was no wonder he was buddies with D'Angelo.  I have to
confess that even though D'Angelo had told me that the guy was a fuck and
run dude, part of me was itching to put out for him.

Just before meeting Cochran a guy named Perris came and hung out with us.
When D'Angelo introduced us, it was clear that Perris had heard of me.
"Pleased to meet you," he smiled as we shook hands.  "So this is Sean," he
said, nodding and smiling to the Italian Stallion.  I remember feeling his
fingers on my arm as he did so, which caused me to look down.  The guy's
hands were massive.  I gave D'Angelo a look that said, "Who the hell is
this guy and why does he seem to know who I am?"

D'Angelo smiled and explained.  "Perris is a long-time buddy of mine.  No
secrets between us.  We go way back"

"Yah?  How far and whaddya mean no secrets?" I asked warily, knowing from
the look on D'Angelo's face what at least part of the answer was going to
be.

"Back as far as boot camp.  And he knows you're the finest fuck on the
ship," he deadpanned.

"Jesus, D'Ang'," Perris choked, laughing with a little bit of
embarrassment, "Real smooth, buddy," he finished.

"Just what I was thinking," I chimed in.  I'm sure I turned a little red.
"And nice to meet you, Perris"

"Well, hell, I just thought we'd get it all out in the open," D'Angelo
stated with a smile.

"Well it is that," Perris sputtered, still a bit embarrassed.

"Is he like this all the time?" I asked him.

"Sometimes worse," Perris chuckled, "'specially when he's stoned"

"Which I take it is a lot," I said, throwing a little barb.

"Oh, you bet!" Perris belted out, approving my missile with another laugh.

I actually liked Perris right from the start.  A tall black man, he easily
stood 6'3" or more and though he was a bit lanky he had great body
definition.  He wasn't hard on the eyes at all, but with his personality
that wouldn't have been necessary.  The guy just exuded class and humility.
Damn, he was sexy.

"Perris here's really hung, McLellan," D'Angelo informed me.

"Enough, D'Ang'," Perris said sternly to D'Angelo.  I detected a bit of
irritation in his voice.  Then, turning back to me, he continued calmly and
nicely, "we wouldn't want to scare this handsome guy now, would we?"

"Should I be?" I asked, wondering if they were putting me on or not.

D'Angelo started to say something, but Perris shot him a look that must've
said "shut the fuck up" because he did.  "You'll never have a reason to be
afraid of me," he said in the most disarming way.  Geez, the guy was a real
charmer!  I was instantly drawn to him. In fact, I dare say I was a little
smitten on the spot.  Even before I learned that he might be super hung!

Over the next couple of days I ran into just about every one of the guys
that I'd met through D'Angelo, both with and without him around.  To that
point I had liked everybody D'Angelo had introduced me to---except for
Berentino of course.  That goes without saying.  Among everyone in the
group though, Perris was definitely my favorite.  As nice as it was meeting
and getting to know him, the biggest surprise---or should I say
shock---came out of the blue one afternoon.  I was sitting on the deck
laughing it up with Perris and a buddy of his when I heard D'Angelo greet a
newcomer.

"Hey, look who's here," I vaguely remember him saying from behind me before
continuing with, "it's Padilla!"  That I heard and it hit me like a ton of
bricks.  My fucking head spun around so quickly that I swear I got
whiplash.  Fuck me if it wasn't the hot Latino stud I'd shot a boatload of
cum over!

"Hey, buddy!" Padilla said, walking our way.  I was sitting down, frozen in
position.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  As usual he didn't even seem to
notice me.  That was until D'Angelo called my attention to him.

"McLellan, come meet my buddy Padilla," he instructed.  "He's a Grunt like
you."  I rose and turned automatically toward them.  My heart was
racing. "Padilla, this fuckin' Jarhead is McLellan," he said in his
familiar smart-assed way.

Padilla looked my way and reached his hand toward mine.  His hand was rough
like a man's and his shake was firm but mechanical.  He shook just like we
all do when we meet a stranger.  The handshake was almost over when all of
a sudden I saw something in his eyes.  "McLellan," he said in a tone who's
meaning I couldn't quite figure out.

"Lance Corporal," I said knowingly even though he wasn't wearing a thing to
identify his rank.

All of a sudden he turned to D'Angelo with a quizzical look on his face.
Right away D'Angelo grinned big and nodded.  Some unspoken question had
just been answered.  Still shaking my hand, Padilla turned back to me and
said, "McLellan!" with a definite tone of recognition.  It made me smile.

"So, you guys have met," D'Angelo assumed.

"Not really," Padilla answered, still shaking my hand.

"Not yet," I confirmed.

"Ahhhh," D'Angelo drawled, the light bulb going off in his head, "but
you've seen each other around, huh?"

"Yah," I replied immediately.

"Yes," Padilla chimed in.

"Yah?" I asked him with surprise.  Remember, I didn't even know he knew I
existed.  I thought he was straight.

"Oh, yah!" he affirmed, making it clear that not only had he seen me around
but that he'd definitely paid attention.  I like that in a man!

"Cool" was all I could say.  By Padilla's smile it was all I had to say.

"So, where have you guys seen each other?" Perris asked.  We turned to him.

"Oh, around..." I answered vaguely.

"...around his Quarters," he interjected.

Again I was surprised.  I didn't have to say anything, my confusion was
obvious.  As an answer to my unspoken question, Padilla rattled off exactly
where I was racked.  I was stunned.  You could have knocked me over with a
fucking feather.  The few times I'd seen this fantasy god he'd never showed
any interest in me and suddenly he tells me he knows where I rack?  I think
my mouth must've been gaping open.

"I'm pleased to finally meet you," he said, smiling politely.

"Likewise," I replied with a big grin of my own.

When we got down to talking, it seems that Padilla and me had some sort of
a mutual admiration thing going on.  Both of us had assumed the other was
straight and, as such, had been reluctant to start any kind of
conversation.  Well, for my part that only happens when I'm incredibly
attracted to another guy.  The longer we talked the more I began to feel
that it was the same with him.  I think at that very moment if somebody
would have mentioned Armando I would have said, "Who?"  I was that stricken
with the guy.  He was everything I lust after in a man.  Bigger, stronger,
super-masculine, great looking, hairy, built and maybe most of all, tall,
dark and handsome.  And for what it's worth, my 5'9", blonde and blue good
looks definitely seemed to ring his bell as well.  He was just the kind of
man that I loved to have notice just how high and tight my bubble butt was.
Though we weren't able to talk much then, we made plans to get together and
do so the next day.  I was freaking giddy after meeting Padilla!

Unfortunately, our meeting the next day never happened.  Nor the next or
the next.  It seems like one or the both of us had duty or extra duty or
something that interfered.  Though I was bummed, I knew that there was some
chemistry there between us and that we'd eventually get a chance to get to
know one another better.  It was funny, as major as my hots were for him, I
wanted to get to know the guy before having sex with him. That's how
excited I was about the guy.  And I got the impression from him that he
might feel the same as well.

Meanwhile, I hung with the still sexy but usually stoned D'Angelo.  We even
managed to fuck a time or two.  "You've caused quite a stir amongst the
guys, Stud," he announced one afternoon as we sunned on deck.

"Yah?" I asked, not really surprised.  As I'd met the guys, most of them
had made their interests pretty clear in conversation.  Some of `em weren't
even very subtle.  That was cool, because I found most of them pretty hot
in their own rights.

"For sure," he answered, "Especially Berentino" I could tell he was kidding
me but only half-way so.

"Yah, well he can count on never getting any of my stuff," I stated firmly.

"You really don't like the guy, do you?"

"What was your first clue?"

He laughed.  "Must've been the way you blew him off about 5 minutes after
you met him"

"Must've been that"

"He IS really hung, you know"

"Then there is one good thing about him" I said sarcastically.

D'Angelo had a great big belly laugh over that comment.  "Damn, you're
harsh!" he chuckled.

"Only when I don't like somebody, and I don't like him," I shot back.

He signaled surrender on the subject with, "Ok, but I think you're missing
something.  He's really got the hots for you..." his voice trailing off.

"So who else is interested?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"All of `em," he answered, confirming my suspicions.

"Well?"

"Well, they all know you and I have been doing the dirty dance and even
though I've told `em we're just fuck buddies, I think they're reluctant to
make any moves," he told me before asking, "We are just fuck buddies,
right?"

"Yah, you're not too stoned to understand that," I said smiling.  "Fuck
buds we are"

"Cool"

"And don't be so quick to think that none of them haven't made a move on
me," I announced, just to mix it up with him.

"Yah?" he asked excitedly, sitting up on his elbow.

"Yah"

"Good for you.  You were looking for some dick.  Looks like you might've
found it"

"Yah, it does"

"Padilla?"

"What about Padilla?"

"Have you done him?"

"No!"

"Whaddya mean, `No!'?  Are you interested in him or not?"

He was so funny.  "Hell yes I'm interested in him.  Just haven't had a
chance to get together yet"

"You gonna take him to our spot when you do?"

"Um, where else would I and when did it become "our" spot?  We're fuck
buddies, remember"

"Touch�," he laughed.  We basked in the strong, late afternoon
mid-Pacific sun in silence for a while longer before he mentioned what had
really been on his mind.  "Some of the guys really are interested in
getting it on with you."

"Great.  Bring `em on"

"Who should I bring on?"

"Anybody except that asshole Berentino is fine with me," I shot back
bravely.

"Anybody?"

"Yah"

"Everybody?"

"Whaddya mean everybody?" I asked, a little puzzled

"Would you be open to more than one of us at a time?" he asked slyly.

"More than one at a time?" I repeated, getting a little excited.

"Yah"

"How many of you?" I asked.  I dunno why but the thought of getting it on
with more than one man was pretty hot.  Oh, hell.  I do know why.  Need I
say it?  I was young and dumb and full of cum.  And when it came to most
men, I was thinking with my dick.

"Just a few," he answered casually.

"You sure?" I quizzed him cautiously.

"Yah.  Just a couple of the guys and me for a little fun," he hoarsed in a
raspy, sexy voice.  That and the fact that he was brazenly stroking the
side of my butt told me that he was getting turned on.

"You'd be there," I confirmed.

"Oh, yah, no problem.  I'd be there in case anything got out of hand"

"No Berentino," I said firmly, consenting to his idea.  "And just a few," I
added.

"Just a couple of the guys and me and no Berentino.  I promise"

"I don't even want him to know about it," I insisted.

"Mum's the word," he promised.

We lay in silence again for a while.  I kept vacillating between disbelief
and excitement that I'd just agreed to take on D'Angelo and a couple of his
closest friends at once.  "When?" I asked before I could chicken out.

"How `bout I see if I can scrounge up a crowd for tomorrow night?"

"Tomorrow?" I asked with some hesitation.

"Yah.  What's the matter?  Got a hot date?" he kidded.

"No.  But it just seems so soon"

"Sooner is better than later," he cliched.

"Yah?"

"You want dick don't you?"  It had been 2 days since we'd fucked.

"Yah"

"Done.  Any preference on who?"

"Not Berentino!" we both said at the same time.  "Oh, is Perris really
hung?"

"He's really hung"

"Then I'm not so sure about him either"

"Let's just see what happens," he said looking at me.  "I promise you won't
have to do anything you don't want to do," he continued, soothing my
nerves.

So, it was set.



Remember, I'm reserving all rights to this and all other stories in the
series.  Please don't copy or post them elsewhere.  I'm always happy to
hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.  Contact me at
billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2002 00:21:17 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 15

A Few Good Men 15:
On Board II


Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 14, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another series, `Nailed', in Nifty's
Athletic section, precedes this series.  They all contain sex between men.
Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between consenting adult
men or if you're underage or if this is not allowed/illegal where you live,
then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the `A Few Good Men' series
is largely true.  Yah, so what that most of the names have been changed to
protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories
I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very
early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe
sex because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex
with condoms didn't really come into play full force until like the mid
80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys
back then and, luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the `A Few Good Men' series.





D'Angelo was one hot mother fucker.  He smoked way too much pot for my
taste, but he was one helluva hot man.  And a great fuck.  He had this one
spot on deck that he hung out at when he was off duty.  It was a great
place to watch guys as they came and went below deck.  I had no problem
meeting him there just about any time he wanted me to.  When you're one of
the Marines who's butt the Navy is hauling around the Pacific you don't
really have all that much to do.  So I hung out there with D'Angelo a lot
and watched all the hot men I couldn't have.  Oh, and D'Angelo and I fucked
as much as we could too.

Both of us were understandably careful about just going down and fucking in
our hiding place whenever we had the urge.  Even though we were thinking
with our dicks a lot, we were also aware of the fact that we could easily
be caught.  And in the mental place I was in back in those days, that would
have been a disaster.  Now I'm not so sure I'd give a shit.  Whatever.
About 2 days after the first time we fucked, we were sitting around
shooting the shit in his spot and he was really getting me hot with his hot
talk.  All the fucker could talk about was how he was gonna eat my ass
before fucking it for like a million years.  That's all this lonely Gyrene
needed to hear.  In no time he had me eating out of his hand.  And he knew
it.  For about an hour in the afternoon he talked solid about the nasty
things he was gonna do to me.  And then he got up to leave.

"Um, if you're lookin' to be manhandled like that, I'll be back here at
21:00 hours," he said casually, referring to all the hot shit he'd been
dishing out.

"Huh?" I asked a little dumbfounded that he wasn't interested in running
off and fucking at that very moment.

"You heard me, Grunt!" he chuckled.

"Not now?"

"Nah," he said in his strong east coast accent.  "I gotta go get something
to eat first.  Before I eat your ass," he finished in a whisper.

"Yah?"

"Oh, yah!" he boasted.  "Knowin' you, I'm probably gonna be fucking that
hot ass of yours half the night to get you off!  I better get something to
eat `cause I'm gonna I need my strength," he continued, groping himself
quickly.  I got the message.

His ballsiness made me smile.  "Yah, I guess you are gonna need your
strength," I affirmed.

"21:00?"

"I'll be here"

"Cool.  See you then," he said as he turned and left.  I watched him walk
away.  What a fucking Stud he was.  The man looked almost as good from the
back as he did from the front.  He had the broadest shoulders and a strong,
muscular torso that dove south onto probably a 31" waist atop an awesome
pair of tight and defined butt cheeks.  Man, I loved burying my face in his
butt!  Suddenly I was all excited about getting laid again.  Just knowing
so made me hornier than usual.  It seems like I was sizing up every guy
that I came across that afternoon.

While grabbing chow, I saw this hot Latino guy in line that I'd checked out
before.  Over the previous couple of weeks I'd noticed him around and,
although initially we had brief eye contact and a friendly nod or gesture
that guys do, it was clear he had no interest in me.  I never really even
got close enough to get his name.  He was just another Jarhead and I was
dying to meet him.  Every time I saw him, I had to avoid staring at him
because I was certain he was straight.  I sure as hell didn't need another
Randall Bauer on my hands.  Understanding that, I was content checking him
out on the sly whenever I ran into him.  It's just that his guy's flawless
dark skin, heavy 5:00 shadow and intense black eyes seemed to draw me to
him.

Like before, I tried to steal glances without him seeing me which wasn't
all that hard because it was obvious that he didn't even know I existed.
Being extra horny that day though, I took some extra chances and moved up
quickly when I saw him in the chow line.  I was right behind him when he
turned around and looked past me to something of interest.  That's when I
saw his name.  PADILLA.  Lance Corporal Padilla.  Definitely one of Uncle
Sam's finest.  Based on my height in comparison to him, he had to be right
at 6' tall.  Being right behind him, I stared at his model perfect ass with
impunity.  Each globe filled his trousers magically as well as flexed
independently as he moved.  On top of that was probably a 32" waist that
showed it was devoid of fat under his tight shirt.  The waist quickly
fanned out into a broad back and impressive shoulders.  It was his guns
that stopped my eyes however.  His fucking arms were great.  Really great.
They were big and bulging and the hair on them all grew in one direction.
He definitely had the arms of a man.  While he moved about I caught just
glimpses of his hard pecs pushing out on his shirt.  As hot as the whole of
the package was, I just couldn't get over his ass.  I watched where he sat
and placed myself where I could get a great view.  If I'd jacked off enough
over this Stud in the past, I suddenly had a whole new fantasy to get me
through the lonely nights.

Because I'd eaten early, I had time to hit the shower while most everyone
else was eating.  On a Navy ship there is absolutely no privacy, especially
in the communal showers so a guy really had to be careful about where and
when he chose to clean up before getting fucked.  Being a resourceful guy
though, I was able to rinse myself inside and out without any problems that
night.  In no time I was ready for whatever D'Angelo could throw my way.  I
was so damned excited about putting out for him once again, that I was on
deck and in place at just after 20:00 hours.  For nearly an hour I was
squirming in my seat just thinking about taking his dick.  Like clockwork,
D'Angelo appeared just before 21:00 hours.  From the grin on his face I
could tell he was stoned.  That he reeked of grass when he got close to me
confirmed it.

"Damn, D'Angelo," I kidded, fanning the heavy pot smell, "aren't you afraid
of getting busted?"

"Whaddya mean?"

"Oh, c'mon Dude!" I laughed.  "You reek of pot"

"Really?" he queried with a slightly paranoid look on his face.  I love
fucking with people's heads when they're stoned.

"Duh!  You can really smell it, man"

"Whatever," he grinned casually with that typical D'Angelo
I-don't-give-a-shit attitude.  If you understood anything about the man,
that was it.  He really didn't give a shit about much.  He was content to
just go with the flow, smoke a little grass and drink a little beer.  Oh,
and fuck as much ass as he could get his cock into.  That was D'Angelo.  No
stress in his life!  "Let's go," he ordered as he walked away.

I quickly caught up with him and followed him below deck as I had before.
Like a man on a mission, he made a bee-line to our secret spot.  Once we
neared that hatch in the bulkhead, he looked around quickly.  Seeing nobody
near, he opened it and hustled me inside.  I'd barely cleared the door when
he was right on my backside.  Suddenly the hatch was closed and latched
and, once again, we were in near total darkness.  Not wasting any time, the
guy was all over me.  As he was kissing and groping me all over, he was
quickly leading me to the little hideout where we'd fucked so freely a
couple days earlier.  In a flash he'd pulled enough of the fire hoses down,
making a passageway big enough for us to crawl through.  In the dimmest of
light I could see him motion with his head for me to crawl inside, which I
did.  Again right on my heels, the Italian Stallion crawled in behind me
and restacked the hoses he'd moved.  We were once again safely surrounded
by walls of fire hoses in that private hidden area about the size of a
double bed.

Comfortably entombed in our little fuck den, we tore into one another like
two ravenous wolves.  That's actually a pretty good analogy seeing as
though most men are like dogs, huh?  Whatever.  His aggressive moves
immediately told me that D'Angelo was starved for sex.  That was way fine
with me.  Just by his intensity, I could tell that he was going to be a
fine ride that night.  And a fine ride was just what the Doctor ordered.
That fucker had ignited a flame in me when we'd fucked before and, until he
started mauling me and tearing my clothes off that night, I hadn't realized
just how sex starved I was myself.  It was all I could do to keep up with
the man as he forcefully pursued what he was after.  That fucking Squid had
only one thing on his mind and he was hell bent on getting the job done.
He was everywhere on me at once.  His mouth and hands seemed to move like
magic over me as he undressed me.  Following his lead, I undressed him item
for item as he did me.  Well, as best as we could with boots and shoes on.
After our T shirts went flying, he ripped down my pants as far as he could
before pouncing on top of me.  Kissing me deeply, he moved from my mouth to
my neck and back as his fingers gently prodded at what he wanted most from
me.  I spread my legs as best I could, giving the powerful man access to my
most private parts.  Oh, fuck could he make magic with his fingers!
Suddenly, he swooped down onto my chest where he sucked on my nipples,
alternating from one side to another.  Immediately, about 240 volts of
electricity shot from my pecs into my cock and balls which opened the gate
to my guts to his advances.  Being the right man in the right place at the
right time, he gently slid his middle finger inside of me as my butthole
relaxed.  Geez, we hadn't even been at it for more that a couple of minutes
and the guy already had his fuck finger up to the web of his hand in me!
Am I easy or what?

As he stroked my butt nut, I gave it up to him.  My butthole was mush in no
time.  I just knew we were going to have a great fuck soon.  How I managed
to undo his belt and pants while he diddled me into oblivion I'll never
know.  I guess I was just on autopilot, huh?  After all, I'd undone more
than a few men's pants at that point in my life!  When I'd gotten his pants
undone, I reached in and gripped onto the hard root the man was going to
ball me with.  Stroking up and down the length of him, I felt the wetness
of his nut nectar pouring out of him.  Fuck he was hard!

"Get your fuckin' boots off!" he barked as he ripped his finger out of me
with a pop.  Suddenly I was empty and definitely in need of more.  D'Angelo
wasted no time in sitting up to shuck his shoes, so I did the same.  Like a
good Marine, I had mine off in no time as did he.  Instinctively, the two
of us stood up in the short space and shed our pants and skivvies in one
motion.

We fell to our knees and then together in a strong embrace that started
what was to become a balls-to-the-wall fuck session to end all others.
Almost right away he had me lowered onto my back and was on top of me where
he sure as hell belonged.  D'Angelo spared no moves on me as he guided us
down the mansex path.  The fucker was a total animal that night and I was
certainly his willing prey.  Like the two young, hot, strong and fit men
that we were, we rolled around in that confined space like two wrestlers
locked in carnal competition.  His lust was enhanced by his buzz and mine
by his moves.  It was a perfect fucking match.

Damn him if he didn't work my neck nearly right away.  My immediate
reaction was that I was putty in his hands.  I couldn't help but raise my
legs and expose my butthole for him to move in on.  No surprise there, huh?
Before long he had once again buried his fuck finger in me and was rubbing
that ever hardening walnut a few inches inside of me.  It was so apparent
that the Stud was no stranger to a man's asshole.  As he slowly stroked me
inside, I opened up to him until he was able to slide yet another digit in
alongside the first.  We were on the fast track to a fuck and I no longer
cared just how much foreplay he was gonna give me.  All I wanted at that
very moment was that hard and fat 8 inch Italian salami that throbbed in my
hands.  Like they always do when a man plays with my butt, my legs were up
and completely out of the way of any access he might want to my assguts.

Without pulling his fingers out of my butt, the man suddenly turned me over
and started seriously working my neck.  I pushed my butt back and drove his
probing digits as deep as they could go.  It felt so damned good that I
could have been happy with just that action for the night.  Ah, but I knew
something better was going to come!  As I pushed my butt muscles out, I
made room for yet another one of his fingers inside of me.  Completely
enjoying the sensation of being filled with three independently moving
digits, I thrashed my face against the coiled cotton hoses beneath us.  As
I did so, some sort of cloth popped up.  While D'Angelo readied my hole for
a hosing, I reached up to see what it was that I'd found.  I soon
discovered that it was a pair of discarded skivvies.  They were crusty in
places so somebody had obviously used them to clean themselves up after a
hot fuck.  This told me that our little fuck den wasn't the most secret of
places after all.

I was in pig heaven as D'Angelo worked my hole looser.  The bigger and
stronger man maneuvered me onto my back again before lying completely down
on me and engulfing my mouth with his own.  His rough hands stroked up and
down my sides as he ground his hard cock against mine.  Consumed with our
deep kisses, the man fed me his tongue and I sucked on it greedily.  He
tasted of pot and cigarettes.  Pumping against one another, we took great
pleasure in the friction.  Before long, I'd raised my legs up high and was
rubbing my inflamed pucker against his throbbing tube.  Fuck, I was ready
to be penetrated by him.  Just sliding his wet weenie along the length of
my asscrack set the guy off even further.  It was as if he'd just been shot
with adrenaline.  His soft and insistent mouth was all over my neck, my
ears, my mouth and down onto my chest.  While he gently slid his fingers
over my asslips, he suckled hungrily on my hard pecs.  Nearly tearing them
off with his teeth, the hot man made music on my tits.

All of a sudden he was licking and sucking up and down my belly and sides.
Being nearly the most sensitive flesh on my body, I thrashed about trying
to keep him away.  Not having any of that, the guy overpowered me and held
me in place while he tortured me deliciously as he nipped and licked at the
super ticklish sides of my belly.  I had no choice but to surrender to his
moves which, in turn, aroused me even more.  By the time he was licking the
sensitive flesh of my groin, I was in a heat that nobody could have
stopped.  I was also being a little loud I'm afraid so, to quiet me down,
D'Angelo reached for what ever he could to cover my mouth, which ended up
being the discarded skivvies I'd discovered earlier.  When he held them
over my mouth, I discovered they were not only a little crusty but also
filled with the heavy scent of cum and butthole and fuck.  It turned me on
something fierce to realize that D'Angelo had shoved what was obviously
somebody's dirty shorts and cum rag into my face.  How hot is that?

By now my butthole was pliant and getting very wet from it's own juices.
All a man has to do is work my hole and it'll take care of the lube it
needs to make things fun.  Fueled by the intensity of our pre-fuck
activities, D'Angelo worked his way down to my butthole.  That nasty fucker
started licking my hole as he finger banged me in and out.  Damn, it was
hot!  When he couldn't stand it any longer, he pulled his fingers out and
shoved his tongue inside of me as far as he could.  I distinctly remember
him nearly bending me in half to get at my butthole.  The fucker ate me
with wild abandon.  I worked with my butt muscles hard and pushed as much
of my inner flesh out for him to lick and suck as possible.  Damn, there's
nothing like the sensation of a man's tongue deep in your butt to get you
hot for his cock!  I have no idea how long the man feasted on my hole.  All
I know is that I was starting to hyperventilate from the sensation.  Laying
there a bit lightheaded I surrendered all the sensitive flesh of my mancunt
that I could.

After what seemed like an eternity, the Squid pulled off my butt.  As he
lowered my legs I could feel the air cooling on the wetness of my open
hole.  The fat head of his cock slid inside of me without even a warning,.
Without lube it was at first it was a little sticky, but just the thought
of him penetrating me made my butthole flare, allowing more of him to sink
inside of me.

"That's it, Stud!" he cooed as he moved the couple of inches he had in me
back and forth.

Oh, man I wanted him inside of me!  I pushed down and opened more of my
guts to him.  The assmaster pushed harder and his bone-on slid along on the
spit and ass slick that were there.  Still and all, I needed some lube to
take his big bone so I reached over to my pants and retrieved the lube that
I'd brought with me and handed it to him.  Like a pro, the buttfuck Stud
slicked my gaping asshole with it before putting a generous coating on his
manhood.  Once done, he tossed the lube aside and aimed his steaming snake
at my fuck flesh.  And so it was.  Just as naturally and carnally as men
have done since Buttfuck 101, the cornholer penetrated me slowly and
painlessly until my swollen asslips were kissing his short and curlies.

"Unnnnggggghhhhh!" I groaned as he breached the second sphincter deep
inside of me.

"Oh, man!" he panted.  "We are way far along the buttfuck trail tonight,
huh?"

"Uh huh," I moaned.

"You ok?" he asked, his cock frozen still in my depths.

"Oh, fuck yah!" I retorted.

"You wanna get fucked in the ass, doncha?" he chuckled.

"Fuck me deep and hard, Squid!"

"Oh, gawd yes!  I'm gonna fuck me some Jarhead cunt!"

"Yah, fucker!  Fuckin' nail me!"

"Goddamn, Sean, you are some hot mother fucker!" he spat as he pulled his
cock nearly all the way out of me.

I could hardly see him but I could sure smell and feel him.  As he slid the
fat length of his manhood back inside of me, I was reminded of why I'm a
man that takes it in the ass from other men.  "AHHHHHHH!" I groaned as he
bottomed out in my butt.

Guys, for the next several minutes I lay there and took one of the finest
fucking cocks a man could ever want.  Without an ounce of pain or
discomfort, the cocksman thrilled me with every fucking move he made.  Slow
and deep at first, he worked his bone in and out of me until I was pulling
on his hard and furred butt and begging him to put it to me harder.  And
harder he did.  With the force of a man consumed by what his cock was
feeling, the guy showed me exactly why he was glad he was a man that fucked
men in the ass.  Picking up speed, he dicked me deep while moving around
inside of me.  That churning of my guts left me with little muscle control,
allowing him to probe deeper and deeper into my being.  Faster and faster
he put it to me until finally his hips had to be a blur as he sawed into
what he told me later was the most amazing mancunt he'd ever had.

Just when I thought he was going to cum, he'd slow down to an
excruciatingly and deliciously slow pace that overheated my already
engorged prostate.  The fucker knew exactly what he was going as he slid
his rambone over my butt nut.  Then he'd start picking up the pace once
again until he was finally in an all out assault on my ass guts.  Goddamn,
it was an amazing fuck!  No matter what he did to me that night I took it
like a man.  He really worked me over and all I could do was cling to him
in ecstasy and hope that he would last at least as long as I did.  I
needn't have worried about that however.  I don't know exactly how long it
was, but it must have been at least 20 minutes into our fuck when I started
feeling the beginnings of those uncontrollable urges to cum.  The guy was
pushing me down Buttfuck Road like a pro and I suddenly felt as though he
was going to make me cum if he didn't stop.  At first I didn't want to
because I didn't want it to end.  But then it just felt too damned good and
I knew that I was gonna spew without even touching myself.  And that's
about all it took to get me to the very brink of orgasm.

The way my butthole was undulating, there was no question that I was about
to lose it.  My freaking prostate was hard as a rock and swollen up about
to what felt like the size of a grapefruit.  D'Angelo could do no wrong.
As long as he simply moved his bone in me, he was giving me extreme
pleasure.  Those telltale spasms started deep in my guts and suddenly I was
so lost in a fucking orgasm that I nearly passed out.  Big boy fucked me
faster as he heard my breathing and groans get harder and harder.  He
rammed me deep and hard right up to the point I started jetting jarhead
jizz all over the place.  The second the pro felt that first shot of spooge
he buried his bone in me and fucked me with short little jabs, maximizing
the pressure on both my prostate and my second sphincter.  He fucked me
right into a ferocious orgasm.

"UUUUNNNNNGGGGGHHHHHHHH!" I wailed as his cock head worked my second
sphincter.  At the same time I could feel that hard column of flesh of his
sliding over my joy button.  It doesn't get better than that.

"Oh, yah, fuck!" he sighed as my hole clamped tightly around his salami.

Jet after jet after jet of jizz spewed out of me and onto my chest and
belly as that Squid stuck me deep.  I flushed about a gallon of nut butter
before I even knew it.  That and the sucking action on his Jackson was more
than the Sailor could take because the next thing I knew he was moving in
and out of me again.

"OH, NO!" he moaned, "FUCKIN' GONNA CUM!"

"AHHHHH, YAHHHHH!" I cried as his moves prolonged the intensity of my
orgasm.  For the next few seconds I rode the bone as he fucked the final
spasms out of me.  I wasn't completely shot out before he finally lost it
himself.  I was still shaking and twitching when I felt that awesome warmth
you do when a man cums inside of you.  Gawd, I love men!

"FUCKIN' CREAMIN' IN YOU!" he shouted as he rammed it in balls deep and
seeded me.  Spurt after spurt of his spunk scalded my entrails.  Goddamn,
but he sure shot a big load in me!  And he was just as helpless as all men
are when they jet.  Holding on tight, he flushed his balls as his orgasm
overtook his being.  There's nothing like a big and strong man when he's
cumming.  In about a minute it was all over for him.  His body relaxed from
it's muscle taut stance.  Throwing his head back he chuckled, "Fuck an A,
Gyrene, did you get fucked or what?"

"I've been fucked for sure, D'Ang!" I answered.  "Damn, Dude, you sure can
fuck a mean ass!"

"Me?  I'm nothin' compared to how you can take cock, Stud!  I can't believe
the action you can handle"

Both of us were completely fucked out at that point but I don't think
either of us wanted to untangle.  I wanted him inside of me and he didn't
act as if he wanted anything other than my super heated guts surrounding
his prick.

"Don't pull out of me!" I begged as he moved into a more comfortable
position on his knees.

"Oh, don't worry, man!" he panted in heavy breaths, "I'm gonna stay inside
of you for fuckin' days!"

"Yah?"

"I'm never leavin' this fuckin' hole!" he proclaimed before quickly
maneuvering us so that he was laying on my back with his still hard
howitzer buried balls deep in me.  His bone was still pretty damned hard
and, despite the fact that I'd just shot my wad, it was touching places in
me that felt just too damned good.  He lay on my back until his cock
softened.  When it slid out of me, he moved onto his back and pulled me
down to lay next to him.  When I did, he moved his arm and pulled me onto
his chest.  Laying there, I found him very, very sweaty and heavy with the
scent of man.  His heart was still beating much faster than a resting pace,
belying his recent physical activity.

After several minutes I began to get restless because the thought of
getting caught was heavy on my mind.  Funny how you never think of that
until you cum, huh?  "Do you think we should get out of here?" I asked.

"Huh?" he answered a little groggily.  I think with the heavy workout and
his buzz he'd drifted off a bit which told me he was totally content.

"I said, do you think we should get out of here?"

"Why?"

"We could get busted," I answered with a little chuckle, thinking the
danger of that was obvious.

"Busted by whom?"

"I dunno"

"The guy that left these?" he said, holding up the used skivvies he'd
shoved in my face earlier.

"Well, yah"

"And if we did?" he continued.  "Nobody's coming in here that's not gonna
be doing exactly what we are"

"Yah, I guess you're right"

"It might be kinda fun if he came back for these, doncha think?" he said as
he dangled the skivvies over us.

"Fun?"

"Yah!" he said excitedly, "You might have two or three Studs to dick you"

"Hmmmmmmmm" I mused.

"Bet you'd like that, huh?"

"I dunno, Stud," I said, "I think you might have worn me out"

"Yah, shit!" he snorted.  "You better not be worn out"

"I'm not really"

"I figured that.  I'll lay odds you could take on a whole crew with that
ass"

"Yah?"

"Oh, yah!" he snorted.  "Seems no matter how much I give you, I get the
impression you could take a lot more"

"Dunno about that, Stud"

"Why not?"

"'Cause you fucked me off tonight, Dude"

"Yah, I did and that was hot.  But I still think you could do some damage
to a few guys at a time"

"Hmmmm.  Never thought about it"

"Never had more than one man at a time?"

"Well, two..."

"Yah?  How many times have you done that?"

"Just a couple"

"Atta, boy!" he laughed hugging me.  "How was it?"

"Pretty cool"

"Yah, I can imagine with an ass like yours" he said, making me laugh.  "I
mean it, man.  You've got a special fucking talent for taking cock.  We
could use a man like you around"

"We?"

"Yah.  We.  The guys"

"What guys?"

"Just a group of guys onboard that have gotten to know one another.
Problem is we're all tops"

"Really?" I asked with some interest.  "Sounds interesting"

"Yah, well maybe if you're good, I'll introduce you to some of `em," he
chuckled.  "Meanwhile I've got plans for you"

"What's that?"

"More fucking?" I asked, hoping for the right answer.

"Oh, you bet your ass we're gonna fuck some more! I'm not even done with
your ass tonight" he proclaimed.

"Yah?"

"Oh, yah.  I've just begun to fuck, Jarhead.  You got some fuckin' butt on
you.  You can really take it and I just wanna give it to you all night
long"

"For real?"

"Shit, you didn't even think that I was done with your ass, did you?"

"I wasn't sure"

"You up for some more fuckin'?" he asked.

"Fuck an A, Squid!  I'm always up for more fuckin'" I laughed.

"Well, then just give me a couple of minutes to reload here and I'll show
you why us Squids are the best fuckers"

"Is that so?" I queried.

"Yah.  We already know who takes it up the ass the best!" he said,
referring to my special talents.

"You like that, huh?"

"No doubt.  The big question is do you?"

"Yah, I do"

"I can tell by the way you take the action.  Damn, Sean, how the fuck can
you take it in the ass like that?"

"It's hard to explain, Dude.  It's just what I do"

"It's more like it's who you are" he corrected.

"That too"

"Oh, the guys are gonna like you!"

And so the conversation went.  Two of Uncle Sam's lean and mean fighting
machines laying naked together in their secret hiding place onboard a Navy
ship while a couple of thousand of other Sailors and Marines went about
their business.  There was a very strong male scent about us and his went
right to my fucking dick every time I breathed in.  It wasn't a few minutes
before I started feeling amorous once again.  Even in the sweaty heat of
that tight enclosure I was laying half way on the left side of him.  While
we talked nasty, he began running his hand up and down my back.  From his
angle the very top of my butt crack was about as far as he could reach.  He
played with the small crop of blond hairs that grew between there and the
small of my back.  Before long that led to some kisses which quickly led to
the full arousal of the two of us.

When I felt D'Angelo's manhood again it was hard and slippery wet.  In the
heat and humidity it had not had the chance to dry off and get sticky from
our earlier mating.  He pulled me up on top of him and filled my mouth with
his tongue.  The man had both hands on my face as he kissed me powerfully.
Every once in a while he'd swoop down on my neck and ears to kiss, lick and
nip at me.  As he did so, my legs instinctively spread over him until my
sloppy wet hole was rubbing up and down the rigid length of him.  Reaching
down between my legs, he gently fingered my gash that was leaking the
spooge he'd jetting inside of me not 15 or 20 minutes earlier.

"Ah, fuck, Man!" he cooed.  "Feel that fuckin' wet hole!"

"Ummmmmm" was all I could say as he gently slid his fuck finger inside of
me.  "AHHHHHHHHH!" I groaned as he rubbed over that hard walnut inside of
me.

"You're fuckin' mine, Gyrene!" he proclaimed as he made magic on my butt
nut.

"Oh, fuck yah!" I moaned.

"Gonna fuck you hard!"

"Oh, fuck!" I shuddered as he picked up the pace. He had two fingers in me
and he was rubbing them all over my man clit.  The fucker had me powerless
to resist his moves.  I could no longer control myself.  It felt so damned
good that I just let my butt muscles relax and opened my rosebud to his
advances.

"F U C K ! ! ! !" he groaned when he felt my hole get big.  "Oh, you
fucker!  You need to be filled, doncha?"

"OH, YAH!" I panted as he played with my butthole.

Without missing a beat, he continued to finger bang me with one hand while
he pulled me up towards him with the other.  All of a sudden, his hard cock
was at my back door.  "Sit down on me, Baby!" he cooed.  I obliged by
pushing back and feeling his big knob slip past my distended asslips.  "OH,
HO!" he cried at the pleasurable sensation of my warmth surrounding his
cock head.  It felt so damned good to have him inside of me again.  I just
wanted to take him all.  Pushing back on his bone, I impaled myself using
the slick of our earlier fuck as lubricant.  In a flash his fuck bone was
balls deep inside of me.  Reaching down, he gripped onto my burgeoning
boner.  The grip of his callused hand told of his maleness.  The
slipperiness of our earlier fuck coated his hand and my bone as he worked
me.  The sensation caused my butthole to clamp down tight on his prick,
giving him even more pleasure.  While the man worked my pud with his hand,
I worked his with my buttflesh.  It was awesome.

The more I moved on his hardness, the more I wanted it.  Back and forth, up
and down, to the left, to the right I moved.  It seemed as though
everywhere I moved, his fucking prod touched something inside of me that
turned up the fire already raging.  As the action increased, I moved my
feet further and further up his sides.  Before long, my toes were buried in
his armpits.  Holding on to his chest and shoulders I alternately raised
and lowered my butthole on and off of his tremendous tube.  At that angle,
I was able to work the ample girth and entire length of the man's penis.
Fuck it felt good!  I have no idea how long I fucked myself up and down his
proud prong, but it wasn't until my legs started to cramp that I even gave
a fleeting thought of changing positions.  When I slowed down to rub my
right leg, D'Angelo caught on and took control of the situation.

Before I even know what was happening, he'd pulled me off of him and buried
my face in the coils of cotton covered rubber hose beneath us.  Kicking my
legs far apart he pulled my butt in the air, exposing my hole in it's most
vulnerable position.  The next thing I knew he rammed all 8 inches of
Italian salami into me.  And with that he was off on a hot and hard man
fuck.  No woman could have handled the action that I did at that moment.
The fuck was all about a powerful man fucking another man in the ass to get
his nut.  And fuck he did.  Within a minute or so our position changed so
that his legs were between mine, keeping mine far apart and my shoulders
and face were laying nearly flat on the coils below me.  Only my ass was in
the air and it was filled with some of the fattest cockflesh I'd had in
eons.  Using the cum and ass slime from our previous fuck, the man power
fucked me like no tomorrow.  And it was just what the Doctor ordered as far
as I was concerned.  All I wanted at that time was to be dicked and I
didn't give a damn about foreplay or kissing or anything.  I just wanted to
be penetrated with his dick of death.

Finally when we'd been fucking for like ten minutes like that the two of us
were a little worn out.  We were both ready for a little more lovin' and
less heavy duty fucking.  Wordlessly, he communicated his need by moving me
on to my back where he lifted my legs and slowly slid his hard howitzer
into my slutty depths.  From that position on his knees he slowly and
easily laid pipe in me, 8 glorious fucking inches at a time.  Like I'd done
a couple of hundred times before and certainly thousands and thousands of
times since, I lay there and gave that man every possible square fucking
inch of my hole.  It's what I do.  Wham, wham, wham, the powerful Squid
fucked into me.  He wasn't holding anything back as he mined my guts for
friction.

At first the heavy duty action fucked my hardon right out of me.  In a
matter of minutes though it had roared back and was throbbing stiffly on my
belly as he poured it to me.  It felt so good when his hairy belly rubbed
against the sensitive underside of my wet willy.  Too good, in fact.  I
reached down and wrapped my hand around my own hardness and stroked myself.
With that, my butt tightened around the turgid tube the fucking Stud was
ramming in and out of me, increasing both his pleasure and mine.  Damn,
there's nothing like the feel of a hard cock deep in your ass and something
sliding over the trigger ridge just below the head of your dick.  While
D'Angelo poured it to me I jacked myself off and got lost in the
sensations.

If there was one thing D'Angelo wasn't, it was a short ride.  The guy had
stamina and seemed to be able to fuck me long and hard.  Just like I like
it.  At the same time, with the heavy gut rearranging he was giving me, the
action on my Jackson wasn't about to bring me off anytime too soon.  So we
just fucked and fucked and fucked.  Two hot, hard and sweaty homos
alternately giving and then taking pleasure from one another.  One fixated
on penetrating the other deep and fast until he got his nut.  The other
totally into getting his guts rammed by a big and hard fucking cock until
he gave it up.  A perfect match.

The faster D'Angelo fucked me, the faster I played my own fuck fiddle.  The
cum and funk from our earlier fuck was hot and slippery and made the
perfect lubricant as my tight mancunt clung desperately to my top man's
battering ram.  In and out, back and forth, deep and wide he power fucked
me.  In unison, the two of us moved closer and closer to getting off.  He
was first.  I could tell when he picked up his brutal pace to that of a
jackhammer that the guy was getting close to losing it.  It seems I matched
him stroke for stroke.  The sound of his pelvis pounding against my butt
each time he bottomed out in me got louder and louder as the speed of his
fuck increased.  At one point it was so fast that it almost sounded like
someone was clapping.  Sprinting for home, the man started shaking as the
first tremors of his orgasm started.

"Fuckin' gonna nut you, man!" he sputtered.

"Get your gun, Dude!" I encouraged as my breath got more and more labored
as I myself started feeling that familiar tingling in my balls.

"OH YAH!" he hissed, "FUCKIN' GONNA UNLOAD IN YOU!"  I could tell he was so
close.

"I wanna feel it!" I whimpered as he tore into my asshole.

"HERE IT COMES FUCKER!" he wailed, on the brink.  Suddenly he froze with
the entire length of him rammed inside of me.  His balls were mashed
against my buttlips.  The shuddering told me that his cum was rapidly on
it's way.

"Gimme your cum!"

"FUCKIN' SEEDIN' YOUUUUUUUUUUU!" he barked as his balls exploded.  With my
hole constricted tight around his manhood, I felt his cock grow larger as
he shot the first spurts of his cum in me.

"OH, YAH!" I roared, feeling his swollen cum tube alternately hardening and
releasing as he ejaculated.  That drove me right to the edge.

"FUCKIN' MINE!" he panted, seeding me deep.

My hand was flying on my fuckstick, bringing me closer and closer to
nutting while the Seaman pumped me full of semen.  "Fat fuckin' cock,
fuckin' me!"

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" he groaned.

"Grrrrrrrrrrrr!" I growled as I neared the point of no return.  It seemed
that I was stuck in a state of euphoria as my hot hole alternately sucked
and released the meat missle inside of it.  I knew I was going to cum any
minute, but my body just didn't seem to be in an hurry to do so.
Meanwhile, the Italian Stallion dicking me thoroughly got off as he jizzed
this Grunt's gash.  He'd long since stopped shooting when I started
yelling, "GONNA GUN, SQUID.  GONNA GUN!"

"Fuck yah!" he encouraged, slowly moving his still hard slab in me.

"AW, GAWD, I'M GONNA SHOOT!" I warned.

"Fuck, yah!  My little sperm bank is gonna spew!"

That did it!  Just the thought that I had his loads of cum in my ass set me
off.  Rockets of rock sauce shot everywhere as I gave in to two of a man's
greatest sensations.  Shooting my load and a hard cock in my ass.  What
more could a man ask for?  D'Angelo made it a perfect cum by gently fucking
in and out of me while I sprayed the world with sperm.  Whew, what a cum!

When it was all over, the two of us collapsed in exhaustion.  We were too
hot and sweaty to lie on one another but the bond of the super hot session
was strong, so we just lay close and tangled arms and legs with one
another.  You know how it is.  You've just cum, you're sated and you're
laying there with a hot man.  Although I was on a fucking Navy ship
somewhere in the middle of the Pacific, my mind was like a million miles
away.  For a while it felt like I was back in that apartment in Oceanside.
Damn, I had good memories of that.

I don't know how long we lay there like that but I know for sure that I
drifted off for a bit before I awoke with a start.  I heard voices in the
corridor outside.  Suddenly, my heart started racing.  I just fucking knew
we were busted.  Luckily, the voices passed and we were once again
surrounded in silence.  My start had woken D'Angelo.

"Wassamatter?" he asked sleepily.

"I heard voices"

"No big deal"

"Yah it is, man," I answered nervously.

"Would you knock it off?"

"No really, D'Angelo," I insisted, "we could get busted"

"We're not gonna get busted, man" he said with a tinge of irritation in his
voice.

"I'm just paranoid I guess"

"Hey, you leave that paranoid shit to us stoners, ok?" he laughed.

"I just get worried, that's all"

"Aren't you having a good time?" he asked, hugging me.  He was very sleepy.
Or stoned.  Or both.  Yah, I was having a good time.  A great time to be
sure.  I was with a hot man, wasn't I?  He was bigger and stronger and a
handsome devil too boot.  Just the kind of guy I like.  I felt warm and
safe with him.  I could feel his loads in me and that made me feel even
closer to him.  Yet, it wasn't everything for me.  I wasn't exactly sure
what was missing from my life right then, but even at that young age I knew
that I'd never make a life with D'Angelo.  The guy turned me on something
fierce and we had awesome sex together, but I knew we weren't a love match.
Still and all, he made me feel wanted.  Even if it was just to be a hot
fuck.  Hell, what's wrong with that huh?  As good as I felt at that moment,
I still felt an emptiness.



Remember, I'm reserving all rights to this and all other stories in the
series.  Please don't copy or post them elsewhere.  I'm always happy to
hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.  Contact me at
billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Fri, 1 Feb 2002 19:52:16 -0800
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 14

Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 13, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1, precedes
the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all contain sex
between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between
consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men series
is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to protect
the guilty and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories I have of
being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very early 80s
when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe sex
because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex with
condoms didn't really come into play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm
lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys back then and,
luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.


A Few Good Men 14:
On Board I


My next assignment was on a Navy ship in the Pacific with hundreds of other
Marines.  For days and weeks at a time we were at sea between Asian
ports. Getting as far away from CamPen as possible was the best thing that
could happen to me, largely because I was away from the daily memories of
life without Armando that surrounded me in Oceanside.  Life onboard a Navy
ship was cool in the sense that there were hundreds of guys around to look
at, but there was constant tension between the Marines and the Sailors
onboard.  The Navy's job is to deliver us somewhere to fight and that's
what the WesPac tour was all about.  We Marines pretty much stuck together
but some of the Navy guys were sure nice to look at.  The camaraderie was
great, but it was also very lonely onboard as well.  I just felt that I
didn't have much in common with the rest of the guys in my unit.  I was
experienced enough to know that there would be at least dozens of gay men
onboard, but I didn't have the first clue how to go and find them.
Surprisingly, there wasn't a gay bar on board.  Imagine that.  Never being
one to go out and look for action, I pretty much stayed to myself.

Marines generally didn't have much to do while onboard.  The Squids
generally take care of the ship.  However, my mechanical skills were needed
a couple of times with some small motors and I quickly gained a reputation
as the man to ask to fix just about anything.  So I ended up hanging out in
various parts of the ship that we generally weren't "welcome" in.

A couple of weeks into our cruise I took notice of one very hot looking
Navy man.  He really excited me although he wasn't the kind of man that I
generally went for.  I'd always liked the swarthy, hairy types of men.  You
know the type.  Latino, Italian, Eastern European.  This guy was none of
those.  He had brownish-reddish hair and the most amazing fucking hazel
eyes I'd ever seen.  The hair on his arms was thick and lush and it grew
all in one direction.  The hair that stuck out from under the neck of his
tee shirt was also long and straight.  His name was Randall Bauer and he
had a body on him that I couldn't take my eyes off of.  His ass was molded
into his pants and he showed a substantial bulge in the crotch. He was
absolutely fucking drop-dead gorgeous.  And he didn't even have a clue that
I existed.  I was so lonely for a man and he excited me so much though that
I'm afraid I took some chances that I'm sure now were rather obvious.

I found just about any excuse to talk with the man.  He seemed congenial
but clearly wasn't a bit interested in anything with a lowly Jarhead like
me.  I can't remember his rank, but he was more than a rank Seaman.  A
couple of times I saw Bauer duck into the head and I wanted so bad to
follow him in to see his dick as he took a piss.  I was able to resist that
temptation however.  For about three days that is.  I was up to my eyeballs
in hot men and my 20-year old hormones were raging.  When I saw him step
into the head one day, I followed as if in a trance.  When I opened the
door he was standing, pissing in the trough urinal.  Sidling up at a
comfortable distance from him, I unzipped and let my manhood free as well.
Out of the corner of my eye I could peek and see Bauer's dick.  Long and
straight pubes jutted from his pants alongside a milky white shaft of very
respectable girth.  It was capped by a dark pink head that I just knew
could do some serious damage in my ass.  A steady flow of piss ran from a
large slit and splashed loudly against the porcelain.  I only got a quick
glimpse of him before another Sailor came in and stood between us.  He was
a large black man that blocked any view I had of Bauer and his dick.  I
couldn't help but take a peek at the huge black snake he unleashed.  He
pulled back the foreskin and revealed a creamy pinkish-red and wet head.  I
had to zip up and split before I got myself into trouble.

Two days later I again saw Bauer walking in the general direction of the
head.  As I'd only seen him in the area I liked to hang out and work in
when he went to take a leak, I quickly made my way there.  Sure enough, not
20 seconds later he slid right in next to me at the urinal and pulled out
that milky white vision that I had wanted to see again.  God, it was a
beauty!  The man had plenty to be proud of.  My mind started to wander as I
checked out the details of his mancock.  He was standing on my right and
holding his cock with his right hand as well, so I had an unobstructed view
of him from the side.  A large blue vein ran along the side of his shaft
and served only to make his cock look more like a real man's cock.  I
wondered if I'd be able to feel his excited pulse through that vein when I
ran my tongue along it.  It seemed to be growing in front of my eyes.

"I thought so!" Bauer said.  I was suddenly snapped out of my dick
daydream.  I had no idea how long I'd been staring at it.

"Huh?" I asked dimly.

"I thought you were a cocksucker"

"Whaddya man?" I asked, mustering a little indignation.

"You're a cocksucker" he challenged.

"Wha------"

"-----Don't even say it, Grunt" he said with conviction.  "You've been
staring at my dick"

"Why would you say that?" I asked, flustered.

"Because it's true," he said, "I totally busted you"

"You're crazy!" I said, blowing him off.

"No, I don't think so.  You'd like to suck on this pup, wouldn't you?" he
rasped while he jacked his cock in his hand.  I couldn't help but stare.
It definitely was growing in his hand.  I couldn't have looked away if my
life depended on it.  He continued in a whisper, "Well?"  I didn't answer.
Instead, I just looked up into his eyes.  He saw the hunger.  "Yah, I
thought so."  I looked down again at his cock.  The fucker was getting
hard.  "You'd love to get your lips around this wouldn't you?"  My
resistance was waning.  Not that there was much to begin with.

"No" I said weakly.  As much as I wanted him, I was deathly afraid of a
trap.  Mind you, I had absolutely no problem with anybody knowing I was gay
as long as they weren't going to blab it or beat the shit out of me.  I
could handle my own with most guys but there was something about Bauer that
really made me unsure.

"Sure you do"

"What makes you say that?"

"Because you're hard, you little cocksucker!" he spat with a disgusted look
on his face.  He was right!  My own cock had boned up pretty well.  I
blushed about 80 shades of red.  "Busted!" he exclaimed.  "C'mon, Grunt,
get down on that bad boy and make me feel good" he said as he moved his
hand to my neck.  He was rough and exerting pressure on me, pulling me down
to his cock.  I freaked.  I just knew somebody was going to walk in on us.

"NO!" I said and wrestled out of his grip.  He grabbed me again, harder
this time.

"Oh, you're gonna suck it, cocksucker!" he spat, pushing very hard and
forcing me down to my knees.

"NOT HERE!" I hissed and stood again, shaking my head.  "Not here!"  As
much as I wanted to blow the man, I knew that somebody could come in at any
moment.

"Then where?" he asked, intrigued.

"I dunno.  Just not here"

"Where do you suck other guys' cocks?"

"I don't suck other guys' cocks" I answered angrily, stowing my hardened
cock in my pants.

"Yah?"

"Yah!"

"So I got that pretty little mouth of yours all to myself, huh?" he smiled.

"I guess so"

"Hot damn!  Haven't had any head in months" he stated, pushing his cock
back in his pants.  "Let's go," he said turning to leave.  I was drawn to
him like a magnet.

"Where?" I asked.

"Just follow me, cocksucker!" he ordered.  So I did.

We walked quickly through the ship until we were on deck.  It had been dark
for a couple of hours, so there weren't too many guys about.  Bauer was a
man on a mission and obviously knew where he was going as he made tracks
across the deck.  It was almost a little difficult to keep up with him.  I
really didn't have any time to stop and think about what I was doing.  I
suppose that if I did, I might have had second thoughts about following him
to where he was going.  Instead, I just followed the hunk into the unknown.
There was a fairly decent cloud cover and no moon was visible, so it was
dark as hell.  Bauer led us to the edge of the deck and, after a quick look
around, down a staircase and onto a walkway one level below the deck.  Once
there, we were nearly enveloped in complete darkness.  We walked aft for a
bit until we came to a large gun just above us on the deck.  Just in front
of us was a little recess, hidden from the walkway we'd just come down.  At
a right angle to us I could see a ladder stairway that went back up to the
main deck.  Obviously comfortable with our hidden position, Bauer turned to
me and leaned back against the wall.  I could hear him undoing his pants.

"Get down on it, cocksucker!" he whispered.  I looked down and, in the very
faint light, I could see that his pants were open and that he'd pushed his
skivvies down far enough that the waistband was below his balls.  The light
skin of his cock surrounded by darker pubic hair shown very plainly in the
relative darkness.  Reaching out, he pushed my head towards his rising
cock.  Dropping to my knees, I quickly closed the distance and took his
cock in my hand and admired its beauty. The fucker had an incredibly
handsome cock.  Heavy in my hand, it struck me that the man was already
getting aroused at just the thought of getting head.  In no time I was
licking the salty residue off of the business end of his semi-bone.  He was
pushing his cock to me insistently so, opening wide, I took him inside of
my mouth.  The ever so familiar taste of a man's cock exploded over my
taste buds.  I quickly got busy working his rapidly inflating rod.  The
night air was still, so the heady aroma of a man's crotch, balls and pubic
hair that had been trapped in a pair of pants all day filled my nostrils.
What a fucking awesome scent that is.  It sure makes you glad that you're a
man.  It didn't take long before Bauer's cock was long and straight and
banging away at my throat muscles.

"Yah, that's it!" he mewled as he banged the fucking knob at my tonsils.
Fighting my gag reflex, I tried open my throat up for more and, before I
knew it, Bauer was buried balls deep in my face.  That was just fine with
me, because I was in cocksucker heaven.  I mean, the guy was not only
gorgeous, but he had the most perfect cock for sucking.  It wasn't too big
around that I'd have trouble with scraping it with my teeth and yet it was
more than long enough to let me know that I had a man on the loose in my
mouth.

"Ummmmmmm" I hummed on his hummer.  Once I got comfortable with his length
and the fact that he was in and out of my throat, I just let him go while
my hands roamed around him.  The fucker had nice balls too.  Heavy and
hairy, they hung low in the tropical temperature.  They had a nice coat of
sweat on them, making their aroma all the more attractive to me.  I rolled
them around in my hand, which only served to get the Navy man even hotter.
He sure liked his balls played with.  While kneading them, I discovered
that they only got hairier the closer to his asshole they got.  I was well
into the groove and he was hooked on my tongue and throat action when I
picked up the pace by gently poking my fingers back to that sensitive skin
between his balls and butthole.  Every man, gay or straight, loves that
spot played with and Bauer was noticeably further aroused when I did so.
He paused for just a minute and pushed his skivvies down below his knees.
Leaning back, he spread his legs, giving me full access to what was
obviously a pronounced erogenous zone for him.  While sucking his cock in
and out of my face, I played with the sweaty skin on the underside of his
balls and into his crotch area.  Damn, but he was so hairy and sweaty down
there.

"Aw, fuck yah!" he rasped quietly as I worked his thin cock which my
experience told me was about eight inches.  I could just tell that by the
way the man was reacting to my cocksucking talents, he might not last too
long.  I remember thinking that that would be a shame, because I was really
enjoying sucking his cock.  With the hunch that he might spew too soon for
my tastes, no pun intended, I slowed the action down and swooped down on
his lowhangers.  While I worked his hard bone with my right hand, my left
held his balls so that I could lave them with my tongue.  The man's knees
buckled a little bit as he pushed his balls into my mouth.  Starting with
one and then moving to the other, I completely engulfed them one at a time
and gently ran my tongue over their sensitive surface and up into the pubic
bush above them.  Breathing in and out rapidly, the Squid squirmed as I
sucked and chewed on his baby factories.  When I sucked both of them into
my mouth, it was filled to the brim.  The fucker's cock surged even harder
in my hand, coating my palm with the clear goo running freely from his
ample piss slit.  Trying as hard as he could to remain silent, Bauer was
whimpering like a teenager getting his first handjob.  Moving lower, I
licked the sensitive scrotum flesh leading to the hot het's asshole.  The
manly scent there was a fucking aphrodisiac that made the crowbar in my
pants burp ball slick like no tomorrow.  The sounds coming from Bauer told
me that I'd better get a grip on things if I wanted to get off too, because
no doubt he was going to let it rip soon after I got back down on his
missile.

With a free hand, I unzipped my pants and painfully pulled my pud out into
the warm night air.  Bauer ripped my head off his balls and impaled my
throat with his manrammer just as I was spreading my ample flow of precum
over my randy rod.  Gawd, it all felt so good.  He was using my face as a
hole to get off in and I was nearly lost in all the scents and sensations
of it as I pleasured my own prick like only a man knows how to do.  All the
while my knees were pressed into the deck grate below us and I couldn't
have cared less.  Sucking my lips and cheeks in tight, I slurped on his
cocksickle with my tongue while enjoying the slightly salty juice flowing
out of him.  Inside of a couple of minutes of that action, Bauer's balls
went from heavy and drooping in my hand to a tighter sack in my palm.  No
question that the man was getting ready to shoot his stud sauce.

I whacked my own cock faster in anticipation of his climax.  It had been so
long since I'd even jacked off, so I reveled in the sensation of that.
From the sounds of him, the straight Stud fucking my face hadn't ever had
head like I was giving.  Naturally.  I mean who the hell else knows just
how to suck a cock then someone who's got one?  I worked that bumpkin's
bone like the cocksucking pro that I am while I felt his balls gripping
tighter and tighter to his shaft.  Without his balls in the way, I had a
pretty clear shot between the man's legs and near his asshole. When I slid
my fingers through the hairy and sweaty valley between his legs his
breathing got faster.  Plunging my throat down and swallowing his knob only
heightened his pleasure.  I knew I could do anything at that point just so
long as I got him off.  It didn't take long to find the treasure trove of
his pucker.  As soon as I found it, I grazed over and around it with my
fingers.  It was hot and wet to the touch.  About the only time most
straight guys will let you near their asshole is when they're too far gone
in the lock and load faze of gunning to care.  Most of `em have never had
their butthole played with and, when they do, the whole aspect of it being
such a "forbidden" zone really can get `em off.  The action sure did it for
Bauer.  As soon as I started prodding at his butthole, he started moaning
loudly.  If I wasn't having so much fun, I would have been worried that
he'd draw attention to us.  I pushed at his most private part, setting him
off like a fucking cannon!  Two or three more plunges in me is all he took
before freezing in place and firing his fuck jam down my throat.

"Oh, fuck, faggot!  I'm cumming in your mouth!  FUCK!" he spat between
gritted teeth.  Jet.  Jet.  Jet. The first three firings of his ball batter
shot right down my throat.

"AHHHHHHUUUMMMMMMM," was all I could mutter as I fought for a breath.  The
man had a grip on my head like you wouldn't believe as he skull fucked
himself off.  I fought hard out of his grip by shaking my head back and
forth, enabling me to catch rockets four, five and six of his pud pudding
right across my tongue where they belonged.

"ARRGGGGHHHH!" he moaned as his knees buckled.  His cockhead had turned
ultra sensitive and he was shaking with the sensation of it lying still on
my tongue while he spewed his spooge.  Suddenly my throat and mouth were
overfull of a genuine Seaman's semen.  The salty, slippery cock snot was
washing everywhere in my sucking cavity, exploding over millions of taste
buds.  Savoring his sauce, I swallowed every fucking drop he delivered like
the dutiful and subservient Stud-servicer that I was.

Like a little boy he whimpered, "Oh!  Oh!  Oh!" every time I swallowed.
You guys know that there's nothing like the feeling of someone eating your
scum as you unload on his tongue.  Bauer was helpless to the sensation and
even seemed like he might be experiencing it for the very first time.  At
least to the high degree of pleasure he was, anyway.

It was all just too damned hot to handle.  While finishing him off, I beat
my cock like a piston at 8000 rpms.  I'd lost my rhythm trying to keep him
from asphyxiating me while skull fucking my throat, but was quickly
regaining it as my slippery palm worked over the millions of raw nerve
endings on my upper shaft and angry knob.  Just as I thought I might be
getting close to getting off, Bauer decided he'd had enough.  With no
fucking fanfare, the man forcefully pushed me away.  In less than five
seconds, he'd pulled up his pants, stashed his still hard and spit slicked
cock, zipped up and fastened his belt.  I was just staring up at him when
he looked down at me.  We locked eyes.

"Great fucking head job, faggot.  See you around!" he said snidely.  With
that he turned without saying another word and took off down the darkened
walkway the same way we came.

When I couldn't see him any longer, I took stock of my surroundings.  It
was pitch black and I was painfully on my knees with my pants open. I had a
bone on that just wouldn't quit!  And did it ever need attention.  Gawd, I
was randy.  I had to get off!  Quickly shucking my tee shirt, I tossed it
in a heap on the deck next to the wall.  Standing up, I undid my belt and
fly and had my pants pulled down to my ankles in a flash.  Not wasting any
time, I spun around and sat my bare butt down on the quasi-cushion I'd
created with my tee shirt.  As the night air enveloped my naked flesh, I
set to pleasuring myself as only I know how to do.

As I worked my steely cock, I thought about what had just gone on.
Thinking purely with my dick, I'd risked my "career" in the Corps by
letting a hot fucking straight Squid skull fuck me until he gunned off in
my mouth.  Right out in the fucking open air!  And it fucking turned me on.
Just the thought of it almost got me off.  Like some cheap whore, I ate his
cum and now I had a belly full of it.  My stick leaked sap like mad, only
adding to my pleasure as I spread it over my manhood.  I could still smell
the sweat and manscent of Bauer's groin and balls in my nostrils because
he'd crushed my nose against them.  Oh, Man!  He'd forced me to fuckin'
take him, I thought.  HOT!  Fuckin' near jetted when I thought of his
balls!

Faster and faster I beat my meat thinking about what a fucking pig I'd just
been.  Then I remembered fingering his butthole.  Instinctively, I raised
my left hand to my face and sniffed the scent of the straight guy's
butthole on my fingers.  That sweet funk of sweat and butt spread through
my nostrils and into my head as I inhaled deeply.  Fuckin' NOTHING like the
scent of a man's asshole!  Instantly, I took a quantum leap towards firing
my load.  Gawd, am I glad I'm a gay man!  Hotter than the fucking gun on
the deck above me after firing rounds at the enemy, I dipped the finger I'd
diddled him with into my mouth.  All at once, traces of that oh, so fucking
familiar tang of a man's butt spread across my tongue.  My hand was a blur
on my bone.  OH, FUCK!  I was fucking tasting his fucking ass!  That
fucking stung my balls.  At that point every man knows he's locked and
ready to load.

I squirmed around on my butt like I was sitting on a hot plate, alternately
increasing and releasing pressure on that man bud buried inside.  Fuck-an-A
if every man doesn't give thanks for the fact that he's a man at that
point, huh?  I knew I couldn't hold it back much longer.  It just felt too
damned good everywhere within the region of my cock and balls and butt.  I
wanted to prolong the sensation but had the primal urge to spew seed as
soon as possible.  My arm ached, I was jacking my hammer so fast.  My mouth
was gaping open as I tasted Bauer on my fingers and breathed in heavily.
Saliva was drooling all over my digits and down my chin.  I was in jerk off
heaven and just seconds away from getting the job done when my butthole
opened up.  Sitting there with my feet planted at my butt and my knees up,
my butthole was exposing my guts as my cum countdown began.  Oh, fuck!  My
butthole felt so good!  I scooted down lower and rubbed my saliva soaked
fingers over my tingling asslips.  Instantly, my butthole opened a little
more and, all at once, I was playing with the sensitive flesh just inside
of me.  In response to the pleasurable sensations, my pucker dilated,
exposing more and more of my buttflesh to the pleasure of my dancing
digits.  Way too soon, my prostate swelled up hard.  The fucker burned hot.
I wanted to reach deep inside and stroke it.  Fuck, I needed a man to fuck
me!  I was loaded to fire.  Everything north of my thighs and south of my
navel started spasming.  I held on for as long as I could and in those last
few seconds I could only feel my cockhead.  I held my breath and when I
felt the explosion inside, this Gyrene let out an animalistic groan that
could have awakened the dead as he ejaculated his entrails.  Neck, wall,
shoulder, chest, belly, I shot my wad everywhere as I enhanced my ecstasy
by getting as deep in my gash I could reach.  All I was at that moment was
a sperm fountain and a butthole that could have swallowed the ship.  I
hadn't really cum in weeks and this one was a real ball buster.  It was
fucking nuclear!

When it was all over, I just lay back and basked in the post fuck fog.  My
abs ached so I knew I'd really tensed up and released for maximum pleasure.
My ass was kicked.  My commanding officer could have been standing in front
of me shouting, "Attention!" and I couldn't have moved.  Coated with his
own cum and a belly full of another man's, this fucking Grunt was gone!

Goddamn, I slept good than night.  The second I hit the rack I was out like
a light.  I don't even think I took my clothes off.  All night long I
dreamed about sucking off one Sailor after another.  There seemed to be a
whole line of them waiting for me.  And, try as I might, I just couldn't
get off.  I was beating off the whole time, but I just couldn't seem to
cum.  It was a night of sex dreams that kept my attention.  I awoke the
next morning with a roaring hardon that needed to be sated.  With little
privacy around, it was impossible to relieve myself right away, so I spent
the best part of the day with a pair of blue balls.  Such is the life of a
Gyrene on a Navy ship, huh?

For the next few days, Bauer seemed to lay low.  I saw him at a distance,
but that was all.  I had mixed emotions about it, but the thought of
blowing him again made my rod rigid.  Thinking with my dick again!  About
the fourth day, we had official reason to interact as I was working on some
machinery near his duty station.  What luck, huh?

"What's up, faggot?" he sneered when we were alone.  I looked around to
make sure.

"C'mon, Bauer.  Don't say that shit" I said lamely.

"What's the matter," he spat, "cocksucker doesn't like to be called
faggot?"

"What's the point, Bauer?" I said seriously, looking him right in the eye.
"Did you really want to waste your time stating the obvious?"

"Whaddya mean?" he queried quizzically.

"You don't have to call me names.  I know what I am"

"You're a cocksucker"

"Ok," I conceded.

"And cocksuckers are faggots," he hissed.

"Um, yah!" I said sarcastically.  "And you're not"

"Goddamned right I'm not" he boasted.

"That much is clear, Bauer" I confirmed.

"Well, just so's you know," he said, belying a bit of some kind of accent.

"Geez, man, I knew that"

"Yah?"

"Dude, there's no fucking way you're gay" I stroked his ego.  What the fuck
did I care?

"Just as long as yous know it."  There was that accent again.  Upper
midwest?  East coast?  Almost tough guy sounding.

"Yah, yah," I shot back at him with a "no shit, Sherlock" attitude.  He was
quiet for a minute or two.  He looked around again to make sure nobody was
in earshot.

"So what's the fuckin' deal with you sucking cock?" he asked.

"I dunno," I shrugged.  "It's just what I do"

"I don't get it, man.  You don't seem like you're a cocksucker or
anything," he continued.

The statement amused me.  "Oh?  How's a cocksucker supposed to seem?"

He fidgeted a moment before answering.  "Well, you know"

"What?"

"Faggy"

"F-a-g-g-y ?" I quizzed him, emphasizing the word.

He looked around again.  He was squirming.  I liked that.  "Yah.  You know,
all faggy.  Girlish.  Feminine"

"Ah!" I responded.  "F-a-g-g-y," I nodded.  Even though I said it as an
affirmation that I understood what he was saying, I said it with a tone
that let him know just how fucking stupid it was.  Nothing needed to be
said between us at that point.  His look and shrug told me that I'd gotten
my point across.

"I just never met a fag----er, anyone like you, that's all"

"How am I?" I continued to grill him.

"You know" he motioned to me like he was trying to communicate something.

"What?"

"Just like a regular guy," he stated.

"A regular guy?"

"Yah.  Just like any one of the guys," he explained sweeping his arm around
motioning to nobody in particular.

"So, you thought all gay guys were pansies, huh?"

"Yah.  Well, no," he stammered.

"Ah!" the light went on in my head.  "That's the only kind you ever met"

"Yah!" he quickly agreed.  The half-smile on his face told me that we'd
connected.

"Gotcha.  Well, Bauer, I'm here to tell you that that ain't the case.  We
come in all shapes and sizes and backgrounds.  You'd be surprised at just
how many gay guys you know"

"No shit?  Here?" he asked with a furrowed brow.

I just laughed.  "Jesus, Bauer.  Even a Squid like you can't be that
fucking stupid!"

"Hey, hey, hey!" he said with mock indignation.  The man had a sense of
humor and a nice dick.  I like that in a man!  He just stood there looking
at me and taking it all in for a while.  I busied myself at the task in
front of me.  It was a while before he spoke.  I didn't even have to see
him to know he'd gulped and looked around for anybody in earshot.  "So, you
really like that shit?"

Here it comes, I thought.  He wants more head.  Bingo.  "Whaddya think?" I
asked flatly.  I had every intention of sucking his cock again, but I
wasn't going to play his fucking cat and mouse game.  He didn't have to
answer.  The look on his face told me once again that we were connecting on
the subject.  "Ok, so some of us like to suck cock, alright?" I continued
the thought with a tinge of irritation.  Fuckin' straight guys make such a
big deal out of it, don't they?

"Man, you're just so damned casual about it" he chuckled nervously.  I
could tell he was uncomfortable.

"It's no big fucking deal, Bauer" I explained.

"It is to me"

"Look, did you like it or not?" I asked at the end of my patience with the
guy.

"Well, yah," he answered slowly, but not before looking around again.

"So did I.  So get over it"

"It's just-----"

"---It's just nothing!  You liked it.  I liked it.  It was hot," I stated
with a little irritation.

"Oh, Man!" he shuffled uncomfortably.

"Oh, Man, nothing!" I pressed on.  "You want some more?"  Big fucking step
here.

His eyes bugged out, showing his shock that I'd just come out and said it.
What the hell did he expect?  I mean I'd fucking blown him just a few days
before.  He swallowed hard before answering.  "Yah" he said defiantly.

"Then fuckin' ask for it"

"I don't ask.  I order," he shot back indignantly.  His tone had changed.
I'd gotten to him.  "And you're gonna suck my cock again!"  The fucker had
recovered from being uncomfortable and was asserting himself.  I like that
in a man!

"Ok," I said subordinately.  Fuck, he turned me on.  I just blinked and
looked down.

"Oh, I'm gonna love fucking your face again."  I could hear the excitement
in his voice.

"Yah?" I asked lustily, my dick doing the thinking for me.

"Oh, yah!  You're gonna suck my cock again tonight."  I looked up and gave
him a quick nod.  "Twenty- one hundred hours.  On deck.  Be ready to march,
you fucking Grunt cocksucker"

"Yes, Sir," I said quietly.

"Fuckin-A right, yes Sir! Be there!" he ordered with a snarl.  A little
chill ran up my spine.  For a split second I wondered if I was getting in
over my head with this guy.

Later that day, I showered while the room was empty and the water was warm.
It gave me a little privacy too, as I'd gotten used to rinsing myself
inside and out often while I was with Armando.  As the water cascaded over
me, I thought about getting together with Bauer that night.  Every once in
a while, I had a little tinge of serious doubt about the guy.  But then I'd
think of sucking his cock and my own sang to me.  Oh, to be 20 fucking
years old again, huh?  Needless to say, I was on deck and ready for him at
twenty-one hundred hours.

"Let's go, cocksucker" he barked quietly as he sneaked up on me from
behind.  He startled me a bit, but I followed him.  He quickly retraced the
same steps we'd taken just a few nights before.  In no time we had crossed
the deck and, with a quick peek around, confirmed that nobody saw us so we
high-tailed it down those stairs to that darkened walkway.  Bauer was swift
and I had to really hoof it to keep up with him.  When we reached "the
spot" he turned quickly to face me.  I noticed that he already had his
pants undone.  As he pulled them open, I saw that he was free balling too.
No skivvies on this time.

"On your knees, faggot" he ordered in a whisper.  I obliged but not before
undoing my pants.

His strong masculine scent permeated the still night air as I got down to
business.  The man hadn't had a shower all day and obviously had sweated up
a storm.  He smelled great.  Damn, that drives me crazy.  In short order he
was fully hard and I had my face pressed hard against his moist pubic hair.
Again, he moaned in disbelief, while I deep throated him.  It wasn't that
difficult actually.  Yes, he had a relatively long cock, but it wasn't very
big around so it fit nicely in my gullet.  He was just as rough as he'd
been a few nights earlier.  My guess is that's why he loved getting head so
much.  It was a cinch that no woman would put up with the work over he was
giving me.

I couldn't have cared less though.  To be truthful, it really turned me on
to feel the raw power of a man working a skull to get off.  Bauer had only
one goal and that was to fuck my throat until he shot his load.  While I'd
had some second thoughts about the guy, I had myself a hold of a wild man,
which made my dick dance in my pants.  I gave that greedy fucker my best
moves on his meat and he didn't disappoint in showing his appreciation.
Part of the time he'd surrender to my expert attention and let me do the
work.  That's when I'd plunge up and down on his randy rod, giving him all
tongue and lips and not a bit of teeth.  But then there were the times he'd
let me know he was in control by grabbing my head and ramming his perfect
knob into the depths of my gullet.  Once there the Navy man moved quickly
back and forth, wrenching my throat and mashing my nose and lips against
his thick pubic bush.  Though it was a little tough to breathe, I'd long
since learned to control my gag reflex, so I just let the bigger and
stronger man have his way with me.

When he'd finally let me up for a breath, I'd swoop down on his low hangers
and gently suck them into my mouth.  Damn, his baby makers tasted good.
Nothing like a day's sweat to make a man's gonads all salty and tasty.
Bauer fucking loved getting his balls done.  As I suckled them, they moved
in my mouth as they churned billions of sperm inside.  The way the man's
knees were buckling, I knew it wouldn't be too long before he'd be firing
them into my belly.  Not only did Bauer love the laving I gave his soft
sac, but he went fucking wild when I slurped my tongue all over the area
where his balls met his shaft.  With that action, I got two different
reactions.  When I sucked at the pubes and skin at the base of his shaft he
drew in jagged breaths between clenched teeth.  Periodically, he'd grab my
face to keep me from getting to hot and heavy.  It was tickling him.  It's
when I'd suck and lick where his thighs met his groin that the fun really
started.  He liked that shit!  And the lower I got under his balls toward
that hairy valley on the way to his manhole, the tamer the man became.
From his reaction, I could tell that this really felt good to him.
Spreading his legs, he'd just moan very quietly and let me go at him.  I
licked and sucked back and forth under his balls all the while stroking his
fuck stick.  The closer I got to his butt, the thicker the hair became.  It
was moist with sweat and tasted salty and earthy.  I was probably just an
inch or so away from touching the man's pucker when he grabbed my head and
rammed his cock down my throat once again.

"Oh, you fucking faggot!" he whispered in a heat.  "You'd probably lick my
asshole if I'd let you, huh?"

"Ummmmpppphhhh," was all I could answer.  Hell yes I'd eat your butt, I
thought.  Bury my face in that hairy maze and suck on his manbud?  You bet
your ass I would!

"You fucking faggots are too much.  Sucking cocks and playing with each
other's assholes, huh?"

"Argghhh," I answered in a way as he moved his cock around in my throat.

"Yah, you like your asshole played with, huh?"  His breathing had
increased.  I hadn't thought much about putting out for Bauer, but his hot
fuck talk at that moment made me wonder if I could get him to fuck me some
time.  As if on cue he said, "You'd probably let me fuck you, wouldn't
you?"

"Uh huh," I said clearly as I moved back and ran my tongue over and around
the head of his leaking lance.  My confession and the action on his Jackson
really got him hot.

"Oh, yah!  Fuckin' faggot wants in the ass, doesn't he?"

Suddenly I realized that he was talking about right then and there!  While
the thought of him nailing me was a big turn on, I hadn't thought about
putting out for him there.  "Maybe another time, Bauer," I whispered.

"Whaddya mean another time?" he spoke up out of a whisper.

"Yah, another time," I confirmed.

"I don't think so, faggot," he spoke in regular volume.  "I think you want
it now."  With that he pulled me up and spun me around and pushed me up
against a railing.  I'd pulled my pants down onto my thighs earlier so that
I could whack my weenie while blowing him.  My butt was now naked to him
and I could feel his meat missile pushing against me.  It was wet with my
spit and, in the night air, that felt cool.

"I dunno, Bauer"

"What's the problem?  All you faggots like to take it up the ass"

"It's just that I think we need to be more careful," I whispered, urging
him to do the same.  I was really beginning to be afraid that somebody
might hear us.

"What's to be careful?  Nobody's out here.  C'mon," he rasped as he pawed
at my ass.  He was really hell bent on fucking me right then and there.
What the hell had I gotten myself into?

"Not here.  Not now!" I said.  It was as if I hadn't said a word.

"Shut up, faggot!" he spat.  The man was pushing me into a stooping
position as he was aiming his cock at my butt.  And he wasn't being gentle
about it.  He was strong and determined and I was starting to get scared.
I struggled a bit to get away from him when suddenly he put his arm around
my neck and pulled me up close to his face.  "Knock this shit off right now
or I'll kick your fuckin' ass!  You know you want it"

"Don't do this, Bauer!" I pleaded.  I tried to pull free of him but he
punched me hard a few times in the lower back.

"Stand fuckin' still, asshole!"

He was really being rough and I was getting scared.  I didn't want it to
turn into a bashing incident and suddenly I had the feeling there was the
potential for that.  His cock was banging at my back door and I just knew
he wasn't lubed enough to diddle me.  None the less, he was trying to jam
it in my hole.  "Fuckin' hurts!" I hissed as he tried in vain to get it
inside of me.

"What's the problem?" he asked.

"There's no lube, man.  It's too dry.  We can't fuck here!"

"Quit your fuckin' whining, faggot," he ordered.  I felt him backing off a
bit and felt relieved.  Then I felt his cock pushing at my tight entrance
once again.  This time the head was wet and it slid right in.  He'd
obviously drooled some spit down onto this dick with some precision.  I
begin to wonder if this guy had fucked another man in the ass before.

As usual, I was clean and therefore theoretically ready to fuck.  Not that
I wouldn't have liked to get fucked by Bauer, it's just that I just didn't
think that was the best place to do it.  None-the-less, with a little bit
of spit, the man had no problem working his long and thin cock inside of
me.  It was a bit painful and I was tense and tight the whole way, but
before long he was balls deep in me.  I was still all tensed up when he
started sawing into me.  I really didn't want to get fucked there and then.
Consequently, he was really hurting me.  As much as I fought him mentally
and physically (by not relaxing my hole) his cock started feeling pretty
good inside of me.  I'm a total sucker for a hot cock in my ass.  Little by
little I relaxed and gave in to his moves.  As my hole began to relax, it
moved down on his bone.  That's when his knob started making some music
deep inside of me.  As he worked my depths my whole attitude changed.
Suddenly I wanted to take him.  That's when my hole really opened up and
gobbled down every fucking inch he had to give me.  It was then that I was
reminded just how glad I was to be a man that puts out for other men.  I
was getting fucked in the ass and loving every fucking inch of it.

"Goddamn!" he groaned.  "What a fuckin' hole you've got on you, faggot!"
That's when I was certain he'd never fucked a man in the ass before.  The
surprise and awe in his voice belied his buttfuck virgin status.  Even
though he had never fucked a manhole before, I have to say that Bauer was
definitely up for the challenge.  Like a pro, he rammed his rock hard rod
into the very depths of me.  Roughly, he took me and reveled in the
friction he derived from my tight hole.  In no time, my butt coated his
pole with it's juices, taking our fuck onto an even higher plane.  It was
clear that he was not going to stick around and enjoy the ride.  The man
was hell bent on fucking me hard and deep and getting off as soon as
possible.  Knowing that, I reached down and wrapped my hand around my own
cock.

Bauer had fucked the hardon right out of me.  However, he'd also fucked
plenty of dick goo out of me as well, so even though my cock was soft, the
head was slippery in my hand.  It sure felt good as I rolled it around in
my hand while Bauer raked across my butt nut as he fucked in and out of me.
It didn't take long before I had a hard bone in my palm and was working it
like nobody else could. I was spanking my monkey while a hot het was
rooting around in my guts.  Even though I had reservations about where we
were fucking, at that moment all was right with the world.

Knowing what felt good, I held my breath and relaxed the tension in my
butthole.  That loosened up my hole enough that Bauer's fucking meant
nothing but pure pleasure as he drove his cock into me time and again.  At
the same time, jacking my cock kept me just tight enough that he would
enjoy himself at the same time.  Ah, the pleasures of buttfucking!

Bauer was a fucking wild man in my butt.  He fucked hard and fast.  I could
tell that he wasn't going to take very long to get off.  I also knew that,
no matter how fast I worked my bone, I wasn't going to jet before he did.
On one hand I wished he would have lasted longer.  But on the other hand
even though it was dark, we were fucking right out in the open so I could
see the benefit of him getting his gun faster.  And the man didn't
disappoint me in that way.  Soon enough the tone of his fuck changed and I
could easily tell he was on his final sprint.  Sure enough, it didn't take
long before he rammed it home deep, froze in place and hosed me full of his
hetero seed.  From the sound and sensations, it appeared as though he
hadn't gotten off in a wet and warm hole in quite a while.  If I thought he
had spewed a lot of spooge into my mouth several nights before, it didn't
hold a candle to the quantity he pumped into my guts that night.

Typical of most straight guys, as soon as he'd cum he pulled out to get the
hell out of my butt.  As much as they enjoy themselves fucking and getting
off, they always have second thoughts about mansex afterwards, don't they?
Even as impersonal and rough as it had been, I was high on the fuck.  I had
a bone-on that wouldn't quit.  I spun around and jacked off as I watched
that hot man standing there cooling down.  There was a sheen in the faint
moonlight on his cock from the wetness of our fuck.  Though it was rapidly
deflating, the man had quite a boner.  I wanted to suck it.  Jacking my
cock furiously, I dropped to my knees in front of him to take him in my
mouth.  Something about that move freaked him out.  Before I could get a
lip lock on him, he roughly pushed me back, causing me to fall on my ass.

"Get the fuck away from me, faggot!" he spat.

"Wha----???" I queried in confusion.

"You make me sick.  You let me fuck you in the ass and now you want to suck
my dick?  You are one sick fuck!" he said menacingly.  His whole tone had
changed.

I just sat there in silence for a second as he pulled his pants up and
zipped up.  I moved to get up.  As I did so I said, "Sorry, Bauer----"

"----Shut up!" he interrupted as he pushed back down on my ass and away
from him.  It wasn't exactly rough, but it wasn't playful either.  I looked
up at him.  There was a mean leer on his face that really pissed me off.  I
was quickly losing my temper.

"You don't have to shove me around, asshole!" I said as I rolled sideways
and stood up.  I kept my stance as sternly as a man could on with his
hardon in his hand.

"Yah, whatever.  See you around, faggot!" he barked disgustingly.  What a
fucking asshole he turned out to be!  All I saw in the darkness was his
outline as he made rapid tracks out of there.  All at once I wanted to be
somewhere else.  But, at the same time, I wanted to be alone.

So there I was.  A horny fucking man with a butt full of cum and a hardon
in his hand.  I was no better off then than I'd been an hour before.  I was
still a horny and lonely Gyrene on a steel island in the middle of the
Pacific with seemingly no other gay men for thousands of miles around and
the love of my life was an easy 7,000 miles away.  I was really fucking
down.  After hoisting and doing up my pants, I opted to stay put exactly
where I was. I stood there in the balmy darkness watching the moonlight
dance on the waves below.  It was both calming and haunting at the same
time.  I have no idea how long I stood there before I heard a noise.

"Mind if I come down and smoke?" a voice above me and to the right asked.

"Huh?" I answered in surprise.  Looking to my right, I could see a figure
climbing backwards down a ladder stairway.

"You're in my smoking spot," he explained as he climbed down.  "Mind if I
join you to have a smoke?"

"No.  Not at all," I answered nervously.  All kinds of thoughts were
running through my head.  As he made his way toward me I quickly took an
inventory of myself and my surroundings.  Nothing was really out of order.
At least there was no way he'd be able to tell I'd just gotten fucked.
Well, my clothes were a bit disheveled but my pants were on.  As he
approached I couldn't help but wonder how long he'd been up there and just
what had he heard.  The man sidled right up next to me on the rail.

"Nice night, huh?" he asked as he lit a smoke.

"Yah" was all I could say.  We made small talk for a few minutes while he
puffed on his cigarette.  When he finished it, I was surprised that he lit
another so quickly.

"I like to come out here and get away for a toke," he informed me just as I
recognized the tell-tale smell of pot.  He sure was taking a chance in
smoking it on board a Navy ship.  "Want some?" he asked, handing me the
joint.

"No, thanks," I said, smiling at his ballsiness.

"What?" he asked, responding to my smile.

"Nothing."

"Cool."

We stood and bullshitted for a few more minutes.  The guy was likeable and
his demeanor put me at ease.  Looking over at him I guessed him to be in
his late twenties and had dark hair.  Even in the darkness I could see that
he was quite a looker and that he had a helluva five o'clock shadow on his
clean shaven face.  The guy looked to be a little over six feet tall and,
from what I could see, had a nice body on him.  He saw me looking at him
and just looked at me with a slightly stoned look on his face.

"I'm D'Angelo," he said, introducing himself.  "Sure you don't want any?"
he asked, offering me the joint again.

"No thanks, man," I answered, never being much of a pot smoker.  "I'm
McLellan" I said, reaching to shake his hand.

"What're you grinning about?" he asked with even a bigger grin on his face.

"It's just that you're really taking a chance smoking pot out here, aren't
you?"

"Look who's talking about taking chances," he shot back with a chuckle.

"Whaddya mean?" I asked with a sick feeling in my gut that he had seen or
heard Bauer and I.

"You guys are really taking chances carrying on like that out here," he
explained.

"Us guys?" I asked in a nervous and little more high pitched voice.

"Yah, you and the guy that was here earlier"

"What guy?" I asked, still not knowing what to say.

"The guy that was down here with you," he answered matter-of-factly.

"What the hell are you talking about?" I asked indignantly.

"Give it a rest, Gyrene!" D'Angelo laughed, "I saw the whole thing"

"Saw what?"

"Aw c'mon, Stud!  I was just about to come down the stairs there to get
high when I heard you guys down here.  I watched the whole scene.  It's
cool, Dude!"

"Whaddya mean it's cool?"

"Hey, I never condemn anyone for getting a little.  It's just that you
coulda picked someone a lot better than that guy"

"What guy?"

"The one that fucked you in the ass! Jarhead!" he just shot out.

"WHAT?" I asked in horror.

"Yah.  The guy who fucked you and then pushed you down, Dude.  Jesus, I
just said I saw the whole thing" he spat in a decidedly New Jersey accent.
I know I must have blushed about eighty shades of red.

"Oh, THAT guy!" was all I could answer.  Fuck!  I'd been busted big time.

"Yah, THAT guy," he laughed.

I started to freak. "Goddamn.  I gotta go.  You're not gonna tell anybody,
are you?"

"Relax.  It's no big deal, Dude.  Nobody else saw"

"Fuck, man.  You saw though"

"No biggee.  Nothing I haven't seen or done before"

"For real?" I asked with surprise in my voice.  Could it be another gay guy
on board?

"Fucked my first guy in the ass at 15 and never looked back," he informed
me, staring off into space.

"Damn, Dude!  Never thought I'd meet another gay guy on board," I said
ecstatically.

"Hell, we're all over the place here"

"No shit?"

"Oh, yah.  Where have you been?"

"Obviously in all the wrong places"

"No shit, Sherlock," he said, moving closer to me.  He put his arm around
me and said, "What the fuck were you doing out here with that asshole?"

"It just happened.  He busted me in the latrine staring at his cock which
lead to a blow job and then this tonight"

"It was a little fucked up, Little Man," he cooed as he pulled me closer to
him.  Nobody had called me that for a long time.  I felt good with him.  I
put my arm around his waist.

"It was fucked up.  Sure not like I'd planned"

"Yah?" D'Angelo asked.  "What had you planned?"

"Just a blow job.  He really forced me to fuck"

"Forced you?"

"Well, yah.  He punched me around a bit.  It wasn't my idea to fuck out
here in front of the world"

"The fucker raped you, man?  Did he hurt you?" he asked with a tone of
concern in his voice.

"Oh, a little.  I'll be ok.  My ego's a little bruised, that's all"

"And your butt," he asked as he patted it.

"A little worse for wear, but it'll survive"

"Could it use some soothing attention?" he asked as he ran his hands over
my cheeks.

"Well, yah," I swallowed hard as I started reacting to his moves.
Remember, Bauer had left me high and dry.  I was still horny.

"Because I could certainly get into that," he purred.

"Yah?"

"Oh, yah," he rasped as he reached his hand down the back side of my pants.
In no time his fingers had slipped into the slippery valley between my hard
ass cheeks.

"Ummmmm," I cooed as his digits zeroed in on my pucker.  The man was a
master at seduction.  He pulled me close as one of his fingers danced in
the slick wetness over my swollen asslips.

"Oh, baby!" he whispered, sliding his fingers over and into my sensitive
ass bud.  His fingers were soon coated with butt slime and cum from my
earlier fuck.  "Oh, fuck yah!" he soothed as he played me like a musical
instrument.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" I moaned as he played with me.  My butt opened up, giving
him greater access.

"Oh, yah!  You like this, huh?"

"Uh, huh," I answered affirmatively.

"You really do like getting fucked, huh?"

"Yah!" I answered excitedly.

"You're a bottom?"  I nodded a yes.  "Fuck!  I've hit the jackpot!"

"Damn, that feels good," I purred as I pushed my ass down on his fingers.

"Oh, man!  You are just too good to be true," he soothed.  Then he
whispered in my ear, "You wanna go get it on?"

"Where?"

"I've got a place"

"Now?"

"Yah!"

"Ok," I said.  Hell I was really horny and he was hot.  I wasn't going to
pass up the chance to fuck with him.

"Hot damn!  Let's go!" he exclaimed, removing his hand from my pants.  "Oh
we're gonna have some fun, Lance Corporal," he said as he kissed me.

We quickly made it across the deck and down into the ship.  It was there
where we both got a good look at one another.  I was right about him being
a looker.  Just over 6 feet tall, the fucker was a Stud.  His face was a
masculine vision.  Olive complexion and a jet black Navy cut set off his
thick eyebrows.  They framed perfectly his heavily lidded dark brown eyes
with the longest fucking lashes I'd seen on a man.  To top that off, his
lips were ruby red and inviting.  Long and straight dark hairs peeked over
the top of his T shirt and I could also see a crop of thick and equally
straight hairs around his wrists and on his hands.  He was a grade-A
fuckin' Italian Stallion and all the while I was checking him out, he was
doing the same to me.

"Whewie!" he whistled under his breath.  Then, looking around for others
within earshot, "Aren't you a fuckin' hunk."

"You think so?" I asked shyly in a whisper.  The guy was coming on just as
strong as you'd expect a handsome, self-confident, East coast Italian to
do.  Frankly, he was embarrassing me a little.

"Fuck an A!" he stated excitedly.  "You're really a bottom?"

"Yah," I responded flatly, my irritation at being asked that for about the
hundred thousandth time showing through.

He called me on the attitude.  "Hey, no need to get snippy.  Just can't
believe that a hot man like you likes to take it up the ass, that's all."
He said it with a slight grin that instantly disarmed me.

"It's just that I get asked that all the time.  Like a masculine guy can't
like getting fucked, huh?"

"It's mighty fine as far as I'm concerned.  I just can't believe my luck!"
he chortled.

"So?" I prodded, urging him to take us to his secret hiding place.

"Oh, yah!" he responded, suddenly realizing that he'd let his mind wander
in his grass induced euphoria.  "Follow me."

I followed him down several decks and through a maze of corridors.  It was
obvious that, under his clothes, the man had a dynamite body.  His pants
were comfortably loose around the waist, yet they clung to and hung on what
appeared to be a hard and muscled ass.  Even though I'm a dick man, I love
looking at a man's ass.  There's nothing like it.

Like it does any time you travel a previously unknown route, it seemed to
take forever to get to where we were going.  Finally we arrived at a small
door in the bulkhead of a corridor in the fore section of the ship.
D'Angelo looked around quickly and, seeing nobody around, he opened it and
hustled me inside.  Right on my heels, he jumped in and quickly closed it
behind him.

Instantly we were surround in darkness.  We stood for a moment for our eyes
to acclimate.  As they did, I could see that it wasn't completely black as
there was a dim light of some sort coming from the far end of the room.
When my eyes accustomed, I could see that we were in some sort of storage
area.  Though it was eerily quiet, the sound of machinery was louder in
there than in my quarters or duty station.  D'Angelo pressed lightly on my
lower back and guided us over to the right to a stack of large coils of
cloth-covered fire hoses.  They were stacked to the ceiling in an area
about 8 feet square.  He quickly removed several of the coils, exposing a
hollow center where the coils were only stacked about 4' high.  We crawled
inside the area, about the size of a double bed, with the ceiling about 3
feet above us.  While he replaced the hoses he'd removed, I noticed that
the steel couplings on the end of the hoses below us were tucked down in
between the hoses, creating a relatively flat and comfortable surface.
Once the hoses were in place we were completely hidden in case anybody
opened the hatch to the corridor.  I was amazed that somebody had made a
great little fuck den that was perfect for some heavy-duty man to man
action.  It was pretty creative.  Never underestimate the ingenuity of a
bunch of horny men stuck on a steel island for weeks or months at a time!

"Hmmmmm.  Been here before?"

"Damn right, Stud," D'Angelo whispered.  He started taking off his boots,
so I did the same.

"So I'm not your first conquest on board?" I teased.

"'Fraid not.  But if you play your cards right with that hot fuckin' ass of
yours and you could be the last!"  he rasped as he gave me a quick kiss.

"Is that so?" I responded with mock indignation.  "What makes you think
so?"

"Ah, it's just a hunch," he chuckled.  He took my hand and placed it on his
crotch where I felt a growing lump of flesh.  "Once you get a load of this
salami, I'm thinking you'll give up all the rest."  From what I could feel,
he had a substantial package wrapped in his pants.  My butthole flared at
the thought of getting dicked again even though I'd just been brutally
balled by Bauer not 20 minutes before.

I'd shucked my clothes before he did and laid back on the "bed".  D'Angelo
was on his knees facing away from me when he pulled his pants and skivvies
down.  I got a quick but great view of his ass.  A heavy forest of straight
and dark hairs flared out from his asscrack and over his buns.  He turned
to me and shucked his T shirt, giving me a full frontal view.  The guy had
a fucking body to die for.  He had those chiseled abs that dove into his
groin.  The same heavy crop of straight and dark hairs swirled over his
chest, down onto his belly and surrounded his heavy cock and balls.
Hanging between his legs and supported by a heavy ball sac was a beautiful
fucking cock.  It was thick, closely cut and even though it was only half
hard, it was already about 6" long.  He stayed in that position looking at
me, giving me plenty of time to check him out as well.

"Oh, man.  We are gonna have some fun, Gyrene!" he said excitedly.

"Come and get it, Sailor!" I enticed.

Quickly, he crawled across the coils towards me.  Do you have any idea how
hot a naked man looks crawling toward you?  Like a pro, he moved between my
outspread legs and onto me.  We quickly locked into our first naked
embrace.  Chest to chest and cock to cock we groped and ground against one
another as we enjoyed a wet and open mouthed kiss.  The hot man tasted of
pot and cigarettes and I knew he was a little stoned.  I couldn't have
cared less though because it suited him well as it seemed to make him
pretty amorous.  He felt and smelled like a man.  And just about everywhere
I ran my hands he was covered in that thick and luxurious fur.  He was a
masterful kisser and we soon fell into a fevered pace of mansex.

>From the outset, D'Angelo took control of the situation.  He was rugged
and all man in his approach and knew exactly what he was doing.  It was
obvious the man had bedded more than a few men since his first man fuck at
age 15. We rolled around a lot with him always on the top.  Testing my
limits and erogenous zones, his hands and mouth were everywhere.  In no
time, the man discovered just about all of my hot buttons and proceeded to
push them with gusto.  It seemed that everywhere he touched, nipped and
kissed me took me higher.  I remember thinking that this was a very
experienced man.

And there was no letting up either.  The guy just kept coming at me.  He
sucked on my tits until I thought he draw milk.  Once done with that, he
simply moved lower over my belly and lightly licked and bit all the while
trying to keep me from flopping around like a fish out of water.  Then he
swung down to my groin where he proceeded to lick and nip all around my
shaft and balls.  He really knew how to manhandle a guy.  It's always taken
me a bit of foreplay or manhandling to get me ready to fuck.  It takes more
now than it did back then, but suffice it to say this fucker had me good to
go in about 2 seconds flat.  The guy was relentless in his drive.  I like
that in a man.

Before I knew it he had the business end of my 7 incher buried in his
throat.  This fucking Stud was also an expert cocksucker!  No sooner than I
had realized that when his fingers started making magic on my slick and
swollen pucker.  Obviously no stranger to a man's asshole, he knew exactly
how and where to touch me there to get me to open up for what was to come.
I could feel my hole releasing the juices from my earlier tryst onto his
fingers.  Like the pro that he was, he quickly took advantage of that by
pushing his slickened digits inside of me.  As if by magic, they found my
butt nut in no time.  As soon as they did, they softly and gently made love
to my hard button, making my hole gape open enough to add yet another
finger.  Between the incredible sensation of that and his awesome blow job,
D'Angelo suddenly had me well on the road to spewing.  Not wanting to cum
too soon, I pushed on his head with a warning.  Right away, he pulled off
my knob, leaving his fingers firmly planted in my fuck hole where they
moved in and out of me with precision.

"Ummmmmmm!" was all I could mutter at the sensation.

"Oh, yah!" he whispered, his voice raspy with lust.  "Jarhead fucker likes
that, huh?" he asked just as he slid his fingers over my prostate once
again.

"Fuck yah!" I responded as I opened my hole even more, pushing down on his
diddling digits.

"Goddamn!  You're so fuckin' wet!"

"You gotta get in there, fucker!" I chided.

"Oh, fuck yah!  You are one hot fuck, aren't you?" he asked rhetorically.

"Gotta have it, man," I responded.

"Goddamn rights you do.  And you're gonna get it," he said excitedly as he
mined my depths.

"Oh, man that feels good," I rasped.

"Like that shit, huh?"

His fucking fingers felt wonderful and I told him so.  The guy really knew
his way around a man's hole.

"Hot fuckin' ass, Dude!" His voice belied his level of excitement.  Though
I couldn't reach his cock, I could see it was rock fucking hard.  The man
was really turned on, but not nearly as much as I was.  I had myself a wild
man in the sack and the prospect of what was to come had made me bone up
hard and proud.

 "That's your fuckin' ass, Sailor!" I teased as I pushed my hole down on
his fingers.

"Oh, fuck!  Hot fuckin' hole!" he hissed as he pushed my legs up, bringing
my ass up towards him.  Then he closed the distance between his face and my
butt.  He was right in there where the action was and was obviously
enjoying what he was seeing.  "Fuckin' smells great too, fucker!"

"Take that ass, man!"

"Fuck!  Gotta eat that ass!" he whispered as he started licking around my
hole while he finger banged me.  My fucking bone became steel at the
thought that he might actually eat my ass.

"Yah?  You gonna eat it?"

"Fuckin' A right I'm gonna eat it!"

"Get down on it, fucker!" I said with uncharacteristic verve that matched
his fevered state.

"Oh, fuck!  Tastes awesome!" he panted as he licked my hole as he slowly
pulled his fingers out.  "Ummmm!  Tastes like a man's ass that's been
fucked!" he mumbled as he dove into my recently fucked depths.

"OH, FUCK YAH, SQUID!" I belted as he feasted on the sensitive flesh he'd
drawn out with his finger action.  He knew I'd been fucked earlier and the
fucker was eating my butt!

"Fuckin' sloppy hole!" he slurped.

"Yah, that's right!" I shot back.  "Tastin' that straight man's cum, huh?"

"OH!  FUCK YAH!" he responded.  Measurably more inflamed at that thought,
he dove in deeper.

"Yah, that's it, Squid.  Suck that straight jizz outta my butt," I
continued.  The whole fucking scene was almost too hot for me.  My heart
was pounding in my chest and my hole was wide open for him to eat.

"Eatin' your fuckin hole, Jarhead!"

"Getting' it ready for your big cock?"

"Goddamn rights I am!"

"I'm gonna take your dick, Dude!"

"FUCK!" he hissed loudly as he lowered my butt.  He looked me right in the
eye as he crawled up between my legs and aimed his Italian salami at my
hole.  "Gonna fuck you in the ass, Gyrene!"

"Do it fucker!" I spat back at him.  I could feel that I was wide fucking
open.  I knew that my hole was loose and that my asslips and distended
flesh were swollen with arousal.  At that very moment I could have taken on
any man, no matter what size his cock was.  So it was no big deal when he
pushed his angry knob inside of me with no warning.  Slick with the dick
honey he'd been leaking, it slid in with no problem.  "UNNNGHHH!" I groaned
as he breached me.

His shaft was pretty dry, so the friction increased as he probed deeper
inside of me.  "Push it out, fucker!"  he commanded.  Obeying him, I pushed
down with my butt muscles, squeezing slippery juices out from the depths
where my last lover had unloaded.  Goddamn it if Bauer wasn't good for
something, huh?  It only took a few moments before D'Angelo's cock was
slippery and seated balls deep in me.

"Oh, you fuckin' took my big dick with no problem!" he hoarsed as he ground
his short hairs against the super sensitive flesh of my entrails.

We were set for one hot fuck and the Italian Stallion didn't disappoint.
Neither did I for that matter.  I noticed a steel beam above us and scooted
down slightly until I could get my toes on it.  With that I had tremendous
leverage to push my hole down on what I came to learn as 8 inches of fat
fuck bone.  I'd have to say that all the stars aligned right at that moment
for the most incredible fuck since the morning I sent Armando off.  This
was different though.  There was no love involved here.  It was just a
pure, balls-to-the- wall fuck.  And it was far less gentle than the way
Armando and I made love.  This was wild.  And primitive.  And rough.  And I
loved every fucking piston stroke he drilled into me.

That fucking Squid battered my butt in ways that I don't know that any man
has ever done since.  The sound of our fuck was raw and primitive.  Every
time he planted his bone in my butt on the down strokes, he rammed my
shoulders roughly into the coils of fire hose below me and forced a hearty
groan out of me.  The sounds of wet flesh being punched didn't echo but
were instantly silenced by the cotton covered hoses around us.  I could
hear his heavy ball sac slapping against my hard ass cheeks that the
wetness of our fuck had soaked and then run down my back.  Generally, I'm
not the one that likes it fast and rough.  But that night, the setting,
D'Angerio being who and what he was and it being my second fuck all
combined to make me a fucking whore fuck hole.  Who knows how long we
fucked.  All I know is that a fucking Stud Squid made his moves in me like
it was his last fuck.  And I took everything he had.  Clawing at his fur
covered butt and lower back, I pulled him into me and pushed my hole back
at him for more.  We were in butt fuck heaven and both of us knew it.

The longer he fucked me, the more I opened my depths to him.  He was
ramming into that awesome pleasure pit deep inside of me and, in doing so,
it was feeling better and better with every thrust. I just hoped that he
would keep up the action because I felt like he was bringing me closer and
closer to an orgasm.  I knew enough to know that what was coming was not
about my dick, which was so fucking hard it was bobbing above my belly
about to burst.  No, the reason I was pushing my hole further down onto his
cock so that he could get even deeper into me for was much, much more than
about shooting my load.  Suddenly all the world was centered deep in my
asshole.  D'Angelo was doing something to me that I had only felt once
before. I started shaking.  I dug my nails into him to hold him close as he
pummeled me.  I know he didn't understand exactly what was going on, but he
knew enough to know that I was headed somewhere I wanted to go.  It was as
if I couldn't feel anything else.  Just a spot inside of me that had to be
touched over and over like his battering ram was doing.  If the man had a
cock as large as Kozinski's I could have taken it as hard as he was fucking
me.  All I could think of was depth.

"DEEPER!" I groaned as he hosed me.  The man complied with my wishes by
grinding his fat fuck tool into me and wrenching it around.  That got it.
As the orgasm built I involuntarily started groaning louder and louder.
D'Angelo silenced me by covering my mouth with his own, increasing my
pleasure even further.  Suddenly my hole started contracting in what I now
know to be a fucking ass orgasm.  Few men ever experience them, but if you
ever have you'll know complete fucking nirvana.  It consumes you so
completely that the universe is completely centered deep in your hole.

My fuck hole was undulating like no tomorrow.  It alternately tightened and
loosened in a contraction that started from deep in the pit of my belly all
the way out to my outer sphincter, stretched open so wide with the hard
howitzer D'Angelo had buried in me.  By the way he reacted, I could tell
that it felt awesome for him as well.  His breathing increased to a labored
pant, breaking our lip lock.  The sounds emanating from the two of us were
so loud that we're lucky nobody busted us.

In due time my ass orgasm subsided, leaving me basking in it's glow.  It
didn't take long before D'Angelo was right back to another furious fuck
pace.  The man knows only one way to fuck and that's hard and fast and
deep.  With punishing force, he drove his prick through my gaping gash,
over my joy bud, along the gripping walls of my hole and as deep as he
could plant his knob, stopped only by his pelvic bone smashing into my ass
cheeks and crushing his balls between us at the same time.  Damn, but
there's nothing like a rooting man!  The entire length of my fuck tunnel
was alive and singing the praises of his prick.  It felt as if he was
fucking my cock from the inside out.  I wanted it to go on forever, but
knew he'd soon be jetting in me.  No man can keep up the action he was
delivering.  The fact that his once baggy sac of balls was no longer
slapping me on the ass as he bottomed out in me told me that he was locking
in before unloading.

"Gonna fuckin' go!" he panted.

"Getting' your gun in me, Sailor?"

"Y � A � H !" was all he could say.  He was seconds away.

When he started groaning deeply, I knew he'd reached the point of no
return.  That's when I reached up and wrapped my hand around my own
hardness.  My knob was soaking wet with the slippery goo he'd been fucking
out of me for god knows how long.  The second I started sliding my now
slick hand up and down the length of me, my asshole clamped down on him
like a velvet glove.

"AHHHHHHH!" he moaned.  He was only able to take another few hard and deep
jabs in me before fuck pace slowed considerably.  The man's mouth was
hanging open as saliva drooled down his chin.  With a look of confusion and
disbelief on his face, he slowed almost to a stop before I felt him seed
me.  "UNNNGGGHHHHH!" he cried as soon as that first volley of cum left him.
Immediately his eyes rolled back in his head and he gave into the
incredible sensation that only a man shooting his load can know.  I love to
see how guys like that Sailor get off.  No matter how big and strong a man
is, he is powerless to his orgasm.  As I watched his face contort into all
sorts of positions, shot after shot of his stone sauce rocketed into my
depths with a force not unlike his fuck pace.  Knowing that he was shooting
his sperm inside of me brought me right to the brink of blowing.  With his
tongue hanging out of his mouth, he hung his head as he entered that space
you do after you stop ejaculating.  It only took another few strokes from
that point before I started jetting jizz all over my neck and face and
chest.  He jerked about as my hole clamped down on his super sensitive and
spent spear while I came.

Like a gentleman, he waited until I was all shot out before he pulled out
of me.  When he did, he collapsed in a heap next to me but not before
gathering me in his arms.  "Goddamn, Gyrene!  Are you a hot fuck or what?"
he said in labored breaths.

"Fuck, man, you're one to talk.  Where did you learn how to fuck like
that?"

"Like what?" he asked.

"Like a goddamned mad man"

"Too rough for you?"

"Normally, yes.  But you know just how to do it right!" I confessed.  He
responded with a smile and kissed me before he put his head down to rest.

It was hot as hell in that confined area and there wasn't much fresh air.
Both of us were soaking wet.  We lay there next to one another for I don't
know how long.  I think I actually drifted off to sleep for a while before
he woke me.

"C'mon, Dude.  We gotta get out of here.  It's late."  Late, hell.  It was
like 03:00 hours!  "You wanna get together soon for some more of this?" he
asked as he rounded up his clothes and boots.

"Oh, yah!" I answered, doing the same.

"Good, `cause I'm too fucked out to put it to you again tonight," he
reported as he rubbed my shoulders with his callused hands.  "But I do want
to fuck again," he finished.

"I'd like that"

"Goddamn, man.  How the hell can you take that?"

"I dunno, Stud.  But you're more than welcome to see if I can do it again"

"Hot damn!" he chuckled.

When we broke out of that hatch and into the corridor we were a mess.  Both
of us looked as if we'd just walked out of a steam room.  Wisely, we
quickly separated after making plans to meet later that day.  When I
returned to my quarters, everyone was understandably asleep.  Reaching my
rack, I looked down at Warner, in the rack below mine.  He was sleeping on
his back and I could see a big ol' hardon sticking up in his skivvies.  He
was no slouch in the looks department so I'd gotten plenty of good looks at
him in the showers.  I always knew his cock would grow big, but I hadn't
expected to ever see it hard.  It was quite a sight.  I sure would have
liked to sit down on it at that moment, but resisted the temptation
none-the-less.  See how insatiable I can be?  To show you just how much so,
when I crawled into my rack, I stripped off my briefs and flopped down
naked on my belly with my legs spread.  It seemed that all night long I
dreamed that one man after another crawled in my bunk and had their way
with me.  Any guy that wanted to could have fucked me that night.  Alas,
there were no takers.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm always happy to hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Tue, 9 Oct 2001 12:24:54 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 13

A Few Good Men 13:
Aftermath

Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 12, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1, precedes
the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all contain sex
between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between
consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men series
is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to protect
the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories I have
of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very early 80s
when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe sex
because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex with
condoms didn't really come into play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm
lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys back then and,
luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.



The morning after that night that I sneaked into Kozinski's bedroom and
fucked with him was a little weird.  I awoke first and the reality of the
situation hit me full on when I opened my eyes. If, by any chance, I had a
lapse in memory of what went on between us the night before, my fast asleep
straight roommate wrapped around my backside would have been my first clue.
His breathing was deep and steady.  The front of me was caked with dried
cum, a tell-tale sign of what had been.  Though his cock wasn't hard, it
felt sticky where it rested on my butt.  And my butt!  It was very slick
with the leavings of the two fucks of the night before.  Not only did I
have a buttload of Ski's seed in me, but it felt like my entire butt was
slippery with lube and fuck.  I figured that if I sat up I'd slide right
off the bed!

I'd sure let my dick do my thinking the night before and I lay there
wondering to what degree Ski would feel the same.  I'd just gotten so
fucking horny that I threw all caution to the wind and risked my life and
limb by putting the make on him.  He'd come home full of beer and I'd
gotten him all hot and bothered by waking him up with a blow job.  He bit
the bait and threw me a couple mean fucks with that 12" cock of his.  My
only excuse was being a horny gay guy that hadn't been with a man in nine
weeks.  He, on the other hand, had quite a bit to drink and might not like
what he remembered when he finally woke up.  Straight guys tend to be that
way.  I wasn't horribly worried because I knew that he was no stranger
around a man's ass.  After all, he'd fucked me that one time when he'd
busted Armando and I fucking.  Armando!  Fuck!  What had I done?  I'd
gotten so lonely and horny that I'd gotten it on with our roommate?  Shit!
How fucked up was that?  Somehow that didn't freak me for too long because
basically I knew that sex with Ski was just that.  Sex.  There was no
chance that it would be, nor did I ever want it to be, more than a hot
fuck.  It then occurred to me that Ski might play the
Jesus-was-I-drunk-last-night routine.  That freaked me out a little bit.  I
needn't have worried however.  Ski woke up in the middle of my mind fuck.

"Mornin', Stud" he said sleepily, rolling onto his back away from me.

"Morning" I said sheepishly.

"Sleep ok?" he asked in mid-yawn as he stretched.

"Yah, I guess so"

"Good" he said as he patted my butt in a buddy sort of way.  The room was
cold from the damp ocean air outside.  Nuzzling up to my backside again for
warmth, he pulled me close.  "Goddamn, but you are a hot fuck" he stated
matter of factly.  I laughed in response.  "You are!" he emphasized.

"Thanks" was all I could reply.

"So whaddya thinking, Sean?" he asked, knowing that something was on my
mind.  The man wasn't as dumb as I thought.

"I'm just freakin' a bit"

"Armando?"

"Yah"

"Don't freak, Dude" he said as he rubbed my head.  "Last night was just two
buddies helping one another out, right?"

"Of course"

"I mean, you are one helluva fuck and I don't even want to know how you can
take my big ol' cock," he said as he ground it against me.  I'll be damned
if it wasn't getting bigger!

"Well, I guess it comes from practice, Ski" I answered.

"Yah, right!  So anyway, don't sweat it, Dude" he continued as he crawled
out of bed and headed for the can.  "Anytime you need a dickin', you can
come to Uncle Ski!"

"Ya?"

"Ya.  Don't you go fuckin' around with any gay guys now.  Armando wouldn't
like that"

"Shit," I said as I too crawled out of bed and headed for my room, "he
wouldn't like this either!" making reference to the night we'd just spent
fucking.  Damn, I felt a little guilty about what I'd done.  I crossed the
hall and quickly made my way to my bathroom for a long and satisfying piss.
Standing there pissing, I looked at the reflection of myself in the mirror
in front of me.  The Corps had really sculpted quite a body out of the trim
and fit one I'd already had. I saw that my body was changing to more and
more of a man's body.  I ran my hand across my groin and flat belly and
flaked off the dried cum there.  My hand continued up onto my hard pecs
where I tweeked my right tit.  Bolts of electricity sparked immediately
into my dick.  Damn, it felt good.  I had this easy feeling of contentment
one gets when they've been laid as completely as I had been just hours
before.  It made me smile.

 "Anyway, don't beat yourself up over it, Man.  You're what, 20 fucking
years old, right?" Ski continued our conversation, suddenly behind me.  He
startled me.  I pissed all over the toilet.

"Shit, Ski!" I laughed with a jolt.  "You scared the hell out of me"

"Sorry, Dude.  I just don't want you to freak over nothing"

"This was nothing?" I teased as I pushed my butt towards him while I shook
the piss from my dick.  In the mirror I saw him get a good look at what
he'd fucked just a few hours ago.  His cock was swinging about half hard.

"You got needs, that's all" he reasoned with a grin.  "I'm sure Armando
would rather you be swinging on ol' Poleski that some stranger in a bar"

"I guess you're right" I agreed.  Pretty fucked up logic to me today, but
it made perfect sense back then!  What a fucking babe in the woods I was,
huh?

"So, like I said, anytime you need a dickin' you come to me, ok?" he said
softly as he wrapped himself around my backside.  It was a little startling
because the guy had always been such a pussy hound, so it seemed strange.
The other times he'd nailed me were after he'd watched Armando fucking me
and the night before when I'd woken him up with a blow job.  He was
definitely coming on to me in a largely non- sexual situation, so it was a
little odd.

"Anytime?"

"Anytime"

"Like maybe 08:20 on a Sunday morning?" I asked, referencing the present
time.  I was still horny.  Hey, I was 20, remember?

"No time like the present, Dude" he whispered in my ear as he rubbed his
rapidly hardening cock on my butt.  I pushed back against him.  As I said
before, he wasn't the best looking guy in the world but he had a fucking
body on him that would put Michelangelo's David to shame.  The man was rock
fucking hard everywhere you touched him.  He had great arms and a set of
pecs that invited stares.  His belly was a six pack of abs and, like his
chest, arms and legs, was covered in a thick pelt of copper colored fur.
At over 6' tall, the man's torso sat on top of a fat-free 31" waist and a
bubble butt that was seemingly carved from white marble.  Add to all of
that the fact that God blessed him with the biggest fucking cock you could
imagine.  A true twelve-incher.

"You gonna nail me again, Ski?" I asked, looking at him in the mirror,
knowing the answer.

He looked me right in the eye and answered, "I'm afraid I gotta put it to
you again."  My cock surged and my butt gaped when I heard that.  The man
wasn't really planting kisses on my neck, but he was nuzzling his face up
against me and rubbing his day's growth over my skin.  Goosebumps spread
over my body.  Kozinski was doing a little dick dance against me.  "Would
you like that, Sean?" he asked softly.

"I think so, Ski" I answered before continuing with a word of caution, "I'm
just not sure I can take it again"

"Oh, Man!  Uncle Ski is going to be so gentle with you" he purred.  His
fucking cock was nearly like a crowbar at that moment.  "C'mon," he
commanded as he turned me around and led out of the head.  "Let's go mess
up the sheets some more in my bed" he cooed as he directed me across the
hall.  The whole thing felt so right, but the fact that it was my straight
roommate sweet talking me didn't go unnoticed.  I was reminded at that time
that guys with a hardon will say just about anything to get their dick wet.
Kozinski was no different.  He was a man with mammoth meat who's looks
prevented him from getting laid on a regular basis.  He'd found a ready and
willing hole and he wasn't going to let it get away.  Whether it was
fucking a man or a woman, he was hell bent on getting laid.  Guiding me
toward his bed he eased me down onto it when we got there.  He'd pushed me
down onto my belly and in an instant he was on my back.

In no time he was all over my ass with his hands.  It felt great to have
the hot hetero hunk fingering my hole.  At the same time he nipped at my
neck and liked the reaction it got right away.  Hell, what top man wouldn't
like it when their bottom moaned with pleasure and pushed their ass at the
hands groping them?  I know that a lot of guys would have their suspicions
that Kozinski was a closet case or something.  I can assure you that this
guy was merely a selfish heterosexual that had found a hot hole to fuck and
was going to ride the buttfuck train until he found a woman that could and
would take him.  And that was just fine with me.

Ski was a quick study and in no time he was chewing on my neck while his
fingers were buried in my gash up to the webbing of his hand.  It wasn't
exactly foreplay, but geez it felt good.  Damn, I was wet.  Once he started
playing earnestly with my butt, he released a lot of the cum and lube and
natural butt juices from our fucks the night before.  An old farm boy, Ski
dove right in.  Before long his hand was coated in slick.

"Oh, fuck, Sean!" he purred.  "You're some kind of wet"

"Yah, fucker!  You made me that way"

"I'm gonna fuck you in the ass!"

"Yah, c'mon Jarhead!" I encouraged.  "Fuck this man in the ass!"

"Goddamn, but your hole is hot," he said with his voice shaking.  I could
tell he was stroking his cock.  He was spreading the viscous slick up and
down the length of himself.

"Hot for a fucking, Dude," I shot back, knowing that I was gonna get stuck
in about 10 seconds flat.

"Ya want it?" he rasped

"Dick me, Dude!" I ordered.  My hole was gaping and I was ready for
whatever he could deliver.  He crawled onto my back and got into position,
kicking my legs apart.  "Just take it easy" I cautioned as I felt his
howitzer searching for my gushing gate.  A second later his knob slipped
effortlessly just inside of me.  With tremendous restraint, the man held
still.  "Ah, gawd!" I groaned.  It felt so damned hot to have him back
inside of me.  He took that as a license to stick.  Keeping up a steady
pressure, the man mounted me as inch after inch of his bone sunk into my
depths.  Despite his size, the fucks he'd thrown me earlier in the wee
hours of that morning had opened me up.  With little fanfare or discomfort,
Ski had soon taken all of my mancunt and was soon knocking at the very
inner door to my guts.

Like the cock and asshole ballet it was, we moved with and against one
another for maximum penetration.  As soon as he'd broken through my inner
sphincter, it was all over for me.  There was no pretense of muscle control
at that point.  My entire hole opened for him.  He fucking owned my ass.
Slowly but surely the man fucked into me with precision.  For a guy that
didn't get laid all that often, he sure knew how to push all of my buttons.
Deeper and deeper he plunged into me.  Before long, he'd fucked the muscle
control out of my butt and it had given up all of its juices, soaking our
union.  Never one to be able to bottom out in a hole, Kozinski stayed
buried to the balls and rooted around in my rectum so fucking fine.
Goddamn, but he was in deep!

"I gotta get on my back!" I groaned as he put it to me.  He was banging
around in uncharted territory and while it was making me feel hot, his hard
cock was wrecking my butt nut.  When a man fucks you on your belly, the
underside of his cock constantly rams all over your prostate, which can get
uncomfortable after a while.  When you take dick on your back, the topside
of his boner rubs periodically against it.  That feels awesome.  I had to
have that feeling at that moment.  At my request, Ski pulled out and let me
flip over.  Grabbing a pillow, I slid it under my ass.  Lying back, I
pulled my legs up and let him crawl in between them.  The man looked down
and aimed his gigantor at my gash.

"Goddamn, Sean!" he sputtered as he poked his head into me.  "Just like a
fucking cunt," he rasped as he sunk his bone in my butt.  I took it was a
compliment.

I was so open for him, you could have driven a fucking truck inside of me.
Effortlessly, the man slid all twelve inches into my depths and resumed the
fuck rhythm I'd interrupted just a couple of minutes before.  Damn, just
like I knew it would, the fuck felt even better than before.  Looking down,
I could see that massive meat stick sawing into my guts.  His hot fucking
body was all tense and hard as he put it to me.  His abs bulged as he fed
me his manhood a foot at a time.  Faster and faster he fucked into me.  The
fucker power dicked me like there was no tomorrow.  All of the sights,
sounds, smells and sensations ganged up on me and I fuckin' gave it all up
to him.  Just like I did for Armando.  Ah, hell, just like I did for most
hot men that fucked me.

Pushing out hard from inside, my asshole gaped open wide and several inches
of my insides moved down on my top's hardness, letting him in even deeper
than before.  At this point my butthole was nothing more than a huge and
swollen, wet and distended pair of asslips that his balls were slipping
around on.  Fuck an A if I wasn't as loose as a goose on the outside but
tight and even wetter deep inside where the business end of him was doing a
major dick dance.  That's the best kind of fuck.  In and out the man fucked
for maxium friction without care to my needs, unaware that he was meeting
them every fucking time he diddled me deep.

I have no idea how long we fucked that morning.  It could have been thirty
seconds or thirty minutes.  All I know is that it was the deepest fuck I'd
ever taken and all I could do was lay there, hold my breath and take in all
of the awesome sensations that were shooting through my body.  Fuckin' Ski
was all man and I was giving it up to him.  My fuckin' cock was boned up
big time and it felt like he was fucking it from the inside.  Everything
was centered in my ass and cock at that moment.  I couldn't feel my legs or
arms or anything else.  It was all about my hole that was getting pounded
hard.  Ski was dripping with sweat and I could see that he was struggling
with his desire to prolong the ecstasy and his need as a man to seed me.
We just stared into one another's eyes in wonderment that we'd taken things
that far and just how fucking hot it was.

"Unbelievable" was all he could say between hard and labored breaths.

Though I probably meant to say something else, "Unnnnggghhhhhh" was all
that came out of me.  He was fucking all of these obscene noises out of me
and it was having a massive effect on him.

Faster and faster he fucked into me until his pile driving hips were a
blur.  I could tell he was on his last sprint.  It was a good thing because
all of a sudden my asshole started spasming as my cock locked and loaded.
Just a few more hard poundings is all it took before I let loose with a
load of spunk that shot out initially over my face and neck and the pillow
my head was lying on.  Though I'd started cumming without touching my cock,
I wrapped my hand around my bone on, intensifying an already mind blowing
orgasm.  When I did, my hole clamped down hard on the piston working the
entire length of it.  Immediately the sensations on my joy button increased
a thousand fold and rope after rope of thick and viscous Jarhead jizz
jetted onto my belly.  While I lay there in buttfuck heaven getting my nut,
my asshole sucked hard against the bone that had been breeding me.
Obviously that had an effect on Kozinski because he rapidly reached the
point of no return.  Just as I was about shot out, the man grabbed my hips,
rammed it in balls deep and froze in place as nature took its course.
Throwing his head back, a long and guttural groan escaped as he hosed his
ball cream into me.  Gawd, there's nothing better than to see than a man
getting his nut.  Ski seeded me oh so fucking fine!  That fucking Grunt
gunned into my guts because that's what men do.  And fuck-an-A if Kozinski
wasn't all fucking man!

In just a couple of minutes, we'd both cooled down enough to know that we'd
crossed some kind of line.  For me, it was that I'd been fucked
unbelievably deeply and had easily taken a massive cock that should have
been wrecked me.  For Ski though, I could see in his eyes that he might
have enjoyed fucking a man in the ass a little too much for his comfort.
There seemed to be an unspoken communication between us that told me that
he'd never been laid like that before.  His eyes told me that he'd just
discovered how hot fucking can be.  And I think it was freaking him out a
little bit that it had been with a man.  I know it was because he pulled
out of me, turned away and headed for the head without saying a word other
than, "Goddamn!"

I quickly pulled myself together and high tailed it to my room where I
closed the door behind me.  Still reeling from all that had gone on in the
past 6 or 7 hours, I dealt with it in the privacy of my own space.  I was
quickly able to shake off the fact that I'd fucked with another man other
than Armando.  I did that with the knowledge that it was just sex and that
we'd been separated for nine weeks and 3,000 miles and had no fucking idea
when we'd ever see one another again.  Even the fact that I'd been able to
take a cock as fucking huge as Ski's was no biggee.  Hell, I was a born
bottom and merely learned that size was no detraction when I really wanted
to fuck with a man.  What was a little freaky was that all the action over
the previous several hours was with Kozinski.  The guy that I'd always
knows as the straight, pussy hunting farm boy.  It made me grin a little to
know that I might have "turned" a straight guy.  Not turned him gay or
anything, because that's just not possible.  But I knew that what had gone
on between us had forever changed him.  He would never be able to look at
fucking a man in the ass the same.  Hell, he'd enjoyed it so much, he might
not ever be able to resist it again.  The thought of that made me laugh.

I hopped in the shower and washed the sex and sweat and cum and lube and
butt slick from both inside and out.  Stepping out of the shower, I rubbed
myself vigorously with the cotton towel until my body tingled even more
than it did from the hot fuck Ski had thrown me a few minutes earlier.  As
I ran the towel between my legs I noted that my asslips were still swollen
and very tender. It felt great to run the cotton terry over them.  When I
stepped into a fresh pair of briefs a few minutes later, I loved the
sensation of the soft cotton caressing my butthole as well.  Gawd, I
reveled in the fact that I loved being a man who loves being taken by other
men.

The rest of the day Kozinski and I didn't see too much of one another.  He
had ducked out to do laundry soon after I emerged from my room after my
shower and I didn't see him for several hours later.  He seemed ok about
what had happened, if a little quiet.  I just let him be.

Actually, my friendship with him as a roommate was pretty good.  He was
just a plain ol' farm boy that took things in stride.  Nothing seemed to
really get him all that excited and he seemed to accept just about
everybody for who they were.  Even to this day I don't think I've ever met
anybody quite like LCpl Kozinski.  He was a man of very simple needs.  Very
well organized and pretty damned disciplined, he got along well with
everyone and was a damned good Marine to boot.

It was pretty obvious that his psyche was greatly affected by his looks
and, surprisingly, his big dick.  Instead of being a source of pride in his
youth, he somehow allowed the size of his cock to be an item of ridicule by
other guys.  We all know kids can be mean.  Kozinski was living proof of
that.  I grew to really like the man and, though I didn't understand why
then, I now know it was because, to me at least, he was sexy as all hell.
No, he certainly wasn't handsome, but his gentle masculinity and the way he
carried himself made him sexy.  Of course, his awesome body and big fucking
dick didn't hurt either!  In any event, the two of us lost souls became
buds.  Well, maybe a little more than buds.  You see, buds generally don't
fuck and, well, we did!

Though it didn't last really long, from a balls-to-the-wall angle, we were
hot in the sack together.  Men have this uncanny knack of being able to
have hot fucking sex without any pretense of commitment.  But that can't
last forever for a gay guy with a man that truly identifies as a
heterosexual.  At least for me it couldn't.  We were just really convenient
for one another.  I was a perpetually horny 20-year old and he was a guy in
his very late 20s who loved to fuck and had never really been set loose in
the sack.  I'm sure that if he'd gotten laid even half as often as his body
told him to, nothing would have happened between us.  But he hadn't.
Partially because of his looks and partially because of his cock size but
mostly because of his self-esteem, the man had never really developed any
kind of sexual relationship with anyone---woman or man.  Therefore, when
the opportunity presented itself with me, Ski took advantage of it right
along with me. Getting fucked regularly by a monster dick is every bottom's
dream so I was in fuck heaven.  It took extraordinary effort to get dicked
by such a fucking beast but, like any true bottom, I learned to take it
like a man.  Having a hot and wet hole to fuck on a regular basis was a
dream come true for Ski, so he went for it.  Actually, he went for it in a
big way.

I said it sex between us didn't last for very long, but when we were having
it, it was sure hot.  It didn't take long after that hot morning fuck for
Kozinski to start asking for ass.  He seemed to be able to go without sex
for about the same amount of time I could.  Even though I was the aggressor
that very first time when I'd sneaked into his room and blown him, it
wasn't my nature.  So it seemed natural that he started asking for it.
After all, he was the top, the Stud, the penetrator.  It only seems natural
that he'd be the one that would speak up when he wanted to get his weenie
wet.  It only took about a week after that first time before he came
knocking at my door.  Quite literally in fact.

I'd been pretty fucking horny all day.  Ski and I had been lying around
watching TV that night when I got a hankering for some butt play.  My first
thought was having some one on one time with one or more of my latex
buddies waiting for me in my nightstand.  I thought about it for like two
minutes before begging off for the night on the pretense that I was hitting
the sack.

"'Night, Ski" I said as I rose from the sofa.

"You hitting the sack?" he asked from his easy chair.

"Yah, I'm beat"

"Hmmmph.  I know what you're gonna beat" he funned.

"Well, yah, maybe some of that too" I grinned as I crossed the room.

"Maybe you'd like a little of this" he said as he grabbed his dick in his
shorts.  I glanced at the mound he was gripping.

"There's nothing little about that, Ski!" I mused, stopping at the doorway
to the hall.  Then, before turning to head to my room, I said, "That's an
all or nothing proposition"

"Then how `bout taking it all?" he called out to me as I walked down the
hall.

"I dunno, Ski.  Not sure I could take it tonight," I said lamely as I
stepped into my room.  I wasn't exactly sure if I was in the mood for him.

Before I had a chance to shut the door, he piped up, "Gonna leave me high
and dry, huh?"

I really didn't have an answer for him so I just closed the door to my
room.  I felt a little uneasy about the subject of sex between us yet, at
the same time, it kinda turned me on that he seemed interested in sticking
me again.  One thing for sure, I needed to be penetrated big time.  I
really didn't care if it was from one of my toys or from a super hung Stud
like Kozinski.  Knowing that getting his mammoth meat into me would be a
real chore, I opted for the easy way out.  In a flash I was stripped and in
the shower to rinse my guts.  Once done, I patted myself dry.

Setting the scene for my little play session took just a minute.  Turning
the lamp on the nightstand down real low, I lay a towel down with two of my
toys and some lube.  I fluffed up a couple pillows against the headboard to
lay against and placed another where I could set my butt on.  Covering that
pillow with a towel, I sat on it and leaned back against the pillows on the
headboard in a laid-back position.  I reached into the nightstand for a
magazine and quickly found some hot and horny friction fiction to read.  In
no time I had my hand wrapped around a randy rod while I was engrossed in a
story about a Cowboy who happened upon a young and wounded Indian warrior.
While the Cowboy tended to the Indian's wounds one thing led to another and
soon enough the Cowboy's hard cock was seated deeply in the warm saddle of
the Indian's tight and wet asshole.  I jacked off to that hot story and
nearly came along with the Cowboy as he coated the insides of that Indian
with a week's load of his Wrangler wad.

Next, I reached for the VCR and TV remotes and fired up one of my favorite
porn tapes.  It was already spooled to my favorite fuck scene so I busied
myself by squirting a generous amount of lube up my hole before sliding the
smaller of my two buds inside.  A young French navy guy was taking it up
the ass by an older, larger, stronger and much hairier buddy with a big
uncut cock.  Ah, my favorite!  The camera angle was awesome as it zoomed in
and caught the magic of the large cock slipping past gaping asslips and
into the wet hole.

My eyes glazed over as I fucked my butt in sync with the cock fucking on
the screen.  In no time my hole was open and ready for some heavy-duty
action.  Keeping my steely shaft in my hand, I let go of the seven- inch
dildo that had breached me.  It slid nearly out of me as I reached with the
other hand and retrieved my larger buddy next to me.  Lifting my legs and
pushing down from inside caused the dildo in me to pop out onto the towel
below.  Before my asshole had time to clamp shut again, I nudged the
business end of the larger dildo at my spasming sphincter and slipped it
just inside.  It took just a few seconds for my butt to adjust to the
larger intrusion.  Once done, I was sliding nearly the entire length
forward into me.  What a wonderful feeling that was.  Before long I was
really ramming that butt buster into me all the while the hot top on the
screen was pouring it to the obviously appreciative bottom.  Though I
couldn't understand the French words he was muttering, it was clear he was
enjoying getting hosed as much as I was.  I started feeling that need to
cum deep inside of me, so I backed off on the action on my Jackson.  Just
then there was a knock at my door.

"Hey, Bud.  I thought you were going to sleep" Kozinski said from the hall.

"Uh, well, I thought I'd just catch a little TV, Ski," I said, a little
startled.  Shit!  He was interrupting a pretty hot fuck session.

"Yah, I can imagine what you're watching.  Had to take a shower for that,
huh?" he asked.  Damn him!  Again he showed me that he wasn't as dumb as we
thought.  He knew damned well why I'd hopped in the shower.

"Damn, Dude!  What do you care?" I asked.  Here I was lying on my back with
about eight great inches of latex rammed up my backside and another couple
to go and my fucking roommate wants to have a conversation through the
door.  It made me grin.

"Oh, I dunno, Sean.  I just thought that maybe we could help one another
out.  You are horny, right?"

"Damn straight, Ski.  And I'm pretty busy doing something about it right
about now, Dude"

"Ah, Man!" he groaned.  "I'm about to bust out of my pants," he said as he
opened the door.  He just walked right into my room!  There I was in the
middle of diddling my butt and spanking my monkey when the fucker just
walks in!

"Fuck, Ski!" I said incredulously.

"Yah, just what I thought," he leered with that sex look in his eyes that
I'd seen a couple of times before.  "I knew you were takin' care of that
hot hole"

"Jesus, Ski.  Do you mind?" I asked.

"Not at all, Sean," he answered, walking toward the bed with his bone in
his hand.  It looked menacing but I was mesmerized.  He stood at the foot
of the bed for a minute, just stroking himself.  His eyes never left my
butt.  "Wouldn't you rather have some of this?" he asked, aiming his hardon
in my direction.  I pushed the dildo in and out of me slowly.

"Well, yah" I rasped once I'd thought about it.  I knew it would feel good
and, at 20, what else do you think of?  Geez, was I an easy fuck or what?

"Then let's get it on, fucker!" he grunted as he stripped his shorts off.
In a jiffy the hunk was naked as the day he was born and ready to breed.
My heart leaped in my chest when I saw him in all his naked fucking glory.

"Put some of this on that thing" I instructed as I threw the lube to him.
"Use lots of it"

"Gotcha" he answered as he dutifully slicked the entire surface of his rod
with slick goo.  I lifted my legs and kept pushing the large toy in and out
of me as I watched him get ready to fuck me.  It turned me on.  He looked
down and saw the action.  "Oh, I'm gonna fuck you like nobody's business!"
he moaned as he crawled onto his knees on the bed.  Aiming his cock at my
latex stuffed hole, he moved in closer.  I pulled the toy out seconds
before Ski pushed his proud knob at my gaping hole.

Before my outer sphincter even knew what was happening, Ski had breached it
and slid a couple inches inside.  I stopped him at that point to let me get
used to his much larger cock.  My hole alternately spasmed and gaped open
as he slowly fed me inch after inch of his hetero hose.  I held my breath,
allowing maximum dilation as he filled me with his manhood.  In no time,
he'd buried fully eight inches in me and was knocking at the door to my
second sphincter.  Hell, it wasn't long before he was moving through that.
After all, I'd slid my dildo through it just minutes before.  It didn't
take long before Poleski was seated in my butt and ready to fuck me into
the mattress.  I think he'd forgotten that the last time we'd fucked was
actually the third time we'd fucked in a short period of time.
Consequently, I was a lot more open and ready for him then than I was
presently.  Thus, I had to keep pushing at him to not fuck me so hard and
deep.  It was a little excruciating, but we finally got into a fuck rhythm
that worked for both of us.

Nothing like the fuck we'd had the week before, the two of us moved in
unison towards getting off.  There seemed to be an unspoken communication
that this was all about getting our nuts off.  That was just fine with me,
because I wasn't sure just how much longer I could take the man's mammoth
meat.  Lying there on my back, I took him inside of me and even groaned in
pleasure as he buried himself and wrenched back and forth.  Grabbing my own
hard cock, I jacked myself off while the Jarhead jackhammered my hole with
his pole.

We fucked for about 10 minutes before I noticed that his balls were no
longer slapping against my butt.  Seeing as though he had really droopy
balls, that was always a telltale sign that the man was getting close to
getting off.  He was full on into fuck drive, plunging his proud prick in
and out of me rapidly, when I pushed out and drove another inch or two of
my guts down onto his hot howitzer.  Now my swollen asslips were bulging
against the base of his mantool, where his balls were snapped tight.  That
did it for Ski.  He started fucking me harder, signaling that he was about
to lose it.  I furiously fucked my own cock with my hand, bringing myself
to the brink of spewing.  All at once the super hung Marine slowed down his
strokes as his eyes rolled back in his skull.

"ARRRRGGGGGHHHH," he roared as he started rocketing ropes of his rock sauce
into me.

"Ah, yah," I moaned when I felt the familiar sensation of semen coating my
depths.  "Fuck me full of it, Ski!"

"Creamin' your guts, you little fuckin' Slut!" he grunted while he emptied
his nuts into me.

"Oh, fuck yah!" I screamed as he creamed.  The fucker's filth talk really
got to me.  My balls stung and my legs shook.  Just about the time he
stopped shooting, I let loose with my own load.  Yet another hot cum with a
man sized cock buried in me.  Nothing like that in all the world.  In no
time I had a puddle of pud pudding on my belly that had been brewing in my
balls for days.

Not a minute later, Ski pulled out of me with a plop and walked out of my
room without a word, closing the door behind him.  It had been a no-strings
attached fuck between two buddies looking to get off and that was just fine
with me.  Even better than any session I would have had with my latex buds,
I was satisfied and happy what had just happened.  Freshly fucked and sated
for the moment, I cleaned up and drifted off to sleep with a butthole that
sang.

That seemed to be how we got it on from then on.  Just a couple of buds
getting off.  Oh, it was hot for sure and once in a while we even fell
asleep and slept together after we fucked.  But it wasn't like any sexual
relationship I'd ever had.  First of all, like most straight guys you can
get into the sack, Kozinski wouldn't kiss. Most straight guys are like
that.  I find that so odd.  They'll let you blow them and, if you get them
naked in the sack, once in a blue moon they might even suck your dick.  Get
`em hot and they're not very hard to convince to fuck you.  Hell, after
they've fucked you a few times and you get `em hot enough, some of them
might even eat your ass before they stick it.  That's no kidding either.
But try to kiss one of them just once and watch how they freak out!
Kissing has always been a heavy duty prerequisite for me, so it was very
easy to keep sex with Ski in perspective.

As hot as it was, it just wasn't fulfilling for either of us.  I could tell
that it started affecting our friendship too in the sense that we both
started spending less and less time together.  Even in my young and dumb
and full of cum youth, I knew that it wasn't a good thing.

Armando and I never made the transition to long distance lovers very well.
That depressed me enough.  But, before long, I was sniffing around to find
a new mate.  And that meant taking it in the ass from strangers again.
Most of those guys had no intention of anything other than getting their
nut.  That fucking depressed me even more.  There were just too many
memories and reminders of Armando and I together there in Oceanside and
CamPen.  I knew I needed to get out of there.  So, I eventually put in for
a transfer to anywhere.  It took a while, but Uncle Sam finally obliged me
in a big way.  At first I was bummed at where they were sending me, but I
later learned that just about every Gyrene had to do it at some point in
their career.  Because of my mechanical skills, I'd been able to hang
around CamPen much longer than I normally would have, so I was ready for
whatever was to come.

I didn't have very much, so it didn't take me very long or too much effort
to pack up to ship out when I got my orders.  I let Armando and Ski make a
deal on the truck and didn't bother with it.  Ski found a new roommate
before I left, so everything seemed in order.  All that was left was for me
to say my good byes and get the hell out.  That last day Kozinski hugged me
hard like a buddy who was going to miss his friend.  I felt good about that
and my decision to leave.  Until I got to my new duty station and reality
set in.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm always happy to hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Wed, 3 Oct 2001 19:14:39 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 12

A Few Good Men 12:
Drifting


Note:  The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 11, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1,
precedes the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all
contain sex between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of
sex between consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to
clear up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men
series is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to
protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best
memories I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in
the very early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't
practice safe sex because it was the very beginning of the health crisis
and safe sex with condoms didn't really come into play until like the
mid 80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly
military guys back then and, luckily, am still negative all these years
later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.
I just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your
comments.  Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to
this and all the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.




Needless to say that after Sergeant Contreras was transferred to Camp La
Juene, I was beyond fucked up.  For a few weeks we spoke at least once a
day, but then it became every couple of days.  I think the two of us saw
where it was going.  I tried everything to get transferred to be with
Armando.  My commanding officer didn't want to lose me, so a transfer
was nearly impossible.  I was beside myself with grief.  It felt as if
somebody had torn my heart out.  Back then I was so young and into the
whole macho Marine bullshit that I was going out of my mind with all the
feelings that bounced around inside of me.  I didn't know how to deal
with it.  I'm far more in touch with my emotions today.  Kozinski was a
good roommate, but of little help.  What could I have realistically
expected from him anyway?  He'd worked himself into quite a thing with
Gail, so they spent most of their time together.  That was actually fine
with me since the last thing I needed to be doing was moping around in
front of a straight roommate.  I was truly alone.

`Ski and Gail were seemingly on the happy track. For a long while they
were seemingly inseparable.  They spent most of their time at our place.
He told me that they were finalizing plans to move in together.  It
seems like all they did was fuck.  I lay awake on more than one night
listening to the not-so-far-off sounds of him putting it to her.  At
first it didn't bother me.  I really didn't give it much thought.  Then
it began to arouse me when I'd think of that huge schwanz of his gliding
in and out of her slick slot.  I confess that I became jealous of her.
After a while though it started wearing a little thin.  Finally I
couldn't stand the sound of it.  That the fucking bitch was getting more
than her share of his hot het cock was a bit more than I could handle.
Frankly, I began to resent her.

After a while something happened between `Ski and Gail though.  I wasn't
sure what had happened, but suddenly he was around alone a lot.  It was
obvious something was amiss.  All I knew is that he was hurting.  We
were miserable company.  Unlike me however, Kozinski didn't spend much
time at home.  He started going out all the time and coming home drunk.
When I tried to help, he made it very clear that he didn't want to talk
about it.

As hard as it may be to believe, despite the fact that I was 20 years
old, I had no desire for sex.  Hell, I didn't even jack off.  That
didn't last forever though.  The physical needs of my body began to
overtake me after several weeks.  One night I dreamt that Armando and I
were on a beach in the tropics.  We were naked and in the throes of
passion.  He lifted my legs and slid his chorizo inside of me.  We
fucked for what seemed like hours until I had an explosive orgasm.  When
I woke up the sheets and I were soaked with cum.  I'd had a fucking wet
dream!  Don't think I'd had one of those since I was about 14.  That was
depressing.  Over the course of the next week, maybe longer, my body
cried out to me for its need for sexual release.  Finally the hornies
got the best of me one Saturday.

As usual, I'd been working around the house all day.  I'd taken a shower
early in the evening.  Anticipating the many sleepless hours ahead, I
resisted the urgent need to get off in the shower though I'd carefully
and methodically rinsed myself inside and out.  Realizing I hadn't eaten
all day, I wolfed down a tasteless meal and washed it down with a few
beers.  Despite my hornies though, I drifted off to sleep in front of
the TV.  I was awakened suddenly when `Ski came home.  It was after
2:00---the time the bars close in California---and he seemed pretty
wasted.  He made no small talk and went to his room.

Moments later I slid naked between clean sheets.  I was hard in a jiffy.
Wrapping my hand around my meat, I stroked it for the first time in
many, many weeks.  As good as it felt my ass needed attention too.
While continuing to work that super sensitive trigger ridge on the
underside of my dick head, I reached into the nightstand drawer for the
trusted friend I'd known so long.  After lubing me and my big buddy up,
I slid him slowly into my deprived depths.  In no time, he was balls-
deep and I was on the moon.  I felt sensations inside of me that I
hadn't for a long time.  It sure as hell wasn't Armando, but it felt
goddamned good to get some dick.  All too soon I was locked and loaded.
That's what happens when you haven't had it for a long time.  Before I
knew it, I was shooting ropes of cum across my chest and belly while my
good buddy was bearing down on my love nut.  It sure felt good to spew,
but as soon as I did I felt empty.  As good as it was it sure-as-hell
couldn't take the place of giving it up to a man.  After wiping up, I
drifted off to a fitful sleep.

A couple of hours later I awoke with a roaring hardon and a renewed
desire to be fucked.  I slid my bud inside again and fucked myself
furiously.  No matter how fast, how hard or how deep I diddled my hole,
it just didn't feel good to me.  Finally I stopped and threw my friend
aside in anger.  My cock was rock hard, my butthole was gaping and I was
ready to be bred.  Damn, I'd have given just about anything to have a
man at that moment.  The fact that there wasn't a man in sight to fill
my needs was depressing.  No man around, I thought to myself.  Except
Kozinski.  I allowed myself the fantasy of him.  It made my dick harder
thinking about that ultra fine specimen of manhood lying flaccid across
the hall from me.  While I stroked my cock, I fantasized that he was
fucking me.  Just the thought of that massive meat embedded in my butt
nearly brought me off.  While I was in the throes of that fantasy, I had
a crazy thought.  What if I could get `Ski to fuck me?  He'd done it
before, hadn't he?  As preposterous as it sounds now, I actually
entertained the thought then.  I needed a man and I needed it bad.  I
was all dressed and nowhere to go, as it were.  I was lying there with a
raging hardon and a pair of swollen asslips opening into a gaping gash
that needed to be filled.

I know it sounds crazy, but my extreme horniness propelled me toward
Kozinski's room.  His door was ajar so I pushed it open.  The moonlight
coming through the window illuminated the bed so I could see him
clearly.  The light glistened on the copper fur covering the front of
him.  He was sound-asleep on his back.  Stepping into the room, I stood
against the wall and took in the sight of him.  The room smelled ripe of
beer and man. The night was warm, so the sheet was only partially
covering him.  One of his legs, the one closest to the edge of the bed,
was uncovered.  I had this uncontrollable urge to see the man naked.  I
had no idea what his reaction was going to be if and when I woke him up.
I was pretty sure he wouldn't freak if he knew it was me that was
molesting him.  I just wasn't sure what his Marine training would make
him do if he awoke suddenly.  From the foot of the bed, I pulled the
sheet off of him very, very slowly.  In doing so, I gradually uncovered
his belly, his waist and then that awesome fucking mantool of his.  Soft
and sleeping, it was none-the-less impressive in size.  Hanging on his
right thigh, it was supported by the twin orbs in their sac between his
legs.

I stole carefully over to the side of the bed where I could see him
better.  His breaths came slow and regular, signaling a deep sleep.
Watching his face for any signs of stirring, I silently fell to my
knees.  My mouth salivated as I closed in on his manhood.  The manscent
coming from `Ski was strong.  It smelled of sweat and balls and butt all
steeped in testosterone.  In the illuminated darkness I could see his
penis clearly.  It was a fucking beauty.  About 5 inches long soft with
the loose skin gathered below his circumcision scar.  I couldn't help
but think what this man's awesome cock would have looked like if his
parents had left him the way God made him.  Even cut it was gorgeous.
Sticking my tongue out, I licked the underside of its head.  My taste
buds exploded with saltiness as his cock lurched at the touch.

Looking up quickly for any reaction, I hesitated for a moment.  Kozinski
continued in his deep slumber as if nothing was up.  Wetting my tongue
once again, I doused his cockhead well.  `Ski might have been asleep,
but it didn't take long for his manhood to react positively to the
sensations it was feeling.  Almost immediately the straight man's prick
hardened.  That's all the encouragement I needed.  As it boned up, his
heavy cock began crawling across his thigh until the head was in mid-
air.  Taking full advantage of that situation, I sucked his knob into my
mouth and bathed it in spit.  Even though I'd seen him fully hard more
than once I was still awestruck by the immensity it was growing too.  I
continued licking and suckling on his spongy knob.  As it stiffened, his
impressive cock stood stiff away from his body yet the weight of it kept
it at an angle that was very comfortable for me.  Eventually it was
stretching my mouth and I was struggling to get more of it in.  Quick
glances up confirmed that the strong man was still asleep.  At least I
thought so.

Suddenly Kozinski's body stiffened.  "What the hell?" he asked
sleepily, speaking for the first time.  I kept sucking, expecting the
worst.  I just knew that at any moment I'd feel a fist smashing into my
head.  I was truly braced for it, but there was no way I was going to
stop blowing him.

"Sean?"

"Um hum" I answered with a mouthful of monster meat.  I almost expected
him to push me off of him.  Instead, I felt a hand on my head
encouraging me to take more of it in.

"Ummmmm" he moaned as more of him slid past my lips.

I took that encouragement for just what it was, a man enjoying having
his cock sucked.  Moving up on the side of the bed, I was able to
position my head into a much more comfortable angle.  `Ski's cock
continued to grow in my mouth and hand as he continued to let me know
just how much he liked what he was feeling.  A few minutes went by as I
jockeyed around for better positioning, all the while bathing is massive
meat in saliva.  Reaching down, I rubbed his drooping balls with my palm
and gathered them into my hand.

"Goddamn, Sean!" he growled, "What a cocksucker!"  I responded with a
deep-throated groan as my mouth was full.  He started humping my mouth
while I picked up the tempo.  "Fuck yah!" he spat, pushing my head down
on his hardness.  I gagged.  He backed off.  Over the next several
minutes I let myself loose on that Grade A, prime specimen of manmeat.
Using all of my known skills, I worked his pud for all it was worth
until my jaws were so aching and sore I had to stop to rest.

Looking up at him, I said, "Sorry to intrude on you but I just had to
have it"

"No problem, Sean.  I know exactly what you mean"

"You don't mind?"

"Mind getting head like that?" he chuckled.  "Hell no!"

"Good, `cause I'm just about out of my mind horny---as you can tell" I
said as I motioned to his hard cock.

"Yah, I can tell" he laughed.  "Pretty fuckin' ballsy to come in here
and take advantage of me!"

"I couldn't help myself"

"No, I expect you couldn't.  How long has it been?" he asked.

"Nine weeks"

"Nine weeks?  You haven't had any for nine weeks?"

"No" I answered.

"You really miss him, don't you?" he whispered, running his hand over
my head.  I suddenly felt very sad again.

"More than you'll ever know, `Ski" I said meekly, dropping my head.

"Is it really that bad, Dude?"

I looked up at him from my on my knees position next to the bed.  "Oh,
fuck, `Ski!  It's so fucked up.  Every day I just wish it would stop
hurting!" I blurted out.

"Hey, hey!" he blurted, "None of that shit, huh?  C'mon up here" he
ordered as he slid over.  I crawled into bed next to him and lay my head
on the pillow where he directed me.  As if it was the most natural thing
to do, he wrapped his furred body around me.  His strong scent enveloped
me as I sunk into him.

"I just had to have some man-to-man contact, `Ski" I explained, my
voice cracking.

"Shhhhhh!" he soothed.  "No problem, little man.  What's up?"

"I haven't even been held by a man in so long, I've forgotten what it's
like.  Let alone getting laid"

"Hmmmmm.  Tell me about it.  That head is the first action Jackson has
seen in weeks too"

"Yah?"

"Yah.  Feels pretty good too"

"Yah, you feel pretty good yourself"

"Ah---yah---well, I'm sure I don't smell completely clean," he said,
lifting one of his arms and mocking a sniff of his pit.  Actually he
smelled just fine.  His male musk was strong and driving me crazy.

"Smells awesome to me" I told him truthfully.

"Yah?" he asked.  "You don't mind a little BO?"

"It's hot `Ski" I said, mashing myself harder against him.

"Yah?  You like that shit, huh?"

"You smell like a man.  You feel like a man.  And a man is exactly what
I need right now"

"And I fit the bill, huh?"

"Something like that.  I was fooling around for the first time in weeks
and nothing could satisfy me, so I came looking for a little action"

"Really?  Whaddya mean `fooling around'?" he teased.

"Taking care of my needs, `Ski" I answered.

"Jacking off and stuff, huh?" he asked.

"And stuff" I shot back.

"Oh!" he said with a bit of surprise in his voice.  "What might
`stuff' be?"

"I think you can use your imagination"

"You been playing with your butt, Sean?" he asked, sliding his hand
across my hard ass cheeks.

"Yah"

"Yah?" he asked, not waiting for an answer.  Instead his fingers probed
my crack where they slid around in the slick goo.  "Oh, fuck, Sean!" he
panted as he fingered my hole.  "Got yourself all hornied up, so you
come looking for Uncle `Ski to help you out.  Is that it?"

"Yah, Poleski.  I was hoping you'd put it to me" I said as he slid two
fingers in to the knuckles.  I was his.

"Goddamn, Stud!  What have you been doing to that hole to make it so
loose?" he queried as he played with my horny hole.

"I've got some toys" I replied.  He kept mining my guts.

"Yah?" he asked breathlessly, "What kind of toys"

"A couple of man sized dildos"

"Anything this size?" he asked as he slid his hard cock across my ass.

"Nothing that big, `Ski"

"Think you can take this pup again?" he asked as he slapped it against
my butt.

"Oh, fuck yah!"

"Yah?"

"I need it `Ski!" I moaned.

"You want it?" he teased as he slid it up and down my slippery valley.

"I gotta have it, `Ski!" I replied, rubbing my butt up and down his
shaft.

"You fuckin' slut, you" he chuckled.  "You really think you can take
it tonight?"

"If you're game, I'm gonna give it a good try" I said.

"You got me so fucking hot now, my dick's like a crowbar.  I just gotta
fuck something" he rasped.  I couldn't believe my fucking luck!

"You okay with this, `Ski"

"Yah.  A man's got needs you know" he said, pushing his knob at my
hole.

"Tell me about it"

"How do you want it?" he asked.  I moved away from him and got on my
knees.

"Get on your back," I instructed.  "I'm gonna have to sit on it."  He
quickly moved onto his back.

"Hold on a minute," I said.  "I need to go get some lube"

"I got some right here" he informed, reaching for the nightstand.
Holding his hard cock straight up, he poured slippery lube from the
bottle.  I straddled his legs and moved up towards him.  Taking a hold
of his cock, I was again amazed at how large it was.  I hovered over
him.  He reached down and fingered my gash.

"Oh, fuck!" he moaned as his fingers danced in and around my loose
hole.  I lowered myself until I felt the knob of his dick touch my
asslips.  Pushing down, I felt his knob breach my sphincter.  My
butthole was really gaping so there was very little discomfort.  Until I
pushed down further that is.  The straight man's cock was so huge, it
quickly stretched my hole to the max.  "That's it, man!" he purred as I
sat further down on his pole.  Slowly but surely I was able to take inch
after inch of his manhood.

When I got about three-quarters of the way down I had to stop because
I'd reached my threshold of discomfort.  The blunt end of his cock was
banging right up against that magic spot, clamped tightly shut deep
inside of me.  From that point I began slowly moving up and down on what
felt like a billy club in my butt.  Moving up and down and around on
that big fucking cock felt awesome, if not a bit uncomfortable.  But it
hurt so good!

In just a few minutes I was really moving on the furred man's bone.  It
didn't take too long before I was pushing down harder and harder and
relishing the "pain" of grinding that sweet spot against his knob.  It
was feeling better and better and I wanted to take all of the man so
bad.  He was looking and feeling so good to me at that moment.  Up on
his shaft I moved until the head of his prick was just inside of me.
Then down I moved, the girth of him mashing my prostate, forcing precum
to flow freely out of my growing hardness.  Finally pushing down as far
as I could go, my butthole flared open as I felt that inner sphincter
giving way to the man's hardness.  I've said it before, getting fucked
is mostly mental.  Especially with big fucking cocks.  If I'm not into
it, the fuck isn't good.  I was sure as hell into Ski that night.  At
one point I couldn't stop myself from keeping constant pressure on that
gate to my guts.  I wanted it all.  My heart soared and my entrails
relaxed.  In an instant I was aware that I was fully open to him.
Slowly and deliberately, I impaled myself all the way down on him until
I felt those copper colored wiries of his scratching against my gaping
asslips.

Sitting completely down on the man's bone, I was frozen in place from
the sensations.  Extreme pleasure wracked my body at the same time my
hole was warning me that the last gate of protection had been opened and
that I was completely vulnerable to whatever moves this man made on me.
THAT did it for me!  My cock, previously only half hard from the
impalement, roared to full erection.  I wiggled around on Ski's bone
like a butterfly on a pin. "Goddamn, Sean!" he whispered as guttural
groans emanated from deep inside me as I worked my innermost guts around
on his turgid tube.  Ski began moving his hips up, penetrating just a
fraction of an inch deeper each time.  Pushing out from inside, I made
my hole huge as my deepest flesh distended onto the big man's phallus.
Pushing me up a bit with his hands, he began fucking up into my being,
now completely centered in my butthole.

Seizing the moment, Ski took control.  "Let's get you on your back,
little man" he said.  Pulling me fully onto his rod, he moved us around
until he was on top of me.  I groaned.  "Whaddaya want, baby?" he
asked.

"Pillow---under---me" I grunted.  Ski quickly lifted me up, grabbed a
pillow and slid it under my ass.  I reached down and pulled my legs up,
giving the hard man complete access to my guts.  Leaning heavily on his
arms at my sides, his hips went into motion, driving his mammoth meat in
and out of me with amazing precision.  It felt so fucking awesome that
for the next several minutes I could only hold my breath and push out to
let his length and girth work my mancunt. Ski sawed into me like
nobody's business and I took every fucking inch he could pound into me.
For about 10 minutes, I gave it up to him like I'd only done for lovers.
I was the hole and he was the cock that each of us needed so badly at
that moment.  Sounds of flesh sliding into and against wet, slippery
flesh filled the room.  The wetness of my ass soaked his balls and
dripped down onto my lower back.

Faster and faster Ski pleasured himself inside of me until I could tell
he was getting close to nutting.  His tongue was hanging out of his
mouth, his breaths were coming shorter and shorter and I could no longer
feel his balls banging against my butt.  He was a man on a mission and
the mission was just about over.  The last few plunges he took into me
were incredibly deep.  As men do, he finally froze deep inside of me and
unloaded his ball batter in me.  For fear of cumming too soon I hadn't
touched my dick, throbbing hard against my belly.  The second I felt
that spreading warmth of Ski's cum in me though I grabbed my cock.  It
only took a few strokes before I too was spewing.  Seconds behind him in
his orgasm, my butthole immediately clamped tight against his rocketing
rod.  I could feel his spasms as my own jetted jizz onto my belly.  Ski
ground his girth in deep as his nut subsided, increasing the pleasure of
mine.

"Whew!" he finally said with a big smile on his face.  Leaving his bone
in me, he continued, "Fuck an A, Sean, you sure know how to put out!  "

"Just what I needed, Ski!"

"You can sure take a dickin'"

"It's what I was born to do" I explained as I moved my legs down.
"But right now I need that big fucking thing out of me"

"No problem" he said as he started to withdraw.  I quickly grabbed him
by the waist.

"Slowly!" I warned as I felt my guts being carried out by his knob.

"Ok!" he chuckled as he slowly withdrew all of his manhood from me.
When his knob popped free of me, my hole fluttered for a while as it
clamped shut.  Ski rolled over to the side.  I followed shortly by
rolling off the pillow and tossing it on the floor next to the bed.  I
flopped down on the bed next to him.

"Jesus, I don't think I'm going to be able to walk for days, Ski!" I
said, mostly out of nervous conversation.

"Oh, something tells me that you'll survive, you little slut!" he
teased.  Then there was an awkward silence.  It made me uneasy.  I
figured that Ski would want to be alone since he'd gotten off.

"Well, I guess I better go clean up and get some shut eye" I announced
as I made my way to the side of the bed.

"You don't have to go, you know" he announced.

Sitting up, I turned to look at him.  "No?" I asked.

"Nope" he stated emphatically, motioning to the spot next to him.
"You're welcome to stay"

"Sure?"

"Absolutely, Dude"

I relaxed a bit and lay down beside him.  With all the hot action, his
male scent was understandably stronger than before, drawing me near to
him.  As if it was the most natural thing in the world, Ski spooned
himself around me and held me close with his free arm.

"Goddamn, that was an awesome fuck!" he said pulling me closer to him.
I responded silently by pushing my butt harder against him.  I wasn't
exactly sure why he hadn't kicked me out of his bed as soon as he got
off.  I'd had that experience with "straight" guys before.  They're all
hot and bothered while the action is going on.  You can get a man with a
hardon to do shit they wouldn't ever think of doing.  Especially young
military guys.  But the minute they cum, it's all over.  The whole
guilt-for-what-they've-done scenario starts.  All I knew was that it
felt good to be in a man's arms again.  Ski sure felt good.  He was a
big, strong, furred man just like I liked `em.  Not the best looking man
in the world, but a man none-the-less.  I had to wonder how many times
he'd actually experienced similar closeness.  Who cared if he was
straight.  I had a buttful of his hetero hosings.  If I hadn't just been
thoroughly fucked, I would have had another hardon!  I was really sleepy
so it wasn't probably ten minutes later that I was sound asleep in his
arms.

I dreamed about Armando and me.  We'd just spent an awesome day out at
the beach and had come back to the apartment.  Nobody was there and we
spontaneously started making love on the Living Room floor.  He had me
on my back and was fucking me like there was no tomorrow.  Suddenly I
looked up and Smythe and some of his buddies were standing just inside
the front door.  They were yelling at us.  Kozinski came out from the
bedroom area with a shocked looked on his face.  Armando was telling him
that he was supposed to keep a lookout for us.  Ski was apologizing for
not doing so.  All the while Armando kept my legs in the air and he was
hard but still inside of me.  Ski took control of the situation and
moved toward the group at the door to hustle them out of the apartment.
Armando started fucking me again.  Smythe stood there with this
disgusted look on his face and kept calling us names while Ski was
pushing him toward the door.  One of his buddies though was very
interested in what we were doing.  He stood there watching.  The next
thing I knew, Armando was turning me over and pushing his cock into me.
Smythe's buddy moved around so that he could get a good look at the
action.  Ski was just standing there, playing with his dick and saying,
"It's hot, huh?"  Armando kept pushing his cock at my butthole.  It
felt so big.  It actually hurt.

That's when I woke up. The room was dark and strange to me.  I was on my
side and  Armando was holding my right leg in the air and jabbing his
big fucking cock into me.  I wanted him inside of me but he was just too
big.  I was confused.

"Oh, man, take it easy!" I said, pushing back on him.

"Sorry," came the reply.  It wasn't Armando's voice.  Suddenly
everything came back to me.

What had woken me was Ski's hard cock pressing insistently at my back
door.  No wonder it had hurt.  He backed off a little but didn't let up.
The man was determined to get some more ass.  And I wanted to take his
dick again, even if it was huge.  I relaxed my hole, pushed back against
his moves and his knob breached my butt.  There was a little bit of
pain, but it hurt so damned good.  I was wet from our earlier mating and
it didn't take long before those juices were making his entry a whole
lot easier.  A thousand things raced through my mind as he slowly
entered me there on my side.  The one thing that I felt the most was
that I really wanted to be taken by him again.  As I slowly moved onto
my belly, Ski followed with about 3 or 4 inches of his manhood in me.
Once I was prone, he moved up onto me and continued sinking his sausage
into my depths.  Oh, fuck it felt good!  My butt muscles were so relaxed
from our earlier fuck that he was able to spear deep into me with little
problem.  It was his tremendous girth that was uncomfortable.

"OH!  Fuck, Ski!" I grimaced.  "Back out a little buddy!"  The man
did just what he was told.  In drawing some of his cock out, he brought
some slick juice with him, making his reentry so much easier.  We worked
at it for a couple of minutes before I felt his heavy and drooping balls
on my butt cheeks.  The man's meat was a marvel in me.   Starting off
slowly, he pumped in and out of me, enjoying the slick friction our
union provided.  I pushed back against him, encouraging the man to have
his way with me.   At the time I didn't care if he split me wide open.
I just had to have all he could deliver.  The man had a mammoth slab of
dick meat and I was determined to take it all.

"AW, GAWD!" I moaned as he penetrated into that awesome fucking
pleasure pit deep within me.  He was deep!

"Like that shit, man?" he cooed in my ear.

"OH, YAH!" I groaned loudly as I fucked my ass up onto his rooting rod.

"Goddamn, Sean!  I'm in you to the balls already!"

"Fuckin' go for it!" I encouraged.

"You really want it, doncha?"

"Get me deep, Ski!" was all I needed to say.  Laying full on my back,
his hairy belly and chest against my back, the big man rooted in the
deepest depths of my rectum all the while fucking the most amazing
sounds out of me.

As you may know, getting dicked on my belly is not generally my favorite
postion.  However, if I move onto my belly voluntarily, my top is bound
to have a great ride.  At that moment I was craving cock in the worst
way.  I needed to be brutally boned and Ski was just the man for the
job.  He didn't disappoint either.  Free to fuck as he wished, Poleski
took the rare opportunity provided him and worked the hole he'd sunk his
monster in every conceivable way he could to garner the most pleasure
for himself.  That early morning fuck in his bed was probably the most
incredible of his young life.  Without concern for me, he fucked hard
and heavy for several minutes before he even hinted that he was getting
close to giving it up.

"Oh, I could fuck you forever!" he rasped between heavy breaths.

"Like that mancunt?" I was able to say as he fucked the breath out of
me.  Cum and lube and butt slime from our earlier fuck soaked the two of
us.  The fuck sounded wet.

"Fuckin' awesome cunt" he panted.  I was so wide open, the man could
really move freely in me.

"Fuck that manhole!"

"Goddamn, it feels good!" he whined as he really poured it on.

"Get your gun, Dude!" I prodded.

"OH, FUCK YAH!" he said louder.  The thought that he was going to jet
in me obviously excited him.

"Gonna cum in me?"

"YAH!" he answered, fucking faster and harder.

"Gonna get off in this man?"

"Fuckin' gonna cream your guts, Gyrene!"

"Yah!  You're gonna blow aren't you?"

"Yah!"

"Yah?  Wanna fuck this man?"

"YAH!"

"Fuck his ass"

"Oh, I'm fuckin' his ass!"

"You're fuckin' a man in the ass, aren't you?"

"Yah!  Fuckin' a man in the ass!"

"You're gettin' close, aren't you?"

"YAH!  GONNA CUM!"

"Give it to me, Stud!"

"OH, SO CLOSE------"

"Pump me full!"

"-------OH, NO!------"

"YAH!"

"OH!------FUCKIN' THERE!"

"HOSE ME!"

"AHHHHH!  FUCKIN' CUMMIN!"

"I CAN FEEL IT, MAN!" I screamed when I felt that first spurt jet into
me.

"TAKE MY CUM!  TAKE MY CUM!  TAKE MY CUM!" he yelled.  Holding me by
the shoulders he pushed my body down onto him, moving his battering ram
even deeper as he seeded me.

It took him several minutes to come down from the extremity of that cum.
As he did, he was super-attentive to me.  Lying on my back he ran his
hands all over me and was planting kisses on the back of my neck.  Not
long after he'd stopped involuntarily jabbing into me, he reached under
me and wrapped a slippery hand around my cock.  I knew right then and
there that we'd crossed a line.  He'd fucked most of the hardon out of
me but it didn't take long to bone up.  At that moment the scents and
sensations all ganged up on me.  Almost instantly, I raced to within a
few seconds of getting off.  Ski squeezed my cock with his callused hand
and got me off big time.  I shot all over his hand and the sheets under
us as his baseball bat filled my ass.

And that's the position we stayed in when it was all over.  Both of us
were sweaty, slippery, smelly and exhausted.  And we couldn't have cared
less.  We fell asleep with him still inside of me and his hand wrapped
around my dick.  As I drifted off, there was no question in my mind
that, as long as there wasn't a woman in his life, I could have Ski just
about any time I wanted.  And I did.


I'm always happy to hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Wed, 3 Oct 2001 19:14:01 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 11

A Few Good Men 11:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Separation


Note:  The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 10, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1,
precedes the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all
contain sex between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of
sex between consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to
clear up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men
series is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to
protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best
memories I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in
the very early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't
practice safe sex because it was the very beginning of the health crisis
and safe sex with condoms didn't really come into play until like the
mid 80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly
military guys back then and, luckily, am still negative all these years
later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.
I just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your
comments.  Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to
this and all the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.




I'd be lying to you if I said I hadn't a little more than curious as to
what had made Armando go off-duty early.   He'd rushed off before I
could really talk with him, so I didn't have a clue was to what he was
up to.   When I'd arrived home and saw how upset he was I immediately
thought that there had been a death or accident in his family.  Never in
a million years did I expect that one of us would be transferred out of
CamPen.  It hit me like a ton of bricks.

"You're shipping out?" The disbelief was apparent in my voice.  He just
nodded.  I felt a little sick at that moment.  "You're shipping out?" I
repeated needlessly.  He nodded.  "When?"

"Soon" was all he said.  Immediately I started to withdraw.  Before I
even began to bolt out of the room, Armando sensed it and gripped
tighter on me.  Ignoring the gesture, I tried to wrestle from his grip.
"Don't" he pleaded.  He held on to me until I stopped fighting him.  I
then stood motionless in defeat.  When he relaxed his grip, I again
started to bolt but he was too quick.  It was clear he wasn't going to
let me get away.  We stood in silence for a little while.

"How soon?" I asked dejectedly.

"30 days" he deadpanned.

"Where you going?" I asked numbly.

"La Juene" he answered, referring to Camp La Juene, North Carolina.

"Fuckin' La Juene?" I repeated, raising my voice.  "Jesus, Mando,
that's clear across the fucking country!"

"I know, Mijo" he soothed.

"Oh, man!  This is too fucked up!" I belted.  Visions of Primer and me
splitting up not too long before started racing through my mind.  That's
all it took for me to set me off.  "I can't handle this again" I
muttered, jumping out of his grip and away from him.

"Handle what?" Armando was puzzled.

"I can't handle another fucking Jarhead leaving me" I stated as I
walked out of the room.  He was right on my heels.

"I'm not leaving you!" he called after me, raising his voice.

Spinning around I faced him and spat angrily, "Then what the fuck do
you call it?"  My youth was showing.

"It's a transfer"

"Whatever.  You're still leaving" I replied, turning away from him once
again.  He grabbed me and I struggled with him to get away.  The tension
was high.

"Don't walk away from me," he said quietly as he strong-armed me into
an embrace.  I fought him off but he was stronger than I was.  He held
on tightly until I again gave up what really wasn't a fight.  I really
didn't want to get away from him.

"Why not?" I asked icily.  "You're walking away from me"

"Goddamn it, Sean," he begged in a shaken voice, "don't do this!"

"No, you don't do this!"

"It's not what I want, Mijo.  It's not what I want" he repeated with
resignation.  I knew full well that he didn't want to go.  If there was
one thing I was sure of at that time in my young life, it was that
Sergeant Armando Contreras was all mine.

"What the fuck are we going to do?"

"I dunno, little Man," he answered.  "But whatever we do, we're gonna
do together"

There really were very few options given the situation.  When you're in
Uncle Sam's service you do what Uncle Sam wants.  It was highly unlikely
that I could just march in a request a transfer to La Juene as well.
Not only was it unlikely that such a request would be granted, it could
draw attention to both of us.  Though it wouldn't make two shits to me
today, in that day and age, neither of us wanted that.  So, like good
fucking Gyrenes, we bucked up under the pain and dealt with it.  We had
about 30 days before Armando was to ship out, so we decided to make the
most of it.  And make the most of it we did.  Every second that we
weren't at work we were together.  It seems we did everything we'd ever
talked about doing.  We went to San Diego for the weekend and stayed
with Jeff and John.  We went to Hollywood for the weekend and stayed
with our friends there.  And we made love day and night.  Even though we
initially agreed not to make long term plans beyond his transfer, we
spoke of our future together after the Corps.  I was in for 2 more years
and he for a little longer.  Those last 30 days were wonderful but they
went by in a fucking nanosecond.  Before we knew it his departure was
imminent.

I awoke at 05:00 hours that last morning with Armando spooned into my
backside. As in so many other nights, the man I loved had molded his
body into mine and was holding me tight. It was if we were one body.
Geez, even our breathing was in sync.  All of the lovemaking over the
past several hours came rushing back into my memory.  I could feel that
my hole was wonderfully swollen and relaxed.  It made me want to give
myself to him all over again.  I pushed back into him and when I did I
discovered that I had an overwhelming need to piss.  I lay there for
just a minute before I attempted to slide out of his grip.  Attempted is
the operative word.  When he felt me move, his grip intensified.

"Don't go, Mijo" he whispered.

"I'll be right back, `Mando" I answered, using a little force to slide
out of his grip.  He let me go.  I took a long leak before making my way
back to bed.  My butt was soaked with the slick of our fucks just a
couple of hours before.  The wetness made my hard buns slide together
when I walked.  It felt good.

"Stop right there, Stud" he commanded from the bed when I was halfway
to the bed.

"Huh?" I questioned, stopping in my tracks.

"Do you have any idea just how beautiful you are to me?" he asked in a
hoarse whisper.  It made me smile.  "Yah!  Like that!  Oh fuck, Sean!
Just stand there and stay like that.  I want to remember you just like
that"

With those words I was reminded of the impending doom that lie before us
in just a few hours.  I stood there staring at the man I'd shared my
life with and bared my entire soul to for nearly a year.  Lying there
wrapped in those plaid sheets, he was a vision of all that is good and
decent.  He saw the look in my eyes and opened his arms to me.  Without
thinking, I stepped closer and we melded together once again.

My Sergeant enveloped me.  Our mouths met, instantly involving us in an
intense and erotic open-mouthed kiss.  His hands were everywhere at once
as mine were on him.  The calluses on his palms ignited passion in me as
they abraded the surface of my skin.  Clawing at one another, we
wrestled around the bed even as we kissed passionately.  With the covers
thrown off, the sheet-covered mattress became our mat.  With increasing
force, we pushed and prodded one another, always stopping to suck on
that exposed armpit, lick that straining neck or bite that aroused
nipple.   Being the larger and stronger of the two of us, my Sergeant
made sure that several times we were face to face where our hardened
manhoods dueled slickly against one another.  Once he had me on my back,
he used his upper body strength to hold my hands to the mattress above
my head.

Though I tried to free myself, he had the advantage with his position.
The more I fought to free my hands and arms the harder he held them
tight.  At the same time he swooped down and chewed on my hardened tits,
driving me out of my mind.  All the while he continued to kick my legs
further and further apart until I had to lift them to avoid pain.  With
force he pushed and pushed against me until my knees were lying close to
my chest.  My fuckhole was completely exposed to his moves.

"C'mon, Mijo," he cooed as he slid his shaft along the slippery valley
of my asscrack, "Give it up to me."  My hole flared at the thought of
him mounting me once more.

"Oh, Mando" I hissed as his cocksnout sniffed out the center of my
being.  In an instant he was at my backdoor.

"Yah, baby?  You wanna give it up to me?"

"Oh, gawd, Mando!"

"What, Mijo?"

"I want you!"

"You want me what?"

"I want you inside of me!"

"Oh, fuck yah!" he chortled as his spear jabbed at my gaping gash.
"Fuckin' open that hole, Stud!" he said just before he pounced on my
open mouth with his own.  I can't ever remember wanting Armando more
than I did at that very moment.  Instinctively, I relaxed my sphincter
and his knob immediately fell into place.  He pulled his head back and
looked me in the eye.  Then the man pushed his hips forward, guiding his
manpole into me.  The spongy knob slid easily past the outer sphincter
allowing him to move just inside of me.  Both of our eyes widened with
the sensation and anticipation of what was to come.  He pushed in a
little bit more.

"Let me in, baby!" he commanded as he withdrew slightly.  "Make it wet
for me!"  I pushed with my butt muscles, opening my guts to his moves.
I felt a slick of cum and lube and butt juice ooze out of me, soaking
his shaft and sliding down across my asscheeks.  "That's it, Mijo!  Oh,
fuck, you're so fucking wet!"  With that the entire length of him sank
inside of me.

Slowly but surely, he started pumping his chorizo in and out of me.  The
gurgling, wet sounds that filled the room as his bone worked my sloppy
hole were music to my ears.  I reached down and held my legs up and open
as I pushed down on his cock with my internal muscles.  Several inches
of my fucktunnel distended onto the sweetest, most awesome mantool I'd
ever taken.

"Oh, buddy!" he groaned.  "I gotta crawl into this" was all he said.
With that, he pulled my left leg down while pushing on my right.  In a
moment I was on my belly and he was balls deep into the beginning of the
most intense fuck of our relationship.

Not much was said between us.  Not much needed to be.  My Sergeant
kicked my legs far apart and pushed his lance as deep inside of me as he
could.  As he chewed on my neck, my hole opened huge while I bucked my
butt back onto him in an erotic act of submission.  I was so open that I
could feel his balls sliding against my swollen and distended asslips.
With my asshole gaping obscenely, his pubic hair was soaked with our
fuck.  Their roughness scratched against my very sensitive inner flesh.
Time and time again, Armando dove into my depths with the force of a man
on a mission.  Wrapping his arms around me he held me tight as he used
and abused my entrails as his own.

I gave myself completely to my Sergeant that fateful morning.  Time
stood still for the two of us as intertwined as one being.  I'd been
full of cock so many times in the hours before that, that I'd long
before given up muscle control of my hole.  Thus, Mando fucked deeper
than he'd ever done before and touched me in places that he and I had
never been.  It was a balls ballet.  We glided effortlessly from one
mind blowing position to the other.  On my belly, he sank his teeth in
my neck as he pounded into me.  On my side he held one leg up as he
sawed his log into me.  Hovering over him on my haunches, he diddled me
deep.  We fucked for so long that I began to grow weary.  Realizing
this, Armando pulled a pillow onto the mattress and guided me on my back
on top of it.

Pushing my legs to my chest once again, he speared into me like a pro.
The pillow brought me up to just the right height for maximum
penetration at an angle I can only describe at nirvana.  For the next
several minutes I lay breathless as my man pounded his pud into me at
lightening speed.  At that angle, his prick slid past rather than mashed
my prostate, causing me to bone up very, very hard.  We'd fucked for so
long that the room was beginning to lighten with the dawn.  Never had
Sergeant Armando Contreras looked so unbelievably attractive to me as he
did that morning as he rammed me full of manbone, 9 glorious inches at a
time.  At first he'd been on his knees, with his hips driving his donkey
dick in and out of me.  After many minutes of that, he'd too grown
weary.  I clawed at his hairy butt, driving his cock deeper inside of
me.

"You're really ready for me now, huh?" he asked.  I could only answer
by gurgling from my throat.  I wanted to be impaled by him.  I wanted
his already substantial cock to grow enormous and gore me in the guts.

Pushing himself into a push-up position he pistoned into my hole like a
maniac.  Ramming me deep and hard he'd jam his jizzbone in to the balls,
taking time periodically to wrench it back and forth to maximize that
precious friction he so desired.  The sensation was unbelievable to me.
There wasn't a single pang of pain as my man brutally bred me.  Every
single moment of our loud fuck was sheer fucking bliss to me.  Reaching
up, I held his face in my hands as our mouths slammed together in a
desperate and sloppy kiss.  His sweat and saliva poured freely from his
body and I received it.  Our union that morning was unlike any we'd ever
experienced.  We knew that it might be the very last time we made love
and therefore we each gave our all to one another.  I gave my soul to
Sergeant Armando Contreras that morning.  And took from him his own.

The pace of our fuck heightened to a point where it felt so good, so
complete and so natural that it was nearly unbearable.  It was magic.
It was surreal.  It was tantric.  And it was so much about us.  Staring
into the big, brown eyes of that Puerto Rican god I'd come to love so
much, I allowed myself to surrender so totally and completely to him
that I nearly passed out from hyperventilation.  Every movement inside
of me felt so complete ecstatic that my hardon flopped around on my
belly like a fish out of water.  I can't explain the sensations gliding
through my body.  Like a millions volts of electricity zapping through
me, Armando was arousing me like never before.  My cock felt as if it
was being jacked off from the inside.  And that's exactly what was
happening.  The longer my Sergeant fucked into me, the closer he brought
me to the brink of orgasm.  I didn't dare touch my cock, nor did I
really want to.  It felt that good.  My body started shaking as I began
to give into the incredible orgasm my man was obviously bringing me to.

"UNNNNHHHH!  UNNNNHHHHHH!" I groaned as I felt strange sensations
shooting up the backs of my legs from my knees to my hole.  Then it
started in my chest.  It was as if my entire body was sparking from all
over to the very center of my hole.  Armando slowed the furious pace of
his fuck, realizing something was definitely happening to me.  The
slower yet regular penetrations into me only served to heighten the
sensations.  I had no idea what was overtaking me, yet I was powerless
to stop whatever my Mando had started.  My arms and legs started to
shake.  Clinging to my man, I felt my entire hole start to spasm.
Sparks were flying around my body, igniting my hole, which had now
started to contract.  From deep inside of me, my mancunt began gripping
and releasing the hard bone embedded within.

"O-H    M-Y    G-O-D!" I wailed, "W-H-A-T-`S    H-A-P-P-E-N-I-N-G
T-O   M-E ? ? ?" I wailed as incredible sensations from very strong
contractions in my butt-guts began to over take me.  Armando stopped
pumping, leaving himself buried to the balls.

"I'm here, Mijo!" he called out as I clawed his back and butt like a
madman.

"M-A-N-D-O ! !" I called out to him.  "I-T-S    T-O-O    G-O-O-D ! !"

"Let it go, baby!  Let it go!" he cheered.

"AHHHHHHHHH!   UNNNNNHHHHHHHH!    AHHHHHHHHHH!" I yelled as the entire
length of my fuck channel spasmed into the most incredible contractions
I'd ever experienced.  All of my senses were centered in and around my
ass.   Each rapid contraction in succession was an amazing array of
sensations.  My super sensitive asslips were sucking the shaft and balls
of my Sergeant.  The super wet walls of my fleshy mancunt alternately
gripped and released his hard and throbbing shaft.  My second sphincter
lay gaping open and its inner sanctum undulated around his bulbous knob.
The contractions continued beyond that into the deepest depths of my
being.  For me the sensations were unlike any I'd ever known.  I was
frozen in place and hoping that they'd both stop/never stop at the same
time.  Armando, on the other hand was frozen balls deep into what was
surely the most amazing sucking organ he'd ever sunk his stick into.

I couldn't help but think that it was all like a hundred orgasms all
rolled into one.  Except it was different.  It wasn't at all about my
dick.  What I experienced at dawn that day was a tremendous ass orgasm
that few men will ever know.  I have no idea how long it lasted, for I
was powerless to move as it overtook me.  All I is that the sounds it
forced out of me were not of this world.  When it was finally over, I
was absolutely exhausted yet unbelievably horny to get my dick off.

The entire episode had brought Armando very close to cumming.  Once the
contractions slowed, he instinctively drove his dagger in and out of me
with absolute precision.  In an instant he brought me with seconds of
spewing.  The man's eyes glazed over as he put it to me.  Fucking hard
and deep he drove himself towards a sensational orgasm.  I felt his
balls snap tight against his shaft.  He fucked furiously for those last
few seconds before he inevitably unloaded.  As he did, the most amazing
thing happened.  Suddenly and unexpectedly, he brought me off.  Without
even touching myself, I reached a dick climax.

"OH, FUCK, SIR!  "I'M CUMMING!" I yelled as my balls rocketed volley
after volley of thick batter out between us.  Armando had displayed his
amazing stamina for an incredible amount of time.  My outburst set him
off.  When he felt the heat of my jizz on his belly, he collapsed on top
of me and hosed me full of his leche.  It wasn't the first orgasm of the
night for either of us, but it was absolutely the most intense.  I felt
that familiar heat inside of my gut that told me that my lover had once
again seeded me.  For the next few minutes we lay in one another's arms,
breathing as if we'd just sprinted 400 meters.  Suddenly there was a
loud knock on the door.

"Hey, guys!  We don't have much time!" Kozinski cautioned.  I looked at
the clock.  06:15 hours!  Shit!  We had to leave shortly if we were
going to get Armando to Norton AFB in time.  It was at least a 2 hour
drive there and his plane was due to leave at 09:00.

Without even thinking about it, the two of us sprang out of bed and got
into action.  I hit the shower while Armando loaded up the last of his
gear he hadn't put in the truck the night before.  He hurried into the
shower when I got out while I made some coffee.  In a blur we rushed
about the place while Kozinski sat calmly---and wisely---out of our way
on the sofa.  Before we knew it the three of us were on the road in
Armando's truck, which he was leaving behind for me to use.

Armando sped down the freeway that gray mid-summer morning toward what
we'd dreaded since getting the bad news of his transfer.  None of us
said a word for nearly the entire ride.  As we neared Norton, Armando
nervously held my hand.  He shifted nervously in his seat.

"You know I'm gonna call you," he said needlessly.

"Yah, sure.  I know," I responded stupidly.

When we reached the parking lot, Armando found a parking spot pretty
close to the terminal building.  "Give us a minute alone, ok `Ski?"
Armando asked.

Kozinski jumped out of the truck right away.  "You don't have much
time," he noted, looking at his watch.  He was right.  There wasn't too
much time before the plane was scheduled to take off.  This was a good
thing actually, because we wouldn't have too much time to hang around
the terminal.  We both looked at one another but neither of us knew what
to say, so we hugged before exiting the truck.  Again silently, we all
carried  Armando's stuff into the building.  He checked in while `Ski
and I found a place to sit.

The place was full of Gyrenes and other military personnel all getting
ready to go somewhere.  There were families and wives and girlfriends
everywhere saying goodbye to their servicemen.  I watched Armando
standing in line to check in.  He shifted from one foot to another.  I
could tell he was nervous because I knew him well.  While I watched him
from across the room, I reflected on the awesome times he and I had had.
It had been nearly a year since I first laid eyes on Sergeant Armando
Contreras, USMC and a lot had happened between us.  I couldn't remember
ever loving anybody more than I did Armando.  I remember thinking how
angry I was at Uncle Sam for taking him away from me.  This was about a
hundred times worse than when Primer moved away.  Sergeant Contreras was
going to be 3,000 miles and 3 time zones from me on a completely
different coast.  And he was taking my fucking heart with him.  I sat
there wondering if we'd be able to handle the separation.

Armando sat down with `Ski and I until his flight was called.  Stiffly,
he stood and gathered his carryon.  "Well, `Ski, this is it, bud!" he
said cheerfully, offering his hand.

"It's been great, Contreras" `Ski replied, shaking Armando's hand.
Very briefly the two of them came together and hugged for a  quick
second like close straight guys do.  Quickly, Kozinski turned away
leaving Armando and I alone.  Once again, he shifted from one foot to
another.  All around us were people saying goodbye.  Some of them were
crying.  I'd been doing pretty good bucking up against the tide of
emotion raging within me.  When Armando turned toward me however, and I
saw his eyes full of tears I fucking lost it.  There was no pretense of
a handshake between us.  We'd traveled too far to do that.
Instinctively, we moved toward one another and hugged.

"I'm gonna miss you, Mijo" he whispered, his voice cracking.  I tried
to answer but I found that I couldn't speak.  I just squeezed him
harder.  As hard as I tried I couldn't stop the tears from flowing.  I
felt like such a fucking wuss.  The two of us stood there with a grip on
one another that wouldn't quit.  Neither of us wanted to be the one to
break it off.  When I heard him choke up, I'm afraid I started sobbing a
bit.  "It's gonna be ok.  You'll see"

"Um, guys!" Kozinski broke in quietly, signaling that we'd long
exceeded the acceptable length of time a hug should happen between two
men.  I think he was embarrassed.

We embraced for another few seconds before Armando whispered, "I love
you, Sean" in my ear. With that, we separated.  He looked me in the eye
and smiled.  My Sergeant looked so goddamned handsome standing there.

"I---love---you, Mando" I eeked out.  Armando closed his eyes,
squeezing tears out which ran down his cheeks.  Like the man he was, he
quickly wiped them off before turning and walking away without a word.
He strode confidently toward the gate, never looking back.  I know it
was his way of dealing with the situation, but the vision of the
backside of him walking away from me is still etched in my mind today.

Without saying a word, I walked past Kozinski and toward the parking
lot.  As hard as I tried, I was losing the battle of the emotions.  I
got angry with myself as the tears flowed freely.  It pissed me off that
I was unable to control myself.  I'm over it now, but way back then I
was all caught up in that whole "men don't cry" bullshit.  Once I
reached the truck, I quickly climbed in the passenger side and closed
the door.  `Ski was right on my heels and crawled in behind the wheel.

"Look, Sean----"

"---Just drive `Ski, ok?" I asked tersely.  He fired up the engine and
we drove off.  I never looked back at the building where I'd left my
Armando.  For a big and tough U.S. fucking Marine, I broke down and had
a damned good cry as we headed back home.  Kozinski never said a word
but he did reach across and grip my shoulder a couple times in a show of
support.

"I had no idea," he said softly about 30 minutes into the drive,
referring to how strong the bond between Armando and I was.

"Whaddya mean you had no idea?" I barked back.

"I just didn't know that-----um-----" he stammered, "----well, that
two guys----um------"

"What?" I asked incredulously.  "That two fags could actually love one
another?"

He chuckled nervously and blushed.  "Well, yah" he replied, looking
straight ahead at the road.

"What did you think was going on between us over the past several
months, `Ski?"

"I dunno.  Let's just forget about it" he said embarrassed.  "Forget I
said anything"

"No, I don't think so, `Ski," I continued, a bit angry at him, "I
think you need a little lesson here"

"Aw, c'mon Sean!" he shot back with exasperation.  He was shifting in
his seat nervously.  "I think I've been real cool about you guys.  I
just don't know all that goes on between you"

"You think that just because we're gay that it's just sex, right?"

"Aw, man!  That's exactly why I don't wanna talk about this.  Let's
just forget it, huh?"

"No way" I plowed on.  "You think that just because we're two guys
that we can't fall in love?"

"I dunno, man.  I just never thought about it"

"Well, let me tell you something `Ski" I continued, getting a little
more upset, "This is real shit here.  Armando and I are both fucked up
in love and we're both hurtin' big time.  This whole transfer is
fucked!"

"I can see that, Sean," he said, reaching across to grip my shoulder
again.  "I can see that.  It just never dawned on me that you guys were
really in love," he said earnestly, looking me in the eye.

"Haven't you ever been in love?" I asked.  He merely shook his head.
"Aw, c'mon, `Ski!  You've never been in love before?"

"No!" he said flatly.  I could see that it wasn't his favorite subject.
So much so that I decided not to pursue it further.  My guess was that
things weren't as hot and heavy between he and Gail as we had thought.
That was a shame, because she was a nice girl.  I gained some insight
into my buddy Kozinski at that moment.  I realized that not only had he
never had the opportunity to love but that no woman had probably ever
loved him.  As I said before, the guy wasn't the best looking man in the
world.  But once you got to know him, he had a great sense of humor.
For a straight guy that is.  He had an amazing body too.  In fact, the
guy was built like a brick shithouse.  And that fucking cock of his!
The guy was hung like a goddamned mule.  Any guy blessed with a body and
a cock like him should be strutting around like a proud peacock no
matter what his face looked like.  Not Kozinski though.  He carried
himself very sheepishly.  I realized that he'd lived his entire life
scarred from the "Poleski" reputation he'd gotten when he was a kid in
school.

Not much was said the rest of the way back to our apartment.  I was
doing a lot of soul searching and I was certain that Kozinski had a lot
on his mind as well.  When we got back home we both went our separate
ways.  All I wanted to do was sleep, so I hit the sack and took a nap.
When I woke up later, I heard Kozinski puttering about.  It felt weird
to be in the apartment knowing that he was my only roommate now.  I
remember thinking how odd that was.  We really didn't even know one
another.  While Armando was around and our common link, I don't think I
ever thought about it.  However, with Armando gone it just struck me as
very odd that we were now roommates.

When I got up I had to piss like a race horse so I headed for the
bathroom.  As I was relieving myself I spotted a pair of Armando's
boxers lying on the floor next to the shower.  Instantly, I was flooded
with a whole bunch of different feelings.  First and foremost, it turned
me on that a pair of my man's funky drawers were left behind.  He hadn't
put anything on under a pair of shorts after his shower the night before
so I knew these were the boxers he'd worn the day before.  We'd sweated
up a storm all day working around the house so I knew they'd be full of
Armando's essence.  Just the thought of that made my dick start to
swell, even as I was pissing.  Next I grinned at the memory of that
first time I'd been in his room and seen the pair of his worn boxers on
top of a heap of dirty clothes.  Not only did I sniff `em on the spot,
but I'd actually stolen them and taken them home with me.  I'd taken
full advantage of the situation and sniffed every bit of the manscent
out of them.  How fucking kinky, huh?  I scooped up the drawers and
stashed them for another time when I was more in the mood for all the
possibilities they beheld.

Even though we spoke on the phone every morning and night, I was
absolutely fucking miserable for days after Armando left. Kozinski made
himself scarce at Gail's house and that was just as well because I was a
real pain in the ass to be around.  Days turned into over a week and I
hadn't seen hide nor hair of Kozinski except to maybe cross paths in the
hall once or twice.  As weird as those times were, something good
actually did come out of it.  Kozinski and Gail seemed to be developing
into a long- term thing.   Apparently, the roommate she shared her one-
bedroom apartment with had come home from working out of town.
Therefore Ski and Gail began spending a decent amount of time at our
place.  I got to know her a little better actually enjoyed her company.
It was kind of nice to see Kozinski involved with a woman that wasn't a
whore.  I couldn't help but think good thoughts for them, though I
thought frequently about how much she might be enjoying that huge cock
of his.  I could hear them fucking and just knew that he was doing her
right.  The lucky bitch!

Throughout all of that, Ski remained a pretty tried and true buddy to
me.  The man was pretty easy to read and when they started hanging out
at the apartment more I could tell something was up.  Sure enough, he
told me that they were talking about moving in together.  I began to
realize that I was either going to have to move back into quarters on
base or find some roommates.  Neither of those two options appealed to
me.  I just didn't know what my future held.  Like anybody does, huh?  I
know that now but you couldn't have told me that way back then.  Jesus,
I was such a kid.


I'm always happy to hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Wed, 3 Oct 2001 19:13:04 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 10

A Few Good Men 10:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Exclusivity


Note:  The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 9, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1,
precedes the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all
contain sex between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of
sex between consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to
clear up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men
series is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to
protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best
memories I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in
the very early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't
practice safe sex because it was the very beginning of the health crisis
and safe sex with condoms didn't really come into play until like the
mid 80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly
military guys back then and, luckily, am still negative all these years
later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.
I just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your
comments.  Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to
this and all the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.




For a few days after that fateful night when we got caught fucking by
Kozinski we walked on eggshells around him.  We weren't exactly sure how
he'd react to all of those goings on.  When it became apparent that he
was cool with it all and us as a couple, Armando and I calmed down a
bit. Armando and I grew closer and closer in those few weeks following
the "big bust".  Kozinski could see it and left us alone.  He was
actually a help to us. He figured out what was going on with us and
understood that a new couple needed lots of private time.  He actually
kept watch for us.  It allowed us to make love a lot more often at home
at times when we normally wouldn't have chanced it.  He'd keep an ear
out for Smythe and if he heard him he'd alert us.  That only happened
once but that might have been once that Smythe busted us if not for
Kozinski.  Who knew he was going to be that cool?

Armando and I quickly developed into an exclusive relationship.  Not
that either one of us were fucking around with other guys.  The closer
we grew, the harder it was for us to spend all the time together that we
wanted to.  We started talking about getting our own apartment.  I had a
little money stashed away but Armando felt he owed the other guys to
find somebody to replace him in the apartment he shared with them.  As
luck would have it, just about the time we were finalizing plans to move
in together, opportunity knocked in a big way.  Smythe announced one day
that he'd be shipping out almost immediately.  Contreras and I
approached Kozinski about rooming together and he was very receptive to
it.  In fact, he offered to give us the Master Bedroom and move into the
second bedroom himself.  So, in a matter of a couple weeks, the three of
us were all resettled into the apartment.

Life was really good for us.  Kozinski gave us lots of privacy and we
were free to be who we were when we were at home.  We'd grown very close
over the months that we'd known one another, but living together took
all that to a new and exciting level.  Armando was absolutely crazy in
love with me and, although I didn't know how to fully appreciate that,
he taught me how to love unconditionally.  I was used to the attentions
of men.  Hell, it seems they all wanted to fuck me since like I was 14
or so.  But Armando was different.  Oh sure, he fucked me good.  The guy
was amazing in the sack.  With him it was more than that however.  He
didn't just fuck.  From day one, he made love to me.  There's a huge
difference, even in man-to-man sex.  Armando was a very patient and
understanding lover.  He put up with my impetuous and impatient youth.
After all, I was only 20 at the time.  He was like 28 and definitely the
grounding force in our relationship.

Within several weeks of living day in and day out with him, I was
hopelessly in love with the man.  It didn't happen overnight.  Instead,
it happened gradually over time.  I'd always had strong feelings for the
guy, but I learned that they had been centered in the sexual aspect of
our relationship.  I came to that realization after the "hots" between
us had died down a bit---as it does in every relationship.  You know how
it is.  You get to that point where you don't have to fuck every night
because you're together and there's always tomorrow.  That comfort
feeling you have when you're coupled.

As strong as the feelings in my gut were for Armando before, they took
on a new and potent urgency when I realized that I was in love with him
and not the awesome sex we shared.  I began to see him in a new light.
I started noticing things about him that I had never seen before.
Everything about him amazed and excited me.  He interacted with people
in such a friendly manner that everybody liked him.  He was so organized
and neat.  Most of all, he was an incredibly generous person.

All of these realizations caused a profound change in me.  I found that
I no longer viewed making love as taking dick from my man Armando.
Instead, I started making love to Armando.  I gave him my heart and my
soul.  Once I did all that, making love took on a whole new dimension.
Physically, making love was easier.  As I became more giving there was
little or no "getting used to it" time when we'd fuck.  I found that I
was able to surrender myself to my man almost immediately.  Within
seconds of penetration, Armando was able to slide past that second
sphincter deep inside of me, hugely enhancing our lovemaking.  No easy
feat mind you, given that the man is hung a true 9 inches.  Because the
physical side of fucking became much easier, the emotional and erotic
sides grew more intense.  It became all about giving to one another.

I remember one time in particular when all of these changes in and
between us really became apparent.  We'd had a tough week at work.  It
seemed like every vehicle in the fleet had broken down.  It had been a
long and grueling week.  We'd not spent much time together other than
sleeping, eating and working.  We hadn't made love in days.  That
Saturday we spent the day doing chores around the house, changing oil in
the truck, washing it and grocery shopping.  At the end of the day I was
pretty grimy so I hopped in the shower where I rinsed myself inside and
out.  The way the fabric caressed my cock, balls and butt when I slipped
on a fresh pair of briefs reminded me of how long it had been since
Armando had taken me.

While he took a shower, I threw something on the BBQ.  I had a beer
while I was preparing dinner and had another one half gone when I set
the food on the table.  Because I hadn't eaten much all day, I was
feeling the effects of the alcohol.  It only made me hornier than I
already was.  I could hardly even look at Armando without getting a
hardon.  Kozinski had joined us for dinner before heading out on a pussy
hunt so I forced myself to be good.  I was cleaning up in the kitchen
when he came in to say good night.

"Thanks for dinner, Sean"

"No problem, Ski" I answered.  "Have a good time tonight"

"I hope to"

"Hope you get some" I joked only half-heartedly.  I knew the guy hadn't
been laid in weeks.  I actually felt sorry for him.

"I sure need it," he rasped with his voice trailing off.  Because I was
loading the dishwasher, I couldn't see him but I could hear the
horniness in his voice.  "Damn, Dude, don't bend over like that, I
might just spear ya!"

Turning to look at him, I saw that he was cupping his dick with his
hand.  "Yah, well Armando might have something to say `bout that!" I
kidded him.  It was a little weird because it was the first time since
he busted us and nailed me that I'd seen that look in his eye.  "You
better go out and take care of that" I continued, not encouraging him.
I have to admit that a quick flash of that hot scene getting fucked by
him went through my mind though.  Just for a second though.

"Yah, I think I will" he agreed.  "Thanks again and I'll see you guys
in the morning"

"Or, with any luck, maybe not!" Armando interjected as he walked into
the room.  The three of us laughed.

"'Night, guys" Kozinski said as he made his way to the door.

"'Night" we answered in unison.

He wasn't ten steps outside the door before Armando was wrapped around
my backside.  "God, I've missed this," he whispered in my ear as he
drew me close.

"I've been hoping we'd get some alone time tonight," I added.
Instantly I was aroused.

"The night is ours" he continued, licking and chewing on my ear.

"Damn, Mando!" I cooed, "this feels so right, so good"

"Mijo, I can't tell you how much I love you," he soothed as he rocked
us back and forth.

All this emotion was jumping around in my chest at that moment.  My
chest swelled with pride, my heart lunged, there was queasiness in the
pit of my stomach, my dick tingled and my butthole flared.  All at once
I was ready to give it up to him.  I was so damned young and didn't
understand what the hell was happening to me.  All I knew is that it
felt good and I ached to be with the man wrapped around me.  Spinning
around in his arms, I faced him.  His big fucking brown eyes had always
turned me on and he mentioned my baby blues more that a few times.  We
just stood there staring at one another for a moment before our lips
parted and crushed together.  Right there in the middle of our kitchen,
Armando and I sucked face and unleashed the lust that had been pent up
from days of abstinence.  With the power known only when two strong
males go at each other, we began our mating.

With tremendous strength the larger man engulfed me.  His hands and
mouth were everywhere on me at once.  Concentrating heavily on my ears
and neck, the man played my erogenous zones like a musical instrument.
In doing so he caused me to thrash about in his grip, all the while
grabbing onto him and gluing myself to him.  Tearing at one another as
he slowly led us into the Living Room, we began stripping our shirts off
one another.  That first bare chested embrace inflamed what was already
a fevered pitch of man rut.  With tremendous force, two of Uncle Sam's
finest carried their coital carnage to the next level.  My cock was rock
hard and I could feel Armando's sticking straight up in his pants.  As
usual, it eventually worked its way over the top of the waistband of his
jeans.  I knew this because I felt the fleshy wetness of it on my belly
as we engulfed one another's tongues in a face to face embrace.

Recognizing the familiar heat of my man's lance, I reached down and
smeared the slick flowing out of him all over the super sensitive head,
now unsheathed and laying naked to the world.  Armando's knees buckled
as I worked the exposed nerve endings on the underside of his uncut
bone.  The intense sensations he was feeling slowed down his attack on
me as he gave into the pleasure.  The heady scent of his natural cock
filled my nostrils and, at once, I wanted to be penetrated by his
manhood in every possible manner.  It was all I could think of.  In my
mouth or in the depths of my ass, I was consumed by the desire to
pleasure his prick.

With his grip on me loosened, I was able to slide down the front of him.
While sucking on his hairy pecs and chewing on his hardened nipples, I
undid the buttons of his 501s.  Lowering myself even further meant that
I was able to lave his rippled and fur covered abs while sliding his
jeans over his slim hips.  Down I went towards his waist while I pushed
his pants down his super hairy thighs and past his knees.  Letting his
jutting jizz bone slide past my face, my tongue abruptly ran into the
waistband of his boxers.  When I looked down I could see that his boner
was sticking through the fly and that it would take some maneuvering to
set it completely free.  Leaning down, I pushed his jeans onto his
ankles and held on to the denim as he stepped out of them.  I looked up
and saw a vision of the man I loved, clad only in a pair of baggy boxers
and fully aroused.  From any angle the guys looked awesome but from my
particular angle from the floor, he looked phenomenal.    Tall, dark,
muscled, hirsute and ungodly handsome.  On my knees, I wrapped my arms
around him below his waist and crushed my face against the front of him
where his fly gaped open from the girth of the pole of flesh jutting
upward.  Breathing in deeply, all the masculine scents emanating from
him were like an aphrodisiac to me.  Even though he had taken a shower
less than an hour before, the sweet aroma of mansweat and balls
permeated the cotton fabric.

Holding on to him I rubbed my bare chest across his hairy legs as I
licked up the steely shaft that was throbbing to the beat of his heart.
Several inches up, I encountered a line of nut nectar that had oozed
down to greet me.  The unmistakable slipperiness and saltiness of his
spill flowed onto my tongue.  Like a starving man, I swirled my tongue
higher and higher all around the turgid tube so that I not miss a single
drop.  Drawing his foreskin over his knob, I forced even more of his
dick honey out.  When I reached the top, I looked up at him to find him
staring down at me with a soulful yet lustful look in his eyes.  Never
breaking the eye contract, I engulfed his manhood in the warm and wet
cavern of my mouth.  His eyes closed and he exhaled deeply as I slid the
tip of my tongue down into his foreskin and went mining for the
treasures that awaited me there.  Deeper and deeper into his skin sock I
went, allowing that tangy and overtly masculine flavor of a natural man
to wash across my tongue, exploding on the millions of taste buds there.
Shucking back and exposing his skin completely to my moves, I washed it
thoroughly of any of his leavings.  Armando reacted in kind by gripping
on my head and moving me slower on his most sensitive organ.


"Ay, Mijo!" he whispered as I slurped up and down the full length of
his rod.  His knees were alternately buckling and locking, so I knew I
had to get him in a sitting position soon.  Gently I pushed him
backwards, all the while bobbing on his knob.  Guiding him towards the
sofa, I pushed the coffee table out of the way.  When I had him in the
position I wanted, I released his hardness and quickly pulled the
waistband of his boxers up so that he head of his dick would slip
through the fly hole.  Because of the substantial length of him, in
doing so I was pulling the fabric tight across his butt and up into his
crack.  When I fished his cock through the hole, I immediately slid his
shorts down his legs and pushed him into a sitting position on the sofa.
He looked so fucking sexy sitting there, his dark and hairy body
sprawled over the neutral colored sofa and his boxers bunched at his
ankles.  Lifting his feet, I pulled them off and slid in between his
legs as I once again guided his gun into my gullet.

Lost in the exquisite tastes and sensations of him, I pleasured him in
every possible way.  Time stood still as I worship that which I desired
most from him.  I learned early on that Armando loved getting head.
Almost as much as he loved fucking ass.  Over the months we'd been
together, I'd learned and perfected the art of deep throating his
massive muscle.  With lots of practice I'd rid myself of any gagging
while going down deep on my man.  It had been several days since we'd
had sex so I was especially horny and attentive to him as I treated him
to the sensations of my throat muscles swallowing him whole.  I'd work
him deep in my throat for a while, then come up for air and suck on just
the business end before swooping down on his balls and sucking them into
my wet cavern, only to go back and ram his knob past my uvula again.
Goddamn, I love to suck cock!

I have no idea how long I fellated my man that night.  All I know is
that the sounds coming out of him and the extreme hardness of him
confirmed that he was completely lost in cocksuckee heaven and I was so
fine with that.  Wild horses couldn't have dragged me off Mando's meat
that night.  I wanted to suck him forever.  Hell, I needed to.  Mindful
of my man's pleasure, I worked the entire length of him with the same
care and precision he showed when he balled me.  Once I got going there
was an unspoken agreement between us that said neither one of us wanted
to stop until I'd sucked the very life seed out of him.  I wanted it and
so did he, so he lay back and reveled in the sensations of the world
class blow job he was receiving.  On my knees in front of that sofa I
worked my Sergeant's stud stick like I never had before.  While one hand
was busy stroking his bone as I fucked my face with it, the other was
slowly rolling his man rocks around

To paraphrase a term, all great things must come to an end.  By the way
Armando was twitching about, I could tell I was propelling him towards
cumming.  Again, unspoken communication between us said that that was
just fine.  We were taking things as they came that night.  Not hurrying
into anything, but not preventing the inevitable either.  Giving him all
of my attentions and talent, I worked my man hard.  He deserved a mind-
blowing orgasm and I was determined to deliver it to him.  As his balls
drew up tighter and tighter, his breathing became heavier and heavier.
On and off the full length of him, I deep throated his butt buster until
he started shaking and moaning that he was going to cum.

"Fuck, Mijo!" he panted.  "I'm gonna cum!"

"Ummmmmmmmmmm" was all I cold say with his bone buried in my gullet.

"Oh, fuck!  It's coming.  It's coming," he warned as his legs started
stiffening.  His balls had all but disappeared against his stiff and
swollen shaft.  I sped up my moves.  When his breathing stopped
indicating he was about to jet, I plunged my lips down into his short
and curlies, reached up and grabbed his tits and squeezed hard.

"ARRRRRRGGGGHHHHHH!" he roared as I yanked his nipples.  Gripping my
head he forced me to stay all the way down on the length of him as he
started pumping a week's load of ball beer right into my esophagus.  He
roared loudly each time he shot his spooge.  Wanting to savor the flavor
of his sauce I used just about every bit of strength I could muster to
pull up and catch several spurts of it on my tongue.  Feeling the
viscous and nutty scrotum sauce filling my mouth, I fucking near creamed
my own jeans on the spot.  My cock raged hard inside my soaked briefs.
I'd unbuttoned my fly but hadn't paid a bit of attention to my own bone
the entire time I'd worked Armando's.  That whole scene hadn't been
about me and my cock though.  It was all about my Sergeant and his
pleasure.  I had a high degree of comfort knowing that my time would
come later.  I continued to work his weenie and milk every last drop of
his cum onto my tongue.

Like many guys, Armando couldn't stand much action on his Jackson after
he'd cum.  It was ok if he was buried to the balls in my butt, because
he had control on how much action his howitzer saw then.  But having his
knob laid naked and vulnerable to a swirling tongue just proved too much
for him.  In a short time, he pulled my mouth off of his over sensitive
cock.  Laying his head against the cushions, he relaxed completely.

"Get naked and come here to me, Mijo," he invited as he pulled his feet
up and lay back on the sofa.  In a single motion I shucked my pants and
briefs.  Stepping out of them, I moved toward him on the sofa.  Noticing
my angry hardon, he reached down and gripped it.  Pulling me on top of
him, he slowly stroked my hardness.  "Oh, Baby Blue!  That's some
fucking boner you've got there"

"Uh huh" I moaned as I snuggled against his furred body.

"Daddy's gonna take care of that for you tonight you know" he purred as
he moved his hand up and down on my bone.

"I know, Sir"

"Would you like that, Lance Corporal"

"Sir, yes Sir" I whispered huskily.  His touch was driving me crazy.

"Give me a couple of minutes to recover from that awesome fucking blow
job, Stud," he said as he released my meat and wrapped his arms around
me, "and I'll show you just how much I need you."  I lay silently on
top of him and listened to his breathing in my ear for I don't know how
long.  He was totally relaxed, causing me to do the same.  It felt so
good to be laying there on and wrapped in the arms of my hirsute hunk.
As relaxed and good as I felt, my hardon never died.  It just throbbed
there between us against his furred belly.

After several minutes, he began planting soft kisses on my face and
neck.  That led to a few pecks on the lips which finally led to slow and
deep open-mouthed kisses that aroused the two of us.  It didn't take
long for Armando's proud prick to rise to the occasion between us.  As
we sucked face, I ground my bone against his and thanked God that I'm a
man who loves men.

Without saying anything, he moved us up and off the sofa where he led me
to the bed we shared.  Instinctively, I lay down on my back and welcomed
him on top of me.  Slowly and soulfully we kissed.  Moving in between my
legs, he kicked them apart and ground his turgid tube against my own.
Unhurriedly, but with purpose, the man took control of me.  Starting on
my neck he bit and sucked until I was alternately pushing him away and
giving in to his advances.  From my neck he moved onto my chest where he
busied his tongue and mouth with licking, sucking and biting my nipples
which drove me crazy. The whole time he was working the upper regions of
my torso, one of his hands is fondling my balls and dipping his fingers
into my asscrack.

Jesus, the guy was a master at tearing me up!  Groping me, nipping at
me, sucking me neck, caressing my balls, fingering my hole and more and
more.  He just kept it up.  Licking down my sides drove me to the brink.
I'm pretty ticklish and it took every bit of will power to not buck him
off of me.  He just kept licking and sucking on my flesh lower and lower
until he neared my groin.  Belying the time since I'd last been laid, my
bone was as hard as steel.  From his motions, I had expected him to suck
it but he didn't.  Bypassing it on purpose, he instead laved my balls
with warm spit.  All the while his tongue took me to heaven one hand was
squeezing my nipples, drawing me nearer and nearer to going out of my
mind.  Suddenly sitting up on his haunches, he pulled my feet into the
air.  The next thing I knew, my toes were sinfully deep in the hot and
wet recesses of his mouth.  God, that felt good!  He then kept sliding
his tongue across the sole of my foot and up onto and around my ankle
and then onto my arch.  Despite the fact that it tickled, I had long
since surrendered to his moves.  Fuck if I wasn't powerless to Sergeant
Armando Contreras!

>From my feet, the man alternately licked up my legs until he reached
that sensitive skin on the underside of one of my knees.  After working
that for a while he ran his tongue along the inside of my thigh, around
and over my balls, up the other thigh until he reached the backside of
the other knee which he consumed in a flurry of licking and sucking.  My
fucking butthole was puckering closed and open like crazy.  When Armando
had finished with my legs he tongued closer and closer to my most
private spot by alternating from one side to the other of the ticklish
flesh of the inside of my thighs.  When he reached my balls, he licked
and sucked up along where my steely shaft jutted obscenely from my body.
Soaking my pubes in spit, he softly fingered my mangash.  Ever so
slowly, he moved his tongue closer and closer to that spot between my
balls and my asshole.  The fucker swirled his tongue all around there as
I lay thrashing my head about on the pillow in ecstasy.  At an
excruciatingly slow pace, my Sarge teased me unmercifully by licking in
wide circles around my hole and closing in on it.  Leaving it to me to
hold my legs in the air, he busied his hands by dancing his fingers
through the sparse hair that hugged my hole and then across my now
gaping asslips.  It seemed like an eternity, but eventually I felt the
awesome heat and wetness of the tip of his tongue on my pucker.  All I
could think of was giving it up to the man.

What started as a little tongue across the butthole action quickly
escalated into an all out ass eating.  Armando pushed my cheeks apart
and ate my hole ravenously.  Spearing his tongue into me, he relaxed my
hole until he was able to freely explore my inner flesh.  Flipping on
his back, he begged me to sit on his face.  On my haunches, I lowered my
butt onto the man's face and let him feast freely on my fanny.  Looser
and looser I got as the minutes wore on.  I was feeling these awesome
sensations as I was able to push more and more of my butthole out and
expose more of my inner flesh to the expert moves of his tongue.  He
must have eaten my butt for like a half an hour.  I just couldn't stand
it any longer.  I had to have him inside of me.

"Fuck me, Mando!" I begged as I lay down on my back.

"Yah?  You want it?" he asked, his voice thick with arousal.

"Like never before, Man" I replied truthfully.

He reached up onto the nightstand and grabbed the small bottle of lube
there.  Pushing the rounded top past my first sphincter was no problem.
In a hot second I felt the cool goo being pushed inside of me.  In a
flash he was down on my dick, sucking it into the depths of his mouth.
My butthole clamped down tight with that sensation, squishing the lube
deep deeper inside of me.  No sooner had he done that then he pounced on
top of me again and kissed me deeply while pumping his man jammer
against my groin.  On my neck, in my ears, on my tits, his tongue was
everywhere.  For the next several minutes he poked and prodded at me
while sucking on me all over until I was like a Mexican jumping bean on
the bed.  All the while I had my legs wrapped around his waist as I
tried to push my hot and horny hole against him.

While working me heavy, he pushed his cock between my legs and sought
out the gate to my guts. His manhood slid up and down my asscrack in
ever shortening strokes, gaining ground on my hole with every second
that passed.  As he sat up on his haunches I pulled my legs back,
exposing my slippery manslash to his moves.  In my young life, I'd
learned that showing my hole to my man before he stuck me was a turn on
to me and him both.  Armando was no exception.  He looked down and saw
the brown and pink flesh that he was soon going to sink his manhood
into.

"Fuck!" he rasped as he stroked his gun.  "Daddy's gonna dick you,
Mijo"

"Oh, fuck yah!" I yelled.  "Do me deep and hard"

"Is that how you want it, Baby Blue?" he teased as he rubbed the snout
of his stiffy on my hole.

"Yah!" I confirmed.

"Good!" he said as he pushed just the head inside of me suddenly.  My
eyes bugged out in surprise.  It didn't really hurt, it just surprised
me.  "Like that?" he asked, holding still.

"More!" I pleaded.  He pushed another 2 or 3 inches in me with one
lunge.  Damn, it hurt so fucking good!

"Gonna take Daddy's dick, aren't you?" he asked as he kept up the
pressure.  Slowly he was sinking further and further into my being.

"YAH!" was all I could say.

"You want this man's dick?" he asked as he pulled it nearly all the way
out and then pushed it in even further than before.  No pain.  Just pure
pleasure.  I didn't care anyway.  He could have torn me a new asshole
and I wouldn't have cared.  I just needed to be fucked by the larger and
stronger man.  He kept jabbing at me.  "C'mon!  That's it.  Take this
man's dick"

"Unggghhhh" I moaned as his girth stretched me to the limit.

"Yah, that's it.  This man's gonna fuck his big dick right into your
guts" he growled as he pushed another inch into me.  "C'mon.  Take it
like a man"

Out of fear of pain, I pushed back on his hips a bit.  "Easy, baby"

"Aw, c'mon!  Is it hurting?" he asked.  I shook my head.  "Goddamned
right it doesn't hurt.  This man knows how to fuck his boy.  Open up and
take him inside" I pushed out on his cock with my guts.  A little more
of him slid into me.  "That's it.  Open that fucking hole" he said with
constant pressure.  His nasty talk got to me.  My butthole relaxed and
fully 3 inches of him slid further into me.  I hadn't even had time to
recover from that when he pulled all the way out and slide effortlessly
right back into the depth he was in before.

"AHHHHHHHHH!" I groaned contentedly.  He pushed a little more.
"Fuckin' spear me, Mando" I begged.  He jammed another inch in me.
"OHHHHHHH!" I moaned with pleasure.  Liking that, he pushed more into
me.  When he reached that inner door to my guts he just kept banging
away at it with short strokes.  In no time the hung man had broken
through and was mashing his short curlies against my slippery asslips.
He'd impaled me in record time.

Pulling my legs up, he placed my ankles on his shoulders.  Right away he
started sawing into me.  The entire length of my mancunt was alive as he
made his moves in me.  "Gonna fuck you off tonight, Mijo!" he said,
picking up the pace.

What followed was a balls-to-the-wall fuck in every imaginable position.
On my back, on my side, at the edge of the bed with him standing, on my
belly, sitting on it, on all fours.  You name the position, he fucked me
into it.  Nothing about it was gentle and I just couldn't get enough.
He stuck me like a man and made me take it like a man.  Like the Grunt
that I was.  I knew that even if I wanted him to, he'd never stop.  He
was going to fuck me until I gave it up.  The thought of that made
something snap in my head.  Because getting fucked is mostly mental,
that just made our fuck even more awesome.  In no time he was wrenching
his bone around in my butt while his balls were smashed between us.  The
man was clearly taking me to new heights.

Frankly, I was just a fucking whore.  I gobbled up all of Armando's cock
and took every brutal pump he could ram into me.  After about 30 minutes
I lay on my back with a pillow under my butt and let the man loose in
me.  I can't remember being fucked so hard and so fast as he lay into me
that night.  I was a wide open fuck tunnel to his monster meat and took
pleasure in taking all he could give me.  In that position however, I
knew he was going to fuck me off.  All the stars aligned that night into
an absolutely mind blowing fuck.  His hard cock was raking over my
swollen butt nut.  At the same time his furred belly was rubbing over
the super sensitive flesh of the underside of my cock at the same time
his bulbous knob was rutting in that pit of pleasure on the far side of
my second sphincter.  I gripped on tightly to him while he drove it home
and me closer and closer to getting off.

"FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!" I yelled as he pushed me closer to cumming.  I had
no idea if he was close or not.  All I knew what that he was inside of
me deeper than ever before and it felt so fucking good that I didn't
want it to stop.  All I was at that moment was a hot and wet hole taking
my man's dick.  Dick and hole.  That's all I could think of.  The
sensations in my entire groin area were almost too much to handle.  It
was an indescribable feeling as he filled me rapidly with 9 proud inches
of chorizo at a time only to withdraw and ram it home once again.
Suddenly, that magic spot inside of me was so fucking sensitive that
Armando's moves set me off.  Clawing at his butt I pulled him as deep
inside of me as I could.  Deep.  Wet.  Cock.  Butt.  Balls.  Mansmells.
The sensations and thoughts of all of them combined on me and set me
off.

I felt that familiar feeling of my prostate swelling up larger and
harder as his cock rubbed along it.  My legs started shaking.  From deep
within me my orgasm started and I just remember thinking that I was
fucking-A glad to be a man.  As my man put it to me I lost all
consciousness and gave into what was assuredly a body orgasm along with
jetting me Jarhead jizz.  Fuck, what a fucking cum!  He fucked animal
sounds out of me as he rammed it home while I unloaded a week's worth of
semen.  All I remember is hearing Armando blow as I was coming down.
While I drained my balls, he pumped me full of another load of his ball
beer.  I don't know if I've ever been happier to be a man who takes it
in the ass.

After I cooled down I was fucking exhausted and wasted no time in
falling asleep.  The last thing I remember was Armando cleaning us up
with a warm and wet towel before wrapping himself around me from behind.
I was in such a post coital fog that I don't even remember saying
goodnight or the light going out.  My ass was kicked and I was fully
contented in the arms of my man.

The next morning when I got up to make coffee, I noticed that Kozinski's
bedroom door was open and his bed hadn't been slept in.  "Hey, Poleski
got lucky" I called to Armando in the head.

"Yah?" he called back.

"Yup," I confirmed.  "He hasn't been home"

"Good for him"

Around noon, `Ski dragged himself in with a smile on his face.  I was
paying some bills at the kitchen table when he came in.  He nodded to me
as he crossed the room for a beer.  I teased him about being out all
night but he just kept on grinning.  He told us he'd met a nurse named
Gail and that they'd spent the night together. Apparently she had no
problem taking his massive cock so they spent the whole night fucking.

Over the next few weeks `Ski spent a lot of time at Gail's house, which
gave Armando and I plenty of time alone together.  That was really cool.
When we finally met her, I liked her instantly.  Not the best looking
girl in the world, her body was as fantastic as Kozinski's.  They were
well suited for one another.  With the two of us sharing a king sized
bed, it didn't take Gail long to figure out what was going on with
Armando and I.  She actually broke the ice by telling us that her
brother and his lover lived in San Diego.  A few weeks later they came
up for a visit.  On Friday night the 6 of us went out to dinner but Gail
and Ski begged off for a little alone time for Saturday night.  That
left Jeff and John with us.  The 4 of us went out that night and had a
great time.  Before they left on Sunday, they invited Armando and I to
their place for the weekend. At the end of the weekend Armando and I
talked about how it was really great to be around another gay people---
and especially another couple---and how we should get back up to
Hollywood to see the guys we'd met there on Gay Pride weekend.

In many ways those times were the best of my life.  I had very few bills
and no worries and a hot Latin lover with the patience of Job to teach
me about life.  I loved my job and slept in the arms of my man every
night.  We explored different things both at home and away nearly every
weekend.  It was a dream come true.  Boy, if I could go back to those
days...

I said Armando was patient with me and he was.  Rarely did he ever get
angry.  Once in a while he'd set me straight on something, but generally
nothing more than a stern talking to was needed.  He had 8 years of
maturity on me and, as you know, those years in your twenties are chock
full of learning experiences.  So, I hardly ever saw Armando in a bad
mood.  Once in a blue moon when he'd talk to his family and something
was up he'd be quiet for a while.  I'd learned that he was best left
alone during those spells.  But generally he was always smiling and in a
good mood.  That's why I was so surprised one day when he just took off
from work without saying anything to me.  The guys in the office said he
was pissed off.  Because they knew we were "roommates" they asked if I
knew what was up.  I tried to act nonchalant and just shrugged.  Truth
is, it drove me crazy for the rest of the day.

I hitched a ride home with one of the guys.  Armando's truck was in the
driveway when I got there.  I was really curious to see what had pissed
him off.  The front door was closed, which was a little unusual.  Except
when it was cold, it was always open to let the air circulate in through
the screen door.  Not only was it closed, but it was locked too, which
was very weird.  When I stepped into the apartment, Armando was sitting
on the sofa.  I quickly noticed 3 beer bottles on the coffee table.  I
had never seen him drink much during the day.

"Hey, Mijo" he said weakly, looking up at me.  He was definitely upset.
I could see it in his eyes.

"Hey" I said moving toward him.  "What's up, Sir?"  He never
answered.  He just stared at me with those big fucking brown eyes.  They
were very sad.  As I got closer I could see that they were full of
tears.  Fuck!  This man was all Latino and 100% macho.  He didn't cry
for shit.  Something was seriously wrong.  I got this sick feeling in
the pit of my stomach.  Never-the-less, I rapidly closed the distance
between us.  As I reached him, he looked down and tears spilled onto his
cheeks.

"Oh, Man!" was all he said as he embraced me.  I wasn't at all certain
what was going on.  He sobbed a bit as he held me tight.

"What's wrong Mando?  What's wrong?" I begged him.  He stayed silent
for a long time.  Finally he took a deep breath and spoke.

"It's so fucked up," he sobbed again.

"What's fucked up?" I asked.

"Everything" is all he said.  He wouldn't let go of me.

"Tell me what's wrong, Mando.  Let's fix it," I said, trying a little
optimism.  I was really scared though.

"It can't be fixed, Mijo" he said with despair.  Standing there in
front of the sofa he was hugging me tight.  I'd never heard him sound so
defeated.  He was freaking me out big time.

Pushing back from his embrace so that I could look him in the eye, I
demanded, "Mando, tell me what's wrong!"  He just motioned to the
coffee table.  I glanced down and instantly recognized the paperwork
there.  Transfer orders!

"NOOOOOOOOOO!" was all I could say.  We both gripped tightly to one
another.  Armando was being transferred out of CamPen!


I'm always happy to hear thoughts on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sat, 19 Aug 2000 10:42:47 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 9

A Few Good Men 9:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Compromised

Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 8, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1, precedes
the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all contain sex
between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between
consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men series
is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to protect
the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories I have
of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very early 80s
when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe sex
because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex with
condoms didn't really come into play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm
lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys back then and,
luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Armando and I tried to be together as much as possible.  It was easy to
actually hang out together, because we'd become best buds before anything
had happened sexually.  The hard part was finding good quality time
together in private.  About the only time we had for sex was when Kozinski
and Smyth were out on a pussy hunting expedition. The only problem with
that was that we were never sure if and when they'd come home.  So we were
always very, very careful when we got it on at their place.  It was really
our only choice.  Spending money on a motel room every time we wanted to
fuck was just not affordable.  Besides, the roommates were out often so,
with a little precaution, we could do what we wanted to.

Things between us grew better and better as the weeks went by.  It was cool
that we'd gotten to know one another before hopping in the sack.  It made
the whole sexual exploration of our relationship all that much hotter.  It
didn't take long to figure out that the two of us were totally suited for
one another.  I mean, Mando absolutely did it for me.  And it didn't take a
rocket scientist to figure out that I did the same for him.

I remember one week especially well.  The two of us hadn't been able to get
together very often over the 10 days prior and were horny as hell.
Kozinski and Smyth announced on Wednesday that were on their way to
Hollywood again and wanted us to go.  We made up some bullshit excuse of
why we couldn't go and they bought it hook, line and sinker.  For the next
two days neither one of us slept very much because of the anticipation of
having the place to ourselves all weekend long.  When Friday night rolled
around we headed for their apartment and found the place deserted of
roommates.

That weekend was amazing.  Armando and I hardly left the apartment.  Shit,
we hardly dressed either.  All night Friday night we made love.  That
spilled over into an awesome Saturday afternoon session and nap.  After a
quick dinner out, we spent Saturday night playing hide the chorizo again.
Sleeping in on Sunday was great, but we got up and straightened the place
up early, never really knowing what time those guys would be home.  As it
was, when we got horny in the late afternoon on Sunday, we couldn't do
anything about it because we were so nervous that they'd return early and
catch us in the act.  Not that we'd suffered any lack of sex the previous
36 hours!

The same opportunity to have the apartment to our selves came up again two
weeks after that.  Once again, the two pussy hounds announced midweek that
they were going to Hollywood again.  Seems they'd met some ladies up there
and were looking forward to getting their weenies wet.  Though they never
officially invited us to go, Armando thought quickly on his feet and told
them we had plans.  I could hardly believe our great fortune.

Friday night came finally and the two of us loaded up with groceries and
beer at the supermarket and made tracks to his digs.  The two roommates
were long gone and so we settled into a comfortable life together readily,
if only for the weekend.

After dinner, one thing led to another and before I knew it we were in the
sack tearing up the sheets.  Earlier we'd had a great 69 session.  I'd
started sucking Mando's cock even before we'd put the groceries away.  He'd
tried to fight me off, but he wasn't very convincing that he didn't want a
blow-job just then.  What started with me on my knees in the kitchen
capitulated into a suck-fest in the bedroom.

I slurped on his jizz bone for at least 10 minutes before I let him in my
pants.  The whole time I'd been mining under his foreskin with my tongue
he'd been pawing at me.  I was too fucking hot to let him go down on me so
soon.  I knew if I did that, I'd cum way too soon.  So I proceeded to bob
on Sergeant Contreras' manhood for several minutes.  The scent of his
crotch and balls were an aphrodisiac to me.  It spurred me on to new
cocksucking heights.  Over the course of the past several weeks, I'd
learned exactly how to deep throat the man.  Fondling his balls, I plunged
my throat down onto his bulbous knob, coming up only for air.

Finally, he tore at my shorts and pulled my pants down far enough to free
my aching hardon.  Pulling me on top of him, he gobbled up my own manhood
like the sex starved Stud that he was.  It didn't take long for us to get
into unison in our mutual skin flute playing.  Mirroring one another's
moves, we sucked to our heart's delight.  I loved the smooth texture of
Mando's cock.  My tongue slid over it, slicked by saliva.  There was
nothing like the taste and feel of pulling back his foreskin and licking
the super sensitive head like a lollypop.  My Sergeant loved it as much as
I loved doing it.

Finally we worked ourselves into a fracas that we were unable to stop.
Armando was on his back fucking my face for all it was worth while he
pulled me down burying my bone in his gullet.  All the while we played with
one another's balls.  Damn, there's nothing like the feel of a man's balls.
After that he started fingering my asshole which only served to make me
hotter.  Thus, I polished his knob with even more gusto.  We were in a face
fuck frenzy to beat all.

Suddenly, he pulled off my dick.  In a flurry of action he pushed me onto
my back, spun around himself before he jumped on top of me.  Laying there
in that ever-famous missionary position, we sucked face like no tomorrow.
All the while our hard and slippery cocks dueled between us, I raised my
legs to give my man access to what I knew he wanted most.  There were no
words spoken between us.  In a flash, Mando had retrieved the lube, pulled
the rounded top open, pushed it gently into my hole and squeezed amounts of
the cool goo, slicking my fucktunnel for the heavy action that was to come.

Instinctively, his cock sniffed out my gaping gash and filled my mancunt
effortlessly.  Once again, my Sergeant was in the saddle of his beloved
Lance Corporal.  Those first few moments when two men are joined together
will never cease to amaze me.  It was no different then.  As his glorious
gigantor gored into me, it seated itself in my flesh.  I pulled him deep
into me as he situated a pillow under my ass.  Slowly and deliberately, he
fucked into me with his sword.  Almost from the moment he breached my butt,
that second sphincter opened deep inside, welcoming his lance into that
awesome pleasure pit.  It had been so many days since he'd taken me, making
the pleasure of it all even more intense.  My hole was open and distended
within minutes of the start of our fuck.  Each time he moved his cock back
out of my depths, it dragged
 with it the inner flesh that clung so tightly to its turgid shaft.  >From
time to time, when he'd nearly withdrawn his fuckstick completely, Mando
would hesitate for a moment and look into my eyes.  My heart would surge
and my hole would gape open even more for him.  That's when he'd slowly
slide it's full length inside of me, sliding effortlessly over my swollen
butt-nut, through my fuck flesh, past my second sphincter and into that
inner sanctum that gave us both so much pleasure.

That night, our fuck took on a new dimension.  Neither one of us could get
enough of the other.  Sarge lay on me, gripping me tightly as I clawed
desperately at his back.  While his tongue danced with mine, his howitzer
made heat in me.  We were so in tuned with one another at that very moment.
Both of us needed more penetration.  Stepping off the bed, Contreras lifted
my ass up and dragged me to the edge.  Pushing my legs up to my chest only
served to bring my hole up further where he could impale me with
perfection.  I lay there in awe as his fat chorizo slid in and out of me
with amazing precision.  Over and over again, he fucked me closer and
closer to getting my nut.  As hot as it was, we both knew that there was no
way either of us could last much longer.  We'd been fucking for about 25
minutes already and orgasms were imminent.  Mando was a man on a mission.
He was fucking my hole furiously, well on his way to getting his gun.  I
was right behind him.  Moments before he got off, I looked up at him to see
his face screwed up in a pain/pleasure grimace that told me that he was
seconds away from coating my guts with his spew.  It was a look I hadn't
seen from him before.  However, that is not what shocked me at that moment.

Behind him, almost completely out of vision I saw movement of some kind!
Looking up at Mando I could see that his eyes were shut.  He had a tight
grip on my legs to hold my hole on his rooting rod.  He was down to the
short strokes and his orgasm had already started when I saw the movement
again.  I strained my neck to look around Mando.  I got the shock of my
fucking life.  Kozinski standing in the doorway!  My first reaction was to
get away from Armando.  Unfortunately, I couldn't have gotten away from him
if I wanted to.  He was just starting to jet his jizz into my guts when I
opened my mouth to warn him.  Recognizing that, Kozinski motioned for me to
remain quiet.  My Sarge was lost in his world of cumming.

Holding me tightly, he filled my butt with shot after shot of his ball
cream.  I was fucking scared.  The look of horror on my face was
unmistakable.  I couldn't understand why Kozinski was just standing there
after busting us so badly.  He looked at me.  There was a look of calm in
his eyes.  But there was another look that I didn't recognize immediately.
It didn't take long to figure it out, however.  When he moved further into
the room, I saw that he was naked and that he had his had wrapped around
the biggest fucking cock I'd ever seen in my life.  The look I'd seen was
lust.  The man was staring at us and jacking off at the same time.  I was
nervous, yet it was apparent he wasn't going to freak out on us.

Armando was blissfully oblivious to what was going on and the unspoken
communication flashing between Kozinski and myself.  Part of that
communication was that neither one of us was going to interrupt what was
obviously a ball busting cum for Armando.  That all too familiar glow of
warmth spread through the inner depths of my butt as my man finished
filling me.  I relaxed a bit as his grip on me lessened.  He fucked me
righteously and earned a deserved orgasm.  When his eyes opened he looked
into mine.  Instantly he recognized a look uncharacteristic of a man who'd
just been bred.  A look of puzzlement came over him.

"We've got company, Mando" I calmly explained.  It only took a nanosecond
for that to register.  Immediately he turned his head and saw Kozinski.

"SKI!" he said in shock and horror.  "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HOME?"  It was
clear that the fact that Kozinski was standing there butt-naked hadn't even
registered.  In a panic, Armando reeled backwards and ripped his still hard
manhood out of my butt.  His hands were still holding my legs in the air
though.  Kozinski's eyes zeroed in on my suddenly empty orifice.  I could
feel it gaping and oozing butt slime and cum.

"Oh, I think I'm the one that needs to know what you guys are doing!" he
said with a smart-ass look on his face.

"Fuck, Ski!  What's up?" he stuttered.  He was ashen.  Kozinski laughed.

"Looks like plenty's up, Contreras!" he answered motioning quickly toward
three hard in the room.  Mine, of course, was rapidly deflating, as was
Armando's.

"I---I---I thought you guys went to Hollywood" Armando stammered.  "OH,
FUCK!  Is Smythe home?" he was horrified.

"No, no, no!" Kozinski answered.

"Oh, fuck!  Oh, fuck!  Oh, fuck!" Mando chanted as he walked in circles. I
put my legs down.

"It's ok, Mando" I said calmly.  He looked at me strangely.  He was really
freaking.

"What the fuck is going on?" he demanded of nobody in particular.  He was
still walking in circles.

"Jesus Christ, Armando, calm down!" Kozinski ordered.  He had the floor.  I
just lay there silently.

"Calm down?" he laughed nervously.  "What the fuck are we gonna do?" he
asked of me.

"Mando!  It's ok!" I shot back.

"Ok?  OK?  You call this ok?" he said to me, motioning toward Kozinski.

"Ah, yah!" I said, motioning back to Kozinski.  Armando turned and looked.
I think that's the first time he actually realized that Kozinski was naked.
"I think I call that ok" I chuckled nervously.

"It's cool, Armando" Kozinski smiled.

"Yah?" Armando queried, still unsure as to what was going on.

"Yah" `Ski answered.

"What the fuck is going on, Dude?  I thought you guys were gone"

"Obviously!" he teased.  It was the wrong thing to say.  Armando started
pacing all over again.

"Fuck!" he spat, looking between Kozinski and myself.

"Mando, its ok!" I emphasized again.

Suddenly he turned to Kozinski.  "How long have you been watching us?"

"Oh, since you dragged his hot little ass to the edge of the bed!"

"Goddamn!" Armando fretted, looking at me.

"Jesus, Mando!" I said.  "Fuckin' calm down!"

"So what are you doing in here?" Armando asked directly of Kozinski.

"Looks like I'm stroking my dick, doesn't it?" he laughed.

"Well, yah.  It does!" Armando answered with a smile.  Suddenly the comedy
of the situation gripped him.  He started to laugh, which made Kozinski and
myself laugh too.  We all got a good chuckle for a minute or so before
Kozinski spoke again.

"I can't believe you guys," he said,

"What?" I asked.

"I can't believe how fucking hot you two are together"

"Yah?" I asked again.

"Yah!" he said.  "You can fuckin' take that?" he asked of me.  I was a
little embarrassed.

"Well-------"

"-------You don't have to answer that" he interrupted.  He turned to
Armando.

"I heard you guys going at it as soon as I walked in the door.  Your door
was open, so I checked it out.  I gotta say that it was a pretty hot scene"

"You think so?"

"Oh, yah!  Damn, Dude that's a hot fucking hole you're pluggin' there!" he
said, motioning toward me. Armando turned toward me and shrugged his
surprise.  Kozinski continued, "Even though I've never been into it, it
didn't take me long to get a woody watching you two go at it.  It's been a
long while since I've been laid, so watching a man sink his bone in a tight
and wet hole really gets me excited"

"Yah, I guess we're pretty hot together----" Armando started

"-----I'd sure like to sample a little of that" Kozinski blurted out,
looking directly into Armando's eyes.

"WHAT?" he asked in shock.  I just blinked in surprise.  I don't think the
words had totally registered yet.

Kozinski turned to me.  His cock was still hard.  As freaky as the whole
scene was, I was mesmerized by it.  I hadn't cum yet and since I'd calmed
down from the shock of being busted in the act, I realized just how horny I
was.  "You game, Stud?" he asked directly.

"I dunno" I said lamely.  What the fuck was I supposed to say?

He held his cock up and pointed it at me.  "You wanna take a ride on this?"
he rasped.  I couldn't take my eyes off of it.  I looked up at Armando.  He
was frozen in place with a look of disbelief on his face.  It wasn't a look
of disgust because, had it been, I would have immediately said no.
Frankly, neither one of us knew what to say.  Kozinski was holding all the
cards at that moment.  "C'mon, Sean.  Give it a go, huh?"  Before I could
answer, he started moving toward me.  I was still laying with my butt at
the edge of the bed.  My legs were dangling over the side with my feet on
the floor.  My legs were spread and he walked right up between them.  "What
does it feel like, Armando?" he asked calmly.  He was now standing between
the two of us, blocking our vision of one another.

"Uh---um----good" was all Armando could say.  He stepped aside and looked
at me with this puzzled look.

"Yah, from the looks of it, I'll bet it's damned good.  Fuck you guys'
action gave me the hornies," he said.  "How `bout it, Sean?  Uncle `Ski
hasn't had it in a long time.  I really need to get off.  You gonna help me
out?"

"I---uh----I-------"

"-----You know you want it" he cooed, pulling my left leg up with his free
hand.  The other was wrapped around that fucking monster meat of his.  He
was slowly jacking it back and forth.  The copper colored fur that covered
his body was thick around his balls and shaft, which protruded sharply away
from his body in a menacing yet entrancing manner.  He turned to Armando
for a second "Do I need some of that?" he said, nodding toward the bottle
of lube.

"Uh, yah" Armando answered.

"Get some" Kozinski ordered.  Turning back to me he said, "It's gonna be so
fucking good, Stud.  You'll see."  Armando handed the lube to Kozinski.

"Make sure he's got enough" I told Armando nervously.  I was hot to fuck
though.  He'd caught me at just the right time.  I was horny and aroused
and freshly fucked.  And I hadn't cum.  I sure as hell wanted more.  He
grabbed the tube back from him and opened it.  Kozinski turned sideways and
guided his cock to it.  Armando squirted plenty of the thick and slippery
goop along the incredible length of his roommate's manhood.  Kozinski
immediately worked it onto his pud.

"This is so weird," Armando said with a grin on his face.  He looked at me
again.  "You okay with this?"

"Yah" I answered sheepishly but my eyes were glazed over with lust.

"Sure he's ok," Kozinski said. "Aren't you, Stud?"

"I think so," I said.

"Lift your legs, man" he ordered.  "Show me that hole."  I did as he asked.
His dirty talk was starting to get to me.  "Get up there and hold his legs
for me" he said to Armando.  Armando hopped up on the bed and grabbed onto
my legs, pulling them up towards my chest.  "Oh, fuck yah!  Look at that
wet hole" Kozinski purred as he rubbed his cockhead up and down my slippery
asscrack.  The head of his cock is smaller than the shaft, making his cock
spear-like and less menacing than its size.  Unused to fucking men in the
ass, he pushed it inside of me it way, way, way to fast.  I damn near came
off the bed, shrieking in pain.

"Easy, easy, easy `Ski!" Armando cautioned, pushing him away but not
completely out of me.  My butt burned from the sudden intrusion.  My toes
clenched in pain.  Kozinski stood perfectly still.  "Sorry" he said.  "What
did I do?" he asked as only a man who'd never fucked another in the ass
would.  He was clueless.  Armando took over from here.

"Jesus, Ski!  You can't just jam it in!  That fuckin' hurts like
hell. You're gonna kill him" he emphasized his statement by smacking him on
the chest.

"Ok, ok.  I'll go slow!" he answered.  For a little while he just stood
there with about 2 inches of his massive meat in me.  From the look on his
face I could see he wanted to bury it quickly.

"Just go slow, Ski" I pleaded.  "I gotta get used to it"

"Ok, Stud.  I didn't know"

Armando was incredulous.  "Didn't know, shit!" he said. "You stupid fuckin'
Jarhead!  In case you haven't heard, getting fucked in the ass hurts"

"Well it didn't seem like that a few minutes ago," he said with a sheepish
grin.

"Yah, but he was used to it, Man!" Armando scolded.  "Besides, I'm nowhere
near as hung as you.  How big is that thing anyway"

"Don't tell me!" I said immediately.  The last thing I needed to know was
exactly how large his cock was.  Just the first few inches of it were
giving me a hard time as it was.

Slowly but surely we worked at it.  Inch by mammoth inch, he was able to
sink his cock into me.  By the time he was about three-quarters inside of
me, he was banging against that second sphincter which had clamped shut
tightly.  I pushed on his groin, keeping him from going any deeper.  He got
the message.  From that depth he started slowly fucking in and out of me.
In a couple minutes we got a nice rhythm going.  As we progressed, I
relaxed and he started to get the hang of things.  Before long I had my
hardon back and was well on my way to taking more of that magnificent meat
of Ski's.  Throughout the fuck he remained largely silent.  I on the other
hand was not.  Just the motion of something so large moving inside of my
butt forced odd yet erotic sounds out of me.  The look on his face told me
that he was in awe of both the sensations and the fact that I could take
his huge howitzer.

It wasn't too long before he was pushing his knob through that ring-of-fire
deep inside of me.  That's when the real action started.  I was bone
fucking hard and it seemed that with every thrust he was putting more and
more of his meat to me.  Probably because he was!  Ski was never the
brightest guy in the world, yet he was a quick buttfuck study.  That knob
was spearing through my ring with deliberate speed.  No man had ever been
deeper inside of me.  That new sensation coupled with that of his enormous
girth stretching me beyond previously known limits was a mind blower.

"Fuckin' BIG dick!" I chanted as he picked up speed.  "BIG fuckin' dick!"

"You ok, Sean?" Armando whispered to me with concern.

"FUCK YAH!" I yelled as Ski lay me open with his weapon.

"Oh, fuck!  This is just too fuckin' good!" Ski finally said as he rammed
it all the way in slowly.  Each time he did it forced a big "UNHHH" out of
me.  "Hold his legs up more" he ordered Armando.  Armando climbed over and
straddled my torso, facing away from me.  All I could see was his furry
butt in my face.  I lay back and reveled in the sensations of taking that
monster fucking cock.  Ski's balls were slapping against my ass, heavily
laden with weeks of ball beer.  Faster and faster he fucked into me,
sensing that I could take it.  I was as wide open as I've ever been in my
life at that moment.  My hole opened so big that you could have driven a
truck inside.  The bigger my hole got, the more pleasurable the fuck
became.  The looser I became the less my prostate was being mashed by the
immensity of his manhood.  Soon enough I was ready for whatever Ski had to
deliver.  And I let him know it.

"Gawd, my hole is so big!" I wailed.  "Fuck me harder!" I begged.  All hell
broke loose as he complied.  What started as a painful experience had
become a balls-out manfuck of incredible proportions.  Ski took control of
my hole and reamed it masterfully.  He slammed his full length into me as
if he were a man of average endowment.  Once buried he started rooting it
around, churning my guts.  "OH, FUCK YAH!  Batter my guts!" I wailed.

"Oh, fuck!  I'm never gonna last, Stud!"

"Do it, Ski!  Get your nut!" Armando said, getting into it.  I buried my
face in his furry butt and feasted on his sweaty crack.  Enhancing my
pleasure, my tongue moved through his mancrack and sought out his pucker.
When I found it, I pierced through and tasted that forbidden musk that only
a man's ass affords.  Ski was driving it home with tremendous force,
pushing Mando's butt down on my face.  The scent of his butt wafted through
my nostrils while the taste of him aroused my tastebuds.  Ski hadn't missed
the action going on between us.

"Oh, you fuckin' slut!" he rasped as he started his sprint for home.
"Lookit that.  Takin' dick at one end and eatin' ass at the other!  You
guys are too fuckin' much"

"Like that shit, Ski?" Armando asked.

"Oh, yah!  Gonna get off, Dude!"

"Gonna blow you load in his butt?" Armando teased.

"Fuck yah!  He's gonna take my cum!"

"Go for it, Ski!" Armando chided.  With that he swooped down and sucked the
entire length of my cock in his mouth.  That's about all it took for me.
That action started me down a quick and irreversible path toward getting my
nut.  The sensation caused my butthole to tighten up.

"Oh, fuck!  Gonna cum!" Ski warned.

"UMMMM!" was all Armando could say with his mouth full.

"Take it, you fuckin' slut!  Take my cum!" he spewed just before he shot.
That was all for me.  Locked and loaded, I fired salvos of semen that never
seemed to stop coming.  While I was in the throes of jetting my jizz, Ski
froze in place with his short and curlies rammed against my swollen and
tortured asslips.  "FUCKIN' SLUT!  CREAMIN' IN YOUR FUCKIN' SLUTHOLE!" he
wailed as he pumped what seemed like a quart of his nut butter into my
entrails.  What was probably the most exciting orgasm he'd had in eons sure
didn't last long.  No sooner had I felt the warmth of his shooting spooge
then he unceremoniously pulled out.  Inside of two seconds I went from a
hole that was larger than it had ever been to one that was gaping open
obscenely.  With that massive meat of his he nearly turned my entire fuck
tunnel inside out.

Armando had stopped sucking on my super sensitive cock and rolled off to
one side.  Ski was standing with my legs in his hands, his boner at a steep
angle toward the floor and his eyes transfixed on the hole he'd just
plugged.  He fingered it momentarily.

"You little fuckin' slut!" he grinned at me.  The tone of his voice made it
clear that meant that in a context of awe.  "Can't believe you took that!"
he continued as he turned and walked away.  When he reached the doorway, he
turned around again, shaking his head and said, "HOT fuckin' slut!" before
walking out.

Armando and I lay side by side looking at one another.  "You okay, Mijo?"
he asked.

"Yah.  The fucker dragged my guts out when he pulled out so quickly" I
informed, motioning toward my butt.  Armando reached down and felt my
sloppy slash.

"Gawd, that feels hot, Sean!" he said as his nostrils flared.  I recognized
that look.  A wave of lust had come over him.  He closed the distance
between our faces and planted a wet and open-mouthed kiss on me.  The man
was clearly aroused.  And because he was, I became so.  We rolled around on
the bed until he was on top of me and his unsheathed cobra was sliding up
and down my slick crack.  I knew he wanted to fuck.

"Gimmee a few minutes, Sarge and you can put it to me" I said.  He
continued to kiss me and work my neck and suck on my tits for several
minutes until he had me hard and willing once again.  Without even asking,
he slid his hardness into me.  What was normally a tight my butt gaped open
around his intrusion, taking pleasure from his rooting around for the
friction he desired so much.  In no time we were at full tilt on the fuck
scale.  I clung to him as he brutalized my butt.

My hole oozed the two loads of cum from my earlier hosings.  His cock
sluiced into my like a hot knife into butter.  Nearly exhausted, I lay
there, holding my legs in the air and let my Sergeant have his way with me.
I think he knew I wouldn't take dick at that pace for long, so he sprinted
for home without regard to whether I was coming along with him.  The last
thing I could have done at that moment was get another hardon.  I'd been
fucked so long and hard that I wondered if and when I'd get it up again.
What I did want was the awesome sensation of Mando's dick pushing in and
out of me.  Reaching down, I pulled my asshole open and pushed down from
inside.  I have no idea how long the man fucked me, but his fuck was so
powerful as to be animalistic.  Looking down at our union I could see my
distended asslips sucking against his hard shaft, alternately shucking and
sheathing his sensitive knob with it's protective foreskin.  When he
finally came, I looked up at him.  His tongue was hanging out of his mouth,
his eyes were crossed and his face had the most amazing look of contentment
on it.

After that heavy-duty action, I just lay there exhausted.  Armando went
down on me again but I begged him off.  I just wanted to take a shower
where I could rinse the fuck off and out of my body.  It had been hot but I
really needed to be clean once again.  Once clean and dry I realized just
how thirsty I was.  I ran into Kozinski in the Living Room on my way to the
refrigerator.

"You ok?" he asked.

"Yah"

"How?"

"I dunno, Ski" I answered wearily.  "I just am."  Armando heard us talking
and came into the room.

"Hey" he said a little sheepishly.

"Hey" Kozinski answered.  We all sat in silence for a moment.  "Sorry I
broke in on your party, Guys" he said, breaking the ice.

"Yah, what's up with that?" Armando asked.

"An old buddy of mine called today and said he's coming here tomorrow.  So
I decided not to go to Hollywood.  We're gonna go to TJ"

"Tijuana?" I asked with surprise.  It's so sleazy.

"He loves it" Armando explained.

"You know, you Guys, you ought to close the door when you're gonna hump
each other" Ski teased.

"You asshole!" Armando said, throwing a pillow across the room at him.
More than a little tension was released by that action.

"When did you get home," I asked, not really wanting to know the answer.

"I dunno.  But I could hear you guys when I walked in the door.  I went to
my room to change clothes.  I tried to ignore the sounds but you guys were
really into it."  We looked at one another and smiled.  He continued, "Man,
I haven't been laid in so fucking long and even though you guys were doing
the Rump Ranger thing, it started to get to me.  Like I said before, the
door was open so I watched.  I gotta say it was a pretty hot scene"

"Well we're sorry you had to find out about us that way" Armando
apologized.

"Oh, hell.  I've known about you two for a long time" he interjected.

"You have?" Armando asked with surprise.

"Yah.  It's no big deal, Guys.  Really.  I've known you were doing the
nasty for weeks now"

"How?" I asked.

"Oh, c'mon now, Guys!" he laughed.  "Have you seen what's going on between
you two?"

"What do you mean?" Armando asked incredulously.

"It doesn't take a fucking genius to figure out that you two have had the
hots for one another from the start"

"It shows?" I asked.

"Well, it does to me.  I didn't know you before," he first motioned to me
then to Armando, "but this guy here's been a totally different person since
you've been around"

"Whaddaya mean by that?" Armando asked.

"Geez.  You were fucking miserable to be around, Dude.  Since this guy's
been around you've actually been pleasant"

"Really?" he asked.

"For sure," he said.  Turning to me he said, "Thanks, Sean"

"No problem"

"Oh, God!  Does Smythe know?" Armando asked.

"Are you kidding?  He's so fucking dumb you guys could fuck on the floor in
front of the TV and he wouldn't figure it out"

"You think so?" Armando asked.

"Shit.  You know him.  He's got a one-track mind.  If you cut his head
open, pussy would ooze out.  Don't worry about him.  Just keep it under
wraps guys"

"You ok with us?" Armando asked.  Kozinski laughed and threw the pillow
back at him.

"H-E-L-L-O !  I just fucked your boyfriend!" he said.  We all laughed.

"Are you------" Armando started to ask.

"----Gay?" Kozinksi completed the question.

"Bi" Armando corrected.

"I never gave it a thought before.  Guess I could be"

"And that doesn't bother you" Armando asked.  Coming from a man that had a
hard time coming out, it was a legitimate question.

"I never worry about those sorts of things.  Pussy will always be my main
diet.  Unfortunately, not being the best looking guy in the world means I
don't find much of it.  I'm not a fucking Adonis like you, you know!" he
teased Armando.

"Yah, but you get your share" Mando said.

"You'd be surprised, Dude.  A big percentage of the few women I get a
chance with are scared of this," he said, grabbing his crotch.

"That'll do it" I piped in.

"Yah.  I still wanna know how you can take it, you little fuckin' slut!" he
shot back at me.

"Don't call him that" Armando barked.  We all looked at one another.  The
outburst was a little surprising to Ski and I.

"It's ok." I said.  I knew the context in which Ski was using the word.

"No it's not" Armando shot back.  "I spent too many years of my life
feeling weird or cheap or guilty about my sexual orientation, and I don't
wanna hear any negative connotations regarding me or you.  Ok?"

"No problem" Ski respectfully said.  I just nodded my assent to Armando.

"So, Ski.  Whaddya do if you scare women off with that thing?" I asked,
changing the subject.

"Oh, every once in a while I find a real hoser that likes it"

"Is it such a curse?" I asked.

"It's pretty fucked up.  I've been hung like this since I've been 15.  All
the guys in school teased me about it"

"That bad, huh?"

"Fuckers called me `Poleski'.  Word got all over school and the name stuck.
I beat the shit out of more than a few guys for calling me that.  They just
started calling me that behind my back.  Even the girls got into it.  It
was fucked."  He was serious.  You could see that it had helped to form
part of his personality.  It gave great insight into who he was.

"So that's when you started fucking watermelons and farm animals?" Armando
asked.

"You're such a fucker" Kozinski laughed.  "I never fucked any farm animals.
My cousin fucked the farm animals" he corrected.

"WHAT?" I blurted out.

"Well, we lived on a farm and, you know, sometimes guys get a little
carried away with their 4H project" he explained with humor.

"Hell, I'm from West Texas, you don't have to tell me that" I chuckled,
"I'm talking about the watermelons."  Ski looked at Armando and blushed
beet-fucking red.

"Yah, I fucked watermelons" he confessed.  He was embarrassed.

"How.  And why?" I asked.

"Well, no girl was gonna let me fuck her and I got tired of jacking off all
the time.  So, one day I just cut a hole in a watermelon in the patch and
stuck my dick in it.  Kinda nice actually."

"Yah, he fucked `em all the time.  Says they get real warm just like a
pussy.  And they're pink inside to boot" Armando teased.

He shot daggers at Armando, "You're gonna pay for this" he warned with a
grin on his face.

"Yah" Armando challenged.

"Oh yah!  For a man that fucks men in the ass, you gotta lot of nerve
teasing me about something I did when I was a kid."  He was smiling but you
could see that Armando had perhaps gone a little too far.  "No offense to
you, Sean" Ski clarified.

"None taken, Ski" I laughed.  "Although if I'm not incorrect, you might
have become a buttfucker yourself tonight!"

"Touche!" he said.  "After that hot fuck, I just might have at that."  It
was real strange to hear a guy like Kozinski say that.

"Yah, right!" Armando said.

"Hey, who knows.  If I hear you two going at it again, I might be coaxed
into sloppy seconds again"

"Uh, I don't think you were exactly coaxed into anything tonight" I
admonished.

"Yah, well, whatever" he answered, closing the subject.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm always happy to hear thought on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Sat, 19 Aug 2000 10:40:46 -0700
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 8

A Few Good Men 8:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Involvement

Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 7, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1, precedes
the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all contain sex
between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between
consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men series
is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to protect
the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories I have
of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very early 80s
when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe sex
because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex with
condoms didn't really come into play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm
lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys back then and,
luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------


I awoke on Monday morning, alone of course, and the entire weekend's events
rushed into my mind immediately.  As I lay there shaking the cobwebs out of
my head, I relived what Armando and I had started over the last weekend.  I
longed to be in his arms.  Instead I had a clueless straight guy snoring up
a storm in his rack across the room.  I knew in my heart that there was
going to be some kind of future with my Sergeant and me, I just wasn't sure
how we'd pull it off.  After all, being in the Corps had a way of dampening
prospects for two men to build a relationship!  That's an understatement.

I got these fucking butterflies in my belly when I saw him report on Monday
morning.  He nodded and grinned at me, but that was about it.  All day
long, all I could think of was Armando and I.  I'm afraid that I was pretty
worthless that day.  Toward the end of the day he sauntered over to my bay.
Even though the conversation was light and noncommittal, the eyes said it
all.  His bored into mine and they spoke volumes.  Finally, when there was
a moment, he spoke with some substance.

"Hey, what're you doing tonight?"

"Uh, nothing, Sir" I replied.

"Wanna go get something to eat?"

"Sure"

"I'd kinda like to talk to you" he said quietly after looking around to see
if anybody was listening.

"Oh?" I tried to say with no flutter in my voice.  I failed.  My stomach
was doing flip-flops and I was confused as hell to where he was going with
this.  "What's on your mind?"

He looked around again before responding.  "Damn, Sean!  I gotta sort out
what's going on here!"

"What is going on?" I prodded.

"I'm freakin' a little," he said seriously.

He was freakin'!  Suddenly I had this horrible feeling in the pit of my
stomach.  "Freakin' over what?" I tried to ask bravely.

"You know------"

"-----I don't know, Sir!" I said.  I guess the look on my face gave away my
fears.

"Aw, Stud," he soothed.  I could tell he wanted to reach out and touch me.
"It's nothing bad.  It's just that I'm flipping out over what went on this
weekend"

"Nothing bad?" I asked, unsure.  He chuckled.

"Shit, what could be bad?"

"Then you're ok with all that went on?" I asked quietly.

"What the hell do you think?" he smiled.  I was relieved.  It showed in my
face.

"Then what're you freakin' about?"

"Can we talk about it tonight?"

"Anything you say, Sir!" I replied, mocking a salute.  He walked away with
this you're-gonna-get-it smirk on his face.  My cock surged at the
implications of that.

We made plans to go grab a bite when we got off duty in a couple of hours.
Long and tortuous hours, I might add.  It seemed like forever before we
were off.  When that hour finally came, I grabbed the travel bag I always
had with me in those days and split.  Being a young Jarhead, I never knew
where I was going to be, so I always carried a bag with some socks and
underwear, a clean shirt and my ditty bag.  The two of us met casually
outside and walked to his truck and hopped in.  We weren't 100 feet down
the road before he had his hand on the inside of my thigh.  And I his.  We
groped and felt each other up like the two starving lovers that we were.

"Damn, I missed you last night" he rasped,

"I don't think I slept a wink"

"Yah?" he smiled.  "I kind like that"

"You started freaking me out with that conversation this afternoon, you
know"

"Sorry.  Didn't mean to"

"I couldn't tell where you were going with all that"

"Really?" he said, crinkling up his nose.

"Yah" I said emphatically.  "You started talking about how freaked you were
about what went on----"

"-----And?"

"And, I was starting to think you were having second thoughts about what
you did"

"What you and I did" he corrected.

"Well, yah."

"It was us, Sean" he said, emphasizing the word us.

"It was, huh?"

"It's awesome"

"So what're we gonna do, Sir?"

"I don't know.  And that's what's freaking me out a bit"

The conversation quieted until we got seated and ordered some dinner.
Neither one of us said much because there was lots of thoughts going
through each of our minds.  I was just trying to figure out how I could
spend more time---and nights---with the man.  I'm sure he was thinking
about something similar.

"I want to spend more time with you" I blurted out.

"Me too, Stud," he said.  "But how?"

"I don't know, but there has to be a way"

"I've been thinking it over a lot.  Like every since I dropped you off last
night"

"Yah?  And?"

"No answers yet.  I mean it's too risky to mess around at my place because
of Smythe and Kozinski coming and going at all hours"

"Yah, I've thought of that"

"And your place is out of the question"

"That's for sure!" I laughed.  "I could just see us getting busted there"

"We could get together once in a while at the Motor Pool"

"Yah.  That would be ok" I assented.  Then I added, "We could park the
truck once in a while"

"Oh, yah!" he said with gusto, obviously reminiscing about our action the
night before.  "But that's a little risky"

"Yah, it is" I agreed.

"Besides, I want a little more than a hot quick fuck, you know?"

"Oh, man!" I shot.

"What?" he asked with concern.

"Nothing.  It's just that we're thinking the same shit, Sir!"

"Well then, goddamn it!" he said striking the table with his fist
forcefully, "Let's do something about it"

"Ok.  What?"

"I dunno.  But I think we need to be together tonight"

"No shit!  Where?"

"How `bout that sleaze bag motel right there?" he asked, pointing out the
window.

"You kidding?" I asked with a smile.  It just seemed so unreal.  I mean we
were just blocks from his place and CamPen's South Gate.  It just seemed so
weird that we'd shack up in some motel.

"You got any better ideas?"

"None, Sir!"

After dinner we checked into that sleazy motel.  Mando left me there while
he ran home and got some clothes and stuff.  While he was gone, I slipped
into the shower and rinsed myself inside and out like a good boy.  When he
returned I was face down on the bed.  I was tired and had taken the
opportunity to relax a bit.

"Oh, fuck!" he said as he closed the door.  "You look just too fucking good
laying there"

"Then join me, Sir!" I called out.  A second later I felt him climb up onto
the bed.

His breath was hot on my neck and the day's growth on his face rubbed
against my neck.  It was a feeling that was wonderfully familiar.  The
events of the weekend raced through my mind and all at once I wanted to be
taken by him.  My Sergeant lay his full body on my back.  The fur against
my back told me that he'd taken his shirt off, yet I could feel that he was
still wearing his cammies.  As he kissed and nipped at my neck and ears, we
ground and bucked against one another like two sex starved animals.

"You smell so good" he purred. "I need to go and take a shower" he
announced.

"No you don't, Sir" I replied.  His manscent was wafting through my
nostrils.  He smelled heavily of male.  That scent that comes from working
and sweating all day while your balls churn in the heat sweating and making
testosterone.

"But I've been working all day" he protested, grinding his cotton clad
boner against my naked butt.

"You smell just fine, Sir.  I prefer you this way"

"Yah?" he asked with a hint of surprise.

"Oh yah, Sir!" I explained, "You smell like a man"

"And this man's gonna fuck you, Lance Corporal"

"Sir, yes Sir!" I answered.  We were really starting to get into it.

"Ay, Mijo!" he whispered.  "You've got me so hot to fuck you!" he continued
as he dry humped my horny butt cheeks.

"Oh, yah, Sir!  Please fuck me Sir!" I plead.

"Goddamnit, Gyrene!  You've got the most incredible fucking ass.  I just
gotta have me some more of it"

"I need it, Sir!" I shot back, pushing my hole against the heavy cotton of
his cammies, bulging obscenely with his hard howitzer inside.  Armando
stood at once and tore his pants off.  In a jiffy he was back on my
backside and his already wet willie was knocking at my back door.

"Gotta have that ass, Baby" he cooed as he ran the length of himself up and
down my asscrack.

"Gotta have that dick, Sir!" I informed him.  Suddenly he sat up and I
wondered what he was up too.  Until I felt his hot breath on my butt.

"Gonna eat that man's ass before I fuck it" he announced.  His tongue took
swaths across my milk white cheeks before swirling closer and closer to my
pucker.  Sarge wasted precious little time before he zeroed in on what he
wanted most.  Using his wide tongue he licked up and down my asscrack,
being very careful to just graze my asslips which were swollen with
anticipation.  Using the top of his tongue he laved my butthole over and
over again before darting at my manbud.  With the pointed end of his tongue
he poked and prodded at my pucker which began opening like a flower to his
advances.  Before long my Sergeant had his tongue buried inside of me as
far as it would go and he was feasting on my tight tush.

The sensations were getting me very, very hot.  I couldn't wait until he
mounted me.  What I wanted more at that moment than anything else was to
suck on his dick.  I wriggled about, turned over and around, raising my
legs.  All the while Armando was sucking and probing my manhole like he was
famished.  When I had finished thrashing about, Mando's cock was just a few
inches from my face.  Reaching up, I wrapped my hand around his leaking
lance and brought it to my lips.  The scent of his crotch and balls was
strong.  He smelled so much like a man.  Like a man that had been working
all day should.  Add that to the super heady scent of his uncut cock and
you'll know why I was so attracted to him.  Though the head of his weapon
was sheathed, a small portion of it was peaking out of the end of that skin
sock.  Darting my tongue inside of that I mined for all the taste
sensations I knew were hidden there.  Shucking the foreskin, I sucked more
and more of his cock into my mouth and savored the explosion of male musk
across my tongue.  Because it's one of my favorite things to do, I sucked
my Sergeant like no tomorrow.  And all the while I was blowing him, he was
running his talented tongue in and out of my fuckhole.

As much as I loved the sensations of his ass eating, it was a bit
distracting for me.  I was consumed with worshiping the phallus of my
butt-god.  Pulling down on his butt, I pushed his weapon into my throat.
Though I wanted Sarge to fuck me, the thought of sucking him off suddenly
became a total turn-on to me.  Like the cock-hungry Stud that I am to this
day, I polished his knob and suckled his shaft as if I'd been doing it for
years.  That he was on top of me was a good thing.  That he was facing away
from me meant that the angle of penetration was not optimal.  With
aggressive force, I rolled us over to where I was on top.

Moving my butt off of Armando's face, I turned around and slid down on my
Sergeant into a subservient cocksucker position.  Holding on to the hairy
man's waist, I plunged my head and down on his pole.  If it was hard
before, it became steely soon after I let loose on him.  All of my
attention was focused on the 9 inches of `Rican rod before me.

Now it's no secret that I'm a cock worshiper from way back.  I love
everything about them.  The sight of a man's cock excites me to no end.
The scent of a man's dick drives me wild.  The taste of cock, especially
uncut, is nirvana.  And the sensation of one rooting freely in my guts is
heaven on earth to me.  I'd always known that I was gay.  But right then
and there in that sleazy Motel room with Sergeant Armando Contreras, USMC
while I was blowing him a lot of things gelled in my mind.  Looking back, I
think that that was the moment that I truly realized that I was born to
serve men and their cocks.  This euphoric feeling rushed through my body as
I serviced Sarge.  At 27 years old he was one of the finest specimens of
manhood on the planet.  Certainly one of Uncle Sam's finest.  Consumed with
lust for him and the need to give him ultimate pleasure, I relaxed my
throat muscles little by little allowing more and more of him to slide into
my throat.  Though I'd been an accomplished cocksucker for at least a few
years, never had I been able to throat a man with 9 inches.  Shit, I'd
hardly ever seen a cock as big as Armando's, let alone deep throat it.
Believe me, none of that went unnoticed by him.

"Fuckin' great cocksucker!" he cooed, rubbing my head.  My pride swelled.
My throat did too and even more of him slipped inside.  "Oh, fuck yah!" he
groaned as I swallowed his knob time and time again.

"Hmmmmmm" was all I could manage with several inches of his manhood down my
throat.

"Goddamn, Stud!" he moaned.  "You're gonna get me off if you don't quit!"
That only served to spur me on.  I sucked faster and deeper.  The noise of
a man busy on another's cock filled the room.  I looked up into his eyes
and conveyed that I had no intention of stopping until he'd painted my
tonsils with his manseed.  For the next several minutes I slurped up and
down that awesome bone, bringing my Sergeant closer and closer to an
orgasm.  Lying there with his head rolling from side to side on the pillow,
the man mumbled a litany of hot fuck talk making me hotter and hotter for
his load.

"Oh, fuck, cocksucker!  I'm getting close!" he warned.  He needn't have.
I'd been fondling his `nads for about 15 minutes.  They were no longer a
baggy and cum laden sac drooping between his legs.  They'd gradually crept
up into a tight sac, a harbinger of good things to come.  Pun intended.
Louder and louder came the pleasure noises from my man as I continued to do
what only another man can do best.  The longer I slurped up and down on his
shaft, the more he moved around.  His stones were now sucked high and tight
against the base of his shaft.  I rubbed them gently, coaxing their cream
from them.  Armando's legs started to shake.  I knew he was moments away
from feeding me his leche.  That only served to plunge more and more of the
length of him into the fucktunnel of my throat.  He was seconds from
spewing.

"Ohhhhhh, yahhhhhhhhh!" he purred.  "Gonna get my nut, Baby!" he said as he
grasped my head.

"Grrrrrrruummmmmm" I gurgled around his rooting rod.

"Fuckin' that man's skull!" he yelled as he locked and loaded.  His orgasm
was just moments away.  For a split second our eyes met once again.  There
was that awesome look of complete trust between us.  I think that's what
set him off.  My Puerto Rican god grimaced, closed his eyes and buried his
beast in my gullet.  Lying there frozen he screamed, "Take my fuckin' cum!"
as the first shots of spooge came.  The first two shot right down my
throat.  It took all of the strength in my neck muscles to work against his
grip in order to pull my head up but I did it.  Pulling back on his bone I
was just in time to catch the third and fourth spurts across my tongue.  I
nearly lost my load on the spot when I tasted my Sergeant's rock sauce.  He
was totally powerless at that moment as his nut butter rocketed out of him.

I stopped swirling my tongue over his naked knob because I knew just how
super sensitive it was.  But I never let it out of my mouth.  I wanted
every fucking drop of his Gyrene jizz and believe me I got it.  By the time
Sarge had calmed down I'd drained every ounce of semen he had to give.
Reaching down, he pulled me up on top of him and kissed me deeply.  I
gladly shared his seed with him.

Although I was completely aroused by our interaction, I was also exhausted
from the day and the weekend's events.  When Armando cooled off he turned
me onto my side, spooning himself around me.  He too was clearly beat. Even
though I hadn't cum I was incredibly content to be resting there with me in
his arms.  In no time we'd both drifted off to sleep.  I knew we'd fallen
asleep only because he stirred against me an undetermined amount of time
later.  Still spooned in behind me, the man was fully hard and his gigantor
was knocking at my back door.

Reaching around me, he wrapped his hand around my own hardon and stroked me
slowly.  What a terrific feeling that was.  His free hand traveled across
my taut and hairless belly up to my nipples, which didn't need much
attention to become aroused.  Like little pencil erasers they stood up to
his fingers as he lightly pinched them.  As he did that, my butt bucked
back on his howitzer, which was grazing in the crack of my ass.

Without a word, he reached up and retrieved the bottle of lube on the
nightstand.  Soon I felt the familiar cooling sensation as he spread it
over my pucker.  Ever so gently the man prodded my manbud which spread
easily and allowed his slippery finger to penetrate.  Biting my neck and
slurping on my ears, my Mando made magic in my slot.  Pulling my left leg
up, he exposed my hole.  The air was cool against my wet asslips.  After a
short while he aimed his cock, slick with lube, at my pucker.  I shuddered
when his knob first pressed against my sphincter.  My asslips kissed his
manhood, then parted and welcomed him just inside.  As large as his bulbous
mushroom head was, it slid inside with ease.  From that position Armando
slowly pressed on.

It took a few minutes, but that massive meat slid inside of me as if my
butthole was the sheath born to protect it.  From that position Mando
started fucking in and out of me ever so slowly.  Holding my breath I
continued to push backwards, sending him deeper and deeper into my
entrails.  Once he was nearly balls deep, the man took full control of my
hole.  He rolled on top of me and showed me just what a man's cock was for.
Fully hard, I lay there prostrate while he lay on my back and slowly fucked
over and over my prostate.

I have no idea just how long that fuck lasted that night.  All I know is
that I was helpless to his moves.  It felt so incredible being filled with
Mando's chorizo that all I could do was surrender to it.  And surrender I
did.  I reached up with my arms in a gesture of total submission while my
Sergeant continued to pick up speed.  With no particular place to go
 except deeper and deeper into my rectum, Sarge took his time and made sure
that I enjoyed every fucking inch of what he had to give me.  Once he broke
through that second sphincter I became a buttfuck animal.  I had to have
him inside me as deep as possible.  He was only happy to oblige.  Once we
broke that barrier that night, the fuck took on an entirely new dimension.
Full and manly pelvic thrusts carried that which I loved most completely
out of me only to rip past my sphincter, over my swollen butt nut, along
the fleshy walls of my mancunt past that gate of pain and pleasure and into
the heated pleasure pit on the other side.

I clawed at the sheets.  Alternately, I crawled away from him only to
quickly push back to feel his Jarhead jizzbone fuck me into oblivion.  Once
he'd had enough of me crawling away, Mando wrapped an arm around my waist
and held me onto his steely shaft.  Once or twice he'd come very close to
fucking me off.  I mean he'd worked my prostate so incredibly fine that I
have no idea how I kept from jetting.  When he reached under me and wrapped
a lube-coated palm around my boner, I knew that I was going to get wet
before he did.  It didn't matter.  I couldn't have stopped it anyhow.  A
herd of wild horses couldn't have dragged us apart at that moment.  That
big, strong and furred Sergeant worked my weenie until he had me squirming
and moments from getting my nut.  Just when I thought I was going to give
it up, he'd bite my ears for distraction.  Time and time again, Mando
brought me to the brink, before distracting me.  Finally, I was crazed with
the fullness of the man's meat inside of me, and the need to nut.

"Oh, Gawd, `Mando" I moaned.

"Yah, Baby?" he cooed in my ear.

"I gotta cum, Sir!"

"You wanna get your gun?"

"YAH!  PLEASE!" I pleaded.

"Go on, Stud!" he whispered.  "Get your nut!"  His hand started working
overtime on my bone as his bone made mincemeat out of my buttflesh.  He
took me right to the edge of the cliff and held me tight while he fucked me
off.

"Gonna cum, Sir!" I warned when I felt that familiar buzz in my balls.

"Fuckin' cum, Stud!"  His filth talk, ear slurping and neck biting had
finally taken its toll.

"OHHHHH!!!  FUCKKKKKKK" I moaned as I felt the hot liquid flowing deep
inside of me.

"Yah?" he encouraged.  "Gonna cum, Baby!"

"OHHHH!  YAHHHH!  FUCKIN' CUMMIN' SARGE!" I yelled as the first jet of
white hote jizz screamed up the inside of my dick.  "UNGGHHHHH!" I moaned
as it rocketed out into the waiting palm of my `Rican Rump Ranger.
"AHHHHHHHHHHH!" I cried as he milked the cum out of me.

"Oh, yah!" he hoarsed.  "Your fuckin' ass is gripping my cock real hard,
Sean!"

"UHHHHHHHHHHHHH" I groaned as my pud pudding painted the sheets below us.

"Fuckin' gonna cum, Baby!" he announced.  My orgasm was just beginning to
subside as he built his own. I was still lost in the throes of my cum when
that sudden warmth caused by a man planting his seed spread throughout my
insatiable butt.  He was taking short but incredibly deep strokes in my
butt as he filled me full of cock snot.  Mando was always hot when he came.
He continued to coo in a deep and masculine way as his hips continued to
push his cock in as deep as it would go.  What I remember most about that
night was that we stayed in that position.  Armando was plugged in my butt,
lying on my back and I was lying in a pool of my own spew.  That's how we
fell asleep.

Before we knew it however, it was 05:30 and time to get up.  Hell, we were
both up at that hour!  After kissing and groping it didn't take long before
we'd worked ourselves into a horny state once again.  Armando had me on my
back and my legs over my head before I could even wipe the sleep from my
eyes.  I was ready and more than willing to take him on again.  My butt was
wet and sloppy from our mating just hours before, so his fine phallus slid
into me like nobody's business.  What ensued that morning before dawn was a
leisurely face to face fuck between two hard bodied Marines that had no
idea what the future held and frankly didn't care as long as it included
the other.  I gave myself completely to my Sergeant that morning, heart and
soul.  I don't think we ever stopped staring at one another as he slowly
and carefully drilled me.  The slippery and sloppy sounds coming from our
union only spurred him on.  Before long he'd built a head of steam that
took us on a ride that we both would never forget.  I don't know what got
into him that morning, but it seemed like he couldn't cum to save his life.
The result was a long and emotionally binding fuck of melded hands,
intertwining tongues, arms wrapped around torsos and, of course a 9 inch
mancock perfectly fitted and seated within the mancunt of his lover.  Mando
brought me off by rubbing his furred belly against my cock that morning,
all the while putting it to me like no man deserved.  I'd long since spewed
by the time my Sergeant lover gave it up.  It was wonderful.

Unfortunately, we'd sort of fucked the morning away and had little time for
anything other than a quick morning ritual.  The two of us did arrive on
time at our duty station with only seconds to spare.  It was a close call,
but one that was well worth it.  All day it felt as though Armando was
still inside of me.  I liked that.  It seems like every time I looked in
his direction he was staring at me and smiling, showing those perfect
pearly whites off.  I felt so free and careless.  I don't think that either
of us really considered if anybody was watching us.  Frankly, I don't think
that either of us could have cared less about that.  I know I didn't.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm always happy to hear thought on what you think about my stories.
Contact me at billybob661@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2000 01:03:48 PDT
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 7: Sergeant Armando Contreras: Initiation II

A Few Good Men 7:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Initiation II


Note:  The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 6, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1,
precedes the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all
contain sex between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details
of sex between consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is
not allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been
warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to
clear up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good
Men series is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been
changed to protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the
best memories I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took
place in the very early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we
really didn't practice safe sex because it was the very beginning of
the health crisis and safe sex with condoms didn't really come into
play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with
lots of mostly military guys back then and, luckily, am still negative
all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write
about.  I just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with
your comments.  Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all
rights to this and all the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.






I can only hope that I adequately described what transpired between
Armando and me over the next several hours.  It was far more than just
hot sex.  It was about two men so relaxed and free to give to one
another.   It was about cementing desired roles.  It was about tough
and tender, strong and sensual.  I was only 20 at the time.  Granted,
I'd had far more experience at man-to-man love than your average 20-
year old.  I'll give you that.  Hell, I'd been having gay sex since I
was 14 or so.  But that's not the point.  That night with Armando in
that fleabag Motel room, I felt things I'd never felt before.  With him
that night everything I felt was deeper and more intense.  Even more so
than when I was with Primer.  I honestly didn't know that man-to-man
sex could get as all consuming as what we experienced

>From the moment we closed the door to our room behind us it was all
about heavy duty man to man action.  Pulling the blackout draperies
closed, I was startled by him grabbing me from behind.  With a great
deal of strength he molded his body to my backside and held me tightly.
He wasn't rough, yet let me know I was being handled by a man.  His
mouth was all over my neck making me buck my hard buns back into his
hardening hombre.  He knew that my neck was a major erogenous zone of
mine and what working it would do to me.  My Sergeant was a quick
study.  I like that in a man.  He had me just where he wanted me.  And
so did I.

"You make me so hot for you!" he whispered as he chewed on my ear.

"Oh, Armando!" I cooed.  "I need you so bad tonight"

"Oh, Baby, don't you worry.  I'm gonna make love to you all night!" he
rasped, tearing at my clothes.

"Oh, fuck!  I wanna put out for you!" I wailed as he ripped my shirt up
over my head.  In a flash, he had shucked his as well.  Seconds later
we were back in an embrace, his hot, hard and hairy flesh rubbing
against my smooth back.

"UH!  Fuck-an-A, Sean!  You make me glad that I'm a man" he proclaimed
as he humped me from behind.

"And you are a man, Sir!"

"So are you, Country Boy, so are you!" he panted with broken breath.
He was really getting hot and we still had nearly all of our clothes
on.  "Lie down here" he instructed, pushing me toward the bed.  Just
before I reached it he spun me around and I went down on my back.  Over
the next few minutes he proceeded to strip me.  Beginning with my feet,
he removed my shoes and socks.  Reaching up to my waist, he popped the
buttons on my 501s.  Returning to my feet, he tugged at the pant legs
of my jeans.  I raised my ass slightly as the denim slid over my hips.
All that was left was my white briefs, which were so soaked with precum
that much of my hard cock was visible.

"So fucking beautiful!" he hoarsed, raping me with his eyes. He quickly
skinned his jeans off and stood there with his bad boy sticking up
straight in his boxers.  He too was soaked with precum.  The head of
his hardness was clearly visible.  I lay there looking up at my
Sergeant.  He was such a muscled marvel.  Damn, but he got me hot!
Wanting him so badly, I raised my arms in an invitation to take me for
his own.

In one fluid motion Armando crawled on the bed and lay on me.  Our
mouths met.  Our tongues dueled softly yet deliberately.  Grinding our
cotton-clad cocks together we took pleasure from one another.  I clawed
at his hard body as he wrapped his arms around me.  Mouth to mouth,
chest to chest, belly to belly, cock to cock we embraced as he muscled
in between my legs.  The heavy, coarse hairs of his legs rubbed against
the sensitive flesh of my inner thighs as he spread my legs with the
strength of his own.  It was clear what he was after and I was willing
to surrender it to him.  I knew that before the night was over he would
be dominating me with his dick and I would be submitting to his
masculine moves.  It was something that just the thought of put me in
the mood to take him inside of me.  Grinding his heavy and hard tool
against mine, he fought for friction.  I knew his sensitive knob was
sliding around inside of its protective sheath, so full of dick dew.
Spreading my legs even further I pulled them up so that I might wrap
them around him.  It was my first act of submission and it inflamed his
libido.

Suddenly, he jumped off of me with a start.  Reaching down to my waist,
he quickly pulled my briefs down.  When he had them around my knees he
paused to watch my throbbing tube.  I was so hard that my cock was
standing parallel to my body, pulsating to the rapid beat of my heart.
When he continued to tug I lifted my legs and my briefs slid over my
ankles and off.  Grabbing my feet with his one hand, he held my legs up
while leering at me with a lascivious smile.  I shivered at the sight
and my asshole flared.  Slowly, he raised my white briefs, balled in
his other hand, to his face.  Without breaking eye contact he breathed
deeply through them, inhaling my scent.  My cock lurched and seconds
later a huge surge of clear goo parted the super sensitive lips of my
pisshole and flowed onto my flat belly.

"Oh, fuck, Sir!" was all I could say.

"God!" he wailed.  "I can smell your balls and butt" he said, inhaling
yet another time.

"Yah?" I choked.

"Oh, fuck yah!  And they're so wet with your precum"

"You make me so wet, Sergeant!"

"Oh, Sean!  How am I ever going to make love to you as much as I want
to?" he asked, setting my briefs aside.  His talk was making me so
fucking horny for him.  I reached down and pulled my asscheeks apart,
exposing my manbud to him.

"One hot, wet, deep and glorious fuck at a time, Sir!" I proclaimed.

With that he pulled his own shorts off.  His manmuscle stood up
straight and proud at a 60-degree angle from his body.  It was amazing
to see such a large prick pulsate like that.  The cap of his cock was
barely covered by his ample foreskin.  A puddle of his slick was
beginning to flow down the underside of his appendage.  His free hand
reached down and he gently slid his fingers over my gaping pucker.

"You gonna let me inside there, Sean?" he whispered.

"All night long if that's what it takes, Sir!"

Gripping both of my ankles now with his callused hands, he slowly
pulled my feet apart and brought them to his mouth.  While staring me
in the eyes, he suckled on the toes of one foot before moving on to the
next.  His tongue made magic over and between my toes, driving me
crazy.  As I thrashed my head from side to side on the bed, he slid his
tongue to my instep on the incredibly sensitive sole of my foot.  It
was almost more than I could stand.  Back and forth, over and over, he
slurped and sucked his way across my foot, up my ankle and onto my
calves.  Pushing my legs back further toward my chest, the strong man
exposed my butt and balls to his sight and the backs of my knees to his
tongue.  I nearly jumped out of my skin.  It felt so good, almost too
good.  Being very, very ticklish it was all I could do to not surrender
to the sensations by laughing.

But he didn't stop at the backs of my knees.  Oh, no.  Not even.
Alternating from one leg to the other he lifted them higher and spread
them further and further apart.  When they were far in the air, he
crawled back onto the bed.  While he wormed his way with his tongue
over my inner things, I could feel his leaking lance leaving slick
trails of precum on me.  When he'd reached my groin he pounced on top
of me, grinding our naked knobs against one another.  Damn, but that's
a great feeling.  Only two men hot with lust can understand the intense
feeling of it.  In no time Armando was showing no-mercy on my neck.  As
he did so, my legs automatically wrapped themselves around his.  The
more he worked my neck the harder I clawed at his furred buns, pulling
him onto me.

The neck work took on a whole new dimension as my moans and groans got
louder and louder.  All the while the man was pumping his prick against
mine, he kept his sucking mouth and turgid tongue busy.  Up to my ears,
down my neck to cross to the other side, around to the nape then down
to my nipples, standing hard like pencil erasers.  As he sucked on my
tits, thousand of volts of electrical energy shot from them to my
groin, exploding with nuclear fission in my prostate.  Just when I
thought getting my tits bitten and sucked was the zenith of sensation,
my Sergeant moved lower.  Lifting himself up on his arms he licked and
sucked his way down my rippled belly.  Still grinding his hard howitzer
against my own, he spurted gobs of clear slick between the two of us,
soaking our union.  The belly worked began moving toward my ultra-
ticklish sides.  Knowing where Armando was going, I fought off the
instinctive urge to push him off of me.

I know he felt me tense up.  Holding on to me tighter he continued his
assault as he moved onto my sides.  I couldn't stand it anymore.  I
began bucking up, trying to force him off of me.  He was just too
strong for me.  It was pure agony, yet my cock had never been harder.
It felt like it was about to break.  Thrashing about on the bed,
helpless under his bulk and weight, I called out for mercy.

"NO MORE!" I begged.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmmm" and the vibration of it against my skin was his only
answer.

"NO MORE!  NO MORE!  NO MORE" I pleaded.  Still no let up.

"ARMANDO--------PLEASE------STOP!  I CAN'T HANDLE ANYMORE!"

"Relax, Baby.  I'm not going to hurt you" he soothed.

"OH, FUCK!  PLEASE STOP!  NO MORE!" I yelled.  It was if he never heard
me.  Instead he just increased the intensity as he wrapped his hand
around my rigid rod.  As he slid his hand up and down my shaft the
whole world changed.  Suddenly all the ticklish sensations changed to
that of carnal lust of the same intensity.  My cock surged.  I thought
I would cum.  Armando knew exactly what he was doing.

"OH--------CUM------NO!" I panted, seriously on the verge of jetting
jizz.  Unwrapped his hand from my steely shaft, he moved it lower where
he took my sagging scrotum in his palm.  Rolling my `nads around in his
hand, he allowed his fingers to graze over my pulsating pucker, all the
while working my sides heavy duty.  The sensation changed from one of
imminent orgasm to infinite pleasure.  Suddenly I wanted to be impaled.
As his digits danced across my tight opening, my asslips gaped open and
sucked on them.  Reflexively, I pushed down with my butt muscles and
opened my being to the probings of the man.  Respecting the fact that I
was dry, he slid his fingers and hand over my gaping gash, leaving me
wishing for penetration.

His mouth moved lower still from the sides of my abdomen.  Like a
consummate tease, he licked all around my groin, not quite touching my
bad boy or balls with anything but his hot breath.  Swirling around and
around my pubic hair, his tongue closed in on my privates, driving me
out of my skull.  I wanted him to suck me deep into his throat where I
could bathe his tonsils in hot cock snot.  But Armando took his time
bringing me further and further towards the end of my rope.  I watched
in awe as his darting digit slid up and down my shaft not quite
reaching my circumcision scar.  All the while he rolled my manrocks
around in their loose sac.  By the time I finally felt the warmth of
his mouth on my super sensitive knob, he could have done anything to
me.  I would have done anything he wanted me to at that point.

How can I described the sensation of your ultimate dream man's hot and
wet mouth going down on your pulsating pud?  It's indescribable.  My
Sergeant spent the next several minutes unselfishly worshiping my
weenie.  It was clear that he was an accomplished cocksucker.  Being
just 20, I was dangerously close to drowning him with my spunk in what
seemed like seconds flat.  Undeterred by that, Armando periodically
backed off from the action to give me time to cool down.  When it
became apparent that I was too hot to fellate any longer, he moved on
to my balls.  Sucking both of them into his hot and wet mouth, he once
again fingered my fuckhole.

Spitting out my rocks, his tongue snaked under them and zeroed in on my
most sensitive spot.  Holding my legs up and apart, he slowly swirled
closer and closer until that big fucking USMC Sergeant Stud licked
across my gaping gash with his hungry tongue.  Probing as deep as he
could inside of me, he tongue fucked me with vigor, making my sphincter
into mush early on.  I lay there, holding my legs up while my butch
Sergeant ate my ass.  Not contented with the angle of penetration that
position afforded him, the horny hombre flipped me over onto my belly
where he continued to feast on my fanny.  For 10 or 15 minutes the man
probed and prodded until my asslips were a swollen mass of nerve
endings.  It wasn't until his jaw tired did he come up for air.

When he did, he slid the full length of him onto my back.  Settling his
slippery sword in my asscrack, he started biting gently on the nape of
my neck.  Inside of a couple of minutes later, he had worked me into a
bucking bronco as he bit hard on my neck.  I moved my hole around on
his manhood, loving the feel of my gaping asslips slipping along its
slick length.

"You really want it, huh?" he rasped in my ear.

"Gotta have it, Sarge!" I begged, barely able to control myself.

"We're gonna bury that bone tonight, aren't we?" he continued.

"Tonight and every night" I choked.

"That's right.  `Cause that's what we do, huh?" he cooed.  "You put out
and I fuck your brains out, right?"

"Yah!"

"You like to submit to me, don't you?"

"OH, GOD, YAH!" I wailed.

"You're my little butt boy, aren't you?"

"I'm your hole, Sir!" I replied enthusiastically.  His filth talk was
really getting to me.

"FUCK!" he spat.  "You've got me so hot to fuck you!"

"Do me, Sir!"

"Do you what?"

"Do me deep"

"Yah?"

"Yah.  Dick me hard"

"Oh, fuck yah!"

"Tame me, Sarge!" I begged, bucking him nearly off of me.  With that,
he rolled off of me and retrieved the small bottle of lube from the
nightstand.  It had a rounded top that you opened by pulling it up.
The Sergeant popped it open, squeezed a little out to coat the top and
then slid it past the gaping gate of my gash.  I pushed my hole back on
it as I felt the cool goop being squeezed inside of me.  When he
removed the bottle, I felt empty.  My butthole clamped shut tightly,
squeezing slick stuff both deeper inside of me and out and over my
swollen asslips.

"Turn over, Sean" he commanded.  As he pulled my legs up and apart he
explained, "I want to see your face while I put it to you!"  He rubbed
his fingers over my white-hot pucker.

"FUCK ME, SIR!" I begged in my best boot voice.

He never answered me.  He merely moved into place between my legs.  I
watched him peel back his skin, releasing the angry purple knob.  Like
a man on a mission, he slid his cock just inside of me with a hint of
discomfort.  I was so hot, so horny and so open that the hunky
Sergeant's 9 incher just wormed it's way into the dark and deep
recesses of my depths without a hitch.  Until he reached about 7
inches.  That's when the business end of his bone bumped up against
that second sphincter deep inside of me.  The Sergeant slowed down when
he saw my toes curl and me grimace slightly.

"It's ok, Baby!" he cooed softly, withdrawing slightly.  Then, as he
pushed back gently he said, "Let me in, Sean" as he ground his bulb
against my inner muscle.

"AHHHHHHH!" I cried out with pleasure.

"That's it" he encouraged as he kept up the pressure.  I could feel
myself giving way to his moves.  There was never any question between
us that he would get through.

"YAHHHHH!" I groaned from my throat as his knob popped through.

"OH, FUCK!" he hissed as he pushed his trigger ridge through the tight
ring. The sensation made his eyes roll back in his head.  At the same
time the slight pain I felt as my man's mauler tore through my inner
ring was replaced by the euphoria his Billy club caused when it danced
in that pit of ultra pleasure on the other side.  I'd had my inner
sphincter breached more than a few times before then, but never had it
happened so close to the initial penetration of a fuck.  We weren't a
minute into our union before he had climbed into the inner most regions
of my soul.

"UNNNNGGGGHHHHHHHH!" was the sound that came out of me in the form of
gurgling.  Armando began fucking his sword in and out of my swollen
sheath.  I clung to him with white knuckles, urging him to do me deep.
As he picked up speed, I pushed my hole down on his Rican rod, opening
myself more and more.  That first two minutes of our fuck found the two
of us moving around to find the perfect position with the maximum
penetration.  Not by choice or not by design.  Just as a matter of
course.  When Armando pushed a couple of pillows under my ass he was
able to drive into me like he'd been born to.

I tore furiously at the fur on his butt as he balled me with the full
length of his manhood.  As his chorizo slid into my depths, it raked
across the hard walnut inside of me, making me shiver with ecstasy.
Deeper and deeper he moved his devil dog into my butt, scraping his
swollen knob against the fleshy walls of my mancunt.

"Oh, God yes!" I screamed as he brutalized my butthole.

"Ay, Hombre!" he proclaimed as he kissed me hard.  The scent and taste
of my butt was intoxicating.  I pushed even more flesh down onto his
jackhammer, allowing him to crawl in yet even deeper.

"Oh, Sarge!  Don't ever stop fucking me!"

"Gonna fuck you so deep!" he proclaimed as he slammed his pubic bone
against my hole.

"Yah-------deep-------"was all I could mutter.   He was sawing his
spear into my fucktunnel with amazing strength at that point.  He was
fucking me so hard it was difficult to talk.

"Gonna fuck you all the way in your guts, Gyrene!"

"Ball me!"

The sound of our fuck was awesome.  My slutty slash was slurping with
wetness as he moved in and out of it.  The animal like sounds he was
fucking out of me were none like I'd ever heard before.  The constant
pressure on my joy gland elicited long and deep moans.  Each time he'd
bottom out in my butt I'd groan and gurgle like a man being strangled.
All of this only seemed to spur Armando on.  Faster and faster he
fucked into me, slamming his nards into my butt as he slammed against
mine.  Because that began to hurt a bit, I reached down and pulled them
into the protective cover of my palm.  That only served to pull my
asslips further apart giving my man even more slippery flesh in which
to pleasure himself.

"Gimme that hole, Mijo!" he begged.  I sacrificed more of my slash to
him and took it like a man.  It was a balls-to-the-wall race to see who
was going to get whom off first.  The longer the man fucked me the
closer he was to fucking me off with his burgeoning bat.  The rapid
movement of his gigantor against my manclit was moving me closer and
closer to a mind-blowing spew.  I didn't dare touch my own steel shank.
It was smack dab up against my ripped belly, exposing the sensitive
underside to the moves of my man.  Yep, from that moment on he was my
man.  I was bound and determined that I was never going to let him go.
In just a short period of time he'd moved from buttfuck 101 to a
Master's degree in powerfuck.  I'd been hosed by a host of hombres in
my day, but never as completely as Contreras was doing me at that time.

I called out unintelligibly and I didn't even care.  I couldn't.  I was
getting fucked so fabulously that nothing made any sense.  Armando had
incredible staying power.  I had no idea how long he'd been at my butt,
yet I'd been dicked enough that I knew he'd long surpassed the stamina
of the average man.  The elastic flesh of my sac gathered my stones and
headed for higher ground as Armando plowed me closer toward rocketing
off.

"Fucking hosin' you deep, little man" he panted.

"You're gonna fuck me off, `Mando!" I confessed.

"YAH!" he shouted.  "Gonna bone you off, Baby!"

"Ahhhhh!  Yahhhhh!" I gurgled as his sword tore into me like a hot
knife into butter.

"That's it!  Just lay there and let me work your grunt gland!" he
sputtered as he slowed down and rubbed his bulbous knob against my
button.

"GRRRRRRRRRRRRR!" I screamed.  Holding his butt by its hair, I pulled
him deeper and deeper inside of me.

"Take it like the man you are, Sean!" he spat as he packed me full of
Puerto Rican prick.

"Oh, no!  Oh, no!  Oh, no, Sir!  I'm gonna get it!" I purred as my
balls snapped inside of me.  My legs began to shake.  I held on tight
to my Sergeant as my head spun from hyperventilation.

"Ah, fuck!  Gonna make my man cream!" he proudly pronounced.

"DICK----ME----DEEP!" I pleaded as all hell broke loose.  Just as he
ran his rambo all the way in my rectum I let loose. My hole alternated
from big and loose to vise-grip tight as the spasms of my ejaculation
took over.  Ball beer blasted everywhere as I gave my entire being to
my Sergeant.  The moment wasn't lost on him either.

"UHHHHH!  Your ass is sucking my cock!" he whined like a man about to
give it up.  I could tell it took him by surprise.  My whorish hole
worshiped his manmeat as the cobra head swelled up.  Sarge began
fucking in and out in his quest for his nut, prolonging the intensity
of my own.

"FUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKK   MEEEEEEEEEEEEE,  SIRRRRRRRRR!" I belted as I
jetted the last of my jizz.

"Gonna fill your guts with my leche, Gyrene!" he slobbered.

"Cream me, `Mando!"

"AY, MIJO!" he blubbered as he froze.  That 9 inch Anaconda of his
swelled up half again as big around before he seeded me.  Even though I
had just cum, my cock surged and my ass gripped his pulsating prick
when I felt that awesome warm sensation of a man planting his pud
pudding.  He bred me with shot after shot of ball beer, making me the
luckiest Grunt in the world.

There was no cool down for us that night.  What had started to be all
about two hot and hard men fucking had turned into a ball busting love
making session that left us both speechless.  Despite the fact that
we'd just gotten our rocks off, we couldn't take our hands off of each
other.  Mando was mine.  And just as he did time and again after that
night, he didn't pull out of me.  He was so into buttsex that he
couldn't bear to.  He loved the sensation of his proud prod being
surrounded by the hot and wet flesh of the man he'd tamed.  Turning us
around, he positioned me half on my stomach while he was laying half on
my back with his manhood planted deep in my battered butt.  We'd
crossed the line and both of us knew it.  There could be no going back.
We'd given too much of ourselves to one another to backtrack now.  I
knew then that Sergeant Armando Contreras was my man for life.  And I
came to know later that he felt the same.

Much later, I again awoke to the moves of the man I called Sir.  Slowly
and deliberately, Mando took me from behind.  Pushing his howitzer
inside, he wrenched it around, mining all the lube and cum and butt
slime left over from our first fuck.  I think I've told you before just
how much I have come to crave and love second and third fucks.  This
night was no exception.  I can't explain how I felt when the man that
had powerfucked me into oblivion earlier purposefully and gently worked
my hole with his hummer until I was begging and screaming to be fucked
like the man that I am.

When I did beg him, he gave me exactly what I needed and wanted.  9
amazing inches of mancock, jammed so deep in my being that I thought
he'd shoot through my throat.  That part of the fuck was all about him.
He rooted for friction deep in my bowels, seemingly thinking only of
himself.  Laying directly on my back he chewed hard on my neck and
creating an awesome buzz in my wanton whorehole.  He pounded me so hard
at first that I lost my hard on.  I didn't even care.  He fucked me so
completely and for so long that it was that same heavy-duty action that
caused my hardon to roar back.  I realized that Mando was getting ready
to give it up once again.  For a quick moment I wondered if I'd get off
at all.  I needn't have even given it a though.  For just before he
locked and loaded, he reached under me and wrapped his lube coated and
callused hands around my maleness.  My ass was backed up onto him to
receive every fucking inch he could spare me.  His pumping action was
so hard that he was fucking me into the mattress, sending my inflamed
and engorged skin sword into the roughened yet slippery sheath of his
palms.  I was getting fucked in the ass by a hot fucking man who was in
turn causing me to fuck his own hands.

I think the minute his man hands wrapped around me, my hole clamped
down tight.  That did in a man who was really only seconds away from
breeding his manbitch one more time.  That big, strong man of mine was
only good for another few strokes before he unloaded in me.  Once
again, that incredible sensation of heat spread through my depths as my
hole sucked his spooge out of him.  To a bottom there is nothing like
being hosed full of hump honey.  Like a trooper, he continued to fuck
me until I too gave it up.  There I was, a 20 year old, hard bodied,
blond and blue Jarhead flat on my stomach.  I had a man's hard chorizo
pounding my hard bubble butt so hard that it was causing me to fuck his
wet and slippery fist wrapped around my 7 inch, closely clipped cock.
All the while he was getting off on the fact that he'd just jetted his
second load into me for the night.  All of that raced through my mind,
down through my gut, bounced around in my balls and ignited in my
prostate.  I saw stars that night as I soaked the sheets below with my
scrotum sauce.

Like a rag doll, I collapsed limply on the bed.  After a few minutes of
cool down, Mando took the initiative for clean up.  Dragging himself
out of bed, he returned a few minutes later with a towel, damp with hot
water.  Paying special attention to me, he cleaned me up.  I'm sure I
was sound-asleep before he came back to bed.

When I opened my eyes in the morning, I could see the sunlight
streaming around the top of the blackout draperies.  When I looked at
the clock I was quite surprised to see that it was 09:30 hours already.
Shit, I hadn't slept that late since I'd been in the Corps!  I knew
that if we were going to make the pre-parade party we'd been invited to
we'd have to make tracks.  Mando was, of course, wrapped around my
backside holding me tight against him.  The room smelled of men.  It
was that wonderful and pure male scent of pits and butts and balls and
cocks.  As much as I hated to do it, I slid out of bed and headed for
the shower.  When I finished my morning routine Contreras was up and
slipped into the shower as soon as I was out.

I dressed in a pair of baggy shorts and a body shirt that molded itself
to my chest.  At the last minute I decided to free ball---not wear any
underwear.  Mando had no idea of course, not until later.  While we
were hanging out at the pre-parade party we were sitting on the patio
facing each other.  I leaned back in my chair with my legs apart and
gave him a good look up my leg at my goods.  He was instantly
attentive.  Slipping closer to me, he slid his hand up the leg of my
shorts and fondled my balls and cock.  Of course, I was hard in an
instant.  We played pocket pool for a few minutes before cooling our
jets before things got out of hand.  The rest of the day however, my
Sergeant took every opportunity to reach down my pants for a feel.

The day was picture perfect.  The weather couldn't have been better.
There were thousands and thousands of hot men to look at.  And Armando
was at my side all day.  He couldn't keep his hands off me.  Actually,
we couldn't keep our hands off each other.  Who could ask for more?
The Gay Pride parade was a total trip to this Texas Country Boy.  It
amused my Sergeant as well.  After the parade there was a big festival
that everybody headed for.  It was a crash course in gay life.  It
showed us that there were gay people of every size, shape and race.
The day seemed to race by.  We made friends with the guys whose party
we'd gone to in the morning and hung out with them all day.  Finally,
we had to head back to CamPen for Monday morning duty.

The sun, the fun and the beer all combined had mellowed me out.  And
the fact that it'd been about 15 hours since my Sergeant had boned me
made me horny.  He was horny too.  Playing with one another all the way
down the 405 freeway, we were two randy men.  I was in a mood that
night.  A mood to get fucked and I knew just the man who could do the
job.  Only another bottom out there can understand what I'm talking
about.  You know how it is.  You're horny.  You're butt is itching.
It's relaxed.  It's ready.  And you just know that you can take
anything.  That's the mood I was in.  Mando had been feeling me up
practically since we'd gotten in the car.  Several times I'd given into
temptation and buried his bone in my throat.  That was hot.  Giving my
Sergeant head while we're tearing down the freeway.  Anyway, the action
really got me going.  I just had to have some more of him.

Maneuvering myself around, I placed my leg so that he could get a good
view of my balls hanging out of my shorts.  He'd been pretty sheepish
at first when he'd discovered that I wasn't wearing any underwear that
morning.  But he sure as hell thought it was a good idea at that
moment.  Mando went for the bait.  In no time he'd slicked his finger
up with spit and was working it into my depths.  It wasn't very long
before he was buried to the web of his hand.

"Damn, Mijo!" he cooed trying to keep his eyes on the road.  "It's so
fucking warm inside of that butt!"

"Oh, Mando!" I whispered.  "Yah, work that hole!"

"Fuck, Stud!  I'm gonna have to put it to you again"

"Oh, Sir, I need it!"

"You sure as hell do!" he retorted, sliding another finger in along
side his first.  I winced a bit, but he was able to worm it in just
fine.  When he'd done so, his eyes got big.  "Goddamn, Son, you're just
sucking my fingers in, aren't you?"

"Fuck me, Sarge!"

"Oh, Baby, I'm never gonna make it all the way home.  I gotta get me
some of that ass" he rasped.

"Aren't the guys home?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"If they aren't, they will be soon"

"Fuck, Sarge, what're we gonna do" I moaned as he probed deeply with
his digits.

"I don't know" he shrugged.

"I gotta have it, Sir!"

"And I gotta give it to you soon!" he hoarsed.  While continuing to
finger bang me like no tomorrow, he never took his eyes off the road.
I opened my butt and let him bang me sloppy.  I don't know how long we
were at it, but I'm sure a trucker or two might have gotten a good
show.

We were speeding down I-5 through southern Orange County when he seemed
to suddenly have an idea.  He took the San Onofre exit and headed south
along the freeway.  Just past the Nuclear power station is a long
parking lot.  Contreras guided the little truck past the last beach
goers, past some campers and into the southernmost reaches of the
parking lot.  He parked where we were alone.

I was turned sideways to him and had my butt and both feet up on the
seat, giving him perfect access up my pant leg.  He shut the engine off
and turned to face me.  With his fingers still diddling my butthole, he
leaned over and planted a wet one on my mouth.  It wasn't just a
normal, everyday, run-of-the-mill kiss either.  It was a man's kiss.
Open mouth.  Lips crushing against one another.  Tongues dueling.
Bites on the lips.  Half laying on me, he continued to work my innards.

Tearing at his shirt, I pulled it across his belly, up over his hard
and protruding pecs.  He stopped his oral assault only long enough for
me to raise his shirt over his head and throw it on the dashboard.
Wedged up against the seat and the steering wheel, he hesitated for a
moment, giving me an eyeful.  There, in all his fur covered glory he
was.  My hot fucking Sergeant man.  Stripped to the waist.  In a flash
he came at me again open-mouthed.  We were ravenous for one another.
It was clear at that point that we were going to tear one another up,
parking lot be damned.  Nothing was going to stop us.  We were going to
mate.

Contreras pulled at my shorts and had them around my ankles and off
before I even knew what he was doing.  Next came my shirt.  Then he
slowly slid his fingers back inside my slippery mansnatch.  While
suckling on my aroused nipples, he methodically pushed and pulled his
digits in and out of me, causing me to gape open a little more each
time.  He swooped down and sucked my sword in his hot mouth in one
movement.  I was buried to the balls in one wet cavern while my own wet
cavern sucked tight against my man's moves.  Fuck, his head was sweet.
Holding him by his high and tight, I felt like skull fucking him until
I seeded his throat.  But the night was young.  I had no idea how heavy
duty we were going to get but I did know that I was going to get
fucked.  The Sergeant slurped dutifully on my bone all the while he
kept up the prefuck action in my butt.  Just as suddenly as he'd gone
down on me, he stopped.

"Get your ass in the back!" he barked as he unfastened the rear window
latch.  Sliding it open he motioned for me to crawl through into the
back.  I gathered my senses and started to move, but as I attempted to
sit up he never pulled his fingers out of my slash.

"Oh, fuck, Sarge!" I brayed as the movement caused my swollen prostate
to squeeze against his knuckles.

"Yah, Lance Corporal?"

"What're doing to me?"

"I'm finger bangin' my man, Stud" he whispered as he slid his fingers
along my joy nut.

"Ahhhhhh!" I moaned.

"Like that shit, huh?" he grinned.

"Do me, Sir"

"Do you what?" he teased as he dug at that magic knob inside of me.  As
he did so, my hole flared open allowing him to slide yet another finger
in alongside the other two.

"Do me deep, Daddy" I begged in a hoarse whisper.

"Oh, yah.  Daddy's gonna do you deep all right" he soothed as he gently
removed his digits.  "Crawl in back for your Daddy" he commanded.

With an empty butt I quickly moved through the window and onto the
mattress in the bed of the truck.  I barely had enough time to roll
onto my back before the larger man moved through the window on top of
me.  He'd shucked his shoes, but he still had his shorts on.  Because
the shell ceiling was so low, we were constantly in a prone position.
With barely enough room to move, he struggled with them until he got
them down over his hips to his ankles and off.  All the shuffling and
pulling had only served to move us together so that when he was naked
all he had to do was relax and lay down on me.

All at once we moved together.  Our mouths connected.  Our chests and
bellies rubbed together.  Arms wrapped around one another.  Two hard
man cocks throbbed together.  I felt his heavy scrotum, heavy with
manseed, lay across mine.  With the force of a man, he pushed my legs
apart with his knees, allowing him to grind his manhood against mine
with more force.  While his tongue danced in my mouth and his cock
dueled with mine, I rubbed the inside of my thighs against his hairy
legs.  With a force only two rutting men can know we moved together for
maximum skin to skin contact.  The man moved constantly on me, making
me pull him close for more.  His dry humping was beginning to be very
wet.  The hood on the man's meat was pulled back and copious amounts of
precum were flowing all over us.

I just wanted to be taken on the spot.  Lifting my legs, I exposed more
and more of the sensitive skin between my legs.  I was surrendering to
the aggressive moves of my Sergeant Stud.  And he took every advantage
of that.  Inside of a few minutes I had my legs as far apart as they
could go and they were drawn back against my sides.  Mando had full
access to that which he wanted most.  And what I wanted to give him
most.  Still sucking face, the skilled lover moved deftly between my
legs and slid his slippery shaft up and down the length of my asscrack.
Needless to say, my pucker was distended and sucking at his Rican rod.
Sarge's breathing got harder and harder.  I don't know if it was the
action or the environment or perhaps both, but he was like a wild man.
It was a no-brainer that if a cop were to come patrolling the lot we'd
be in deep shit.  Though it was dark, we had no covers over the windows
of the shell and nowhere to hide if somebody came knocking.  But we
were two young Jarheads with more spunk in our balls than sense in our
heads.

The man terrorized my body something fierce.  He tore at my neck like a
sex-starved vampire.  He licked and bit with force and I hoped that it
was all on this side of a hickey.  Shit, I didn't even care.  If my
Sergeant would have fucked me all night long like that he could have
sent me back to CamPen with a body full of visible hickeys for all I
cared.  I tore at his skin as he worked my neck.  Clawing at his back
and hairy butt, I pulled him around on me, making sure his cock slid
over all the right places.  That stoked his fire.  The powerful man
sucked down my neck and onto my hard nipples where he gave new meaning
to tit play.  He damn near had me shooting my spooge the way he worked
my tits.  Just when I thought I couldn't stand the heavy-duty work over
on my chest, Sarge slurped his way across my rippled belly and devoured
my sides, just above the waist.

"Oh, God, Sarge!  NO!" I yelled, thrashing about.  But he was
determined.  The stronger man held me down and had his way with my
sides and abs.  I cried out and begged for mercy but it all fell on
deaf ears.  It was futile to try to push him off of me, but I
instinctively tried none-the-less.  A nano-second after I could no
longer stand it, he suddenly changed courses and gobbled down my
pounding prick.  In an instant he'd sucked the entire length of me.  My
buzzing cock head was surrounded by the hottest and sweetest throat
muscles a man could own.  Swallowing time after time, he milked my mule
for all it was worth.  Concurrent with that he slid first one then
another finger inside of me.  Like a master he stroked my crazy nut and
sucked my cock at the same time.  I thought I'd died and gone to
heaven.  I pushed my ass out onto his fingers, sliding my swollen
asslips down onto the web of his fingers.  He was in knuckles deep and
I was in outer space.

Just about the time I thought I was going to blow, the intuitive
manlover slurped his way from my bone to my butt.  In one long and
smooth move, he zeroed in on the ass he knew he owned.  As his tongue
slid across my balls, I relaxed my sphincter, allowing him to pull his
fingers out.  My horny hole gaped open and empty, but not for long.
Just seconds later, Mando closed in on my butt with an open mouth.
Parting my asslips with his tongue, he tongued them lovingly until the
spread wider and invited him into my depths.  I distinctly remember the
way he tasted the super sensitive flesh just inside of my sphincter.
That flesh that rarely feels the touch of a man's mouth because it's
usually drawn very tight.  Mando pushed my ass in the air and I raised
my legs even higher.  The next thing I knew I felt the ceiling of the
shell.  Just at my toes was a cross support.  Pushing against it gave
me awesome leverage to move my slut-slash over the lips and tongue of
my Latin lover.  The man shamelessly feasted on my innards as I
surrendered more and more of my entrails to him.

The sounds of a man on a mission filled the cab.  Mando ate my ass like
a starving man, filling me with slippery saliva all the while.  My rock
hard Billy club pulsated against my abs, leaking a constant stream of
prefuck slick the whole time.  I reached down and pulled my hole apart,
giving my Sergeant full access to my guts.  Sucking and chewing, he
moved us up onto yet another level of man to man sex.

"Oh, M-A-N-D-O !" I groaned.

"Fuckin' eatin' your hole, baby" he blurted out while munching.

"Get in there deep, Sir!"

"Ummmmmmmmmmm!" The sound reverberated through the core of my being.

"I want you, Sarge!  I want you inside of me!"  And I did.  Big time
badly.

"Oh, fuck yah!" he panted.  That's all he needed to hear.  He lifted
his face from my butt, replaced it with his burgeoning bone and slipped
effortlessly into the sweetest hole he'll ever know.  Pushing down hard
with my internal muscles, I was able to relax enough to let my man
probe inside of me, never stopping until he mashed his short curlies
and his sagging balls against my asslips.  In doing so, he'd pushed
right through that second sphincter with his knurled knob.  There
really hadn't been any pain, just a bit of pressure.  The sensation was
one of intense pleasure.  In one long and slow plunge my man was buried
balls-deep inside of me and it made my toes curl.

"Ay, Mijo!" he groaned.

"OH, GOD, MANDO!" I cried out desperately.  Again, only you confirmed
bottoms out there in the world can possibly understand what I felt at
that moment.  My Sergeant began moving inside of me and it took my
breath away.  And when I stopped breathing another inch or so of my
fucktunnel distended down on my lover's sword.  I was his sheath.  And
he was my weapon.  And we were one.

Masterfully, the Hispanic hunk started his fuck for the friction he
needed so badly.  Millions of sensitive nerve endings in my mancunt
were stimulated by his flared knob where still more millions of nerve
endings were stimulated.  Both of us moved with the fuck.  He, plunging
down into my deepest recesses.  I, pushing my love hole up onto his
spear, goring myself in return.  What started out as a slow fuck
quickly progressed to the point where he was sawing into me with
amazing regularity.  From my position with my feet on the ceiling of
the shell, I was able to move my hole around on his rutting rod,
reaping nothing but pure pleasure in return.  It drove me wild.
Grabbing onto the fur covering his hard buns, I pulled the hung and
virile Stud in and out of me.

In the back of that mini-truck my lover showed me just how intense
mansex could be.  Sure, I'd been righteously fucked before that, but
this was different.  It was raw.  It was real.  It was certainly all-
male. But it wasn't fucking.  It was more than that.  He wasn't fucking
me.  We were giving to and taking from one another alternately and
concurrently.  I guess you'd call it making love.  We mated that night
and long before it was over we both knew that we'd found a soul
brother.

With amazing stamina, Armando did me deep and wide.  Laying on me, he
penetrated to maximum depth while he slobbered all over my mouth.  The
musky scent of my ass on his mouth added to the pleasure.  The man's
furry belly was coated with a slick layer of my precum.  Faster and
faster he jack hammered into me, sprinting towards the finish line.
Long and hard strokes from deep inside that pleasure pit past my second
sphincter to completely out of my guts, the man fucked into me with
furious force.  Suddenly, the ball crushing force of his dangerous
Devil dog bottoming out in me then raking over my inflamed joy button
and his furred abs rubbing against the super sensitized trigger ridge
of my own meat got to me.  In no time I was locked and loaded.  My
balls had snapped up so tight against my shaft that I could no longer
feel them.

"Fuck him!" I screamed, referring to myself.  "Fuck him harder, Mando!
FUCK HIM OFF!"

"Goddamn, Baby, you're gonna get me off for sure!" he panted.

"Get your nut, Fuckstud!" I begged, clawing at his rump.

"MIJO!" he blurted.  "I'm gonna fuckin' blow my load!" he said just
before I blew myself.

"AHHHHHHHH!  DADDY DICK!" I yelled as rockets of rod sauce ricocheted
between our bellies.  I could feel my ring of muscle clamp down ultra
tight on his probing prick as I blew my balls off.

"Fuckin' gonna cum, Baby!" he panted.

"OH, YAH!  SHOOT YOUR SAUCE, SIR!" I pleaded as my powerful orgasm
wracked through me.

"Goddamn, Gyrene!" he wailed.  "Fuckin' seedin' you RIGHT NOW!
AHHHHHHHHH!"  I felt that familiar heat of a man's load being shot into
my butt.  Right there in front of God and everybody, my lover and I
shared our most powerful orgasms yet.

Sergeant Contreras just could not stop humping me.  Despite the fact
that he'd shot me full of every drop of sap he had, he just couldn't
stop the short jabs that make a perfect cum just fucking amazing.  With
tremendous agility, he spun me around on his still hard bone so that he
could lay on my back and remain buried in my butt.  God, that felt
good.  There's nothing like being freshly fucked, full of fuck snot and
a man's proud prick buried inside of you.  For the next several minutes
we continue to take pleasure from one another until, eventually, our
senses got the better of us.  Still pretty hard, Armando slowly pulled
out of me.

"Whewie!  You are fucking amazing, Sean!"

"Me?"

"Fuck an-A right, Stud" he continued.  "How the fuck can you take
that?"

"Cause it's you giving it to me"

"No really, man"

"I'm serious" I explained.  "You are the reason I put out"

"Hard to believe" he said skeptically.

"Sir, I live to be bred by you"

"Don't talk like that, Stud" he cooed, wrapping me in his arms.

"Why not?  It's true"

"It's just hard for me to believe that you actually want to take it in
the ass from me"

"Why is that so hard to believe"

"'Cause getting fucked in the ass hurts, man!" he chuckled.

"Do I sound like I'm hurtin'?"

"No, not really.  In fact you make sounds that say you're totally into
it"

"I am, Sarge"

"And those sounds fuckin' turn me on!"

"Then don't worry about me"

"Ok"

"And Sarge?"

"Yah?"

"That ass is yours"

"Yah?"

"All yours" I explained.  "So don't ever stop fucking me"

"Ay, Mijo!  As long as you need it, I'm your man"

We didn't lie around there too long.  After all we were pretty exposed.
After we cleaned up a bit, we dressed and headed south again to CamPen.
Armando dropped me off on base.  I watched him drive off and instantly
regretted that we couldn't be together for the night again.  Oh, I was
too fucked out to even think about more sex, but it was the fact that
we'd both sleep alone that got to me.  It was a huge let down from an
otherwise awesome weekend.  Walking back to my quarters, I felt a
little dejected.  I didn't know where things were going to go with
Contreras, but I sure as hell didn't like how our living arrangements
interfered with the possibilities.

When I walked into my quarters my roommate was there.  He'd just gotten
in from a wild weekend himself and couldn't wait to tell me about it.
I hardly heard him.  Before long I climbed into my rack and drifted off
to sleep with the scent of Mando on me.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2000 01:00:17 PDT
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 6: Sergeant Armando Contreras: Initiation

A Few Good Men 6:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Initiation


Note:  The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 5, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1,
precedes the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all
contain sex between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details
of sex between consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is
not allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been
warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to
clear up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good
Men series is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been
changed to protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the
best memories I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took
place in the very early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we
really didn't practice safe sex because it was the very beginning of
the health crisis and safe sex with condoms didn't really come into
play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with
lots of mostly military guys back then and, luckily, am still negative
all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write
about.  I just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with
your comments.  Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all
rights to this and all the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.





The next thing I saw was light coming in through the window.  It was
07:00 hours and, despite the fact that we'd only been asleep a few
hours, I was wide-awake.  It was an hour later than I was used to
rising.  Contreras was sound-asleep.  He didn't even have a morning
hardon yet.  Slipping from his arms, I stole out of bed.  Grabbing my
ditty bag, I made my way to the head.  Sleepily, I moved through my
normal morning routine before jumping into the shower.

The hot water felt refreshing as it rushed over my body, washing our
leavings away.  Hoping that the action between my Sergeant and I would
continue, I carefully cleaned myself inside and out.  Just the thought
of him sleeping nude in the other room made me horny all over again.
When I'd finished cleaning myself my asslips were swollen and sensitive
to the touch.  That made me crave him even more.  I heard him come into
the bathroom and piss.

"Morning, Stud" he called out.  I was standing with my foot up on the
side of the tub and fingering my horny hole.  My natural butt lube had
coated my fingers and they were buried to the web.

"Morning, Sir!" I called out from the shower, never missing a beat.

While he washed up and brushed his teeth, I continued to diddle myself
just a few feet away.  I was too far into it to stop.  While the hot
water rained down on the front of me, I worked my boner while my butt
sucked at the 3 fingers I had stuffed inside.  I was really getting
into it when suddenly I felt his hand on the inside of my thigh.  I
craned my neck to see what was going on behind me only to see that he'd
parted the shower curtain slightly and was transfixed on my ass.  He
saw me move my head.  We made eye contact.

"What's goin' on here, Country Boy?" he cooed as he ran his hand over
my ass and into the crack.

"I got a little horny, Sir" I rasped.

"I can see that, Little Man" he smiled.  "Can two play this game?"

"Two is better than one" I stammered.  He immediately stepped into the
shower and wrapped himself around the backside of me.  After pulling my
fingers out of my butt, he ran his own over my slick asslips.

"All clean?"

"Inside and out"

"Good boy!" he spat, slipping one of his fingers past my sphincter.  I
was so hot for him that there wasn't even a hint of resistance as he
slowly slid it in to his knuckle.  The friction of his unlubricated
digit against the walls of my slippery asscunt caused my hole to
restrict around him, squeezing more butt lube out.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, yah!" I purred as he began to work my hole.  He bent me
over for a better angle into my guts.  Warm water poured over my back
and all over the front of him.

"Oh, fuck, Man!" he whispered.  "You're so fucking wet and warm
inside."  He pulled his finger out and replaced it with another.
Slowly fucking it in and out, he had my manhole gaping in no time.
When he did, he wasted no time fingering me with two fingers. The
friction felt odd but totally pleasurable.  My butt muscles alternately
gaped and undulated around his probing digits.

"Oh, Sergeant!" I called out, wrapping my fist around my pulsating pud.
As soon as I did, my hole clamped down tight on his fingers.

"Take your hand off your dick, baby" he cooed.  "I want you open and
loose."  I did what I was told.  Putting my hands on my knees, I bent
over further and pushed my fuck tunnel down on his hand.  I was pretty
certain that I was going to get fucked soon and the thought of that
made me whorish.  In no time I had a gaping and oozing fuckhole that my
Sergeant was working with 3 fingers.  He moved in closer and I could
feel his hard prick up against my leg.

"That's it, Sarge!" I panted as he pushed against my prostate.  A solid
line of precum flowed from the head of my dick into the water running
down the drain.  I held on to the soap tray and pushed my butt back
into the strong man's moves.

"I'm gonna have to put it to yah, Boy" he stated as he rubbed his cock
against my asscheeks.

"Go easy on me, Sir" I pleaded.  I mean, I was hot for him big time,
but I was nervous about the size of him.  We had no lube and I didn't
have any poppers either.

"We're gonna take it slow" he announced.  The walls of my mancunt were
inflamed.  Copious amounts of butt lube was flowing out of me as fast
as my hole could make it.  Sarge spread it over his raging rod as he
rubbed it across my asslips.

As he removed his fingers, my confused sphincter started closing.
Before it clamped shut, Contreras moved his knob into position.  With
just a bit of pressure, he popped just inside of me before stopping.
If he'd pushed any further it would have hurt like hell.  But he
didn't.  With just the head of his dick inside of me, he ran his hands
all over my back.  Leaning over me, he gently squeezed my tits.  That
action set me on fire!  Each time he squeezed it sent a bolt of
electricity to my groin.  My hole relaxed around his powerful prick.
Despite that, he didn't push any deeper inside of me.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" I moaned.

"You ok, Stud?" he asked.

"Oh, fuck yah!"

"Doesn't hurt?"

"No!" I lied.  He pushed a couple of inches in.  It fucking hurt like
hell!

"Oh stop, oh stop, oh stop!" I pleaded.  He instantly pulled back.
"Don't pull out!" I instructed.

"Ok, baby, let's just take it slow" he soothed, leaving just the head
inside again.  "Do you wanna stop?"

"No way" I said, "just give me a moment to get used to it"

"Yah, there's a lot of meat there, Stud.  You sure you're up to it?"

His concern was genuine.  That and the way he was touching me went far
in relaxing me.  We worked at it for a couple of minutes until I just
had to have him.  I reached the point that I didn't care how much it
hurt. I needed to be taken by him.

"Give it to me slow, Sir" I begged.

"You take it as you can, Boy" he instructed.  And so I did.  Slowly I
began backing up on that steel hardness.  It wasn't the biggest cock
I'd ever taken but then I wasn't fully lubed up either.  I humped and
withdrew my butt on the length of him, letting only the discomfort of
his girth stop me.  The more I did it, the more I wanted it.  It wasn't
too long before I was fucking myself on 4 or 5 inches of him.  It felt
so good.  Especially when his hardness raked over my joy button.  Once
I started working that my hole flared open some more.  That's when I
had the overwhelming urge to be penetrated deeply.  I don't know what
got into me---no pun intended---but I suddenly pushed back hard and
impaled myself on that Rican rod.  It hurt at first, but I took it like
a man.  Like a Marine.

At that moment I understood why we were called Grunts, because that's
what I did.  I grunted hard and held my guts tight to the invasion.
All the stories of hard bodied men in the Corps training for pain
tolerance and endurance came back to me.  One tale that told is that
all Marines loved to get fucked in the ass.  Though I could personally
attest to it, I knew that it wasn't true.  It painted a pretty picture
though.  I thought of another story that told of Grunts going to a
bathhouse to take on as many men as would fuck them in one night.  I'd
actually met a guy at my first duty station that did it.  He'd plant
himself on all fours with his back and butt toward the door and take on
all comers.  By the end of the night he'd been bred by countless men
who'd just walk in, push their hard cocks inside of him, fuck and rut
until they got their nut and then leave.  For the next several days
after that this guy was so sore he could hardly walk.  But he'd go
right back and do it again the next week.  Grunting all the time.

"Fuck, Sean!" he hissed.  "You've taken almost all of me!"  With all
that was going on at that time, I remember being pleased that he'd
actually called me by my first name.  I was sure it was the first time.

"Give me a minute, Sir and then fuck this man's ass!"

"You couldn't stop me now, Country Boy"

"Just let me get used to it" I stuttered, trying to move fuck myself
onto him.  I hissed and held still.

"You ok, Baby?"

"Yah!" I grunted.  "Jesus, Sir!  That's a big fucking dick!"

"Yah, it's a lot to take.  We don't have to do this you know," he said
compassionately.

"Oh, yes we do!" I announced, holding him in place.  After a minute of
slow jabs we both started moving in unison.  Then his hips started
bucking.  I pushed out against him, letting him fuck deeper into me.
Before long he was fucking me at a pretty good clip, but it was hard
for me to remain on my feet.  The water in the shower had changed from
warm to tepid and was headed toward cold when my Sergeant took control
of the situation.

"Turn off the water" he ordered.  I did so while he pulled the shower
curtain back.  "Let's get you on the bed, ok?"

"Uh, huh" was all I could answer.  He started to pull out before I
shouted, "No!  Don't pull out!"

"No problem!  No problem!" he laughed.  Pulling me up until I had my
back against his chest he wrapped his arms around me and gripped on
tight.  "Pull your legs up, Stud!" he whispered in my ear.  With
caution, I lifted my right leg and hooked my foot behind his knee.  "Go
ahead, lift up the other one," he encouraged, lifting me up.  When my
foot came off the ground I wrapped it behind him like the other.  I was
fully impaled on the man's cock and the realization didn't escape me.

The bigger and stronger man then slowly stepped out of the tub one foot
at a time, carrying me with him.  Soaking wet, he cock-walked me all
the way to the bed where he attempted to set me down easy.  Well, the
intent was good but the execution was a little difficult.  What ended
up happening is that the two of us fell onto the bed, driving his poker
deep inside of me.  I needed a little time to recover from that so, for
a couple of minutes, we just lay there.  When I thought I'd recovered,
I started bucking my butt up onto his hardness.  It felt great and
before long he was making his manly moves inside of me.  That lasted
just a couple of minutes before I had to call a stop to it.  There
simply wasn't enough lubricant and I was started to hurt.

"I need a break, Sergeant" I announced.

"No problem.  What's up?" he asked as he slowly withdrew his turgid
tubesteak from my guts.

"Not enough lube"

"Got any?"

"In my bag."  He jumped up and rummaged around until he found it.

Returning, he spread the slick gel in my asscrack.   Then he started
probing my guts with his fingers once again.  I was a little sore from
the earlier action but the magic he was making with his fingers felt
too good to stop him.  The man was a master at ass work.  Using plenty
of lube, he fucked my sphincter open once again.  Then he pushed the
small bottle into my hole and squeezed gobs of the slippery stuff
inside of me.  In a flash he plugged my gaping gash with the spongy
knob of his weapon.  Ever so slowly and with steady pressure, he filled
me with almost all 9 inches of the hardest and horniest man tamer I'd
known in quite a while.  He hit bottom with about 2 inches to go and I
made him stop.  That's when he started a slow and easy fuck that felt
good right from the start.  Though taking dick on my stomach is not my
favorite way of fucking, with Contreras it was awesome.

"That's it, Sean" he purred.  "You just relax and take my dick, baby!"

"Fuck me in the ass, Sir!" I begged.

"Oh, yah!  We're in the groove now, aren't we, Stud?"

"UHHHHHHH HUUUUHHHH!" I groaned as I pushed my hole back onto his cock.

"Fuck yah!  Grind that ass on that cock, baby!" he encouraged.

"Do me, Sarge!  Do me deep" I pleaded.  The movement of his meat inside
of me stirred something in my guts that made me want to take his dick
forever.  The bigger man pushed deeper into me and banged painfully
against that second sphincter deep inside.  "UHHHHHHHHH!" I groaned in
pain.  He pulled back a bit but never stopped putting it to me.  Once
he'd withdrawn a couple of inches we were back to nirvana.

For the next several minutes he dick danced me around the bed.  The
action was so intense in my ass that I alternately crawled away from
him only to push back and impale myself as deep as I could stand.
Contreras was really getting into the fuck.  His breathing was labored
and his hips were pile-driving his fuckpole faster and faster into my
tender flesh.  My hole was a little sore and the heavy action made it
impossible to hold muscle control for a prolonged period.  Finally I
just surrendered to the moves of my top man.  It seemed like all my
muscles relaxed, including the ring holding tight against the exquisite
girth of the man rutting inside of me.

"OH, WOW!" he hoarsed as all resistance against his brutal bone ceased.
"Now that's a hot fuckin' hole, Sean!"

"Uhhhhh!" was all I could say.  Actually he fucked that groan out of me
every time he speared into me.  Collapsing directly on top of me the
strong man tore into me with tremendous strength.  Kicking my legs
further apart he ground his short curlies against my gaping asslips.
For the next several minutes I was a wide open fuck tunnel giving in to
the needs of a man in search of his nut. Faster and faster he fucked
until I could no longer feel his saggy ballsac slamming into my own as
he bottomed out in my butt.

I reveled in the feel of being used by the man.  And what a man he was.
Everything about him exuded maleness.  He bit my neck like the male
animal that he was.  The fur mashed against my body was matted with the
sweat of a man.  The heady scent of a man permeated the air.  He pulled
and clawed with the strength of a man.  And his hard sword slashed
through my slick flesh like a knife through butter as he propelled
himself toward shooting his load.  His single instinctive purpose was
to plant his seed and he was masterful at it.  In his quest for
friction, the strong man fucked me shallow, plunging in and out of what
semblance of a sphincter I had at the moment.

Despite the heavy-duty assfucking I was getting, I was hard as a rock.
He'd fucked a steady flow of precum out of me for long enough that my
naked knob was swimming in it as it was mashed into the sheets.  Simply
by being on the receiving end of a glorious fuck from that Puerto Rican
god I myself was being propelled to an orgasm.  Finally it was obvious
that he was getting very close to getting off.  Short, quick jabs
suddenly turned into long and deep dives and then he buried himself to
the balls as he bathed my guts in ball beer.

"FUCKIN' CREAMING YOUR GUTS, GYRENE!  TAKE MY CUM!  TAKE MY CUM!  TAKE
MY CUM!" he screamed as his spooge scalded my entrails.  That awesome
sensation of being filled with a man's warm spew emanated from the
depths of my ass.  He never stopped fucking me until he'd pumped out
every drop of semen into me.  After he came he lay on my back pawing
away at me.

He was still breathing hard when he rolled me onto my side.  Wrapping
his hand around my woody, my Sergeant stroked me while he licked and
nipped on my neck and ears.  What a sensation!  Filled with 9 fat
inches of some of Uncle Sam's finest meat while a callused hand slick
with lube played with my skin flute.  I only lasted a couple of minutes
before I surrendered to the throes of a mind blowing ball buster.  I
held off as long as I could before painting the sheets with my spew.

When it was all over we just lay there soaking in the feel of one
another.  I don't know how long that lasted, but eventually Contreras'
softening cock slid from my butt, leaving me empty.  Then he got up and
headed for the shower.  I rolled over onto my belly totally fucked out.
It didn't matter that I was lying in the puddle of my own cum.  I was
so contented.  I think I drifted off to sleep because the next thing I
remember was the feel of Contreras playing with my butt.

"Wake up, Country Boy" he cooed as he slid fingers along my gaping
gash.  I was really wet and open.

"Oh, Man!  That feels good!" I hoarsed as I pushed my butt at him.  He
slid one finger inside and mined some of the slick before sliding a
second one in.

"Fuck!" he panted.  "You are so fucking wet and open.  I could just
fuck you all day!"

"I need it, Sir!"

"You do.  And I'll just bet you could take dick all day too, huh?"

"All day" I pronounced.

"Fuckin' hot hole!" he groaned.  "But we don't have time now for
another fuck.  We'll have to get it on later"

"What's up?" I queried, teasing him by pushing my ass up onto his
probing digits as I got onto all fours.  He responded by spreading my
sphincter with his two fingers and playing with my asslips.

"Oh, Stud, this is one hot and juicy butt.  I'm gonna fuck it later
like no man has ever done"

"Do me now, Sir!" I plead.

"Not now, Baby.  We've got to go get those guys and have some
breakfast.  You gotta get up"

"I am up!" I announced as I reached down and wrapped my hand around my
hardness.

"Yah, and so am I.  But we gotta get out of here and spend some time
with those guys for at least a couple of hours" he replied as he slowly
slid out of me.

"Don't pull out!" I begged.  It was too late.

"C'mon, get your ass up!" he commanded, smacking me on the butt.

Reluctantly, I got up and took another shower.  Rinsing our fuck from
my insides left me with a fuckhole that was singing.  I felt alive as I
vigorously toweled myself dry.  When I stepped into a fresh pair of
briefs I loved the feel of the cotton wrapping itself around my hard
asscheeks.  I threw on a pair of shorts and a body shirt and we headed
out the door.  Everything seemed to make me feel good. After all, I was
with the man I'd been so hot after.  The sexual ice had been broken
between us and it was clear we were in for one helluva good time, if
only for the weekend.  He was even more of a Stud than I'd hoped for.
And he was so fucking handsome and built as I looked over at him
driving us down Hollywood Boulevard.  What a hot man I'd gotten my
hands on!  My sore buttlips flared, kissing the cotton of my briefs.  I
ground my butt into the seat to prolong that feeling.  Nothing like
having an ass on fire!

We reached Smythe and Kozinski's room and Contreras pounded on the door
with authority.  It took a couple of times in a minute or so, but the
door finally opened.  Standing there was a sleepy eyed Kozinski who let
us in when he recognized us.  When we stepped inside I saw that awesome
body covered in copper colored fur.  Then I noticed that the boxers he
had on could hardly contain his massive boner.  This guy was super-
fucking hung!  Sticking nearly straight up and tangled in that white
fabric was probably the biggest cock I'd ever laid eyes on.  The front
of his shorts was so tented that the waistband had pulled away from the
man's hard and flat stomach.  If I'd had been standing closer to him I
could have looked right down and seen his cock and balls.  When he
turned around to jump back on his bed I saw that the boxers were pulled
so tight against his butt that there was nothing left to the
imagination.  He stretched out on the bed with that gorgeous fucking
ass in view.  I wanted to crawl down and eat it on the spot.  My line
of vision was not missed by Contreras.  We had quick eye contact and a
smile radiated between us.  He knew what I was thinking.  Smythe was
sound-asleep in the other bed.  The room reeked of beer and heavy
manscent.  The kind of scent that is brewed in a man's armpits, then
steeped with testosterone in his balls.  The scent of a man's crotch
and butt.  The unmistakable scent of men.  My cock stirred.

"Come on ladies!" Contreras barked, "It's time to hit the floor and
head on out!"  He reminded me of a DI I had in boot camp.

"Oh, Man!" Kozinski said.  "It's too early."  Smythe stirred.  They
were obviously hung over.

"What fucking time is it?" he mumbled.

"It's almost 09:00 hours!" Contreras shouted, "You ladies gonna sleep
the day away or what?"

A pillow flew toward us from Kozinski's bed.  "Fuck you!" he groaned
into the bed.

Contreras was not deterred.  Walking over between the beds, he smacked
Kozinski on the ass and slapped Smythe upside the head.  "C'mon!  Get
your asses up!  Get moving."  Both of them groaned and rolled over.
There was that fucking lightening rod Kozinski called his dick.  Fuck,
it was big!  Eventually, with a little more prodding from Contreras the
guys got up.  From the looks of them, they were really hurting.  Smythe
was the first to stumble to the head.  I admired his hard and tight
body as he walked across the room.  After a couple of minutes we heard
the shower going.  Kozinski sat up in bed.  For a few minutes we had a
conversation with him.

"What happened to you guys last night?" he asked.

"We had car trouble.  Blew a belt" Contreras answered.

"Ah!" he nodded.  "How late did you get in?"

"About 23:00 hours.  This place was already full.  We were damned lucky
to find a room down the street"

"Yah, most places were when we got here.  Must be a convention in town
or something"

"I hope it's a convention of hookers" Smythe shot from the doorway of
the head.  He was still dripping from the shower. "I need to get laid!"

"Yah, and a hooker's the only woman that's gonna have anything to do
with you!" Kozinski teased on his way to the head.

"Don't you worry about it, `Ski" he said as he ripped the towel from
his waist and snapped the other man on the ass.  That left Smythe
standing there naked as the day he was born.  His cock was decent sized
soft and his balls were just normal.  But the outstanding thing about
him was that the pubic hair around them was almost as blond as that on
his head.  It was pleasing to the eyes.

"What did you guys do last night?" Contreras asked Smythe as he put on
a pair of shorts.

"Drank beer and looked for pussy" the fair skinned man answered.

"Any luck?" I asked.

"Drank a lot of beer" he answered with a smile.

"Hmmmmmm" Contreras said, "so neither one of you got laid"

"That's an affirmative" Smythe nodded.

"Shit!  You'll both be fucking grouchy all day.  There'll be no living
with you!" Contreras teased.

"That's only half true" Smythe chided.

"Yah?" I mused.

"Yah.  I met this girl last night.  She had to work.  Gonna meet her
later and get some action!" he proclaimed.

"Good for you" Contreras complimented.  I flashed on what Smythe would
look like all hard and in action.  He had a great Marine's body and I'm
sure that cock I saw earlier could swell up to something respectable.
It probably looks great surrounded by that blond hair.  Then I thought
about his big fucking mouth.  He just turned people off when he opened
it.  No wonder he didn't get laid all the time.

"What about `Ski?" Contreras asked.

"He struck out again" Smythe answered.  There was an unspoken
understanding in that statement between the two of them.  I knew it was
referring to the fact that Kozinski was not the best looking guy in the
world.  In fact he was kind of homely.  But that fucking body!  That
was right out there for the whole world to see.  It had turned my head
a time or two.  Made me see him in a different light.  And little did
women know that he had a fucking cock that could take them to the moon.
Now that I'd seen that it made me see Kozinski in a new way.  On one
hand I felt sorry for the guy.  On the other I was strangely attracted
to him.

The four of us headed out and had breakfast.  Then they wanted to walk
down Hollywood Boulevard and see all the stars in the sidewalk. It was
kind of interesting to this Texan boy, but not what I'd expected.  When
you're growing up in rural Texas all you hear is that Hollywood is
glamorous and full of movie stars.  All I could see was seedy shops,
run down apartments, cheap-ass Motels and a whole bunch of weird
people.  People with blue hair, body sized tattoos, a series of safety
pins in their ears and noses and lots of street people.  It wasn't at
all appealing.

We weren't out for an hour when Kozinski and Smythe hooked up with two
women.  I was pretty sure they weren't hookers.  It seems they hit it
off pretty well.  Contreras and I stood for about 15 minutes while
those guys talked to these girls.  It seemed that they were all made
for each other.  Smythe was working this one that was loud and brash
with a Brooklyn accent.  Perfect for him.  Kozinski on the other hand
was making time with her girlfriend.  She had huge tits and a nice butt
on her.  But the face!  The girl had been beaten with an ugly stick.
Kozinski simply moved in on her.  It was amazing to watch.  Totally
motivated by his dick, he seemed to woo her with sweet talk.  He looked
over to us, then approached.

"Hey, guys" he started, "um-----it looks like-----um" he stammered.

"Looks like you're gonna get your weenie wet, `Ski" Contreras completed
the thought.

Kozinski smiled broadly.  "Yah it does at that, Sergeant!" he
proclaimed proudly.

"Don't worry about us" Contreras admonished.  "We'll find something to
do," he said, winking at me.  My butthole flared.

"You sure?" Kozinski asked.

"We're sure" I answered.  "You go and have a good time"

"Thanks, guys!" he beamed, turning away.

"Hey!" I snapped.  He turned around.  "Does she know what she's in
for?" referring to his big dick.

The man smiled sheepishly and looked down at the sidewalk.  "I'm gonna
make sure she finds out!" he chuckled.

"Go get her!" Contreras challenged.  And with that he turned and joined
the other 3.  Smythe simply waved and walked away with his arm around
"his" girl, who was running her mouth the whole fucking time.

"Now there's a match made in heaven" Contreras proclaimed as we started
walking down the sidewalk the opposite way.

"Which one?" I asked.

"Both of `em actually"

"Yah, I was thinking the same thing" I continued.  "Especially
Kozinski"

"Yah, me too.  I don't really give a shit about Smythe, but `Ski has it
rough"

"How so?" I asked, knowing the answer but wanting to hear it anyway.

"Well, first of all his face isn't exactly pretty"

"Yah, so.  His body is fucking gorgeous"

"That it is, Country Boy.  But apparently that's not enough for most
women.  He has a tough time meeting them.  A lot of that is just his
low self esteem.  Then there's his other problem" Contreras said with
an air of amusement in his voice.

"That big fucking dick?" I grinned.

"Yah!" he smiled broadly, shaking his head, "can you believe that
thing?"

"That's the biggest dick I've ever seen!"

"For sure!"

"So what's the problem?" I laughed.

Contreras got a little more serious.  "I guess it's a problem with a
lot of women"

"Really?"

"Yah.  `Ski says that a lot of girls won't fuck when they see it"

"Poor guy!"

"Yah.  Can you imagine not being able to fuck?"

"Shit no!  It's only been a few hours and I can hardly stand it myself"

He pushed my shoulder.  "You're insatiable, Stud!"

"You're just figuring that out?" I shot back.

"Man, oh Man!" he hoarsed, wrapping his arm around my shoulder briefly.
Like a buddy would.  "You make me so horny!"

"Likewise"

"Yah?"

"Fuck yah, Sir!  You make me wanna put out for you"

"You really like to do that, huh?"

I turned and stopped.  Looking him straight in the eyes I said
seriously, "It's what I am, Sir.  It's what I crave.  It's what I need"

"Fuck, Stud!" he rasped, looking both ways down the sidewalk.  He
continued, "I'm blown away.  I mean I love fucking with you, but----um-
----I-----uh----don't think I can ever reciprocate"

"You mean put out for me?" I completed the thought.

"Yah" he answered, once again looking around nervously.

I laughed.  "Is that what you thought I meant?"

"Well, yah.  You said you liked doing that," he said innocently.  He
was so fucking hot.  "What are you laughing at?" he asked, smiling.

"This really is new to you, huh?"

"Well, yah" he answered softly.  He looked so vulnerable at that
moment.  Like a man pouring his heart out.  I ached for him.

"God, you make me want to put out on the spot!"

"And you make me want to put it to you" he smiled, "but I'm a little
confused"

"Let's go back to the room and it'll all become crystal clear" I
explained.

When we got back to the room we were hardly in the door before he was
all over me.  Wrapping his arms around me from the back he spoke from
his heart.  "I don't ever want to let you go, Stud!"

I responded by turning around in his grip, pressing the front of our
bodies together.  Looking up into those big brown eyes, "Then don't" is
all I said.

"Oh, Sean!" he replied, squeezing me with his powerful arms.

"Take me, Armando" I begged, using his first name for the first time.
That didn't go unnoticed.  He swelled with pride as his cock swelled
harder.

Because it was the most natural thing in the world to do, our lips
simply moved together into the first kiss we'd shared between us.  It
was awesome.  I mean we'd played around together and came.  We'd blown
each other and even cum in our mouths.  We'd even fucked that morning.
But none of it held a candle to how we both obviously felt when we
kissed.  It was like a whole new door opening.  Our buddies would have
shit if they'd seen us.  There we were.  Two of Uncle Sam's finest
wrapped in one another's arms, their tongues dueling like no tomorrow.
What happened after that was a slow and natural series of events that
eventually led to us naked in bed.

If Contreras was anything, he was a world class kisser.  I should know.
I can unabashedly say that I've been one all my life.  We rolled around
on that Motel bed, sucking face for an eternity before we even explored
one another's body.  The room was bright.  The curtains we're open,
letting the sunshine in, but the sheers were drawn for privacy.  Not
that it would have mattered to us.  We were the only two people in the
world at that moment.  I have no idea how long we were at it, but I
know that we spent hours exploring every inch of one another's body in
that brightly lit room.

I remember sitting on top of him and looking down into his eyes.  While
his hands roamed all over my body, mine did the same.  That handsome
face and those fucking big brown-black eyes were staring up at me.
Even though it was early afternoon, his face was shadowed with growth
from his thick beard.  I grabbed onto his hard pecs and squeezed,
watching the look of lust in his eyes intensify when I worked his
nipples.  I couldn't help myself but grab on to his big arms.  Hard as
a rock, they screamed muscle.  The thick fur on his body started at his
thick neck, swirled around his chest and covered his belly before
diving into this groin area which I was sitting on.  His thick Anaconda
was pulsating against my milk-white ass cheeks.  I was consumed with
lust for this Latin hunk and wanted to give it up to him.

I couldn't stand it any more.  I had to have him.  Reaching up to the
nightstand I retrieved my bottle of lube.  Squirting a healthy amount
up my ass, I spread a large amount on his cock.  Armando was just lying
there with his hands gripping on to the headboard.  He looked down at
his chorizo, which I was holding straight out from his body.  He
watched in amazement as my asslips reached out and kissed his naked
knob, slick with his man honey.  Pushing down, I was able to pop his
glans just inside of me before resting a bit.  Smiling, he looked up at
me.

"Hot fucking man" he stated.

"Yah?"

"Oh, yah!  You've got my cock so fucking hard!"

"So, whaddya gonna do about it, Stud?"

"I'm gonna watch while you fuck yourself up and down on it.  And when
you tire of that, I'm gonna roll you over and pound you into the
mattress"

"Oh, fuck, Armando!" I trembled as I slid down on his turgid tube.

"YAAHHHH!" he hoarsed as my white-hot ass guts engulfed him.  "Goddamn,
Sean!  You are fucking amazing!" he said.

"Like that?" I asked, barely able to speak.  The sensation of being
filled by the man was taking my breath away.

"Oh, you have no idea how damned good that feels!" he rasped.

"It couldn't feel any better than it does on this end" I whispered as I
sat further down on the pole.

"Your ass is so fucking warm!"

"Your cock is so fucking hard!"

"Sit down on it!  Take it all inside of you"

"Make me take it, Armando!" I pleaded.  Pushing his hips up he pulled
my ass further down on him, driving another couple of inches inside my
manhole.  I was on fire!

"Open up for me, Sean" he spat.  Just the thought of doing so made my
butthole gape.  Another couple of inches slid inside of me.  His eyes
rolled back in his head.  Finally I couldn't take it any longer.  Just
seeing him lying there, feeding me dick got the best of me.  I sat down
abruptly on his cock.  Pushing out against the discomfort, my hole
flared, pushing my distended ass lips against his gonads.  I was all
the way down on his huge tool!  It felt great yet there was a bit of
discomfort deep inside of me.

For about 15 fabulous fucking minutes I bucked and ground up and down
on that powerful prick while he lay there with his hands intertwined in
the headboard like he was handcuffed there.  Because I was in complete
control of the angle of penetration I kept the action going so that it
was nothing but pure and unbridled buttfucking pleasure.  Alternating
faster then slower, deeper then shallower, on and off, in and out, I
succeeded in nearly fucking myself off.  I didn't dare touch my
tortured tool which jutted hard and straight up from my short curlies.
I was really on a roll when the action got the best of Contreras.  I
could tell he was getting close, as I was sitting on his tightened
ballsac each time I bottomed out on his glorious gladiator.

Finally the action was too much for him to be merely a bystander, as it
were.  He grabbed my hips and forced his cock in and out of me with an
intensity that had lay dormant for quite a while.  As any man will do,
he fucked his cock deep inside of me for maximum friction.  From the
bed he was pounding his prick into my hole.

"Turn around, Baby!" he commanded.  I started getting up.  "Don't pull
off of it!"

Sitting down full length on his manmeat, I spun around until I was
facing away from him.  What a feeling that was to have a slab of beef
like that turning inside of me!  With great force, the man sat up and
pushed me onto all fours.  Not once did his cock pop out of the comfort
and safety of my mancunt.  With me in a subservient position and he on
his knees, he started humping my hole like a man possessed.  At the
same time he reached under me and worked my man tool.  Inside of a few
minutes and he was nearly over the edge, taking me right along with
him.

It seemed like only seconds later that he was coating my guts with a
big load of cock snot.  As soon as I felt that awesome sensation of the
heat of spew filling up my guts, I rocketed off all over the sheets.
The man was a butt master.  Thankfully, he didn't fuck me hard while we
were getting our rocks off.  At the same time, his moves made it clear
that I was being butt-bred by a he-man and not some twink.  Once again,
there the two of us were.  Me freshly fucked and my Sergeant, my butt
master.  All fucked out and sleepy with sex.

Laying down in the mess of my spunk, I carried the man with me.  He lay
on my back with his still throbbing terrorizer lodged firmly in my
guts.  We drifted off for a nap in a post coital dream fog.  My fuck
tunnel wrapped around my Sergeant's manhood.  Happy as can be.  Some
time later I woke when his prod slipped out of me.  He took that
opportunity to move us slide down to my side.  With his hand cupping my
hard buns, he slipped his fuck finger inside of me.  Mining my depths
for the sick of his spooge mixed with my own butt slime, he pleasured
me slowly.

"I'm gonna give you about a thousand years to knock that shit off,
Sir!" I groaned.

Moving his finger around gently, he found my joy button, which he
pressed against easily.  "I could spend a thousand years exploring your
butt, Sean"

"That's what I wanna hear, Sir!" I moaned.

"You really like taking dick, don't you, Stud?" he whispered as he
fingered by gash.

"Uh, huh.  I'm a bottom, Sarge" I informed him.

"Ahhh!  And because I like to fuck ass, I'm a top!" he said as the
light when on in his head.  It was nice knowing that he'd figured it
out.

"Yah.  And you're my top" I moaned as I drifted off to continue my nap.

When I awoke an hour later, Armando was sound-asleep.  I stole out of
bed and headed to the can for a well needed shower.  Inside of a few
minutes I'd rinsed myself inside and out and was standing in the
doorway of the head watching my Sergeant straighten up the room.
Pushing his way through the bathroom door, he squeezed close and
gripped me.  After he planted a wet one on me, he moved to the shower
to wash the heady manscent off of him.

For the rest of that afternoon and into the evening we drove around the
city while he showed me the sights of Los Angeles and Hollywood.  There
seemed to be hoards of gay men of all kinds everywhere.  Of course, the
ones that stood out were the stereotypical ones.  But still there
seemed to be a lot of regular looking guys everywhere.  You couldn't
help but wonder if they were all gay.

That evening, Armando took me to a little restaurant that served
Caribbean food.  It was a little hole-in-the-wall place that served
great Puerto Rican and other Carib dishes.  I ate fried bananas, or
plantains, there for the first time.  I also tasted the hottest fucking
salsa I'd ever had.  And that's something coming from a Texan raised in
an area with a heavy Spanish influence.  After dinner we walked around
and gawked at the odd looking people on Hollywood Boulevard.  About
22:00 hours we began to get bored.  We were heading back to our room
when my Sergeant began probing me with questions.

"You wanna go have a beer somewhere?" he asked.

"Sure" I answered enthusiastically.  "Know anyplace?"

"Well, actually I do" he grinned.

I liked the grin.  "What kind of place is it?"

"Well, it's sorta a men's place"

"A gay bar?" I said with mock surprise.

"Yah" he answered.  "You game?"

"Hell, I've been game for years" I teased, playing on his words.

"Funny!" he exclaimed with a hint of unease.  "You're so nonchalant
about it, Sean"

"Well, Sir, it's what I am" I said honestly.

"I guess," he said, shaking his head.  "So I'm guessing you've been to
a gay bar before"

I laughed.  "Not if you don't count the _________________", naming the
one in Oceanside that I can't remember the name of to save my life!

"Shit, Dude!  You don't go there do you?" he asked with a bit of horror
in his eyes.

"Well, I've been known to visit there on occasion" I answered
nonchalantly.  "What's up?"

"Fuckin' MPs can bust your ass in there" he stated with genuine
concern.

"Hell, I've seen them in there before.  No big deal" I soothed.

"No big deal?" he exclaimed.  "You could get your ass thrown out of the
Corps!"

"Yah, I could at that" I shrugged.  I continued with a shit-eating
grin, "It's just hasn't played out that way"

"Don't tell me!" he said with surprise.  "The MPs?"

"Yup!  Had a little session with one of `em early on" I confirmed.
Actually I had.  He just happened to be a big old closet case bible
thumping Christian guy that had an affinity for blow-jobs.  He loved
them and I loved giving them.  I gave him head a couple of times before
he got all guilty feeling on me.

Armando stared at me and shook his head.  "I've got so much to learn,
don't I Country Boy!"

"You sure do, Sir!" I shot back.  "Where we headed tonight?" I asked as
I unlocked our door.

"I think you'll like it" is all he said as he followed me inside.

We both moved quickly to change our clothes before going out.  I
disappeared into the head to wash up and when I returned he was decked
out in a pair of 501s and a tight olive green tee shirt.  He looked
fucking hot!  Reaching into my bag I retrieved a clean pair of 501s and
slid into a very tight bright white tee shirt.

"Goddamn, but you look hot!" he said, appraising me.

"Yah?"

"Fuck-an-A, Gyrene!" he continued.  "You're gonna knock `em dead at
this place"

"Yah, what kind of place is it?"

"It's Latin, Stud!  I'm sure you're gonna like it"

Like it!  I loved the place.  It was a very busy place that was packed
full of Latin men that Saturday night.  The music was great.  Being a
country boy, I was more used to good Country music but not at all
unfamiliar with the disco/dance music they played.  I really liked it.
Contreras and I danced a few times to some hot hits before returning to
our standing spot.  While sucking on a cold beer, the music changed to
some Latin music.  The crowd went crazy!  Apparently the song playing
was popular with everybody because the dance floor filled up in a
hurry.  Contreras was obviously familiar with the music too, as he
stood in place and danced to it.  It was a very cool experience for a
rural Texan like me to be surrounded by guys of another culture,
largely speaking another language.

My Sergeant and I stood against one of the bars in the back of the
place, he standing behind and wrapped around me.  The bigger and
stronger man felt great up against me.  Being Jarheads, we'd drawn the
attention of several men in the bar.  While we stood there guys would
come over and speak to us.  Of course, because they were speaking
Spanish they were really speaking to Contreras.  Most were very polite
and after a quick visit they moved on.  Before long however there was a
little crowd in the general vicinity of us.  The sight of us was making
a sensation.  Most of the guys in the crowd were fairly attractive but
not all of them were masculine like I like my men.  Like most gay bars,
there were plenty of queens or chicas as Contreras called them.  He
translated that to me as "girls".

The Sergeant was having a ball.  The gods were smiling down on him that
night.  His good looks drew more than enough attention from the crowd.
Not content with that alone, he sported me about like the proud peacock
that he was.  It's a Latin thing.  Add to that the fact that he was
able to habla Espanol, his native tongue.  Speaking with several guys,
the spoke far faster than I could understand.   Finding that the club
served a beer he drank at home was another bonus for the Sergeant.  He
imbibed freely.  And although we'd dance once in a while to the dance
music, I could tell that is was the Latin music that was the icing on
the cake for him.  Every time a familiar song came on he'd swoop up one
of the crowd and they'd be off to the dance floor to the steps they'd
learned years ago as kids.  He was really in his element.  It was fun
to watch him.

Each time he returned he took his rightful place behind me and pressed
his hard and sweaty body up to mine.  I loved the feel of him.  Holding
me close, he rubbed his plump prick against my backside.  That only
served to get me a little hot and bothered.  Left alone, that would
have been ok.  But my Sergeant couldn't stop there.  His hands were
constantly in motion.  Rubbing my nipples, he made them stand up
straight and hard through my shirt.  Nipping on my ears and kissing my
neck only served to further enflame me.  Try as I might, I wasn't able
to stave off the roaring erection he caused.  So there I was.  Right
out in front of God and everybody with this boner sticking straight up
in my jeans, for all-the-world to see.  That damned Sergeant knew
exactly what he was doing to me.

In the middle of nuzzling and whispering in my ear, he was interrupted
by a man who had approached.  They conversed very briefly before
Contreras introduced him to me.

"Sean, this is Andres" he whispered in my ear.

Looking into the brown eyes in the handsome face, I extended my hand.
"Pleased to meet you, Andres," I said.  I couldn't help but smile.  He
smiled too and shook my hand firmly without saying anything.  The guy
was a fucking knockout.

"He doesn't speak any English" Contreras explained.  The two of them
continued to converse rapidly.  I couldn't keep my eyes off of him.

Though I couldn't understand everything that was being said, I knew
enough Spanish to know that they were talking about me.  Every once in
a while they would gesture to me.  I got the gist that Andres was
complimenting Contreras and telling him something to the effect that he
was a very lucky man. About 30 and 5'10", he was taller than many of
the men in the club.  I'd guess he weighed in about 180.  He had a nice
chest and great arms.  He was a very handsome Latino, just like I like
`em!  The man's voice was very deep and as masculine as he was.  Often
he looked at me while speaking to the man wrapped around my backside.
The words just poured off his lips like honey.  And those lips looked
all the better surrounding a perfect set of pearly whites.  The man was
hot.  He stroked my Sergeant's ego but-good.  Contreras reacted to the
man's praises by holding me closer and rubbing my body.  Andres was
making my Sergeant feel good who in turn made me feel real good.  I'm
afraid my leaking stiffy was making a spot on the front of my jeans,
something that didn't go unnoticed by Andres.  He looked down then up
to me and smiled.

Some guys had asked us if we were going to the Parade the next day and
we confessed that we didn't know about any parade.  Then they drew our
attention to the banners around the bar proclaiming `Gay Pride'.
Unbeknownst to us it was Gay Pride weekend in Los Angeles.  How fucking
dense were we?  That sure explained the `No Vacancy' signs all over
town.  I chuckled inside when I thought of Kozinski and Smythe out
loose on the town full of gays there for Gay Pride Weekend.  The two of
us were invited to a pre-parade party the next day and, having no other
plans, we readily accepted.

The night was getting late.  After several beers and a few more dances,
we settled back into our spot and watched the crowd wind down.
California's bars stop serving alcohol at 02:00.  Normally that would
have been pretty late for me, but not that night.  Even though I was
getting a bit tired, I was horny and happy and didn't want to hear last
call.  I wanted to stand right there forever in my Sergeant's arms.

It must have been about 01:30 or so when Contreras excused himself to
go take a leak.  When he unwrapped himself from my backside I turned to
the bar and ordered a last round for us.  He wasn't gone 15 seconds
when I felt somebody at my side.

"Your Armando is a very lucky man" an accented voice soothed.  Fingers
gently ran up and down my back, causing me to shiver.  I turned my head
quickly and found myself staring in those soulful eyes of Andres.  The
eyes, the face, the mouth, the white teeth and that smile all ganged up
on me.  I was smitten.

"Yah, well I think I'm pretty lucky myself" I answered.  His touch was
soft and insistent, but not overtly sexual.

"You like Latin men?" he asked with that fucking smile.

"Si!" I stated.  Then it suddenly dawned on me that Contreras said he
didn't speak English!  "Hey, wait a minute!  I thought you didn't speak
English!"

"Can it be our secret?" he asked with a conspiratorial smile.

"From who?"

"Armando" he stated.

"There are no secrets between Armando and me" I answered boldly.  He
gestured in a sort of "oh, well" manner.

Unbothered, he continued.  "You're a very attractive man" he said
seriously.

"You think so?" I asked, crinkling up my nose.  That was my standard
answer at the time to a statement I'd heard many, many times.

"Ay!  You are so handsome" the hunky man purred.  The bartender
returned with the beers and while I was paying for them Andres went on.
"It is serious with Armando?"

"I don't know yet"

"You don't know?" he asked incredulously.

"I mean it's too early"

"Que?"

"We've known each other for a while.  But this is the first time we've
been together"

"Been together?" he kidded.

"Yah" I smiled shyly.  "Last night was the first time we, um--------"

"-----got it on?" he completed the sentence.

"Yah"

"Does he make love to you?"

"Yes" I blushed.  He was asking pretty personal questions but he was so
goddamned handsome and smooth that he could get away with it.

"Ay!  If you were mine I would make love to you every night" he
soothed.

For a fleeting moment I envisioned he and I together.  "If I were
yours, I would like that very much"

"If I give to you my phone number, you will call me?"

My mind raced but it took me only a few seconds before I answered.   "I
don't know" I said tentatively, then, "Probably not" with conviction.

"I see," he said with a tinge of disappointment in his voice.  "Do you
find me attractive?" he asked.

With that I laughed a little.  I mean the guy was drop dead handsome.
It seemed silly to me that he even had to ask.  "Of course I find you
attractive.  Very attractive"

"But you will not call me?"

"Not as long as I'm with Armando"

"I see.  You are a one-man man?"

"Yah, I think so," I said before explaining.  "Look, I've had it bad
for Armando for a long time.  I'm gonna see where it goes"

"Very good, Sean.  I like that" he said.  "Armando is a very, very
lucky man.  And he too has, as you say, had it bad for you for a long
time"

"Yah?" I asked as my stomach did butterflies at the thought.  I mean
he'd said it the night before, but it was so cool that he'd actually
told somebody else.

"Oh si!" he smiled that smile again.  Then his face turned serious once
again.  "If things don't work out or if he doesn't treat you well, you
will call me?"

"Sure" I promised, meaning it.  With that he stuffed a card in my front
pocket.  As he did so, his fingers grazed my now semi-woody.  I know he
felt the wet spot.  The man was hot for me so I couldn't blame him for
copping a quick feel.  Still and all I think he lingered a bit too long
so I gently gripped his hand and moved it away.  He smiled sheepishly
like a kid caught raiding the cookie jar.

"Ay!" he hissed, looking down at my basket.  Shaking his head he smiled
and started to walk away, but not before he said, "I would make love to
you every night!"

Not two seconds later Contreras returned.  Backing up against the bar,
he once again took in his arms from behind.  Gawd, that felt good to be
surrounded by a hard hunk of Uncle Sam's finest flesh.  My Sergeant
really did it for me.  He was really amorous that night.  The beer and
the venue had really relaxed him.  It was as if he had no inhibitions.
He continued nuzzling me, caressing me, pulling me tight to him and
grinding his ample basket against my muscle butt.  It was clear that we
were going to have a helluva good time later.

There was a light layer of coastal fog making it a bit chilly when we
walked out of that club.  Without even thinking about it, Contreras put
his arm around me.  We walked the several blocks to the car that way.
Defying the world, we were two macho Marines walking arm-in-arm, out
and open for all to see.  When we got into the truck we couldn't keep
our hands off each other.  That's really where the night's activities
began.  It started with a simple kiss.  Then my Sergeant was all over
me.  It was as if I'd unleashed a madman.  He was mad all right.  Mad
about me.  The man's hands and mouth were everywhere.  I'm not sure who
quelled the action, but we tore ourselves apart and headed back to the
Motel.

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2000 02:29:29 PDT
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 5: Sergeant Armando Contreras: Introduction

A Few Good Men 5:
Sergeant Armando Contreras: Introduction


Note:  The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 4, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1,
precedes the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all
contain sex between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details
of sex between consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is
not allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been
warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to
clear up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good
Men series is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been
changed to protect the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the
best memories I have of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took
place in the very early 80s when I was in the USMC.  Back then we
really didn't practice safe sex because it was the very beginning of
the health crisis and safe sex with condoms didn't really come into
play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm lucky.  I fucked around with
lots of mostly military guys back then and, luckily, am still negative
all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write
about.  I just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with
your comments.  Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all
rights to this and all the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.


After Primer had moved to the east we attempted to continue our
relationship long distance.  We spoke on the phone almost daily at
first, but even that tapered off after a few weeks.  With he in a new
job and I in the Corps, it became painfully obvious that we wouldn't
see each other for a long time.  Even though we had spoken about
weekend visits, neither one of us were in a financial position to be
making weekend plane trips across the continent.  He was very aware of
all of that.  It was I that lived in a fantasy world.  When that
reality set in, it became almost painful to talk on the phone because I
missed him so much.  That's when our contact began to get really
sparse.  I became pretty depressed.  For several months I didn't
venture out much.  I pretty much stayed to myself.  Heading out to gay
bars just wasn't an option for me and after Primer the pursuit of
casual sex just didn't appeal to me.

Primer had been gone for 6 months.  I hadn't gone out or even had sex
with a man the entire time.  At 20 years old that was quite a feat.
I'd thrown myself into my job and had seen the results of that.  Still
and all, I had begun to ache for the love of a man.  My earlier and
wilder days were pretty much behind me.  I'd broken a lot of hearts in
the short time I'd been in the Corps and I wasn't proud of it.  I'd
never given it much thought before, but now that I was still smarting
from a broken heart of sorts, I was a little embarrassed at how
careless I'd been with some of the men I'd known.

Because of my mechanical skills, I had been assigned to a motor pool on
base at CamPen.  That's where I pretty much spent most of my time.   It
was pretty awesome in fact.  I had complete control over the repair
bays and spent countless hours cleaning and organizing them to my
liking.  It took a while, but I finally had the place whipped into
shape and looking like my old man's garage that I'd worked in for so
many years.  The Sergeant in charge was a real task-master.  He had
extensive knowledge of all aspects of cars in general but  military
vehicles specifically.  He was a tough old guy and kind of a hard ass.
But he taught me a lot and I respected him for that.  I'll never forget
the day he announced he was retiring and leaving the Corps.  I felt a
tinge of regret.  I realized that I looked up to him like the Dad that
mine never was to me.  We threw a hell of a going away party for that
Sergeant.

I'd learned early on that the best policy for me was to remain closeted
in the Corps.  Remember this was the early 80s.  A long, long way away
from the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" days.  When I was on base I didn't
allow myself to have thoughts for or lust after other guys.  It just
wasn't safe.  Not only could you get your ass booted from the Corps,
but you could also get your ass kicked but-good if any one of a number
of men even suspected that you were gay.  And at 5'9" and 160 pounds, I
wasn't exactly the biggest guy around so I avoided any kind of
confrontation.  I never went looking for attention on base, but I sure
as hell never discouraged it either.

My blond hair and good looks had turned more than a few heads in my
young life.  It was no different on base.  The piercing ice blue eyes
God gave me didn't hurt either.  Although I really never worked out
heavily, the body I'd sculpted with very little effort was an eye
catcher as well.  Especially my butt, if I must say so myself.  Being
my best asset, I never shied away from showing it off.  High and tight
against my 31 inch waist, it was the perfect bubble.  From the time I
was a young boy my butt was muscle.  With very little effort it's still
hard today.  I always knew my efforts were paying off because I got
comments on my butt.  Even from straight guys.  Of course, they said
different things than the guys that were trying to get into my pants,
but the message was still there.  From the time I'd been taught the
pleasures of buttfucking until Primer had left several months earlier,
I never shied away from putting out to hot men either.  I just wasn't
doing it then.

Not that guys didn't try.  Like I said before, when I was about 13 or
so I became aware of the effect I had on girls.  But it was during the
summer before I turned 16 that I learned of the effect I had on men.
My cleanshaven baby face attracted them.  And it hasn't changed to this
day.  On the other hand, I have always lusted after the dark haired,
swarthy and hairy chested men.  For years I felt inadequate that my
body was nearly hairless.  It wasn't until I was a little older that I
finally understood that, generally, opposites attract.

I kept my nose to the grindstone and never even hinted that I was gay.
That's how I got along so well with the guys that I worked and lived
with.  Sure, some of them were hot, but I couldn't let myself think
about them in anyway other than as fellow soldiers.  When the
occasional aggressive man would let his interest be known, I
respectfully declined.  Mostly because in the wake of Primer moving I
just wasn't feeling sexual.  Go figure that, huh?  In one or two cases
it was difficult, but I knew that if I did anything with them it would
be just casual sex and I wasn't looking for that at the time.  I just
wasn't looking for man to man action.

All of that changed in an instant when I reported for duty the Monday
morning after we'd seen our Sergeant off.  Sergeant Armando Contreras
was introduced to us as the new man in charge of the motor pool.  He
was absolutely fucking beautiful!  I remember him standing in front of
us talking, but I didn't hear a word he said.  All I saw was that light
brown skin and full lips parting around brilliant white teeth as he
spoke.  My heart raced.  My stomach churned with butterflies.  For the
first time in many months, my cock stirred at just the sight of a man.
He had incredibly thick eyebrows.  His big brown, almost black, eyes
were accentuated by very long eyelashes, giving him a seductive, almost
sleepy, look.  The nostrils of his flawless nose flared, belying the
Spanish blood of his Puerto Rican roots.  A square jaw, high cheekbones
and those luscious lips completed the picture perfect face.

He was such a fucking Stud!  Every move he made just oozed natural
masculinity.  His mannerisms,  his posture and  his gestures all
screamed male.  Heavily furred forearms blended into awesome biceps.
Those and his defined pecs stretched his tee to no end.  What a fucking
hunk this Sergeant was!  For the next several days I couldn't keep my
eyes off of him.  I watched him from across the repair bay as he leaned
under a hood. He stood about 6'1" and I guessed he was a little over
200 pounds.  His face was a fucking masterpiece.  He looked to be in
his late 20s.  The dark hair on his head was so thick that even with
his high and tight haircut you couldn't see his scalp on the top.  His
hairline grew down onto his forehead, accentuating his sexiness.

His muscled shoulders tapered down to a 32 inch waist and a pair of
hard ass mounds that seemed to be fighting to escape his cammies.  The
way they molded to his butt was sinful.  The camouflaged fabric almost
seemed to lift and separate each one of his ass cheeks.  All of that
combined made him a wet dream come true for me.  I just wanted to fall
to my knees behind him and feast on his ass.

All of that didn't hold a candle to what I could see he was packing in
his pants.  Yah, we all like to talk about a guy's basket.  But how
often do you really see one.  I mean really see a man's dick.  Oh, sure
there are guys that show a bulge here and there.  But you almost never
see a cock in a man's pants.  Sergeant Contreras was an exception to
that.  Sliding down the right side of his pants was a clearly defined
tube of flesh.  It flopped around against his thigh as he walked.  Damn
it looked big!  It seemed to be about half-hard all the time.  Stealing
glances at it, I couldn't detect the rim of a cockhead so I assumed he
was uncut.  That did it for me! For the first time in months, I thought
about all the nasty things I could do to a man.  He really got the
better of me.  Little did he know that he had become my main jack-off
fantasy.

As any good commander would do, Contreras started the week working with
each one of us on a one-to-one basis.  I knew it was in an effort to
show us he knew what he was doing, but when he worked with me I quickly
caught on that the Sergeant was in a little over his head.  I don't
know how this Rican god got his post, but everyday I thanked my lucky
stars that somebody had seen to it that he was sent to me.  I couldn't
care less how experienced the Sergeant was under a hood.  All I cared
about was that he was as close to me as physically possible.

When we worked together in various positions, I noticed other things
about him.  Like the thick hair growing up and over the top of his tee
shirt.  And at different times when his tee shirt hiked up I saw the
patch that grew above the waistline on his back and his heavily furred
stomach.  The hypnotic manscent that emanated from his body drove me
nuts.  Seemingly unaware, the man set me into a heightened state of
arousal just by being near me.  It excited and scared me all at the
same time.  I knew I'd have to be especially careful around this man.

Needless to say, I was hooked on Sergeant Armando Contreras.  Big time
hooked.  He occupied the greatest amount of my waking thinking time.  I
volunteered my services for every project he proposed.  Because he was
lacking somewhat in his mechanical skills, I could tell he was grateful
I did.  I made him look smart and experienced.  It turned me on to do
so and it made him happy at the same time.  We soon fast became on-duty
buds.

I didn't know much about Contreras.  But I was dying to find out as
much as I could without being obvious.  I learned that he had
transferred from another part of CamPen but that he'd only been in
California for a few months.  Each day like clockwork a buddy of his
would roll in and pick him up after we closed up.  I learned that the
buddy was one of two guys that Contreras roomed with off base.  I was
jealous of those guys!

One Monday morning about 3 weeks after he reported for duty, Contreras
showed up to work driving a beat up Chevy Luv mini truck.  Remember
those?  Some jarhead that was shipping out had sold it to him over the
weekend.  We razzed him about it all day and he took the ribbing with
humor.  Toward the end of the day he asked me to take a look at it.
After duty, I pulled it into my bay and popped the hood. It took about
an hour of tinkering before I was able to give him a rundown on the
truck's needs.  Geez, the thing seemed to need everything!  I could see
the news drain away his good humor.  Needless to say, us grunts in the
Corps don't make a helluva lot of money and the prospect of dumping
most of it into a car isn't exactly appealing.  I offered to help him
out.  He was elated that I'd be willing to do so.  I was elated that
I'd get the chance to be with him more often.

So, for the next couple of weeks, Contreras and I worked on his truck
after duty.  With nobody else around, we got the opportunity to get to
know each other better.  I learned that he'd grown up in Florida and
was one of 6 boys in his family.  The thought of 5 other men who looked
like Sergeant Contreras running around the world merely added a new
dimension to my jack-off fantasies.  In turn, I clued him into my
upbringing and how I wished my relationship with my Dad had been
better.  Of course I skipped the part of getting caught fucking with
Kevin (A Few Good Men 1) and being forced to enlist in the Corps.

It really wasn't that cool to work on personal vehicles at the shop.
Even after duty.  So after doing most of the hard work on base for
several days, we moved over to Contreras' apartment.  He was so much
more relaxed there.  Besides, we could have a beer or two whenever we
wanted to.  I met his two roommates.  Smythe was a Lance Corporal like
me, with about a year until discharge.  He was a white-blond haired guy
from Indiana or someplace.  Reasonably good looking, he was a confirmed
pussy hound with a big mouth.  Luckily he was never around the
apartment much.  The best kind of roommate to have I guess.  Kozinski
was also a Lance Corporal.  He was a stocky and sturdy guy of Polish
descent with copper colored hair,   built like a brick shithouse, but
not the best looking guy around.  Although he and Smythe went out
looking for pussy a lot, Kozinski was more of a homebody.  Though he
was around more, he was a friendly guy and pleasant to have around.

One day, Contreras and I had been working on the truck for hours.
Smythe and Kozinski had invited us to head out on the prowl with them
but Contreras had declined because he said he had a date.  Though I
wasn't thrilled at the thought that he was heading off to some woman's
bed, I was just as happy that I wouldn't have to hang out with the
other two and pretend to look for pussy.  It's just not something I
would do.  We were on about our 4th beer when I felt the call of nature.
I dropped my wrench and headed for the house.

"What's up?" he asked.

"Nothin'.  I gotta take a leak" I answered, opening the screen door.

"Those guys are getting ready to go out, both heads are probably in
use" he announced.  Even though the other guys shared the Master
Bedroom and its bath, they apparently used the hall bath as well.

"I'll manage" I waved, heading down the hall.

Sure enough, both baths were full.  Normally I would have just whipped
it out and pissed outside.  But it was kind of hard to do that in an
apartment complex.  I rapped on the door.

"Yo!" came the answer from inside.  I opened the door.

"Mind if I take a leak?"

"Not at all, come on in" the voice answered from the shower.  It was
Kozinski.

Stepping into the bathroom, I unzipped and did my business.   While I
was standing there I looked around and saw his clothes piled on the
floor.  Amongst his shorts and shirt, were his boxers.  I always liked
the sight of a man's underwear.  Kozinski had a nice ass and it turned
me on a little to see the boxers that he'd been wearing just laying
there.  I turned toward the shower and could kind of see him through
the shower curtain.  It was a clear one with a Budweiser label design
on it.  I really couldn't see anything but an outline of a man in the
buff.  My dick started surging.  Whew!  I thought.  This beer's really
getting to you!

When I returned outside, I suddenly remembered a phone call I needed to
make.  "Hey, Sarge, can I use the phone?"

"Sure" he said, "Use the one in my room.  It's the one on the left."  I
hurried down the hall again.

Reaching the door, I turned right into the inner world of the man I'd
been lusting after for weeks.  The phone was on the nightstand so I sat
on the bed and dialed.  When I was finished with the call  I stood and
quickly scanned the room.  It was neat and sparsely furnished.  Just a
King size bed, a nightstand and a small dresser.  The scent of the man
lingered in the air. I spotted some clothes thrown haphazardly into a
pile over by the closet.  I saw that a pair of his boxers rested atop
some shorts and a tee shirt.  Instantly, I had a half hardon.  In the
distance I could hear Contreras pounding on something under the hood of
the car.  Water was running in the other bathroom and it sounded like
someone was on the phone in the bedroom across the hall.  All residents
accounted for.

Without thinking I crossed the room quickly, stopping at the pile of
clothes.  There, before me, were clothes that Contreras had worn.
Knowing I'd have to hurry, I instinctively reached for the boxers.
Without even thinking I grabbed them and held them up to my face.
Breathing in, I smelled the strong scent of the man I'd come to crave.
My nostrils exploded with smells of his sweat, his dick and his butt.
The front smelled like piss and precum and balls.  The back seam
released that ever-so-sweet smell of a man's ass that I had craved
since adolescence.  Fuck!  How many times have I done this? I thought.
How many men's shorts have I sniffed?  I thought back on that one day
that I'd been caught by my friend Leo doing the very same.   (Described
in detail in "Nailed" in Nifty's Athletic section).  The thought of
Contreras or one of his roommates catching me flashed through my brain.
A sudden chill of fear rushed through me, causing me to drop the
shorts.  In a hurry I bolted out of the bedroom and outside.  Grabbing
my beer, I guzzled its remains before setting the empty bottle down.

"Damn, son!  Slow down there!" Contreras said with a grin.  "What's up
with you?  You're all flushed"

I felt hot in the face and realized that I must be beet-red.  I get
that way anytime I'm excited or embarrassed.  It's my fair skin.
"Must be the beer," I said, wiping my mouth.

"Shit, yah!" he laughed.  "Especially if you're drinking it that way"

We finished up the job on the truck and I packed up my tools.  While I
was doing so, Contreras slipped off into the shower to get ready for
his date.  The other two had already left so it was just the two of us
there.  I was so horny from the beer and being around Contreras all
day.  Hearing the shower water running, I slipped into his bedroom.  I
quickly moved over to the closet and scooped up that funky pair of
boxers I'd sniffed earlier.  Balling them up into my fist I walked out
into the hall.

"Hey, Sarge!  I'm gonna take off now.  Have a good time tonight!"  I
called out to him.

"Yah, thanks for the help on the truck"

"No problem.  I'll see you Monday"

"Ok, buddy"

I hopped in my car and tore ass to my quarters on base, making only one
stop.  That was at a bookstore in Oceanside.  I'd been there a time or
two before.  I scanned the crowd for any familiar faces that may bust
me and, after seeing none, I grabbed a copy of Honcho I think with a
drop-dead handsome Latino on the cover.  Go figure that, huh?  I paid
for and left with it as soon as I could.  It was a big risk taking it
on base, but I was awful horny.  When I got back to my quarters, the
place was deserted.  Being Saturday night that wasn't surprising.  The
guy I shared a room with was gone for the weekend.  All the better for
me.

I shucked my clothes and hopped in the shower I shared with the next
room.  Taking my time, I rinsed myself inside and out in anticipation
of what was to come that night.  It had been a long time since I'd
pleasured myself like I planned.  After drying off I dug into the bag
I'd retrieved from the trunk of my car.  In it was the flesh colored
dildo that I'd bought some time before at the same bookstore in
Oceanside.  Needless to say, it was well hidden inside of something.

Propping pillows up at the head of the bed, I slid naked onto the cool
sheets.  Thumbing through the photo spread of the centerfold, I stroked
myself into 7 steel hard inches.  Yah, I know what you former military
guys are thinking.  Sure, there was the danger of my roommate coming
home early.  But I was pretty confident he'd stay gone the whole
weekend like he said.  No doubt that being super horny contributed to
the chances I was taking.  It also meant that I was too hot, too soon.
I had to be careful not to lose control and shoot my load too soon.
The centerfold's body was awesome.  Huge fucking uncut cock with
massive balls and a hard ass all covered with fur.  Just like I like
`em.  From the centerfold I moved onto a hot stroke fiction story about
a street tough that corners and fucks a young Stud in an alley.  By the
time I finished that, I was hotter than a two-peckered Billy goat.
Turning the light off, I slid a pillow under my ass and continued to
stroke my hardness while I teased my butt with the dildo, which was
slick with plenty of lube.

After a couple of minutes of that my asslips were gaping and my hole
was begging to be filled.  Pulling my legs up to my chest exposed my
hole to the warm air in my room.  Pushing against my sphincter, I slid
the bulbous knob of the toy just inside, where I let it stay while my
ass got accustomed to the girth.  Not so slowly, I pushed the entire
length of the fleshy surrogate inside of me.  I was so horny for cock
that I didn't care if it hurt a little.  I needed dick!  Finally the
ball shaped base rested against my gaping lips.  It had been a long,
long time since I'd been breached and when I felt the familiar feel of
fullness inside of me I instantly regretted not getting dicked more
often.  Suddenly I was the old young-dumb-and-full-of-cum me that
couldn't get enough cock.

While working the entire length of the tool in and out of my hungry
depths, I fisted my rock hardness slowly.  Faster then slower, deeper
then shallow, I worked the entire length of my super sensitive insides.
I worked that tool hard.  Ever the experienced hole, my butt took the
workout well.  God, it felt great to be fucked again.  If only it was
Contreras, I thought.  Contreras!  What a hot fucking man.  And his
boxers were just within reach of my free hand.  As I worked my prostate
over with the knob of my latex friend, I reached down, grabbed the
boxers and brought them to my face.  Over the next couple of minutes I
sniffed every fucking manscent I could out of those shorts while I
stroked myself furiously toward a mind-blowing climax.  As I rammed the
8 inches of pliable latex deep inside of me I fantasized that it was
Contreras that was breeding me.

As the battering ram made friction against the slick walls of my sloppy
mancunt I inhaled the heady scent of the man's crotch and butt.
Sounds of wet flesh being worked over mixed with the soft murmurs only
a man on the receiving end of another man's prick can make echoed in
the room.  My balls were snapped up so tight against my hard shaft that
they had nearly disappeared inside of me.  That and the intense burning
in the joy button I was working hard signaled that I was just seconds
away from spewing.  I wanted it to last longer, yet knew that I needed
the release.  With one last blast of energy I worked the tool deep
inside of me with powerful thrusts as I inhaled fully one last time
through the man's boxer shorts.  The unique manscent of his hole
traveled through my nose, exploding in my nostrils and filled my lungs.
With the full length of the tool buried inside of me I got two
different yet equally awesome sensations.  While the knob was working
on the pain and pleasure of that second sphincter, the shaft pressed
against my prostate which had suddenly swelled hard.  Like a rocket I
was off.  The first spurt just grazed my clean-shaven face on its way
to the wall behind my head.  The second spewed across my cheek and
forehead, just missing my eye.  The third spurt landed on my neck.
After that I lost count.  Long ropes of Jarhead jizz jetted out of my
closely clipped cock, bathing my hairless torso in its warmth.  The
entire episode was over far faster than I would have liked but I
instinctively knew there was more to come.

I lay there coming down off my sex high.  I must have been some sight.
Flat on my back, my legs partially up with a pillow under my hard
bubble butt which was stuffed full of one of the finest male surrogates
available!  My belly and chest were coated with my spew.  Coming down
after a hot session, with or without a partner, is one of my favorite
times.  I lay there in the overheated room thinking just how hot and
stale the air was.  The dildo eventually slipped out of my butt,
leaving me empty.  Butt juices and lube flowed easily from my freshly
fucked hole.

I got up and opened the door, allowing ventilation to flow both ways
through the window in my room and the one at the end of the inside
corridor.   Seeing as though my roommate was out of town for the
weekend and our room was at the end of the corridor, it wasn't likely
that anybody would be peeking in the room.  Besides, the sub-floor of
the building was wood, which allowed you to hear every footstep in the
building.
I cleaned up a bit and returned to bed, exhausted from the day, the
beer and the heavy workout I'd just put myself through.  Knowing that
I'd be horny for yet another session or two with my latex friend, I
kept my set up intact and pulled a sheet over myself.  Content for the
moment, I drifted off to sleep with my friend close at hand.

Some time later I awoke from the noise of somebody returning to his
quarters down the hall.  I couldn't tell who it was, but the noises
told me it was coming from the general quarters which were very close
to mine.  I heard the familiar sounds of a man undressing then walking
to the head and pissing.  Based on the splashing sounds, he seemed to
be a little unsteady on his feet.  I guessed that, like a hundred times
before, these were the sounds of a man who'd been out drinking and
hadn't gotten any pussy.  I envisioned a horny Gyrene pissing through a
hardon.  Finally I saw the light in the head click off and then heard
the man diving into his rack.  Except for a couple coughs and some
breathing, the building went silent once again.

Not five minutes later, I heard the very faint but distinct telltale
noises of a man working his meat.  Soft moans of a man being pleasured
drifted through the air.  Somebody was having a solo jack-off session
and I had an audio ringside seat.  I wanted to know really bad who the
guy was, but knew that if I got out of my rack he'd hear me walking.
Even barefooted and careful I'd be sure to make the floor squeak.  The
longer I heard the sounds, the more it aroused me.  In no time I had
another aching hardon in need of release.  My sloppy hole was itching
for some action as well.

Carefully, I stripped off the sheet covering me.  In a flash I had my
hardness lubed up and was stroking it in what I imagined was unison
with the mystery wanker.  As I worked the super sensitive trigger ridge
under the head, my hole alternately gaped and tightened.  It and all
that surrounded it was still soaked with the lube and butt juice that
had been leaking out of me since my last action.  Reaching down, I
quickly found my hard friend and guided him to my manhole.  Without
even a trace of resistance, I was able to slide him deep inside of me
in short order.  God, it felt good.  I had to stop stroking my cock for
a minute to keep from shooting my wad.  That's how good it felt.  It
was the second fuck of the evening, my favorite.  Always has been and
always will be.  I'm loose and  I'm way wet and I'm big time relaxed
for whatever action a man can give me.  I live for second or third
fucks.

While my buddy down the corridor filled the air with soft yet masculine
moans, I added the sound of a hot and wet hole being worked over hard.
That sound of a long and hard cock sliding in and out of slippery
flesh.  Listening intently to my fellow jacker, I closed my eyes and
lost myself in the moment.  At that moment I renewed my conviction that
I was born to be bred by hot men.  While the Stud down the hall did
what men have been doing since time began, I pleasured myself in a way
only confirmed bottoms can know.  The pleasures on his prick and the
alcohol combined on the mystery man.  He was so wrapped up in the
action that he got louder, which was just fine with me.

After several minutes the action I was stirring in my own guts was
getting the better of me as well.  I knew I wasn't going to last much
longer.  And from the sound of the man down the hall, neither was he.
Finally I spread Contreras' shorts over my face once again and inhaled
his ultra masculine scents.  Once again, that did it for me.  Inside of
a minute or so of that I was getting really close to cumming.  So was
the mystery man.  My mancunt was swollen and distended.  As they do
when I'm taking dick, a couple inches of my entrails were wrapped
around the shaft of my intruder, allowing him greater access to my most
sensitive depths.  Rapid strokes in and out sent the bulbous knob of my
latex lover into and out of the pleasure pit on the other side of my
second sphincter and over my swollen joy button.  I myself started
moaning involuntarily with pleasure.

All of a sudden I heard the Stud down the hall get his nut.  I imagined
a hard-bodied Marine writhing in ecstasy on his rack as he shot his
Jarhead jizz onto his belly.  That vision set me off.  Burying my lover
deep into my depths, I shot another heavy load of cocksnot all over my
chest and belly.  The powerful orgasm overtook me and I later realized
that I hadn't been quiet about it either.  When I came out of the post
unloading fog, I saw the faint illumination of the light down the hall.
I figured the mystery man was cleaning up.  Shit, I thought, why don't
I just go and clean it up for him?  I was too damned horny still.

I cleaned myself up after awhile.  Normally I would have cleaned up and
stowed my latex lover right away, in fear of being discovered.  But
that night I was so horny that I took my buddy to bed with me in hopes
of yet another hot session before the dawn.  It was very hot in the
building still as there was no air conditioning.  I fell asleep on my
belly stark ass naked with the covers off.  I think that I
subconsciously was hoping that some hot stud would come discover and
breed me.

I awoke hours later, after dawn, with a throbbing morning hardon.
Slipping out of bed, I shut my door and proceeded to take dick for the
next 45 minutes or so before I spewed yet another huge load that only a
20 year old can.  Damn, I needed to get laid, I thought.

Seeing Contreras over the next week was sheer torture for me.  I now
knew the scent of his most secret spots and it was driving me crazy.
On Wednesday afternoon he came to me and told me that he'd bought a
second hand camper shell for his truck and wanted to know if I'd help
him install it.  Of course, I jumped at the chance.  That afternoon,
after duty, we set out.  After picking up the shell we headed to his
apartment where we had a couple of beers before starting the job.  We
moved out into the driveway with what was probably our third beer to
get to it.  In no time we had the shell set in place.  I quickly had
the holes drilled and started in on the bolts to fasten it.  Contreras
went inside the house to get another beer.  I was in the bed of the
truck on all fours with my ass in the air when I heard him come through
the screen door.

"Whewie, Lance Corporal" he whistled.  "You got some backside on you
there!  I'm so horny even that's lookin' good"

"You should be so lucky" I shot back.  Crazy thing to say to a straight
man, I know.  But my beer muscles were kicking up.  I guess I was
secretly wishing he'd walk up behind me and fuck me on the spot.

"Yah, shit!  The lucky one is the one who takes this big pup" he
announced.  Seems Contreras's beer muscles were kicking up as well.  I
looked up slightly across the bed to see him cupping a handful of his
cock and balls.  His face was hidden by the shell, so I could stare
with impunity.  Clearly outlined in his hand was an awesome package of
flesh.  My cock surged and burped a heavy bead of precum.

"Aw, shucks, Sergeant!" I shot back in my best Southern accent. "I
didn't know you cared."  We both laughed.

"Sheeeeeeeit!  I had just enough beer and it's been too damn long since
I've been laid" he continued.

I didn't really know what to make of that comment.  I know what I was
hoping for, but was convinced that my lust for him was reading much
more into it than was intended.  That night the two of us hung out at
the apartment and drank a few more beers.  We ordered pizza in and
watched TV. Smythe and Kozinski came home in surly moods after being
unsuccessful out on the prowl.  That's when I decided to leave.  I'd
spent half the night stealing glances at Contreras's body and had
worked myself up something powerful.

The next day Contreras announced that he and his roommates were heading
off to Hollywood for the weekend and invited me to come along.  I
jumped at the chance to be with him for the weekend even if it meant
I'd have to hang out with the other two pussy hounds to do it.  That
Friday after duty, I took off to my quarters to get ready.  The place
was barren, as everybody had split for the weekend already.  I quickly
undressed and headed for the shower where I cleaned myself inside and
out.  Just in case I told myself.

Contreras had told me that he'd pick me up at 18:00.  I was ready for
him but it wasn't until a couple of hours later that he roared up to
the building.  I heard the horn and ran outside immediately.  "Sorry
I'm late, McLellan, I had no way to call you" he said.  I made a mental
note to make sure he had the phone number to my barracks even though
he'd never asked for it.

"Yah, I was wondering what happened to you" I asserted.  "What
happened?"

"Well, I had to run an errand and had a flat on the way.  I had to stop
to make sure we had a spare for the weekend"

"Good thinking, Sergeant" I shot back good-naturedly.  Shit, he could
have come at midnight and I would have still been there waiting for
him!  I threw my bag in the back of the truck, noticing a mattress in
there.

"What's up with the mattress?" I asked as we took off to what I hoped
would be an awesome weekend..

"A friend gave it to me"

"For?"

"You never know when you're gonna need it!" he laughed.

"I was sorta hoping that we'd stay in a motel, Sir" I teased.

"Oh, don't you worry, Country Boy," he said, slapping my knee
playfully, "we'll get you set up in luxury!"

"Make it so, Sarge!" I chuckled.

"Smythe and Kozinski took off hours ago.  We'll meet up with them at
the Motel" he informed as he sped down the road.

Once we got to I-5 things settled down.  We were speeding off toward
Hollywood, a new experience for this Texas country boy.  Contreras
couldn't have been dressed sexier for me.  A semi-tight body shirt
clung to his awesome pecs, leaving his big arms in full view.  To top
that off, the slight scent of a man was wafting from his underarms.  I
had a hardon in no time.  Afraid he might see it I tried to push it
down my leg without him seeing.  It continued to throb and ache and I
guess I paid a little to much attention to it.

"Damn, Son!  Relax there, would yah?" he laughed, pointing to my
crotch.  "We're gonna get that thing fed this weekend, don't you
worry!"  Shit!  He'd seen me.  I turned about 80 shades of red.

"I-----uh------well------"

"Shit!  You're embarrassed aren't you, Country Boy?" he said, pushing
my shoulder.

"Not really" I lied.

"Bullshit!  You're all red!" he laughed. "Hey, it's no big deal.  We
all got `em and we all need to feed `em" he said, happy with himself
for rhyming.

I laughed.  "Yah, I guess when you put it that way it makes sense."
Then I thought about what he'd said.  I slugged his shoulder and said,
"And whaddya mean it's no big deal" as I gripped onto my aching rod.

"Hey, hey, hey!  Don't go waving that weapon around in here!  It might
go off" he joked.

"That's no shit!"

"Been awhile, huh?"

"You've got no idea, Sarge"

"Oh, I've got an idea.  Never seen you do anything about it, so I
assume you're overdue" he said with a sly grin.

I broke out in a broad smile.  "That's an understatement"

He nodded knowingly.  "And knock the `Sergeant' shit off, would yah?"

"No can do" I reported.

"That's an order, Lance Corporal"

"Sir, no Sir!" I shot back, smiling.  If he only knew how much I
appreciated the fact that he was my Sergeant.

"Yah, well now I've got you for subordination"

"Yes, Sir!"

He ran his knuckles over my head roughly.  I grabbed his arm but was
overpowered by it.  Damn, he was strong.  "So anyway, Stud.  What's up
with not getting laid.  Good lookin' Gyrene like you oughta be beating
`em off" he said, probingly.  Shit, more like beating myself off, I
thought.

"Yah, whatever" is all that I replied, blushing once again with a
sheepish grin on my face.  He just stared at me for a minute.

"Damn, if you aren't the fucking killer with that `aw shucks' attitude
and smile" he said, watching for my reaction.

"Whatever" I said, hanging my head a little.  He intimidated me and it
embarrassed me.

"Whaddya mean `whatever'?" he demanded.  "What's that shit?"

"I don't know what to say" I replied truthfully, my head still bowed.

He reached over and pulled my chin up and looked at me.  "I didn't
realize you were as shy as you are, little man.  This is a side of you
I haven't seen before"

"Yah, well, I am," I admitted.  Little did he know why.

"Well, I'm sure we'll get you out of that mode once we get to
Hollywood!" he informed me.  For the next hour we traveled north into
Orange County toward Hollywood.  I was both excited and anxious at the
same time.

Suddenly there was a loud thump under the hood but the engine kept
running.  "What the hell was that?" Contreras asked.  I quickly scanned
the dash and noticed the alternator light on.

"I think we just threw a belt," I replied, feeling stupid for not
replacing it earlier when I'd done the plugs and filters.  I felt even
more stupid for not throwing my toolbox in the truck.

"Fuck!" he spat.  "Where the hell are we gonna get another one?"

"Pull off the freeway to the next station and I'll take care of it"

We found a station open but manned only by a teenaged kid pumping gas.
>From him I found out that there was an auto parts store open down the
street.  He agreed to let us use the tools in the repair bay to put a
new belt on.  We ran down and picked a belt up and were back at the
station in a few minutes.  I popped the hood and went to work.  It was
a lot harder than I had anticipated.  The alternator needed to be moved
a bit to get the belt around the pulley.  Only it was really rusted
into place.  I'm no slouch in the strength department, but bent over
the fender like I was, I couldn't get the leverage to pry it loose
alone.  I asked Contreras to help.  Putting a torque extension on the
wrench, I told him to get behind me and help me push.  Doing as I
asked, he wrapped his body around and super close to mine.  Spreading
my legs for traction I ended up with my ass pressed firmly against the
front of him.  How convenient, huh?  The two of us tried several times
to break the rust loose, but it was damned difficult.

The harder we tried the more it exerted us.  I could feel the hard
muscles in his body as he pushed against mine.  I could also feel the
bulk of his manhood in his pants against my backside.  On top of that,
the manscent emanating from his body was like an aphrodisiac to me.  I
couldn't help myself.  In our struggle I purposely pushed my hard butt
against him.  For several minutes we struggled with the bolt, me
getting hot and bothered but him seemingly unconcerned with the close
body contact.  After a while though I could swear it felt like there
was more meat pressed up against me.  I just didn't know if it was
wishful thinking.  Finally, the bolt popped loose and I was able to
finish the job in no time.  I was totally on autopilot as I usually am
under the hood of a car.  It's a good thing too, because all I could
think about was the hot body contact we'd had.

In no time we were back on the freeway heading toward Hollywood.  For
the first several minutes we rode in silence.  My dick had belched a
healthy bead of precum in my pants so the head of my dick was swimming
in it.  It was a good thing I was wearing briefs.

"It's awful late," Contreras stated.  "I'm not sure we'll find Kozinski
and Smythe"

As you can imagine, I was heartbroken at that news.  Not!  I began
hoping that those guys would be gone when we got to the motel.  "Well,
as long as you know where to go, Sergeant, then I think we'll be ok"

"I'm not sure you're ready for Hollywood, Country Boy" he teased.

"Yah?  Why's that?"

"It's a little racy for a shy boy like you!"

"Oh, I'm not so shy when I get a couple of beers in me" I announced.

"Yah, I've seen a little of that shit, haven't I?" he prodded.

"You ain't seen nothin' yet, Sergeant"

"I'll bet you're a wild man when you let your hair down, aren't yah?"

"I haven't had any complaints" I stated matter-of-factly.

"Oh, yah?  Well we'll just have to see about that" he challenged.

When we arrived at the Motel, there was a `No Vacancy' sign out front.
"I'm gonna go see if they're still here." He hopped out of the truck
and went into the office.  I watched him pick up the phone to call the
guys' room.  After awhile he hung up.  He was a little agitated when he
returned to the truck.

"They're gone and they didn't leave a message.  Just our fucking luck,
huh?" he said with disgust.  I wasn't the least bit upset.

"No big deal, Sarge.  This isn't exactly the Ritz anyway.  I'm sure
there's another Motel nearby" I answered calmly.  Shit yah.  And as far
away from those two Grunts as possible, I thought!  I began to get
concerned though because as we drove down Hollywood Boulevard all of
the Motels had `No Vacancy' signs out.  It was weird.  Like the town
was full.  Still and all, I was certain we'd find a place.  Sure
enough, just down the street was another cheap-ass Motel whose sign
said they had a vacancy.  "Let's check this place out," I said.

"Ok, you run across the street and get us some beer and I'll check us
in" he ordered.  I didn't say anything at the time, but I wasn't old
enough to buy beer!  I was a little concerned if the ID I had just been
given by some Jarhead would work.  We'd been told several times that we
looked alike, so he offered to give me his California Driver's License
when he shipped out.

"Yes, Sir!" I answered enthusiastically.  I crossed the street and
picked up a couple of six packs without a problem.  Heading back I
noticed Contreras was unloading the truck.  The `No Vacancy' sign had
gone on at the Motel.

"Shit, Man.  We got the last room here!" he said.  We really had found
a place in the nick of time.

On the way to the room we found the ice machine where we stopped.
After loading it up with beer and ice Contreras hoisted it up, his
biceps flexing like mad.  I grabbed his bag.  Heading up the stairs and
down the outside corridor, we found the room.  The heat from inside of
the room was oppressive when I opened the door.  I dropped the bags and
quickly found the air conditioner.  It roared to life and pretty soon
it was spewing cold air.  Standing in front of it, I turned around to
take stock of the room.  Scanning the room I noticed 60s-type cheap
furniture.  The chair next to the bed and the one across the room were
those molded plastic jobs with pointy legs.  The bed!  I hadn't even
noticed until then that there was only one bed.  It was King size, but
still the only bed in the room.  I didn't even know what to think about
that.  The clock on the nightstand read 11:27.

"There's only one bed" I announced.

"Oh, yah.  I forgot to tell you," he said trying to act casually.
Still, there was an edge to his voice.

"That's ok, Sarge.  My ass is kicked.  I don't care where I sleep"

"You don't snore or anything, do you?" he inquired.

"Like I said before, Sarge, I haven't had any complaints!"

"Hmmmmmm.  I'll just bet you haven't," he said with a sly grin.

"So what's the plan?" I asked.

"For tonight?" he clarified.  I nodded.  "Well whaddya say we relax for
a bit, have a couple of beers and then decide"

"Sounds good to me" I said on my way to the head.

Standing there pissing, I heard him say, "Hot damn, Country Boy,
there's porn here!"

"What?" I asked, not believing what I heard.

"Porn.  On the TV!" he shot back.

When I walked back into the room, he was propped up on the bed without
his shirt on.  His fucking chest was an explosion of manhair.  Some
skanky girl was sucking on some ugly guy's cock on the TV.  "Now this
is more like it!" he said with a grin.  "Welcome to Hollywood, Country
Boy!"

I crossed the room, shucked my shirt and sat in the plastic chair.  I
just didn't feel comfortable hopping on the bed with the half-undressed
hunk while we watched porn.  Both of us watched in silence as the scene
changed from sucking to cunt eating to fucking.  The first beer lead to
another and then another.  I began to feel the suds.  All in all, it
was pretty fun.  Contreras was absolutely entranced with the action.
After about 15 minutes he slipped his shorts off and lay there with his
boxers on.  Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of his hard
dick in his shorts.  He was reaching through the fly and rubbing it.
The scene was getting very interesting.  I drained my beer and got up
for more.

"I'll have another," he said huskily.  I grabbed two and handed him
one.  I was a little nervous because I too had a hardon.  I felt the
need to relieve myself once again.  I slipped into the head and did my
business through a hard dick while the sounds of the fucking on the TV
filtered through the room.  When I returned, Contreras was buck ass
naked on the bed.

"I hope this doesn't freak you out, but this is just too hot," he said,
looking around me to the TV.  He was obviously feeling the effects of
the beer.

"No problem, Sarge.  I'm gonna have to let my pup loose soon enough
myself " I answered nervously as I crossed the room.  As I did so, I
caught a good glimpse of the Latin hunk lying on the bed.  It came as
no surprise to me that the thick black hair on his legs, belly and
chest ran uninterrupted across his groin.  He was sitting with pillows
propping him up against the headboard.  His feet were flat on the bed
but his knees were up, exposing his crotch.  As I cleared the end of
the bed I got an awesome shot of his hairy fucking crotch and balls.
It was solid fur.  So dark, I really couldn't distinguish balls and
butt when I glanced quickly.  His hand was full of hard meat.  Jesus!
The guy was hung.  Easily a 9 incher.  And fat too.  Typical Puerto
Rican Stud.  My heart started beating faster.  My fantasy man was
fucking naked and hard in front of me!

Reaching the chair I unsnapped my shorts and in one quick movement
pushed they and my briefs to the floor.  Stepping out of them, I turned
back around, my hard cock throbbing at the screen.  Contreras turned
and looked me up and down momentarily with sleepy, sex filled eyes.  A
groan in the action on the TV captured his attention again.  The man
was lost in a sex dream world. Even though the air conditioner had been
going full blast for an hour, the air in the room was still heavy and
hot.  My sweaty and hairless flesh stuck to the plastic chair and I sat
down.  That made an odd noise, capturing the attention of my Latin Stud
who looked over again.

"Hey, you don't have to sit over there" he said.  Patting the bed next
to him he continued, "Come on over here.  I don't bite."  Oh, fuck! I
thought.  How am I gonna keep under control laying naked next to him?
I laughed inside when I realized that I already had a hardon, so it
wasn't like I'd be giving myself away or anything.  I slid onto the bed
and arranged the pillows against the headboard.  Contreras never looked
up from the TV.  The two of us lay there jacking our cocks like two
teenagers at a circle jerk.  After a while I let my eyes wander over
his gorgeous fucking body.  The fur never stopped from his ankles to
his neck.  Hair even grew up the side of his groin area right to the
waist.  There was no question he had a hairy ass.  The sound his
foreskin made as it covered and uncovered his swollen knob was awesome.
Precum had covered the head and was shining in the light from the TV.
I was mesmerized and the size and strength of his manhood.  My butt
flared and my cock belched precum.

"Like what you see, Country Boy?" he asked, breaking the silence.  It
surprised me.  Immediately, I looked into his eyes.  Catching my
composure, I answered.

"Never seen one of them anteater dicks up close, Sergeant," I said,
lying.

"Yah, I see you've got yourself a helmet head there Lance Corporal" he
stated, referring to my closely cut dick.

"Not by choice" I said truthfully.  "I didn't have any say in that"

"Yah, most guys don't"

Talking about cocks got me even more excited.  Talking specifically
about his made my dick surge.  "What's it like having a natural dick,
Sarge?"

"I don't know.  It's all I've ever known, Country Boy" he answered,
stroking his hardness.

"I mean what's it like to have skin covering the head?"

"Go take a look, Son" he prodded, aiming his cock at me.  I was a
little skeptical when he said that.  Like maybe he'd wait until I
reached for it and then beat the shit out of me or something.  The fact
that he was laying there naked and hard with me kind of precluded that
however.  Something was going on but I just wasn't sure what.  None-
the-less, that fact made my next move easier.

"Really?" I asked innocently.  Little did he know that I'd handled more
than my share of cocks, cut and uncut, by that time in my young and
sorted life.

"Yah.  Go on.  Check it out" he encouraged.  I scooted down on the bed
where I could get a closer look.  I was looking it up and down when he
moved it toward me.  I smelled the familiar scent of uncut cock.  "Go
ahead and jack it, Man.  See what it feels like to have extra skin."  I
did exactly what I was told.  The soft skin slid easily over the hard
meat and bulging veins underneath.

"Oh, wow, Sarge!  That's so cool the way the skin folds over the head"

"Yah, it feels real good.  Keep it up, man"

"Aw, shit!  I can't imagine what it feels like to have skin over my
knob"

"Hey, I've got an idea" he said getting up on his knees.  "C'mon over
here" he commanded, pulling me closer.  He positioned us facing one
another on our knees.  I still had a good grip on his bone.  Nothing
was said between us until I felt his hand wrap around my steel
hardness.  Now I was really sure things were progressing where I wanted
them to.

"Oh, fuck, Sarge!" I hissed as my hips pushed my cock into his hand.

"Easy now, Country Boy!  Don't get all excited and make a mess now!" he
chided.

"Oh, I'm a long way from making a mess.  But this just feels to fucking
good" I informed as we continued to jack each other.

"Wanna try something?" he asked with an evil grin on his face.

"What?"

"Wanna feel what it's like to have a foreskin?"

"Sure!" I eagerly agreed.

"Here" he said, moving us a little further apart.  As he did so, he
pulled my hardness down perpendicular to my body.  He did this with
great difficulty, as I was so hard that my 7 inches was standing
straight up along my belly.  I actually had to bend a little at the
waist, which of course brought my head closer to his shoulder.  At the
same time he moved my cock, he took his own cock in his hand and aimed
his head at mine.  Looking down between us, I watched in amazement as
he pushed our cock heads end to end.  His bulbous knob seemed to dwarf
my own pointed one.  He had me easily by a couple of inches and his
girth was half again as big around as my own.  I shuddered when his
slippery knob rubbed against mine.

"Oh, fuck, that feels good!" I rasped.

"You haven't felt anything yet" he hissed back.  I watched as he slid
his foreskin along the length of himself.  In amazement I saw it slide
up over the knob, engulf it and continue on until I felt the heated and
slippery skin slide over my own knob.  The feeling was like none I'd
ever felt in my life!  It was hot and wet and slick all at the same
time.  I nearly came on the spot as the skin slid over the super
sensitive trigger ridge under my dick head.  My legs grew week.  I
leaned on the bigger and stronger man for support.

"Yah, that's it.  Lean on me," he cooed, wrapping his arm around me.

"Oh, Sarge!  What the fuck are you doing to me?" I asked as I leaned my
head on his shoulder.

"Nothing you shouldn't have had done to you years ago, Stud!" he
whispered.  His free hand closed around the back of my head and pulled
me close.  He whispered in my ear, "You ok with all of this?"

"Like you wouldn't believe" I whispered back.  He pulled me even
closer.

"I'm gonna make you cum like you've never cum before, Country Boy" he
promised in a hush.

"It feels so fucking good!" I spat.  "I don't know how long I can last"

"Let it go, Stud" he hoarsed, "Let it go"

"That skin over my knob is just too fucking much" I said as my hips
bucked from the sensation.

"Yah, it's pretty cool, huh?"

"Oh, fuck, Sergeant!  How do you stand it?" I asked, pulling against
his hard body.

"I love the intense sensation and every time it feels just as awesome
as what you're feeling" he told me.  He began to pick up the pace as he
slid his foreskin over our two cocks.  At the same time his hand was
roaming all over my back and butt.   I shuttered when I felt his
callused hands on my hairless ass cheeks.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" I purred.

"Like that shit, huh?" he asked as his fingers swirled over the hard
surface of my butt.

"Ummmmmmmm"

Those magic and exploring fingers of his rubbed up and down the crack
of my ass.  In no time the tips of them were dancing lightly over my
pucker.  My hips were bucking and I was fucking the man's hand like a
wild man.  I pushed my butt against his probing fingers.  He ran the
length of them along my sweaty crack and over my horny hole.

"Oh, baby, you're just too fucking hot!" he hissed as he jacked us
faster and faster.  The sensations of his hands on my cock and butt
combined with the heavy scent of a sweaty man in heat were getting the
best of me.  The super wet slickness of his foreskin made the millions
of nerve endings on the head of my cock scream.  I was rapidly
approaching a climax and, as much as I wanted it to last, I knew there
was no way I could hold on for much longer.  That's when his lips
brushed up against my neck.  While his hand played magic on my raging
rod the fingers of his free hand danced lightly across my pucker.  The
day's growth on his face scratched my smooth one while his lips softly
worked my neck.  I raced toward an orgasm.

"Let go, baby!  Give in to it.  Let me get you off" he soothed as my
hips bucked involuntarily.  Holding myself close to his hard body, I
let the sensations take control of me.

"Ahhhhhhh!  I'm never gonna last" I panted.

"That's ok, baby.  Give it to me.  Give me that hole" he breathed in my
ear as he pushed against the tight ring of muscle.  That did it.  All
of a sudden I felt the familiar tingling in my prostate as it hardened
in preparation for firing.  My legs started to shake and weaken.  I
gripped harder on that hard, muscled and hairy body as he worked me
toward blast off.

"OH! FUCK!" I spat, out of breath.  "I'M GONNA SHOOT!"

"Oh, yah!  Fuck that fist!  Get your gun, Dude!  Shoot that skin sock
full of your jizz!" he encouraged.  My breaths started coming faster
and faster as I felt my balls snap up tight against my body.  He
continued to diddle my hole.

"Uhhhhhhhhh!" I moaned as I felt my prostate snap.

"That's it, Stud!  Give your jizz to your Marine Daddy!"  That finished
me off when he said it.  In a flash I was lost in a fog as I started
pumping several days load of Jarhead jizz.  Like a fucking pro,
Contreras backed off on the heavy jacking action when I started
cumming.  My cockhead was screaming from the sensation of the skin
wrapped around it and any more action would have been overload.

"AHHHHHHHHHHH!  FUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKK!" I screamed as jet after jet of
scalding scum shot into the man's skin that covered our cocks.
Gripping onto him for dear life, I let myself go to the awesome
feelings only a man in orgasm can know.   A new and unfamiliar feeling
of hot cum surrounding my cockhead added to the pleasure.  After I'd
fired about 6 or 7 squirts he suddenly started working our cocks again.
It felt great but it was almost too much.

"OH!  FUCK, BABY!  YOU'RE SHOOTIN' YOUR LOAD!" he groaned loudly.
"YOU'RE MAKIN' ME CUM, STUD!"

Suddenly the thought of him shooting his load into that skin wrapped
around my cockhead was more than I could have dreamed for.  "OH, MOTHER
FUCKER!  CREAM WITH ME, SARGE!" I begged.

An instant later I felt a warm blast of spooge jetting against my
cockhead.  Suddenly his skin sock exploded like a cum laden balloon.
Torrents of cock snot blasted from our unison all over my cock, balls
and pubes.  While I was just starting to come down he was in the throes
of a powerful man-orgasm.  Gripping me tightly, he fingered my butthole
while he shot his seed all over me.  The man had a vise-grip on me and
there was no indication that he was going to let up.  Damn, but he was
strong!  I just held on hard while he bucked and jerked as he came down
off of his cum high.  I wondered how he'd react when it was all over.

I couldn't help but think that what had happened was a one-time thing
caused by the beer, the porn and his anticipation of getting laid that
weekend.  It took a couple of minutes for him to come down off that
awesome post-orgasm high, but when he did I needn't have worried.
There was no guilt, no change of attitude or anything.  In fact it was
quite the opposite.  Staring me in the eyes, Contreras continued to
jack our softening cocks together while he ran his hands over my body.

"You're so hairless," he half whispered "I like that"

"You do, huh?" was all I could say.  I think I was still a little
shocked over what had happened between us.  I mean I absolutely wanted
it to, but I just didn't think that he was gay.

"Oh, yah!  I love the feel of smooth skin stretched over hard muscles"
he answered as he squeezed my pecs.  "You've got a hot fucking body,
McLellan"

"I've sorta had an eye out for yours, Sarge" I confessed.

"Really?" he asked, crinkling his nose up.

"Sir, yes Sir!" I chirped as I rubbed my hands over his hairy chest.
"I just love the feel of this fur, Sir"

"Can't understand why.  Guess we just all want something we can't have,
huh?" he asked as he pulled away from me and stepped off the bed.  He
turned and walked toward the bathroom.  The conversation continued
while he pissed.

"That must be it"

"You surprised me, you know" he called from the head.

"Oh?  How?"

"I would have never figured that you'd be into man-to-man action" he
stated while he pissed.  Boy did he peg me wrong!

"You wouldn't?" I asked with surprise.  From the way I'd striven to be
around him, I just assumed he had figured it out.

"No way.  You carry yourself very well"

"That goes both ways, you know"

"You never figured it out?" he queried.

"No way" I replied truthfully.  "Not in a hundred years"

"Well, I guess I did too good of a job covering it up.  It's kinda new
to me anyway"

"Yah?"

"Yah.  Haven't been with too many guys.  You?"

"Let's just say I've had my share of partners" I answered honestly.
"I've fucked around with men since I've been 16"

"With your looks and body I can understand that.  You've probably been
hit on since you've been a kid, huh?"

"Bingo!"

"The brass been after you?" he quizzed, referring to officers.

"Oh, yah.  Plenty of that" I said with a hint of `whatever' in my
voice.  Titles and positions had never really influenced whether I had
the hots for a man.  He got the picture.  Still, he continued.

"Probably not too interested in a lowly Sergeant then, huh?"

"Oh, I don't know, Sarge.  I'm thinking you can have this Country Boy
just about any time you want" I shot back brazenly.  He turned and
smiled.

"I just might take you up on that, you know"

"I'm counting on it" I continued, lying down on the bed.

"Kozinkski and Smythe know nothing about this, you know" he stated
needlessly.

"They'd never hear about it from me"

"Good.  Not sure how Kozinski would react but Smythe is way homophobe"

"Aw, he's just a cunt hound is all.  I know a thousand guys like him
back home"

"Yah?"

"Yah.  He'll never change"

Bringing back a towel, he said nothing but just stared into my eyes.
He leaned over and wiped off the front of me before doing the same for
him.  Crossing the room to the cooler he called out, "Another beer?"

"Yah, thanks" I answered while enjoying the view of his backside.  The
thick black fur started at his ankles and didn't stop until it cleared
his waist.  It was the hard and hairy butt of a god.

As he swaggered across the room toward the bed, his softened cock
bounced back and forth across his thighs.  The knob of his manhood was
clearly visible under his long foreskin.  Handing me a beer, he lay
back on the bed and fluffed up the pillows behind him.  "C'mere" he
said softly as he lifted his arm.  I moved in next to him, laying my
head on his chest.  When I'd snuggled up to him his free hand caressed
my back and shoulders.  The air conditioner was still loudly pumping
cool air into the room and the TV was blaring away.  The action had
changed to two guys and a girl.

"Lookit that, would yah?  Two guys naked in a bed together.  Imagine
that" he smirked as he hugged me close.

"Yah, who woulda thought it possible"

"Oh, it's possible all right.  Damned possible" he continued as he
fondled me.

"I like the way you're making me feel, Sarge.  You've got a man's
touch"

"You ain't felt nothing yet.  And, really!  Please stop the Sarge shit,
wouldja?  It seems so weird after we just unloaded all over each
other!"

"No problem.  Can I still call you Sir?" I pleaded.

"Fuck an A, Country Boy.  You can call me Sir anytime," he answered
with a grin.

"Yah?"

"Anytime"

We lay there and relaxed while sipping our beers and gawkin at the
action on the screen.  Not ten minutes later I felt a stir in my balls
and noticed that Contreras had a half hardon himself.  The guys in the
flick were blowing each other while the woman looked on.

"That's hot" Contreras proclaimed.

"You like that, huh?"

"I like anything with you, Stud"

"For real?"

"For real.  I've waited a long time to get into your pants"

"Did you plan things this way?"

"Shit, if only!" he chuckled.  "The only thing I was sure of was that
we'd share a room.  Beyond that I had no idea.  I was just hoping I'd
get a glimpse at you naked or something"

"And now that you have?"

"Like I said before.  You ain't seen nothin' yet!"

I reached down and wrapped my hand around his man tool.  No sooner than
I started playing with it than it got hard.  As I played with him, I
sucked his nipples.  That got an immediate and favorable reaction.  I
was pleased that I'd found one of his erogenous zones.  By the time he
was fully hard, my own boner was rubbing against his leg.  Moving down
his torso, I brought my face closer to his hot meat.  The scent of
uncut cock and sweaty man-crotch surrounded my senses.  I was
enthralled by the sight of his foreskin alternately covering then
exposing the head of his cock.

"God, that looks hot" I rasped.

"Get in there and take a closer look" he husked.  I moved in to where
my face was just inches from that Rican rod.  I spent the next few
minutes sliding the skin over the head only to pull it down and expose
the angry knob over and over again.  He was bucking his hips, an
indication that he liked the action.  Pressure increased on the back of
my head as he pushed me towards his bone.

"Yah, baby.  Get down there and make some magic on my meat!"

"You'd like that?" I teased.

"I fuckin' need it, Stud!" he intoned.

"Hot fuckin' rod, Sir!" I said truthfully.

"It's all yours.  Get down there" he said as he pushed my head.  "Go
ahead, it's not gonna bite yah!" he hoarsed as he wrapped his own hand
around mine.

"Won't bite, huh?" I asked.

"No, and don't you either" he chuckled as he aimed his cock and my
mouth.  Damn!  That scent was driving me crazy.

"Not on your life, Sergeant!" I stated.

"My life is in your hands"

Just before licking his hard shaft, I said "Or in my mouth"

"Oh, fuck, baby!" he hissed through clenched teeth.

Looking up at him I could see that he was watching me intently.  Our
eyes locked.  Without speaking he moved his hand to my head and rubbed
my high and tight.  With a mouth full of cock, I smiled sheepishly.
Like the obedient subordinate that I was, I licked and sucked his boner
for the first time all the while staring him in the eyes.   Flicking my
tongue over the covered head, I mined for the slick goo built up at the
tip of the skin.

"Oh, fuck!" he whispered.  His eyes closed.  With that encouragement, I
shucked his knob naked and slurped my tongue all around it.  It tasted
even better than it smelled so I lapped away the remains of his last
load that had accumulated there.

"Ahhhhhhh!" the man rasped.  "That feels so fucking good!"

"Like that, Sir?" I whispered.

"Damn, straight McLellan.  Go down on me, buddy" he encouraged with a
push to my head.  For the next several minutes I sucked the cock I'd
dreamed about so many times.  And I did it with gusto.  I'm no slouch
in the cocksucking department, but that night I was a deep throat and
swirling tongue pro.  I did everything I could to make him think I
didn't have a tooth in my head.

The man's cock was big and I tried several positions to take it easier.
While I was moving around, the larger and stronger man moved us into a
69 position.  All at once I felt the hot and wet mouth of that Latin
hunk encasing my bulging boner.  I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.
While I worked magic on his meat, he showed me that he was no stranger
to a man's hardon.

For the next however-many minutes the two of us, and our cocks, were
the only ones on the earth.  Doing my best, I deep throated him then
swirled my tongue over his cock head and sucked out the sweet dick
honey that was flowing freely out of him.  Rolling over on his back,
Contreras pulled me on top of him and buried the head of my cock in his
throat.  I plunged my mouth down as far as I could, stopping when the
sheer size of him gagged me.  It didn't take very long however to relax
my throat muscles enough to swallow him whole.  That feat had
everything to do with the fact that I genuinely wanted to do it.  In
fact, I wanted the man to face fuck me really hard.

I'd like to say that I was so busy concentrating on giving him expert
head that I barely noticed his hot mouth wrapped around my fuck stick.
But that's not even remotely true.  He kept pulling at my ass checks,
burying my rod in him.  Before too long I was humping away at his
throat all the while taking him in mine up to the short hairs.  I must
have been doing a bang up job, because his balls pulled up so tight
against his shaft that they almost disappeared inside of him.  His
breathing had changed to deep and fast breaths and he was clawing at me
while he sucked like no tomorrow.  Deep moans and groans around my cock
emanated from deep inside of him.  I knew he was going to spew any
second.

Sure enough, I wasn't disappointed.  While I was plunging my throat
down onto his rock hard Rican rod, he fired away.  The first shot went
straight down my throat, making me swallow against his hardness.  I
pulled up just in time to feel the second salvo fire right across my
tongue.  Savoring the taste of my Sergeant's nut butter, I swallowed
every drop of every subsequent shot that he fired.  Just the thought
that I was eating my fantasy man's cum set me off.  The moans and
groans of his orgasm reverberated all around my lance, bringing me to
within seconds of getting my nut.

>From my position on top of him, I skull fucked him deep and hard.  I
remember feeling his spit-coated lips sucking against my balls that
were snapped tight against my bone as I gave him the full force of my
ejaculation.  I shot so hard that it almost hurt.  All the while I
jetted my jizz into his mouth and throat the man was going crazy.
Gripping at my ass, he was pulling my sword deep into his throat.  The
millions of nerve endings in my enflamed and engorged knob were on
fire, as I gave in to that awesome rush a man feels when he's planting
his seed.  In an effort to prolong the ecstasy, I fucked in and out at
the same time I savored the unmistakable flavor of his mancream dancing
across my tongue. The man took my brutal moves like the Stud that he
is.  When I finally came down of my nut high I rolled off of him
totally exhausted.  We laid head to feet for a minute until my Sergeant
pulled me on up next to him.

"Good fuckin' cum, Stud!" he pronounced while wrapping himself around
me.

"Fuck an A, Sir!" I panted, "I'm fuckin' kicked"

"No doubt, little man.  You fuck a mean face!"

"Sorry `bout that" I apologized.

"Sorry `bout what?" he chuckled.  "You're an A class cocksucker and you
know just how to get your nut at the same time"

"Hope that's ok, Sir"

"More than ok, Country Boy.  Whewie, but you sure are some fun!" he
laughed, kissing my neck.

"Oh, wow!  Keep that up Sir and you can have anything you want"

"I'm counting on that, baby!" he whispered as he pressed his hard body
against my backside.

"Oh, Sir!  You've got a million years to knock that shit off."  I
moaned.  The man was working my neck and pressing his semi-woody up
against my ass.  The only thing better would have been if he'd worked
his bone inside of me.

"I intend to take liberties with you, you know" he confessed as he
humped against me.  There was no question as to what he meant.

"Permission granted, Sir" I cooed.  We were definitely on the same
page. Looking over at the clock I saw that we'd been at it for over two
and a half hours.  I remember thinking that here I was with this Puerto
Rican Stud that I'd lusted after for so damned long.  Spent and sated.
Lying naked in each other's arms in a world of our own.  For the first
time in months I felt contented.

I guess I drifted off to sleep because the next thing I remember was
waking with a man wrapped securely around my backside.  Woken from a
very deep sleep, I was dazed.  Confused as to where I was, I looked
around the room.  We were lying on the bedspread.  The TV was on and
the air conditioner was still blasting away noisily.  The room had
finally cooled down. I scooted out from the man's grip and moved across
the room to turn the TV off.  When I turned around I saw that the man
was Sergeant Contreras.  That's when it all came back to me.  His
seduction of me, the fact that we'd jacked off together and especially
our hot 69 session.  I smiled uncontrollably.  He was pulling the
covers down and crawling between the sheets where I joined him.

"'Night, Stud" he whispered sleepily as he wrapped himself around my
backside.

"'Night, Sir" I replied as I pushed myself against the luxuriant feel
of a furred man.  No other words need to be spoken.  The only sounds
were those of two satisfied men settling down for the night and the
whir of the air conditioning unit trying to cool down the air we'd
heated up so much.

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2000 02:27:14 PDT
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 4: The Primer Chronicle

A Few Good Men  4:
The Primer Chronicle

Note: The following, along with A Few Good Men 1 through 3, is an
accounting of my stint in the USMC.  Another story, Nailed Part 1, precedes
the series.  It's in Nifty's Athletic section.  They all contain sex
between men.  Duh.  If don't want to read graphic details of sex between
consenting adult men or if you're underage or if this is not
allowed/illegal where you live, then don't read it.  You've been warned.

I've had a few recurring questions about this series, so I'll try to clear
up what most guys have asked about.  As I said, the A Few Good Men series
is largely true.  Yah, so most of the names have been changed to protect
the innocent and/or closeted.  These stories are the best memories I have
of being one of Uncle Sam's finest.  They took place in the very early 80s
when I was in the USMC.  Back then we really didn't practice safe sex
because it was the very beginning of the health crisis and safe sex with
condoms didn't really come into play until like the mid 80s.  I guess I'm
lucky.  I fucked around with lots of mostly military guys back then and,
luckily, am still negative all these years later.

I hope you enjoy the series.  There's lots more memories to write about.  I
just need the time to do it.  I'd love to hear from you with your comments.
Please don't copy any part of this.  I reserve all rights to this and all
the chapters in the A Few Good Men series.


I had met Primer and Gunner when I was just 19.  I was a young, dumb and
full of cum Jarhead.  As I said before, the strongest attraction, both
physically and emotionally, was between Primer and myself.  After that
first marathon weekend we spent nearly every spare moment together.  Even
though Gunner was candid about his attraction to me, and his desire to fuck
me as often as I was in the mood, he was really gracious about what was
obviously developing between Primer and me.

In only a few short weeks we'd become an exclusive item.  For the first
time in my life I had these feelings that I really didn't understand.  All
I knew is that I thought about Primer every waking minute.  Every time I
thought of him I got this major pang in my gut.  I couldn't see enough of
him.  And it was the same with him.  He taught me so much about myself.
I've got to say that, at 30, he was one brave man to get involved with a 19
year-old wild man, such that I was.  Based on my past performance, I had
the immense potential to break that man's heart.  I'd unwittingly done it
plenty of times before.  And yes, I'd done it uncaringly a few times before
too.  I'm certainly not at all proud of that.  But this was different.
Unlike my past patterns, the more I saw of Primer the more I wanted him.
Looking back on it now, I realize that I fell in love with the man within a
short period of time.

Also unlike my past boyfriends, Primer and I weren't limited to just a hot
sexual relationship.  I mean, sex was awesome.  But we also developed a
buddy-type relationship.  We went everywhere and did everything together.
And, for the first time in my adult life, I had no desire to go fucking
around with other guys.  Hell, I hardly even looked at other men.  Well, I
did look.  After all, I was only 19!  It was an awesome time.

As awesome as the buddy time was, the sex was even more incredible.  We
were perfectly matched for one another in that department. Being a very
patient and disciplined lover, Primer was a very good teacher.  He taught
me so much about my body and, at the same time gave me an invaluable
education in man-to-man sex.  Looking back now I realize that prior to
meeting Primer, sex with all the other men I'd know had been just that.
Sex.  Sure, it had been hot.  Sometimes even mind blowing hot.  But it was
just sex.  Primer taught me how to make love.  And I don't mean that
tritely.  Or like some lovesick sweaty teenaged girl.  I mean full on,
heart pounding, hard bodied, inhibition free, giving-yourself-to-your-man,
fuck me in the ass, making love kind of sex.

Because I was so young I was in desperate need of being tamed.  Only I
didn't even have a clue that I needed it.  But Primer did.  At 30, he had
matured into an incredibly disciplined man with a deep sense of what is
right and wrong.  And because he wasn't too far from his early boy-man
days, he understood me better than any male ever had.  While he didn't put
up with any shit from me, he was fair and gentle in a masculine way when he
taught me lessons.

One day we were alone at his place.  He and Gunner had converted their
garage into a gym a couple of weeks before.  They had a couple of weight
machines bolted to the wall and had covered the floor with padded matting.
We'd been working out a bit when I jumped him from behind.  Pushing him
down onto the floor I impulsively challenged him to a wrestling match.

"The one who pins the other gets his ass"

"Oh?" Primer queried with a tinge of amusement in his voice.

"Yah!" I smart mouthed.  "I want your ass"

"No way you're ever gonna fuck my ass" he belted, proclaiming his top man
status.

"Way!"

"Think you're man enough?"

"I'm going to pin your ass, old man!" I stated impudently.  "Then I'm gonna
fuck it!"  I was such a fucking brat.  I could see by the look on his face
that I'd crossed a line.

"OLD MAN?" he reacted with genuine surprise.  He was smiling but I could
tell I was in for it.  "Why you arrogant little fuck!  I'm gonna jam you
into the floor and then I'm gonna fuck you raw!"

With that he lunged at me with all the power and strength he had.  I was on
my ass before I even knew what hit me.  Instantly, he was on top of me and
I was seconds away from being pinned.  It took every ounce of muscle I
could muster to get out of his grip.  In doing so I exerted a lot of
energy, which concerned me.  I knew then that he had the advantage.  Not
only was he more powerful but he had more energy.  The challenge to keep
him from pinning me spurred me on.  With extraordinary strength I fought
him off.  He was certainly larger and stronger but I was a bit more agile.
I was able to slide around him quickly and get on top of him.
Unfortunately he was on his belly so it was going to be difficult to not
only turn him over but get his shoulders pinned.

Grinding my hips into his upturned ass, I goaded him.  "Yah, there it is,
Bitch!  There's the ass I'm gonna fuck!"  Even talking about it inflamed
him.  I was ready for his reaction but not its intensity.  He nearly
escaped my grip.  In an attempt to keep him down, I ripped his shirt.
After that it seemed like all hell broke loose.

"Ok, you little fucker" he spat, "You're really in for it now"

Before long the two of us were in a balls-to-the-wall fight for the top and
our clothes were in the way.  He swung me around ripping my shorts to
shreds.  They hung from my hips only from the elastic around my waist.  In
the next move they ended up around my ankles. That left me at a real
disadvantage because I couldn't really stand and get into position.  He was
on top of me and, once again, I was in danger of being pinned.  I thrashed
about under him like a fish out of water, finally freeing myself.  In doing
so, I'd been able to free one of my feet.  Standing, I shook my other foot
and my torn shorts went flying across the room.  There I stood with only a
jock covering my jewels and nothing protecting my ass.  Primer pointed and
laughed, taunting me.  Then he came at me with a vengeance, knocking us
both to the floor.

After that battle, Primer's shirt was hanging around his neck.  This was
very dangerous at best for the pace we were going at.  He shed it in a
flash when we broke apart.  It wasn't long before my own tee shirt was
ripped from my body.  Hanging from my shoulders like a Kleenex, I was able
to duck my head and shuck it moments before being body slammed to the mat.
Again, I escaped a pinning by thrashing about and grabbing at my lover.
Pulling at him, I tore his lightweight shorts.  Spinning around, I then
pulled them down around his knees, temporarily incapacitating him.  Using
that to my advantage, I was able to turn him around so that he was on his
back.  Panting and grunting like two Sumo wrestlers, I fought to bring his
shoulders to the mat while he twisted his torso to prevent me from doing
so.  Instead of a jock, he was wearing a pair of briefs.  I yanked at them
and eventually they gave way.  The waist and crotch were intact, but his
cock and balls kept flopping out the torn sides.

I could tell he was wearing out.  I knew that's where I had him.  Being 19
had its advantages but being bigger had some advantage too.  But when he'd
finally had enough, he put an end to it all.  Using his strength and bulk
he bettered me.  And in no gentle way either.  The man fought for top
position as if his manhood depended on it.  Finally he moved me onto my
back and with a tremendous amount of difficulty, he was able to pin me.
Once he did, I surrendered.  He'd won fair and square.

We were both breathing so hard we couldn't talk.  Laying across my torso he
simply looked into my eyes, smiled and then rubbed my head like you would
to a little boy.  My heart soared.  I lay there defeated knowing that I
wouldn't be feeling his ass wrapped around my dick.  Yet just thinking
about the alternative was getting me hot.  It's a good thing because the
next couple of minutes were a whirlwind.  Primer stood momentarily to shuck
what was left of his briefs.  Just as quickly he was on his knees once
again, straddling my head with his own facing my feet.

Scooping my feet up, he drew them toward him, raising my butt in the air.
At that time he ripped off my jockstrap, stuck his cock in my face and,
with a growl, he said, "Better get it wet, Stud because spit's the only
lube you're gonna get"

>From the tone of his voice I knew he was serious.  In fact, I sensed that
he was a little pissed that I'd challenged his manhood.  I opened my mouth
and licked the foreskin that was barely covering the heady knob of my
lover's lance while he continued to pull my legs up.  I was nearly upside
down.  My taste buds exploded with the salty-sweet flavor of the man's
precum and that unique and earthy taste of an uncircumcised cock.  No
sooner had I gotten his knob pulled free of that awesome skin than I felt
that strong and determined tongue of his probing at my back door.  With a
great deal of persistence, he proceeded to pry my sphincter open to his
advances.  All the while I was suckling on his meat thermometer he was
teasing my butt with that magical probe.  The more I relaxed, the deeper he
penetrated, the more of his cock I swallowed.

After a few minutes of that he abruptly stopped.  Letting my legs drop to
the mat he spun around and flipped me over on my belly.  Not a second later
he was all over my back, kicking my legs apart.  Just when I thought he'd
spread them as far as they'd go, he forced them apart even more putting me
in an even greater position of surrender on all fours. The action started
with his hard howitzer rubbing up and down my slick asscrack.  Like a
heat-seeking missile his knob honed in and pierced the armor of my anal
gate only after a minute or so.  Although the spongy head of his bone was
slick with saliva and precum, that initial penetration hurt like hell.

"UHHHH!" I grunted, instinctively trying to crawl away.  While his knees
were pushing the backs of my thighs, his hands were firmly placed on the
mat next to the outside of them, thus holding me in place and preventing
any escape.  Pushing harder, his naked knob penetrated fully.  Despite my
grunts of pain and my attempts to prevent further entry, the man held me
close and continued to slide inch after inch of USDA prime meat into my
depths.  "AHHHH!" I protested, "Fuckin' hurts, Prime!"

"Shut the fuck up, you baby!" he growled menacingly.

"OHHH!  I can't, Sir!  It really hurts!" I protested.

"Of course it hurts!  Getting fucked in the ass is supposed to hurt!" he
spat.

"No really, Prime!" I begged.  "It really fuckin' hurts!  OWWW!"

"You set the rules, Stud.  Now you're paying the price.  I told you that if
I won I'd fuck you raw.  And fuck you raw is exactly what I'm gonna do!"
The tone of his voice was unlike any I'd heard before.  Each time he spoke
he jabbed further into my tender flesh to make his point.  I struggled to
get free but it seemed like every time I moved it just served to force his
prod deeper into my gut.  It didn't take too much longer before he'd wormed
his weenie all the way inside of my tightened hole.  I sighed with relief
when I felt the roughness of his pubes scratching up against my cheeks.  I
relaxed a tiny bit, knowing he couldn't really go in any further.
  But if I thought he couldn't cause me any more pain or discomfort, I was
terribly wrong.  For as soon as he was in balls deep, he wrenched his crow
bar around in my guts sending me into another convulsive effort to shed
myself of his brutal actions.

"FUCK!  OH, FUCK, PRIMER!" I yelled.  "YOU GOTTA TAKE IT OUT!"

"No fucking way!" he bellowed.  "Your ass is mine and I'm gonna fuck you
around this mat like you've never been fucked!"  He fucked his boner in and
out of me to emphasize the point.  No matter how hard I struggled he kept
his sword buried in the sheath of my constricted cavern.  Although he
wasn't at full tilt, he fucked me better than slow.  I was tense and he
knew it.  "Things are gonna be so much easier if you'd just surrender that
hole to me!"

"Oh, Primer!  I want your dick but this is just too hard, too fast"

"Quit your fucking whining and take it like a man!" he shot as he smacked
me on the ass hard.  The smack surprised me almost as much as the words and
infliction in which they were spoken.  But it all served to make my anal
muscles relax for a second or two.  Even with the force and pain, that
short period of time was extremely pleasurable.  Slowly but surely I was
able to prostrate myself to this man in action.  This man on a mission.
This man hell bent on planting his seed.  He continued to fuck and in doing
so, he was fucking the muscle control out of me.  "Yah!  That's it!  Open
that hole!" he panted as he jammed his jizzbone into my ever loosening
fuckhole.

"OH!  OH!  OH!" I started crying out as he moved over and over my prostate
with the distended piss tube of his engorged penis.

"Yah, I thought so!" he purred as he shifted into a higher gear.  "You
can't resist that fat cock no matter how I put it to you, can you?"  The
filth talk really worked me up.  I began craving his deep and deliberate
moves even if it meant prolonging the discomfort.

"No, Sir!"

"Yah, that's right.  Tell me, Baby Blue.  Tell me what you need"

"I need to be fucked, Sir!" I answered honestly, pushing my battered butt
up on his hose.  In short order he'd turned me into the personal fuck whore
that I was.

"Yah, you do!  And who's gonna fuck you?"

"My Man is, Sir!"

"Oh, yah!" he hoarsed as my sphincter relaxed even more.  "And who's your
Man, Stud?"

"You are, Sir!" I moaned.  My heart leapt with those words.  Along with
that, the vise-like grip of my butt on his bone relaxed even more.

"That's right.  I'm YOUR Man, Baby Blue.  And I'm the only one who's gonna
do the fucking here, right?"

"Oh, fuck yah, Primer!" I grunted as he fucked me harder.

"You love giving your ass to me, don't you?" he whispered in my ear.

"Fuck yah!  That's your ass, Sir!"

"That's right.  It's my ass to fuck" he continued as he picked up the
action.  My butt was getting so used to the pace.  I was fully relaxed at
that moment and a rush of euphoria swept over me.  In an act of total
surrender I pushed my arms out and fell limp to his moves.  I was a wide
open fuck tunnel with the sole purpose of pleasuring my Marine Man.  "Fuck
an A, Baby Blue!  I'm gonna breed you like no tomorrow" he panted as his
tongue slurped my ear.  He started fucking me like a madman.  Unlike our
usual fucks, this one was all about Primer.  There hadn't been a bit of
care for my comfort and enjoyment from the very start and I think that's
what turned me on the most.  And turned on I was.

I was rock fucking hard at the thought and feel of being held by a larger
and stronger man in the most defenseless position a man can be in.  And
while the former Sargent Anthony "Primer" Ferrato did so, he brutally
buttfucked me into total submission.  He'd knocked me down a peg or ten
from my cocky fucking attitude of just several minutes before.  I mean I'd
actually had the fucking gall to think that I was going to be able to fuck
him.  Him!  The man that had tamed me time and again.  The man that had
gone farther than any other to show me that where my place was.
  And it was under him.

Oh, he treated me like an equal in every way.  Including in the sack.  He
knew who I was.  He knew I needed to be dicked regularly by my man.  And
so, he helped to further define my role, my destiny.  And that was to serve
my top at his whim, but as his equal.  To take dick and never question the
fact that it doing so defined my very sexual being.  And at that moment,
with him on my back, digging deep into my bowels with his proud prong, mine
couldn't have been harder.  The force of his attack was pushing hard
against my joy button, causing copious amounts of seminal fluid to seep out
of me.  Thus, my heated and throbbing tube of flesh was sliding into the
smooth and padded mat, slick with my spew.  Getting fucked in the ass had
just taken on a new dimension.  Pushing back with my hands I tried to keep
my ass up just enough to allow my top maximum penetration without
minimizing the amazing sensation of my manhood rubbing into the mat with
each thrust.

All of this combined in my head and shot with high voltage force into my
groin.  My fucking slut hole gaped as my asslips distended onto his steely
shaft.  The sounds of his jackhammer ramming into my wet and sloppy slash
filled the room.

Cock-walking me around the mat, my Man spewed a string of filth that to
this day could make me hard just by the sound of it.  "Gonna fuckin' split
you in two" he rasped as he spun his body around while remaining balls
deep.  He continued to fuck me like that as he too moved around on the mat.
Laying perpendicular to me, he slid my one leg up almost to my side while
continuing to assault my assguts.  After fucking me for several minutes
like that he slid around so that his feet were at my head.  From that angle
he boned backwards but good.

By the time he made it back onto my back, I was nothing more than a
fucktunnel.  Faster and faster he diddled me deep with his Devil Dog until
his balls were no longer slamming painfully against my own.  With the full
strength of a man about to get his nut, he sprinted towards the finish
line.  I too was getting close to blowing, but it was Primer who got there
first.

"Gonna seed you, Baby Blue!" he warned me.

"Oh, fuck!  Get your gun in me, Stud!" I begged.

"That's it!  Fuckin' take my cum!  Fuckin' take it!  TAKE IT!  AHHHHHHH!
UGGGGGHHHH!" he screamed as he creamed my guts.  Giant spurts hosed my hole
full of ball beer.  The whole time he ejaculated I was just a nano-second
away from getting off myself.  His orgasm was so intense that he babbled
incoherently until he was out of breath.  At the same time, he was so
intent on continuing his powerful penetration that he shifted us around
until I was sitting on his jerking jackhammer.  Without missing a beat he
wrapped his hand around my hardness and stroked me.

"Fuck yourself off, Sean!" he commanded.  "Fuck that bone up your butt,
Baby Blue!"  And fuck it I did.  I moved my feet so that I was squatting
over his ramrod.
  Pulling my ass up I was able to fuck myself on and nearly off his hot
hombre.  Knowing I was close to cumming, I batted his hand away and worked
my prick like only a man can work his own.  For close to a minute I fucked
my needy guts up and down the length of him before getting my nut.  The
first rope of pud pudding rocketed onto his chest and neck.  I sat down on
the full length of him and ground my inner sphincter against his knob as I
fired a second, third, fourth and fifth jet onto his chest and belly.  Ah,
to be 19 again, huh?  From there the spurts coated my hand, slicking my
already tortured trigger ridge, adding another dimension to an already
awesome gun.  What a fucking cum!  When I finished I looked down to the man
that had truly tamed me.  Coated in my spew, he was a fucking butch vision
laying there on that mat.

I was truly humbled.  Primer had taken my challenge and met me head on.
He'd kicked my ass, ate it and then fucked it all in due time.  My ass was
grass.  And sore.  Big time sore.  He had taught me who would always be the
top in our relationship.  As if there was any question.  At least I'd think
twice about threatening him with a buttfucking again.  The buttfucking!
That little session changed things between us.  It actually spiced up our
already hot sex life.  More than a few times after that Primer would take
me to the mat.  After lubing my cock up he'd turn me over on my belly and
fuck me up the ass like the butt-whore I was to him.  Never my favorite
position in bed, I began to crave those mat sessions.  To this day I still
crave the feeling of my cock sliding all over that smooth vinyl mat while a
big man puts it to me.  More than once I shot my nut butter all over that
mat while he showed me who was master of my ass.

It's funny how different things can make a major difference in a
relationship.  Times that make you grow closer.  I remember one time in
particular that encapsulates just how close Primer and I grew.  It was
probably about 8 weeks after we'd met.  One Sunday morning we'd woken early
and taken off to eastern San Diego County to some railroad town out there.
Just the two of us.  We'd hopped out of bed without Primer putting it to
me, so I was a bit horny all day.  The day was absolutely beautiful.  I
remember this overwhelming urge to touch Primer all day.  Holding hands or
walking with arms around each other wasn't an option.  But I had to feel
him.  So, like a puppy, I was constantly pushing, poking and prodding at
him all day.  I know it drove him nuts.

"You're sure full of piss and vinegar today!" he exclaimed early in the
day.
  That transcended into something like, "What's up with you?" with just a
little bewilderment.  Then, after hours of my horseplay, he began to get a
little irritated.  "If you keep that shit up, I'm gonna kick your ass!" he
announced midday.  I was elated.  Kicking my ass wasn't exactly what I had
in mind, but it was close.  Finally, he'd had enough.  "If you don't knock
it off, I'm gonna knock you on your ass!" he said, the irritation barely
concealed.

When I kept it up he finally snapped.  We were walking out in an area of
tall grass not close but within eyesight of the train area.  I guess I gave
him one too many shoves for the day.  Suddenly, he turned around, grabbed
me and knocked me on my ass.  Just like he said he would.  I was sure
surprised, but I wasn't going down without a fight.  On my way down I
grabbed onto him hard and pulled him onto me.  We started wrestling.  And
we didn't stop.  It got to the point that both of us were giving it our all
and neither of us was going to let the other win.  I loved that shit with
him.  As hard as I tried, he was always a little stronger.  Sometimes I'd
just about get him pinned and then he'd have this burst of strength that
would turn the tide.

I have no idea how long we tangled out there, but after a while I was
getting really worn out.  The bigger and stronger man seemed like he was
just catching his second wind when I started feeling like giving up.  There
was something about the look in his eyes though, that spurred me on.  We
got into a full on, balls-to-the-wall wrestling match that had no
indication of ever letting up.  We must have been some sight!  Finally, he
maneuvered us into a position where I was on my back and he was laying on
top of me trying to pin both of my shoulders down.  I fought fucking hard
to prevent him from pinning me, but I was no match to his size and bulk.
Once again, he'd wrestled the fight out of me.

When he finally pinned me, neither one of us said a word.  We were too
winded.  We didn't need to say anything anyway.  We just stayed in that
position, he on top of me, with his body laying over me at an angle.  I
don't know for how long.  He finally turned his body full on top of me.
His head was over mine.  We were both still out of breath, looking into one
another's eyes.  It was clear that he'd bettered me.  And I was so fine
with that.  It turned me on that this incredibly handsome and masculine man
was bigger and stronger than I.  To know that I was giving myself to him
made me feel like I'd never felt before.  Something clicked inside of my
head at that moment.  Something that told me that I should never let go of
him. The realization of that wracked me with emotion.  It was at that very
moment that, for the first time in my young life, I realized that I was in
love.  Everything fell into place.  My eyes filled with tears.  Big time.

"Had enough?" Primer asked, not yet aware of what was going on in my head.

I couldn't answer.  I just held onto him.  Tears streamed from my eyes down
the side of my face.  His brow furrowed with question.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" he said.  He started to get up.  I held onto him.  "You
hurt?" he asked with concern.

I still couldn't talk.  I felt like such a fucking idiot.  I shook my head.

"What's up?" he asked, puzzled.

It took all the strength I had to speak.  When I did it was a long exhale
of breath and emotion.  "I love you!" I blurted as the tears flowed.  The
look on Primer's face changed from one of question to a smile.

"I know you do" he simply stated.

"You do?" I asked with surprise.  "How"

"I've known for a while"

"How?" I asked again.

"A man just knows" he simply stated.

"Well, thanks for telling me!" I said, feeling like a fool for just a
second.  The tears were still flowing.  Me, a big and butch Marine,
blubbering like a schoolgirl and in public no less.

"Hey, hey, hey!" he continued, "We've all got to figure it out in our own
time"

"I'm not sure how to deal with this, Prime!" I said, wiping my nose.

"Shhhhhhh!" he instructed.  "We'll figure it out"

"For the last few weeks all I can think about is you and being with you"

"Yah, well that's a good sign you're in love"

"Do you feel the same way, Prime?" I asked, fearing the answer.

He answered by kissing me deeply.  "More that you'll ever know, Baby Blue!"

"I mean do you-----------"

"--------I love you" he interrupted.  "I told you that weeks ago".  He had
actually said it some time before that, but I had blown it off because,
frankly, I'd heard it before.

"Yah, I know, but---------"

"-------no buts.  I said it and I meant it," he said earnestly.  I looked
up into his eyes and saw the honesty there.  Never before had I wanted a
man more in my life.  I gripped onto him even tighter.

"Oh, fuck, Prime!  Make love to me!" I whispered.

"Piece of cake" he soothed back.  Now, I know what some of you are
thinking, how fucking sappy, right? It wasn't like that at all.  What had
started out as a fun game of grab-ass had quickly transcended into some
honest soul searching between two masculine guys that just happened to love
each other.

Looking around, Primer spied people beyond the field we were laying in.  As
he scanned, I looked from side to side.  Even from my angle I could tell
that the tallish grass surrounding us wasn't tall enough to hide us from
public view.
  The whole encounter between us had taken place in a short period of time.
If somebody was looking they'd only seen two masculine men playing a little
grab-ass.  Nothing that would draw any suspicion.  However, we couldn't
stay there much longer and we both knew it.  There was a clear and unspoken
understanding between us that we conveyed with our eyes.

Before getting up, Primer spoke to me.  "I'm going to take you home and
make love to you all night long, Baby Blue".  With that he kissed me and
hopped up, offering me his hand.  I stood and wiped off the dried grass
before following my lover to the car.  In no time we were on the highway
heading for the private place of his apartment.  The sun, the exertion and
the emotion had all combined on me to make me drowsy.  I lay back in my
seat, contented with the feel of my man's hand stroking my inner thigh.  We
weren't in the car for 15 minutes before I dozed off.  When we arrived
home, Primer woke me by planting a big kiss on me.  I opened my eyes to
discover that we were parked safely in front of his apartment.

What ensued over the next several hours was an incredibly long and intense
love making session that was completely different from the rough and tumble
type of sex that Primer and I usually had. Generally, not too much about
him was gentle.
  He was a man and loved men.  He loved fucking men and, at the same time,
he fucked like a man.  But that night was different.  It many ways it was
very similar to the first night we were together.  It seemed that it was
all about me.  He was so fucking attentive all night.  Not that he wasn't
normally, but that night he made love to me at the exclusion of his own
pleasures.

We hadn't made it 5 feet inside of the door before he was wrapped around
me.
  He enveloped me with his arms, legs, hands and mouth.  He was everywhere
at once on my body.  While he was grinding his hardening tube against my
own, his hands were caressing my ass and working my tits simultaneously as
his mouth and tongue were sucking my neck and ears.  It seemed that he was
working all of my erogenous zones at once.  My whole fucking body was one
big slab of gooseflesh.  Inside of two minutes he had me ravenous for him.
I wanted him.  I wanted to be taken by him.  I needed to be taken by him.

Ripping my shirt over my head, he plunged down on my exposed pits.  He bit
and sucked from there to my hard pecs, where he worked my nipples to the
edge of my tolerance with his teeth.  Damn, but he always knew just how far
he could go and bring me along with him.  He quickly spun me around so that
his now hard cock was pressing against my best asset.  The heat of our
bodies transcended the two layers of denim and another two layers of cotton
briefs separating us.  Primer licked and kissed my neck while his fingers
worked my tits to perfection.  The net effect of that, of course, was that
I bucked back into him like a man in need of something.  At the same time
he was creating and uncontrollable itch in me, he was offering me the
scratch I knew I'd get.

My hole was gaping and the cotton of my briefs was soaking up the butt
juices that were already starting to flow.  I turned around and planted a
wet one on the man's face.  Like two starving animals, we sucked face with
masculine force.  Our breathing was labored as we tore at one another.
Bare smooth chest to bare hairy chest we rutted like two bulls right there
in the entry hall.  Tugging at my shorts, he undid the button and fly with
precision before sliding them down over the hard and cotton- covered mounds
of my butt. Stepping out of my shorts and clad only in my white briefs, I
wrapped my leg around his.  The fur there felt good against the sensitive
flesh of my inner thigh.  I skinned his shorts in a hurry and allowed him
to step free of them before we embraced once again.  At that point only our
thin and precum soaked briefs kept our bulging manhoods from dueling with
one another.

Primer pulled my leg up to his waist, giving him access to my balls and the
heated flesh below them.  While his tongue explored my open mouth, his
hands roamed free over my asscheeks and probed below my balls to the portal
of my entrails.  With his other hand, he reached for the leg keeping me
grounded on the floor.  Instinctively, I reached up and locked my hands
around the back of his neck.  He smiled at how well we were moving in
unison.

"Good boy!" he hoarsed as he raised my leg, shifting my weight to his
strong arms.  Pulling my leg up to his waist, he moved his cock between my
legs as my balls mashed against it from the force of all of my 160 pounds.
Hoisting me up, he allowed me to wrap my legs around his waist.

"Unhhhh!" I moaned as his fingers danced across my pucker, pressing the
cotton briefs onto my inflamed asslips.  Using my abdominal muscles, I
pulled my legs up further and ground my hole against the turgid tube
throbbing in his soaked briefs.  Taking that as his cue, Primer walked us
across the Living Room, down the hall and into the bedroom.  Kicking the
door shut, the older, wiser and stronger man lay me down on his bed.

Climbing in his rightful place on top of me, my lover took advantage of my
submissive legs-spread position and ground his ample cockflesh against my
own.  For several minutes we rolled around on that bed, pressing against
one another while pulling at one another's briefs.  His fingers moved
inside of the leg openings of mine to caress and prod at my balls and
steely shaft.  Reaching down his back, I slid my hands below the waist band
of his briefs and ran my fingers through the dusting of fur on his hard ass
mounds.

Primer worked at my briefs until they were stretched and half off of me.
When he stood to remove them from me he was a fucking vision to behold.
The hard contours of his muscles were softened by the hair covering them.
His manhood jutted purposefully away from his crotch, clearly visible
through his man-dew soaked shorts.  Slowly and very seductively, he removed
my briefs and dropped them to the floor but not before he inhaled my
manscent from them.  Typical of Primer, who didn't view himself as anything
special, he quickly shucked his own briefs without fanfare.  The knob of
his cock was crimson and the wetness shown in the low light of the room.

He slowly descended onto the bed and moved between my legs on his knees.
Suddenly, he swooped down and feasted on my balls.  Sucking each one
individually into his mouth, he rolled the sum of them around inside of his
hot and wet mouth before moving to higher ground.  When he swallowed my
aching rod, I thought I was going to lose it on the spot.  For several
minutes he bathed my bone in spit, alternately sucking on the sensitive
trigger ridge under the spongy head then battering his tonsils with the
full length of it.  That led to even more sucking as his tongue moved
across my pubic patch to the very ticklish sides of my belly.  With all my
might I tried to resist pushing him away as his tongue danced across my
belly to my side and then across to the other side.  As difficult as it
was, I was able to do so thus turning the ticklish sensations into those of
sensuousness and heightening my pleasure at the same time.

Primer washed across my belly a few more times before moving south for the
prize that he cherished so much.  In no time, he had moved his wet and
active tongue to that super sensitive flesh between my balls and asshole.
With little effort, he eventually parted my asslips and began sucking and
probing on my aroused pucker.  Holding my legs in the air, I gave the man I
loved full access to the innermost flesh of my being.  For several glorious
minutes that time forgot, he prodded my clenched knot open to a hot and
horny hole that was just begging to be filled.  When he was finished
feasting on my fanny, he moved up so that his hardness was resting in the
valley of my heated asscrack.  At the same time, his magic fingers spread
cool lube all around and just inside my butthole.  Once done, he teased me
unmercifully by rubbing his swollen and slippery, wet knob against the
sensitive flesh that I desperately wanted parted by him.

Placing my legs on his shoulders, he lowered his face to mine.  I was
spread eagled, my hole was defenseless to the moves of this incredible man
and I could look at him in the face as he used me for his own.

"Let yourself go, Sean" he whispered in my ear.  "Show me what you want" he
urged further.  As if he didn't know!  I was a hot assed, smooth skinned,
blond and blue eyed 19 year old Stud that couldn't get enough of that man's
8" column of flesh.  And he was a 30 year old, hairy chested, olive skinned
Italian whose uncut slab of salami was perfection in motion.  We were
ideally suited for one another and were told that we made an awesome pair.
Hell, we were an awesome pair.

The way he treated me and the things he did to me made me want to surrender
my innermost flesh to him.  His hips instinctively propelled his cocksnout
into my opening, touching but not yet breaching my manbud.  I squirmed to
get him inside of me.

"Whadda doin'?" he asked me.

"Fuckin' my Daddy's dick" I replied.

"Not yet you aren't" he teased.

"Oh, fuck!  You gotta dick me, Prime!  Stick me, please!" I begged as I
pushed my hole onto him.  We made the connection and he pushed his hips a
fraction of an inch, allowing his bulbous knob, shucked free of its
protective shield, to slide effortlessly inside of me with a quick pop.  My
eyes bulged with lust and surprise at the sensation.  He pulled back a tiny
bit so as not to hurt me, and smiled.

"Take me inside of you, Stud" he ordered.  "Take all of me."  Gripping onto
him and using my abs again, I maneuvered my butt so that I could impale
myself on my man's meat.

"Unnhhhh!" I groaned as I buried about half of his 8 inches in me.

"That's it.  Take what you want, Baby" he cooed.  I couldn't help myself.
I pushed my hole further down onto him, moving closer to taking everything
he had to offer.  There's nothing like the first feeling of a man's cock
inside of you.  I could feel his pulse pounding in his cock.

"AHHHHHH!" I purred.  "Fuck me, Daddy!"

"That's right, Baby Blue," he cooed, "fuck yourself on that bone."  I
pushed down, forcing more of his manhood inside of me.  My butt was open
and receptive to whatever he could deliver to me.  "How's that feel?"

"Oh, Gawd, Sir," I groaned, "get it all the way inside of me"

"Is that what you want?"

"Yah!  Fuckin' make my hole big!" I begged, mashing my asslips against his
short and curlies.  The swollen knob of his proud prick was mashed against
my second sphincter with a little discomfort.  All it took was a long and
wet open-mouthed kiss to inflame me enough that even that subsided.  Primer
held perfectly and maddeningly still, which forced me to wriggle on his
boner to get the friction I so desperately needed.  The net result of that
is that I worked his knob through my inner sphincter.  When it tore through
and my hole distended onto his rigid shaft, we both gasped from the
sensation.

"Fuck yah, Stud!  Daddy's all the way inside of you" he groaned.

"Oh fuck, Daddy, dick your boy deep" I begged.

"You gotta show your Daddy what you want, Son."  And I did.  I moved my
gaping gash along the length of him, raking millions of nerve cells of his
shaft and knob along the slippery walls of my mancunt.  I knew that I
wouldn't have to do all the fucking for long.  It was bound to get to him
and, sure enough, those pelvic thrusts so instinctive to men started soon
enough.

Slow and deliberate strokes took Primer fully inside of my sucking and
slurping flesh only to have him retreat until just his super sensitive head
remained.  Like a man born to fuck, he bred me like a pro.  Slow and
deliberate turned into deep and grinding turned into a steady and rhythmic
fuck at a pace that only a man could handle.  I was once again, under this
incredible man and teacher as he drilled yet another lesson of advanced
buttfuck into me.  As I said before, that night was all about me.  And what
a night it was. Primer was in rare form, even for him.  Initially taking me
on my back, he moved me to my side, lifted my right leg up high and
proceeded to deep dick me like no tomorrow.  That led to him flipping me
over onto my belly where he cock-walked me all across the bed before
pinning me against the headboard where he showed me who was master of my
hole.  As he mined me with his meat, I pushed my butt up to give him every
advantage to angle of penetration.  When I seemed to tire of that position,
Primer pulled me to the edge of the bed, flipped me over on my back and
stood where he could really drill me.  I was like a rag doll in his hands.
All I knew was that I was getting filled and drilled with 8 inches of the
sweetest Italian sausage a man could ask for.

Reaching down, Primer moved his arms under my legs and stood up!  As if he
was lifting weights, he proceeded to lift and press me up and down on his
red hot poker.  Skewered onto a seemingly endless supply of cock, I relaxed
completely in his arms and let him have his way with me.  Sensing my
complete surrender, the strong ex- Marine lay me down on my back once
again, moved a pillow under my ass and set to fucking me off.

The longer, faster and deeper he fucked me the closer and closer I got to
getting off.  I could already tell that at some point I was going to have a
momentous orgasm without even touching myself.  My naked and unprotected
cockknob was pressed between our bellies, it's sensitive underside fully
exposed to the movements of Primer's hairy belly.  For an amazing period of
time, the man fucked me full tilt time and time again, only to rest with
slow and deep probings every once in a while.  Finally on one of his
sprints, I began losing control.

"AW, NO!" I wailed.  "You're gonna make me cum!"

"Oh, yah!  Fuckin' get your nut, Stud!  Give your cum to Daddy."  Those
words brought me even closer.  I felt my prostate swell up and get hard.
That condition wasn't missed by Primer.  "Oh, fuck yah!" he rasped as his
knob raked over it time and time again.  I was feeling that familiar buzz
in my balls that told me that I was going to spew soon.  Grabbing Primer's
face, I sucked on his tongue.  Being a world class kisser, he picked up the
slack and breathed heavy through his mouth as he worked on mine.  Fast and
deep from all the way out to all the way in, his cock moved in me.  I
started shaking.

"Gonna cum, Daddy!" I reported.

"Good Boy!  Show Daddy your stuff!"

"Oh fuck, Sir!  You're making me shoot!" I warned as my prostate locked and
loaded.  Primer hips were in a blur delivering over and over the 8 inches I
needed so desperately.  I couldn't help myself against his advances.  My
toes curled, my legs shook, my hole spasmed around his rooting rod and it
all came to a head just nanoseconds before I fired rope after rope of
Gyrene goo all over our chests and bellies.  Apparently the feel of me
spewing was all Primer needed.  As soon as the first jets coated the space
between us, his hips went into overdrive.  Just a few seconds before I
started coming out of the post orgasmic fog, my man let loose with a load
of ball beer that tested my butt's ability for storage.  Frozen balls deep
into place, that fucking Jarhead jetted jizz inside of me like no tomorrow.
With his balls snapped tight against his shaft, he pumped me full of his
seed.

When it was all over I knew that I'd been bred.  We'd been at it for some
time and, even though we were hungry, the exhaustion took over and we fell
asleep for a long nap.  He finally woke up around midnight and went into
the kitchen to scrounge up something to eat.  I rolled out of bed and
joined him.  After sating ourselves at the table we returned once again to
bed where the bigger and stronger man maneuvered me onto all fours where he
proceeded to put it to me once again.  That night was definitely a turning
point in our relationship.

Over the next couple of months we slipped deeper and deeper into an intense
and monogamous thing.  I spent practically every waking hour off base at
his place with him and Gunner was a real prince about the whole thing.  We
hardly ever saw him.  It was like having the place to ourselves.  Looking
back at those days I realize that we could have never sustained the pace we
were relating at.  As they say, all good things.....



I'll never forget the night that it all came crashing down.  Primer was
home when I walked in the door. Gunner was there as well, though he split
almost immediately.  I thought he was taking off to give Primer and I some
privacy, but now that I look back on it, the sheepish look on his face
should have tipped me off. I was very young (19) and didn't pick up on the
somber mood in the house.  Primer took me in his arms, as he always did,
and kissed me purposefully.  There was a sense of urgency to him.

"I love you, Sean" he sighed as we stood in the Kitchen.

"Yes, Sir.  I know that" I affirmed.  "I love you too."  He reacted by
becoming even more amorous than usual.  Everything was more than usual.  He
paid more attention to me than usual.  He was even more sensual than usual.
He took me into his bed.  That was unusual for that hour.  He made love to
me for an incredible period of time.  All the while he kept telling me that
he loved me.  This young-and-dumb-full-of-cum 19 year-old Gyrene just ate
it up.  It was the best lovemaking session we'd had in a long time.  He'd
spent nearly an hour with his cock up my ass, sending me to the moon.  He'd
been incredibly attentive and masterfully loving.  Afterward, I lay in his
arms basking in the afterglow of an awesome fuck and orgasm.  I had a
buttful of his cum, he was wrapped around me and the night was young.  What
more could I possibly want?

"There's something I need to talk about with you" he started.

"Oh?"

"Yah.  I've been offered another job"

"Cool!" I replied with youthful exuberance.  He chuckled and held me
closer.

"It's a great opportunity and there's a substantial pay raise involved"

"So when do you start?"

"In about 30 days" he answered.

"That's great," I said, still unaware of what was coming.

"There's just one thing," he said warily.  For the first time I felt some
kind of regret or dread.  I still didn't understand it, but the feeling was
there.

"What's that?" I asked with caution.

"I have to move" he answered quickly, gripping tighter onto me.  A bolt of
fear shot through me.

"How far away?" I asked, fearing the answer.

"Far" is all he said.  Instantly, I felt ill.

"How far?" I said, not wanting to hear the answer.

"The east coast" he stated flatly.  It hit me like a ton of bricks.
Instinctively, I tried to crawl out of bed but he just held me closer.

"Stay" was all he said.  Everything started spinning through my head all at
once.  I flashed on the apartment being empty in a month and me stranded in
California without him.  It was more than I could handle.  I struggled to
wrestle myself free from him.  He could have held me there, but he allowed
me to pull free.  Springing up, I bolted to the foot of the bed where my
clothes were.  Grabbing them, I started dressing.

"You're not going anywhere," he calmly said.

"Oh, yah?" I shot back.

"I mean it, Sean" he said with emphasis.  "You've got to stay here and talk
this over"

"The hell I do!" I spat, looking at him.  I was starting to lose it and I
sure as hell didn't want Primer to see me do it.

"Please stay" he pleaded.

"No can do, Sir!" I answered.  My lower lip was starting to shake.  My eyes
were full of tears.  I struggled to get my pants on.

"You can't go!" he raised his voice.

"Why not?  You are!" I stabbed.  The hurt in his eyes was instant.  I'd cut
deep.  If I could have taken the words back I would have.  He looked
pained.  He was hurting and that tore me up even more.

"Where are you going?"  His voice was shaking.

"I dunno" I said honestly.  "I just have to get out of here." I continued
to dress.

"I'm begging you, Baby Blue!" he choked, "Don't leave here tonight"

I was mad and hurt and nearly speechless at the same time.  Tears flowed
freely down my cheeks and it pissed me off that I couldn't control it.  I'd
been able to get my pants and shirt on.  Grabbing my boots and socks I
said, "I gotta get away from here" and headed for the bedroom door.
Suddenly he jumped up and grabbed my hands.  He looked me right in the
eyes.  Tears were flowing from his as well.

"Don't do it!" he whispered.

"Goodbye, Sir!" was all I could choke out before I couldn't talk anymore.
I pulled free of his grip, spun around and walked out.  Crossing the Living
Room, I was holding it together pretty good until just before I reached the
front door.

"GODDAMN IT, SEAN!" he yelled from the hallway, "FUCKIN' THINK WHAT YOU'RE
DOING!"  Instinctively, I turned to look at him.  His face was all
contorted and he was obviously in a lot of pain.

"What's to think, Sir?" I sobbed, "It's fuckin' over."  He hung his head.

"You're making this so hard, Babe" was all he said.  "I'm asking you again
not to leave"

"Why shouldn't I?" I stuttered.

"BECAUSE I LOVE YOU!" he yelled, slowly walking towards me.

"Oh, yah?" I challenged.  My youth and inexperience was really beginning to
show.  "Fuckin' funny of showing it, Sir!"

"And you love me" he rasped, ignoring my statement.  That got me.  I was
riveted to the spot.  I dropped my boots.  We stood for a moment looking at
one another about 15 feet apart.  All the emotion of the moment ganged up
on me.

"What the fuck are we gonna do, Sir?" was all I could mutter before I broke
down.  Primer crossed the room in record time and held me in his arms.  I
couldn't control my sobbing.  I gripped him tightly.

"I dunno, Baby Blue!" was all he could say.

"You can't go!  You can't go!" I choked.  "You can't leave me here, Prime.
I've got 2 years left in the Corps.  I'll never get a transfer"

"I know, I know"

"What the fuck am I gonna do?"

"You'll be ok, Stud" he soothed, "We'll figure it out."  He always had a
way of making things better.  But he knew there was no way things were
going to be better.  He knew that he'd move away and we'd drift apart. He
knew I'd get restless and wander.  He knew that no matter how hard I'd try,
my youth would get the better of me.  Primer knew he was going to lose me
the second he accepted the job on the east coast.  It was a great job
promotion and a fantastic career move.  And it had major personal
consequences.  Through all that, Primer knew that he'd made the correct
decision.  It would take me a long, long time to get over that and years
before I saw things through Primer's eyes.

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Sun, 14 Nov 1999 16:24:11 PST
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 3: Primer and Gunner

A Few Good Men 3:
Primer and Gunner


After a few trysts with Brian, the ex-Marine I'd met, I'd become a regular
fixture at the gay bar where he worked.  Even though I was underage, as
long as I was discrete he'd let me drink beer there.  He said he liked
keeping an eye on me and that I was good for business.  Whatever!
Occasionally Brian and I would still do the nasty.  There was never
anything but just hot and unbridled sex between us.  It was hot, but it
wasn't the same as it had been between Kiley and me.

After months and months of searching for a man to replace Kiley I struck
gold one Saturday night.  I'd had a few beers and was feeling quite
relaxed.  I hadn't been able to get off base for much action for about 10
days so I was really horny.  Thus I was a tad bit more aggressive than
usual.  I'd been standing at the backside of the bar for a while where I
could get a good view of the crowd when I spotted him.

From across the room he caught my eye.  Standing about 6' tall and
weighing in about 190 lbs of pure muscle was a vision that made my butthole
quiver.  His dark hair was short and almost military, yet not a Corps cut.
His pecs and arms made his otherwise loose fitting tee shirt bulge in all
the right places.  An olive complexion made his pearly whites look
absolutely dazzling.  Seemingly unaware of anyone else in the
place---especially me--he was chatting and laughing with a taller and
bigger man.  From the looks of them I guessed that they were former
military.  The Stud was doing most of the talking while I just stared.  The
taller man must have noticed because he pointed me out.  When the god
turned, smiled and tipped his beer at me my dick burped a heady goo of
precum.  No sooner than that and the taller man disappeared leaving the
Stud and I making eyes from across the room.

That didn't last long, however.  It wasn't seconds later that he crossed
the room in my direction.  Damn, but the front view of him was even better
than from the side.  He had a masculine swagger, a compact waist and a
definite heaviness in the right side of his pants that shifted as he
walked.  I like what I saw!  With purpose he closed the distance between us
in one fluid motion.

"Evening, Soldier!" he greeted as he reached my side.

"Evening, Sir!" I answered.  There was no question that addressing him as
an officer was appropriate.  Everything about him exuded Sergeant.

"At ease...Private?" he questioned.

"Lance Corporal, Sir" I answered.

"Lance Corporal _________________?" he queried, fishing for my name.

"Sean.  Sean McLellan, Sir" I answered crisply, extending my hand.

"Primer" he retorted gripping my hand in earnest.

"Primer, Sir?"

He chuckled and explained as we shook hands.  "A nickname I picked up in
the service.  It's really Tony.  Tony Ferrato.  Everybody calls me Primer
though"

"Pleased to meet you, Primer, Sir"

Rolling his eyes, he admonished me to be less formal.  "You can drop the
`Sir' part, Sean.  It's been a while since I've been in the Corps.  How'd
you know anyway?"

"It's obvious, Sir" I continued.  "So what is it, Corporal Ferrato?"

"Sergeant" he corrected.

"Ahhhhh" I intoned.  "Sergeant Anthony Ferrato.  Very pleased to meet you,
Sir!"

"Please call me Primer, Sean"

"Maybe when I get to know you better and how you got that nickname, Sir"

"Very well" he sighed with a sly smile on his face.  "But I've got to warn
you, it's a sorted tale"

"I look forward to hearing it, Sir" I beamed, my beer muscles kicking up.
Just his mannerisms commanded my respect.

"Oh, I think I can arrange to have the whole story brought forward in due
time" he teased.

Our conversation was light and easy.  Almost cat and mouse but friendly.
His presence reeked of sexiness and, as such, he made me a bit nervous.
He, on the other hand, was completely at ease and obviously in full control
of the situation.  He proceeded to tell me that he'd been in the Corps for
8 years right out of high school.  The first four he'd been married then
got a divorce and reupped.  The last 3 years in the Corps he was a
Sergeant.  He had gone to work for a civilian contractor off base after
being discharged 4 years ago.

Primer also briefly referred to the tall man he'd been talking to earlier
as his buddy that he'd met in the service and roomed with now.  The way he
mentioned it left little question to the fact that they were just friends.
It was pretty obvious that I was fast becoming smitten with a 30 year old,
masculine, handsome, single Italian gay male.  My favorite kind!

After a comfortable period of time the taller man appeared and we were
introduced.  "Lance Corporal Sean McLellan, this is Sergeant Jerry
Kozinski, otherwise known as Gunner"

"It's a pleasure, Sean" he said smiling.  I couldn't help but notice how
his huge hand wrapped around mine.

"Gunner, Sir?" I questioned, blurting out the first thought that came to my
head.

"Yah" he said somewhat sheepishly, "It's a name I picked up in the service
and it's stuck"

Their nicknames intrigued me.  "Primer and Gunner" I mused.  "Sirs?"  They
both just chuckled in a dismissive sort of way.

"Aw, c'mon, Sean!  Cut the `Sir' stuff.  It's just us" Gunner insisted.

"I already asked him" Primer informed him, "But he likes it.  And I think
it fits him"

Shrugging his agreement, Gunner turned to the bar and then back to us.
"Want another beer, Guys?" he asked.  Primer intoned positively and I
nodded.

"Are you even old enough to drink beer, Sean?" Gunner teased.

"Brian thinks so" I answered, pointing out my bartender buddy.

"Knowing what I know about Brian, I'll bet he thinks your old enough to do
other things to, huh?" Gunner continued.

"He does and I am" I shot back.

Gunner turned to Primer.  "He's just too fucking cute"

"Isn't he?" Primer answered.  "Baby Blue Marine"

"With big blue eyes to match" Gunner added.

"And lips that could tempt a Drill Sergeant" Primer continued.

Caught up in the moment, Gunner went on.  "And pecs you just wanna tear at
with your teeth"

"And a butt that can bring a grown man to his knees" Primer chortled.  They
both laughed goodheartedly.  The compliments were a bit too much.  Always a
bit shy and never able to hide even the slightest bit of embarrassment, my
face turned crimson.

"Ah, now look what you've done, Prime.  You've embarrassed the poor boy"
Gunner said with humor.  Primer immediately reached out and put his arm
around my shoulder. Gunner busied himself at the bar with retrieving
another round of beers.

"Hey, Baby Blue Marine, I'm sorry if I embarrassed you!" he apologized,
pulling me closer.  "But it's all the truth"

Standing there with his arm around me I noticed that unique scent of man
that tore into the very core of my being. Because it's the most natural
thing to do when men are attracted to one another we drew even closer.
Primer moved behind me and reached around me with both arms.  As if on auto
pilot the action slowly and naturally proceeded.  His hot breath on my neck
caused me to spoon into him, grinding my butt into his crotch.  He was warm
and it felt good being cuddled by him.  I felt safe and secure.  I felt
like I had a purpose being with him.  I know he felt the same.  Precum
flowed freely from my hardening cock.  I felt the fullness in his pants
harden against my backside.  By the time Gunner turned around with our
beers I'm afraid my arousal was obvious and it wasn't lost on him.

"Sheez, Guys!" he chuckled, holding a cold one for each of us, "Am I going
to have to pour these on you to cool you down or what?"

"Oh, I think we could find a better way of cooling off, Gun" Primer said,
taking the brews out of his friend's hand and handing me one.

"Have fun then" Gunner said as he clinked our bottles with his and
disappeared across the bar.

"Oh, Baby Blue!  You feel just too fucking good" Primer whispered in my
ear, grinding his hardness against my butt.  "And you do have some fucking
butt on you"

I answered with a double entendre.  "You're very perceptive, Sir"

The meaning wasn't lost on him.  With his free hand he reached up and
stroked my nipple through the crisp cotton covering it while his denim
covered dick danced between my denim covered cheeks.  My hole nipped at the
rough denim seam riding across it while yet another copious spurt of goo
flowed from my engorged prick.  A quick glance down confirmed my suspicions
that a sizeable wet spot had formed on my pants.

"Goddamn, but you've got me hot" he rasped, raking his teeth across my
neck.  My free hand shot out, gripping his leg and pulling him closer to
me.

"I'll give you ten fucking years to knock that off, Sir!" I moaned.

"Like that shit, huh?" he asked running his tongue over the back of my
neck.

"Oh, fuck yah!" I spat, bucking my butt against his boner.

"Once I get started, Stud, It might take me ten years to finish" he
whispered.

"I'm counting on it, Sir"

"Oh, fuck!  I'll just bet you mean that too, huh?"

"Cross my heart"

"Oh, Baby Blue, you're no quick ride are you?" he asked as his breathing
got heavier.  "You've got a deep itch that only a patient man can scratch,
right?"

"Fuck!  How'd you know, Sir?"

"It's written all over you, Baby Blue"

"Sir?"

"Let's just say, we're totally in tune with another, Sean"

"I hope so, Sir!"

He chuckled a bit.  "Is there any doubt?"

"None on my part"

He reached down and wrapped his hand around my pulsating hard on.  "Yah,
your part has no doubts!"

I reached in between us and rubbed what felt like a large column of
manflesh.  "Nor on yours, Sir"

Primer then ran his fingers up and down the butt seam of my Levis.  "We're
gonna get along just fucking fine, Baby Blue".  My hole gaped as his
fingers ran over it.

"Oh, God, I want it" I moaned.  Again, the beer and the heat of the moment
combined got to me and I verbalized the first thought that came to me.

"And I want you to give it up, Stud"

"Oh, fuck, Sir!  It's all yours!" I said as I pushed my hole onto his
probing fingers.  Suddenly I wished we were naked.

"And I'm going to take it, Sean.  Honest to God I hope I can do you fine"

"I'm counting on it, Sir!"

"Semper Fi, Lance Corporal"

"Semper Fi, Sergeant"

"When do you have duty next?"

"08:00 hours Monday, Sir"

"You free until then?"

"Sir, yes, Sir!"

"Whaddya say we go practice maneuvers at my place until then, ok?"

I slipped out of his arms before stiffening into a mock attention posture
and saluting him.  With my best military duty voice I said, "Lance Corporal
McLellan reporting for duty, at the Sergeants pleasure, Sir!"

He laughed and hugged me tight.  "Let's get the fuck outta here"

"You're in charge, Sir"

Not ten minutes later we'd rounded up a seemingly bored Gunner and were
headed to their place in his truck.  The wet spot on the front of my jeans
was about 4 inches round and a similar one was prominent on the front of
Primer's.  We couldn't keep our hands off one another during the 20 minute
ride.  Gunner took it with humor.

"Damn, Guys!  Am I going to have to hose you two down when we get home?"

"Let me worry about the hosing, huh?" Primer shot back, squeezing my leg.

"Whewie, Prime.  You've got the fucking horns up tonight, huh?"

"I've hit the fucking jackpot, Buddy!" he crowed as he pulled me closer to
him.

"Oh, I think I'm the one who's looking at triple 7s" I interjected.

"Jesus, Guys, the way you two are carrying on I think there's gonna be a
nuclear fucking meltdown tonight" Gunner teased.

"Why didn't you scare up a little fission for yourself tonight, Sir?" I
asked Gunner.

"The usual, Sean.  The only ride I'm gonna get tonight is this one" he
said, holding up his right hand.

"Riding the palm pony again, Gun?" Primer mused.

"Guess so" he laughed.

"Geez, Sir, with your looks you shouldn't have any problem finding a ride"
I said.

"Thanks, Stud" he answered dismissedly, giving my leg a friendly squeeze.

"I mean it, Sir!"

He acknowledged my comment with a compliment.  "Goddamn, Prime, he is just
too fucking cute!"

"Isn't he?" Primer answered, giving me a kiss on the cheek.

"So, why don't you go out and round up a ride then?  The night is young" I
challenged.

"Uh, that's seldom possible, Sean"

"Why not?  You're a damned good looking guy.  Guys should be begging for
it".  They both laughed uproaringly.

"Well, thanks for the vote of confidence, Sean.  There's just more to me
than meets the eye I guess" Gunner rambled.  They both laughed again.

"Boy that's an understatement!" Primer chortled.  Obviously there was more
to the story that I was privy to.

"Whatever, Sirs!" I said with bemused humor.

"Tell you what, Sean.  I'll take what you said to heart.  Who knows.  The
night is still young.  We'll see what happens, ok?  Meanwhile, I know you
two are going to have a good time!'

"Want the video?" Primer mused, squeezing my leg.

"Shit, that would be a hot one!  But just the memory of the sight of the
two of you together at the bar could get most guys off!" he shot back.

Primer pulled me close again.  "We should probably shoot a video, huh Sean?
We'd probably make a fortune!".  My face flushed red again and Gunner
caught it.

"Goddamn, Primer!  You've gone and embarrassed the poor boy again!"

Just then we pulled into their complex.  A garage door opened and we slid
inside.  Walking from the garage, through the kitchen we moved to the
inside of their apartment.  Within seconds Gunner disappeared, leaving
Primer and I to ourselves.

All at once I was in Primer's arms again.  We stood in the Living Room
staring into each other's eyes.  Holding my head in his hands, his full
lips closed over mine.  Ever so slowly, his tongue moved past my lips.
Tenderly, but with the determination of a man, he penetrated my mouth and
possessed me.  He tasted of beer.  He smelled of man musk.  That clean yet
unmistakably male scent emanating from his underarms filled my nostrils and
went straight to that joy button deep in my butt where it exploded at the
speed of light throughout my body.  Reaching up to hold onto the taller
man, my tee shirt pulled out of the waistband of my jeans.  Grinding my
hardness against him, I could feel wetness surrounding his cockhead on my
exposed belly.

The action intensified as we ground our maleness against one another.  With
his knees, Primer kicked my legs apart and moved in between them.  To keep
from falling backward, I tightened my arms around his neck.  While his
mouth moved from mine to my ears to my neck he reached down and grabbed my
butt, pulling me upward.  As my feet left the floor the inside of my thighs
slid along the outside of his.  With tremendous strength he pulled me
upward until my legs were wrapped around his waist.

I was completely lost in his arms.  He was holding my entire weight in
them.  I desperately wanted to feel his dick inside of me and he knew it.
Staring me in the eyes, he ground his prick against me.

"Show me what you need, Baby Blue" he cooed.

I pulled my legs further up.  God, he was so fucking strong!  Despite the
fact that he was supporting my entire 160 lbs he didn't show a hint of
tiring.  Lost in the gaze of those big brown eyes, I just wanted to give
myself to him completely.  Giving my abs a heavy workout I pulled my legs
up as far as they'd go and ground my butt against his throbbing tube.  With
an additional show of strength, Primer moved me up and down against his
hardness.  Despite the fact that there were two layers of denim and two
layers of cotton briefs between us I could feel the length of him nestled
against the tender flesh of my distended pucker.

"That's it, Baby!" he rasped.  "Come to Daddy"

The pace was set for the night.  It was to be a balls-to-the-wall fuck fest
and we both knew it.  Both of us were in tip top physical condition.  Both
of us were in a sexual heat that could only be cooled by intense man to man
action.  Both of us had tremendous stamina.  One of us had the potential to
out fuck the other.  It just wasn't clear which one of us it was.

With my legs wrapped around him and my hole dancing on his boner, he walked
us into his room.  Laying me down on the bed on my back he slowly and
deliberately undressed me.  Once done, he stepped back and appraised his
prized possession.  Flaring nostrils belied his approval.

"Oh, my God!" he groaned, "You're such a fucking Stud!"

My cock leaped and my hole gaped at his approval.  I felt incredibly sexy
and desired.  Never breaking eye contact, I scooted up on the bed and lay
my head on the pillows leaning against the headboard.  Without saying a
word, I communicated my need for him through my eyes.  Responding to those
needs, he slowly stripped.  My pulse quickened when he removed his tee
shirt.  Dark hair swirled over his hard pecs, hugged his tight belly and,
in a wide band, disappeared into the waistband of his jeans.

After kicking off his boots, he unbuttoned the fly of his 501s.  Pulling
them down over his hips he quickly stepped out of them.  My cock surged at
the sight before me.  Naked, except for the bright white cotton briefs that
barely encased his manhood, he was a fucking vision.  I say barely encased
because the heaviness of it was pulling the waistband away from the man's
body.  His briefs were soaked with his own natural lube making the dark
column of flesh underneath very visible.  It seamed that it had a life of
it's own as well. I swear I saw it throbbing to his heartbeat.  In a flash
he shucked his briefs and stood naked before me.  Fully eight inches of man
meat pointed directly at me, the head just barely peeking out of the long
foreskin surrounding it.

Primer crawled on all fours to me and I opened my arms and welcomed him.
I'll never forget that first naked embrace between us.  In a lip lock, our
arms pulled one another close.  His hairy chest against my smooth one.  The
soft pelt covering a hard belly rubbing against my ripped abs.  The
sensitive inner flesh of my thighs rubbing against the hair covered flesh
of his own.  And the heat of our engorged cocks pulsating against one
another, all the while the male lube flowing freely.

In a fevered pitch of passion, Primer took control of the entire
scene. Making it seemingly all about me, the man worked me over something
fierce.  Like a master lover he was everywhere on me at once.  In a short
period of time he discovered my hot buttons and damn did he ever push them!
Licking and sucking on my neck he discovered just how hard I could tear at
his hard and hair covered butt flesh.  Nipping and biting my tits he
discovered the direct connection between them and my hot hole.  Rubbing,
caressing and stroking my cock he discovered how he could have anything he
wanted.  Humping and grinding his cock against mine he discovered how easy
it was to get my legs up. Engulfing my entire hardness in his mouth, he
probed inside of me until he found my joy button with his middle finger.
It was then he discovered just how badly I needed him inside of me.  In a
matter of minutes he finger fucked my hole into a gaping gash grasping at
his digits.

Maneuvering me on my back he gently lifted my legs and pushed them to my
chest, further exposing my horny hole.  All the while he was gently sliding
his fingers inside of me, he slowly kissed and licked down my legs.
Stopping to suck on the tender flesh of the back of each knee, he slid
another finger in along side the first.  Nipping at the backs of my thighs
he gradually got closer and closer to my butt until he fed me the full
length and width of his digits.  By the time his tongue had swirled around
my butt cheeks toward his intended target, my hole was sucking on three
fingers.  Gently prodding, Primer opened my hole until he was able to
tongue my ass lips.  Holding my legs tightly against my chest, I
surrendered my entire being to the man.

Over the next several minutes, with patience and insistence, he proceeded
to open my pucker.  What started as gentle tonguing and sucking evolved
into a heady butt feast where I was pushing my most sensitive flesh down
onto his sucking, nipping and probing action.  I don't have any idea how
long the action lasted but there came a point to where I screamed to be
filled.  In no time, Primer moved into position and obliged.

Almost imperceptibly he lubricated my hole for the imminent fuck that was
to follow.  No sooner had he squirted the cool goo inside of me, than his
bulbous knob, shucked of it's protective foreskin, was pushing my ass lips
aside and sliding past my sphincter.  Without even a hint of pain, he
filled me with 8 inches of Italian salami.  Raking his hardness across my
joy button he took me for his own.

What followed was a mind blowing fuck.  Clearly, the man was born to fuck
butt.  Never pulling out of me, he maneuvered me like a rag doll into a
variety of positions while he slowly and deeply dicked me.  On my back, he
pumped slowly and stared into my eyes.  On my side he penetrated even
further while working my dick with his callused hands.  On top of him he
pushed and pulled me onto his bone.  In that position I pulled my legs up
and squatted over him, giving him a clear shot up my ass which he took
until my legs cramped.  On all fours he fucked me hard like the whore that
I am while his balls slammed against mine.  Goddamn, but there's nothing
like the feel of a man's balls bashing against your own while he's deep
dicking you!  When I exhausted of that, he pushed me down onto my stomach.
There he proceeded to do me deep and hard while tearing at the back of my
neck with his teeth.  That neck action caused me to thrash and buck my ass
back at him so hard he had to hold on like a rodeo rider.  Moving high and
inside his bone and my butt fast became the best of friends.

Primer had me so far into a sexual frenzy that I was out of control.  Odd
but contented sounds emanated from deep within me.  Animal-like lust
overtook me.  When he finally moved me onto my back again, the position
that I like the best, I could see just how hard he'd worked out.  Covered
in sweat and winded, the man was still ready for more.  Over the next
several minutes he fucked us both closer and closer to cumming.  We were on
the final stretch and it was obvious the finish was going to be close.
Which one of us was going to give it up first was a toss up, but it was
clear that the grand finale was near.  In a blur, his hips went into
overdrive.  With tremendous strength he sprinted to the finish line,
feeding me 8 hard inches of man meat so hard he was knocking the wind out
of me.  It felt so fucking good, but that alone was enough to stay my
imminent spew.  Like a man possessed, Primer pummeled my hole hard and deep
until he gave it up.  His mouth was gaping open, his chest was heaving, his
eyes were closed and he started shaking all over.

"Oh, God, Baby Blue, I can't hold off any more" he cried.

"Give it to me, Stud!" I encouraged.  "Pump me full of that Jarhead jizz!"

"Oh, fuck!  Here is comes!  Take my cum!  Take my cum!"

A few more pumps is all it took when he buried his bone to the balls, froze
and gripped tightly to my waist while he planted his seed deep within me.

"AHHHHHHH, FUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK!"  His breath came hard and heavy, his eyes
rolled back in his head and he involuntarily humped deeper and deeper into
me as he pumped me full of grade A Stud spunk.

I ground my ass against him, content in the knowledge that he'd made me
his.  Over the next few minutes while he cooled down I reveled in the
warmth his cum spread through the depths of my butt.  When he finally came
out of the post orgasmic fog, he was just as attentive to my needs as he
had been earlier.  With his still hard dick he fucked me closer and closer
to getting off.

"Yah, that's it, Baby Blue!" he cooed.  "Just lie there and take this man's
dick.  I'll fuck you off.  Lay back, close your eyes and Daddy will take
care of you!"

"Oh, Daddy!  Make your boy cum!" I pleaded, heeding his advice with my eyes
closed.

He wrapped his hand around my dick as he forced his cock in and out of me.
"That's it, Baby.  That's what you need, huh?"

"Oh, Fuck, Daddy.  I need it!"

"You do need it" he agreed.  "In fact you need a big fucking man's dick
right now, don't you?"

"Oh, yah!"

"You need a monster dick, don't you?"

"Oh,Daddy, how'd you know?"

"I know everything, Baby Blue" he soothed.  "You just lay back and I'll go
get the monster dick and fuck you off".  He slowly pulled his nearly hard
cock out of me, kissed me and said, "Keep those legs up and your eyes
closed, Stud!".  I did what he told me.  My hole gaped open and his juices
flowed freely from it.  I heard him stirring at the side of the bed, then
felt him move back onto it.

Moving back in between my legs, he kissed me once again.  "You ready for
that monster dick, Baby Blue?"

"Oh, fuck, yah!"

"Keep those eyes closed".  I felt a pushing against my hole.  It was hard
and insistent.  "Open up, Baby Blue.  It's real big".  Suddenly the vapors
of poppers invaded my nostrils.  I felt a huge blunt object knocking at my
back door.  Knowing Primer knew what he was doing, I inhaled the vapors.

When the poppers rush started I pushed down hard and felt the fat knob push
between my asslips and into my depths.  It was fucking A fat!  Despite the
fact that I'd been fucked loose and sloppy, it hurt going in.  Expecting
the coolness of a dildo I was surprised to feel the flesh like warmth.  It
confused me.  I opened my eyes and was shocked at the scene before me.

Leaning over me from the side of the bed was Primer Looking beyond him to
between my splayed legs I discovered Gunner!  His hand was wrapped around
the enormous girth of the base of his cock.  The head was barely inside of
me and there were several inches beyond the grip of his hand. I was
transfixed on the enormity of his cock.  The thought of taking it all made
my hole gape.  He slowly slid an inch or so inside of me.  It was so
fucking huge that I winced with a bit of pain.  Primer put the bottle of
poppers under my nose again and I breathed in the vapors.  When the rush
returned I pulled on Gunner's legs encouraging him to feed me some more.

"Go easy" I begged.

"Oh, fuck, Sean!" Gunner hissed.

"It's fucking huge, Baby Blue" Primer warned needlessly.

Slowly, inch by inch, Gunner slid his bone further inside of me.  I pushed
back at him with my hands when it suddenly became uncomfortable.  He
stopped pushing.

"You ok with this?" Gunner asked with a look of lust on his face.

"Yah, I think so" I said with a wry smile.  "Just take it easy"

Over the next couple of minutes he slowly and deliberately slid deep into
my being.  Besides stretching my hole like it had never been before, he
penetrated into areas that had never been touched, causing sensations I'd
never felt.  I felt possessed.  I felt impaled.  I felt alive.  Suddenly I
finally felt him hit a barrier deep inside of me.  It felt strange and
slightly painful so I stopped his advance.  Primer fed me more poppers.
Gunner started sliding his cock out of me and back inside until he hit that
barrier once again.  We started getting a rhythm.  I felt incredibly full
but it felt good.

Primer crawled up on the bed with us.  Climbing over me, facing Gunner,
Primer held my legs up while his buddy slowly fed me what I'd been born to
take.  Primer's butt was close to my face and the musky male scent of it
was almost as good as the poppers he reached back to feed me every so
often.  We developed the rhythm further, the three of us working together
like a well oiled machine.  Gunner's cock head banging against that inner
barrier became less and less uncomfortable.  Initially it had been a little
painful.  After a while it was almost pleasurable.  Eventually it felt damn
right good.  There was something on the other side of that barrier that
really felt good when he banged against it and I wanted to know what it
was.  I held onto him tightly and when he probed deep I ground that barrier
against his knob.  An involuntary groan came from deep inside of me.

"Oh, fuck!" Gunner rasped.  "He's all primed and ready for me!"

"That's my job, Buddy!" Primer stated.  "Believe me, he's got a full load
of cum inside of him!"

"He's so fucking tight.  It feels too fucking good in there" Gunner said as
he picked up the pace.  There was little technique or finesse with Gunner.
He had a massive fucking cock and just pumped it in and out of my over
stretched hole.  In no time he was pretty much at about three quarter speed
and it was all I could do to take the pummeling.

"Slow down!" I begged when it became uncomfortable.

"You gotta take it easy, Gun" Primer warned.

"Sorry, Guys" he apologized, slowing down.  "It's just that-----well, you
know Primer"

Primer looked back and locked eyes with me.  "Gunner only knows one way to
fuck, Sean.  Hard and fast"

As much as I wanted his fuck, I still had to think about him tearing my
asshole apart.  "Then you guys better let me get a little more used to it
before he fucks me hard.  I don't think I can take it otherwise"

"No problem, Sean" Gunner said, taking my cock in his hand.  He stroked me
while he slowly pushed his gargantuan rod in and out of me.  Primer gave me
another whiff of poppers.  The combination worked, and my butt hole flared
open.  Suddenly his blunt knob was knocking at that inner barrier deep
within me and it felt awesome.

"Give me some more" I pleaded.

"Atta boy" Gunner cooed as he pushed another inch or so into me, stretching
that barrier.  It was like a ring that he was opening.  Like another
sphincter.  I ground my butt down on it and all at once he broke through.
Suddenly I saw fucking stars and my toes curled.

"OHHHHH, FUUUCCCCKKKK!" I moaned.

"You ok, Baby Blue?" Primer asked.

"OHHHHHH, FUCCCK YAH!" I answered.  The sensation was incredible.  I'd
never felt fuller in my life.  It was almost overwhelming.  I wanted all of
him.  I wanted to feel him fill me with cock until I felt it in my throat.
Gunner picked up on it and slid the rest of his meat deeper inside of me.
When I felt his balls caress my ass lips, I shuddered.  Gunner pulled back
and jabbed back through that second sphincter a couple of times.  That
sensation was just too much to handle.

"NO! Leave it in!" I pleaded, holding him still and deep inside of me.

"No problem, Baby!" Gunner answered as he ground his knob deeper.

I held him like that while he wrenched his boner around in my butt.  I took
another hit of poppers and my hole relaxed a bit.  The fullness made we
want to get fucked.

"Fuck me!" I begged.  Gunner complied.  Slowly at first he retreated and
pumped back inside.  Taking longer and longer strokes he dragged my guts
out with his down strokes and rearranged them on the upstroke.  That second
sphincter opened wide, exposing a pleasure pit on the other side that was
previously undiscovered.  The sensation of him tearing through was like an
itch that was scratched immediately by the bulbous knob of the giant prick
fucking me.  Inside of a couple of minutes later I was his wide open whore
and he was plunging what I later discovered to be a true 12" cock all the
way in and out of me.

Still holding my legs, Primer periodically reached back and fed me some
poppers.  Enjoying the ride more than any man had the right to, I pulled
his hairy butt down onto my face.  Biting and licking my way through the
sweat and hair, I followed the heady scent of male musk until I found his
pucker which I feasted on like a starved man.

I totally lost all track of time.  All of my senses were sated.  My
nostrils were full of man smells and the millions of nerve endings in the
walls of my man cunt were singing.  Added to that, my prostate was being
worked over big time forcing dick honey out of me into the callused palm
wrapped around my rock hard prick.  While Gunner fucked me for all I was
worth, I was being jerked off in rhythm to his plunges.  The pleasure I
felt in my cock was tempered by the pressure in my hole, so I wasn't in any
danger of cumming any too soon.  Still and all I knew that I wasn't going
to be able to last nearly as long as Gunner obviously was.

Taking another hit of poppers, I decided to let nature take it's course.  I
completely surrendered to the men who'd so masterfully taken control of me.
When he'd picked up the fuck pace to what I can only describe as
balls-to-the-wall I felt a cool drizzle of lube being poured on my hard
cock.  Suddenly the stroking of my cock took on a whole new dimension and I
knew I was going to spew soon.  Less than what was probably a couple of
minutes later my entire body shuddered with the beginnings of a massive
orgasm.

My legs started shaking, my balls snapped tight against my shaft and I
couldn't help but yell.  "I'M FUCKING GONNA CUM!"

"He's really close, Gunner" Primer warned.  "Get your nut, Buddy!"

"OH, GOD!  IT'S JUST TOO FUCKING GOOD!" I cried.  "I CAN'T STOP IT!".
Preparing to fire, my butt clamped down hard on the prick pistoning in and
out of me at breakneck speed.

"Oh, Fuck!  He's so tight!  I'm gonna lose it too!" Gunner rasped.

"FUCCCCCCKKKKKKKK MEEEEE!" I screamed as I snapped.  Volley after volley of
spooge spewed out of me and onto Primer's chest and belly.  My entire hole
undulated around the rutting rod filling me so completely.  I think that's
what did it for Gunner.  No sooner had I just about finished firing than he
stiffened and stuck me good and deep.  Frozen into position, his cock
swelled to nearly painful proportions before I felt the heat of his first
spurts.

"OH, GOD!  OH, GOD!  I'M FUCKING CUMMING IN YOUR ASS!" he yelled.

"Give it to me, Gunner!" I screamed.

"I'M FUCKING CREAMING IN YOU!  TAKE MY CUM"

I felt several strong spurts of scum flood my entrails before he stopped.
When it was all over he was in a trance.  Every few seconds his hips would
jam his jizz bone as deep as it would go.  Finally, when he cooled off
enough to regain his senses, he gently pulled his mammoth meat out of me.
Primer rolled off to my right and Gunner collapsed on his side to my left,
with his left arm draped over my heaving chest.

"Infuckingcredible" was all he kept saying between labored breaths.

Completely fucked out, I just lay there in disbelief.  Never in my life had
I dreamed about taking such a huge cock and there I was, freshly and
brutally just fucked.  And I felt great!  When things cooled down
considerably it was me who took control of the situation.

"Ok, Guys, it's time you come clean with it" I said.  "Is this tag team
thing your normal scene?".  They laughed.

"No, not really" Primer explained.

"It's been eons since anything like this has happened" Gunner said.

"So you've done this before?"

"Well, yah.  Mostly in our younger days" Gunner informed.

"That's how we got our nicknames in the service" Primer said.

"You see, we're both tops and we're both attracted to the same kind of
guys" Gunner continued.  "But not many guys can take what I've got"

"Yah, what's up with that?  How big is that thing?" I queried.

"Well, if you must know, it's a true twelve inches----"

"-------and five inches around" Primer interjected.

Gunner snorted sheepishly.  "It's a curse I've had since I've been 15" he
went on.

"A curse?"

"Fuck, yah it's a curse!  I was a freak in high school and the talk of the
Corps when I enlisted"

"Well, I wouldn't call you a freak, so what's the problem?" I said,
wrapping my hand around his half hard cock.  Even then it was full and
heavy in my hand.

"I appreciate that, Sean.  You're a rarity, you really are"

"Oh, I don't know.  I don't think I'm so rare"

"Trust me, you are"

"Oh?  How so?"

"First of all, Stud, you can take it.  Only a handful of men have ever been
able to do that"

"Is that really a huge problem?"

"It is when you like to fuck ass as much as he and I do" Primer
interrupted.

Gunner nodded.  "It was my insatiable urge to fuck butt that brought me out
of the closet to begin with.  Then I discovered that nobody can take it.  I
can't tell you how many times I'd get hot and heavy with some hot bottom
man who's eyes were bigger than his butt.  Then, if I did meet somebody who
could take my dick, they couldn't handle the action"

"How's that?"

Primer picked up the story from there.  "They butchered him when they
circumcised him.  Most of the nerves here were whacked off" he explained as
he rubbed the trigger ridge on the underside of my cock head.  The
sensation felt great.  My cock surged and my butthole fluttered.  "The only
way he can get his nut is to fuck hard and fast"

"And I've only met a few guys that can take that action" Gunner informed,
pulling me into his arms.  "I can't tell you how fucking hot it is to put
it to you" he hoarsed as his long and thick fingers played with my gaping
gash.

"Ummmmm" I purred.

He kissed me long and deep.  "You ok?" he asked.

"Yah, but I have no idea how"

"That was some brutal balling to took, Stud" Primer said, nuzzling up
behind me.  I lay my head on Gunner's chest while Primer rubbed his hairy
body against mine.  It made me feel glad to be a man.

"So how'd you guys hook up?" I asked.

"We met in the service and fast became buddies" Primer explained.  "Because
we like the same guys, a few times we ended up in a three way situation.
When you've got limited leave time and opportunity for sex, you do those
sort of things"

"So, a few times we met guys that wanted to take both of us on.  Naturally
Primer fucked them first" Gunner continued.

"He always said I primed the pump" Primer added.

"Once in a while one of the guys could actually follow through with his
desire to get fucked by my whopper" Gunner went on.

"I always felt sorry for the poor guys" said Primer.  "He's just so fucking
brutal.  Like a fucking machine gun"

"Hence the name Gunner" Gunner completed the thought.

"I see" I said.  "Primer and Gunner.  It makes sense.  Well you sure pulled
one over on me.  When did you guys decided to double dick me?"

"We didn't really" Primer answered honestly.

Gunner continued, "You guys were obviously too fucking hot for each other
for me to get involved, so I just made myself scarce when we got home.  But
the sound of your romp in the sack was just too fucking tempting for me not
to come and watch"

"Id forgotten that I'd left the bedroom door open" Primer said.  "Just
about the time I was painting your guts with Gyrene jizz, I noticed this
pervert standing in the doorway, stroking his monster!"

"I couldn't help it, honest!" Gunner said, feigning innocence.

"Then?" I asked, wondering just how we jumped into a three way.

"Then I came" Primer explained, "and you hadn't.  I knew you still wanted
dick and I saw Gunner standing there with one I figured you'd probably
like"

"What made you think that?" I asked chuckling.

"Fuck an A, Baby Blue!  You fucked my socks off.  You took everything I
could deliver and your butt was begging for more when I got off.  It's hard
for me to fuck right after I cum.  I just felt bad that I hadn't gotten you
off first"

"I was almost there just before you gave it up, Primer" I told him.

"I could tell.  But your hole was screaming for more action and I just
didn't have the stuff to give you.  Gunner was there.  He was all hot and
hard and I figured you'd just might wanna try his monster on for size"

"And, God am I glad you did" Gunner whispered.

"At first I wasn't sure I could do it" I said truthfully.

"Most aren't" he explained.  "I've learned that the desire has got to be
stronger than the physical limitations.  You took it like a champ.  I can't
believe the bashing you took"

"What the fuck happened to me?" I asked, flashing back on the second
sphincter I'd discovered.

"You mean up inside of you?" he asked.

"Yah"

"Well, because of necessity, I've come to know quite a bit about the
innermost depths of a man's butt.  Without going into too much detail,
Stud, you discovered the entrance to your guts.  There's another sphincter
there that hurts when a really big dick bangs up against it"

"Yah, it sure did hurt"

"Yes, I could tell.  But some of the time I can fuck my way through it,
like I did tonight"

"Goddamn, but that felt good"

"Oh, yah.  There's no question of that.  If I do get through it I know I'm
in for a hot fucking ride.  From your reaction, it obviously feels intense"

"You've got no idea"

Gunner laughed.  "Yah, actually I do.  You see, that sphincter is a ring
that grips and scrapes against my dick head.  Feels good against what few
nerves I've got there"

"For me, it makes me out of control"

"Ah, yes!  The dick dance" Gunner retorted.

"Dick dance?" I asked.

"Yep" he answered.  "Once I get through that ring you bottoms become
nymphomaniacs.  You grunt and groan and dance around on that dick.  Must
feel pretty intense in there"

"Unfuckingbelievable!" I shot back.

"Enough so that you'd like some more?" Gunner queried with a bit of hope in
his voice.

"If you guys are into it, I'd be game to replay this action over and over"
I encouraged.

"You really like taking dick don't you?" Primer asked, fingering my butt.

"I was born to ball" I boldly stated.

"Oh, fuck!" Gunner yelled, hugging me closer.  "I can't believe my ears"

It wasn't ten minutes later that Primer was pushing a new hard on up
against my butt.  It sure got me going.  Gunner caught on real quick and
started kissing me.  Not a minute later I had 8 inches of hard Marine cock
stuffed up my backside.  It felt too damned good.  Moving onto my stomach,
I gave into Primer's moves.  My whorish butt was a wide open, cum filled
fuck tunnel that the man mastered like a champ.  Not that it's my favorite
position to fuck in, but there's something about giving your ass to a man
who's laying across your back that makes you glad to be a man.  I can't
explain it.  I just fucking love taking dick.

If our first fuck was gentle and loving in a way, this second fuck between
Primer and I was all about him.  He fucked hard and deep and way out of
control.  It's a good thing I'd been done earlier by Gunner's donkey dick,
because Primer's 8 inches had become a weapon.  For several minutes he
dicked me into the mattress.  Treating me like the hole that I am, he
helped me discover more about the intense pleasures of buttfucking.  With
his arms wrapped around me he pinned me down and showed me just how
powerful a man in heat can be.  The scene was so what I've come to know and
desire of a man when he takes me.  While he rutted around in my rectum my
hole flared open, pushing several inches of my tender inner flesh down onto
his gun.  Fucking flesh previously uncharted by him, he took action to gain
more friction.

Almost without missing a stroke, he grabbed a pillow from the headboard,
pulled me up and planted it under the middle of me.  Immediately we moved
onto a new plan of penetration.  Hello heaven!

Laying there, pushing my ass up to him for even deeper penetration, I know
my hole became loose and sloppy.  He'd fucked so many inches of my fuck
tunnel open that his cock had started banging against that second sphincter
deep inside of me.  Suddenly, in his quest for friction Primer made a
connection that sent us both into orbit.  Shucked naked of it's protective
covering, his swollen knob tore through that sphincter, scraping his ultra
sensitive trigger ridge against that ring of fire.  Our fuck took on a new
dimension.  His hips immediately went into auto pilot and I froze in
position, paralyzed with the pleasure I felt while he rutted around in that
deepest pleasure pit.

It was the best of fucks.  His 8 fat inches filled me oh-so-fine but wasn't
so huge that it hurt.  That he did me deep in newly discovered territory
was the icing on the cake.  All I could do was lay prostate with my arms
outstretched, holding my breath.  With my mouth gaping and tongue extended
I drooled while involuntary moans emanated from deep inside of me.  The
sensation was just too fucking intense to do anything else.  Over the
course of the next few minutes I learned just how fit Primer was.  Like a
man running a marathon he fucked with such determination and intent while
biting the fuck out of the back of my neck.  It was as if my neck was a
remote control for making my butt buck.

"Oh, God, Sean!" he panted.  "I never wanna stop fucking you!"

"FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!" was all I could say.  I was delirious.

"Oh, fuck!  I'm gonna loose it, Baby Blue!" he warned.  I could no longer
feel his balls slapping against my own.

"DO ME DEEP, DEVIL DOG!' I encouraged.

"Gonna fire!  Gonna fire!" he rasped as he prepared to spew.

"OH, YAH!  GIVE IT TO ME!  GIMMEE YOUR CUM!" I yelled.  I wanted to feel
him fill me with another load of hot ball batter.

"It's coming, Baby!  It's coming!" he choked, obviously just seconds away
from giving it up.

"YAH!  PUMP ME FULL, GYRENE!  MAKE ME YOUR BITCH!"  I screamed
incoherently.

That's all it took.  Three or four deep plunges later he jabbed his jizz
bone deep and hosed me full of his cock snot.  For the third time in about
45 minutes I took a man's load of spunk.  A real man's load.  A fucking
Stud's load.  A Marine's load.  And it was such a fucking turn on to do so.
Because I'm born to be bred.

Primer just couldn't get enough ass.  Even though his cock becomes super
sensitive after he cums he just couldn't give it up.  He lay on my back for
several minutes with my white hot guts wrapped around his softening sword.
Only Gunner brought him out of it.

"Goddamn, Guys!  Can you fuck or what?" he said with lust.

"Too fucking good!" Primer replied, kissing the back of my neck softly.  My
butt tightened at the sensation.  "Oh, Baby Blue!  I'll give you ten years
to stop that shit!"

"I've been fucked!" I announced.

"You sure have, Stud!" Primer intoned.  "You can sure take dick!"

I rolled my butt back and forth, feeling his near hardness.  "I need it,
Sir!  And I need it often!"

"And I'm just about to give you some more!" Gunner announced, fingering
around my stuffed hole.

"Oh, Gun!  This is one fucking awesome man!"

"I know.  Just watching you guys has got me so fucking hard and horny.  You
better pull out"

"Oh, I can't.  I just wanna stay inside of him forever" Primer announced.

Gunner was running his hands all over our union.  "Well, let me put it this
way, Guys.  In about 10 seconds I'm gonna fuck me an ass!  You guys pick
which one it is"

"Hold on, Cowboy!" Primer chuckled.  "I'm sure as hell not gonna take that
whopper!  You ready for some more?" he whispered in my ear.

I wanted to be dicked all night long.  "Give me a hit of popper and let `er
rip!" I challenged.

Primer slowly withdrew from my butt and rolled off to the side.  Right away
Gunner moved into position.  My gaping asslips kissed his massive knob.
Primer stuck the bottle under my nose and I took a deep whiff of vapors.
When the rush hit, I wanted dick like no tomorrow.  Pushing my hole onto
Gunner's pole I let him know I was ready.  With slow and sure determination
he filled me with that mammoth organ with a minimum of discomfort.

Inside of a minute or so we were in a fast fuck.  Plunging right up into my
rectum, he easily slid past that deep and hidden spot.  Giving me
unspeakable pleasure by doing me deep in that pleasure pit, he took
pleasure by fucking that ring of fire hard and fast.  At first he fucked
the hardon right out of me but inside of a few minutes I was grinding 7
throbbing inches into the pillow below me.  After several minutes of
working my deepest guts, he spun me around on my back.

The pillow under my butt created a new angle to our fuck.  Like an untamed
15 year old fucking for the first time he sawed into me with deep and
primitive jabs.  Like the experienced man that he was though, he fucked for
several minutes without cumming.  Finally he showed signs of impending
orgasm.

"Oh, fuck, Guys!  I'm gonna cum soon!" he announced.

"That's it, Stud!" I cooed.  "Do me deep and get your dick off!"  I reached
for my cock and started stroking it.  It was slick with precum but not
enough to get off.  Turning to Primer I asked, "Please get me the lube,
Sir"

His response was to bat my hand away and swoop down on my cock with his
mouth.  What a fucking sensation that was!  Filled to beyond my wildest
dreams with a monster cock while one of Uncle Sam's best cocksuckers made
magic on my weenie!  I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  It was only
a couple of minutes later that Gunner rocketed off in my hole.  When he
heard his buddy giving it up, Primer rammed my bone down his throat and
brought me off.  I spewed my spunk down while the swallowing motion of his
throat muscles caressed my sensitive shaft.

The moment I came I was all over the fuck scene.  At that very moment I
couldn't care less about taking dick from either of those Studs.  Gunner
got the message when I pushed against his waist and he slowly withdrew his
tremendous fuck stick.  Once empty I lay there while four loads of Jarhead
jizz oozed from my gaping gash.  Laying on his back, Primer pulled me to
him, his arm wrapped around me.  With my head laying on his furry chest,
half of my body lay on his side.  I wrapped my left leg over his and my arm
lay draped across his torso.

"You okay, Baby?" he cooed, kissing me on the top of my head.

"Goddamn, Guys, but I'm just too fucked out!" I informed.

"You should be, Baby Blue" Primer soothed, hugging me.

"I'll see you guys later" Gunner said, climbing out of bed.

"Where are you going?" Primer asked.

"Ah, I thought you two might want to be alone" he replied heading for the
door.

"You don't have to go anywhere" I said weakly.

"Yah?" he queried with a note of hope in his voice.

"Yah.  You were a big part of tonight" I said sleepily.  "I wouldn't mind
having you nuzzled up to one side of me"

"You sure it's ok?" he asked Primer.

"No problem" he answered positively.

"Cool!" Gunner said with a grin in his voice.  Hopping back in bed on my
left, he wrapped his body around my backside.

"Besides if this little guy gets horny in the middle of the night I'm
afraid he might be too much for me to handle" Primer teased.

"Sheez, Guys.  I don't think I'll be horny again for a long time" I said,
yawning.

"I wouldn't make any bets on that, Baby Blue!" Primer said, hugging me.

"Well, I think you guys are safe at least until morning.  My ass is kicked"

"Your ass is hot" Primer said.

"And wet" Gunner announced with his fingers lightly grazing over my slick
crack and pucker.

"Ahhhhhh!" I purred.  Gunner reached up, kissed my cheek.

That's about the last thing I remember until I awoke in the morning.  I had
no idea what time it was.  Primer was fast asleep on my right and the bed
was empty on my left.  The inviting smell of coffee being brewed enveloped
my nostrils.  Creeping out of the sack, I searched for something to put on.
I found my briefs strewn on the floor and reached for them.  Slipping them
on I discovered a rather large stiff spot on the front where my precum had
dried.  It felt rough against my piss hard on.  After relieving myself I
found Gunner in the kitchen with only a pair of shorts on.  His hair was
wet from the shower and he was squeezing fresh orange juice.

"Morning, Stud!" he greeted.  "How'd you sleep?"

"Just fine with two of Uncle Sam's finest on either side of me"

He poured me a cup of coffee.  "You okay with all of this?" he asked with
genuine concern.

"I'm just fine" I replied, rubbing his arm in a friendly way.

"Good.  Thanks for everything" he said smiling.  He hugged me close to him
with one arm.  He felt warm and smelled like a man.  I started to get hard
at his touch.

"No problem.  Besides, I should be thanking you" I said, hugging him back.

"Never.  If we never fuck again, I'll always remember the hot times we had
last night" he informed while rocking us back and forth slightly.  My cock
was rapidly reaching full hard on stage.

"Oh, I'm not done with you yet, Sir!" I replied, wrapping my hand around
his manhood.  It was half hard.

"Fuck!  Am I glad to hear that!" he hoarsed.  We stood there in each
other's arms for a minute or so.  It felt so good.  Too good.  I knew that
the action was going to pick up where we left off the night before and I
was nowhere near ready for it.  I knew I needed to clean up.

"Where can I clean up, Sir?"

"I've set everything out for you in the bathroom, Sean" he replied.  "And
what's with the `Sir' shit"

"I can't help it, Sir.  It turns me on"

He wrapped his hand around my bulging boner and squeezed.  "Is this what it
does for you, Soldier?"

"Yes, Sir"

"Carry on then!" he chuckled.  "Go get cleaned up and when you get back
we'll head for the firing range again, ok?"

"Sir, yes, Sir!" I said happily.

In the bath I found the toothbrush, razor and etc he'd set out for me..  I
did my morning routine and hopped in the shower for a well deserved
soaking.  Languishing under the hot water I rinsed myself inside and out,
preparing for the day.  My briefs were gone from the bathroom when I
stepped out of the shower so I wrapped my towel around me and returned to
the kitchen.  Primer was up and he they were sitting at the kitchen table
drinking a cup of coffee.  He stood and greeted me with a hug and a long
kiss.

"Morning, Baby Blue" he purred.

"Morning, Sir" I replied.  He laughed.

"Still with the `Sir' action, huh?" he queried.

"It suits him.  Besides, it turns him on" Gunner announced.

"Suits him, huh?  Is that a fact?" Primer teased.  He ripped the towel from
my waist.  "Looks like the only suit he's got is his birthday suite now,
huh?"

Standing there naked I started feeling a little self conscious.  "What's up
with my clothes?  You guys trying to keep me naked or what?"  I joked.

They laughed.  Gunner grabbed the towel from Primer and handed it back to
me., "I threw your clothes in the washer, Stud" he answered.

"But the keeping you naked part sounds pretty hot" Primer chuckled.

"It is an interesting side effect" Gunner affirmed.

"Well, I guess I'll just sit around in a towel then ,huh?"

"Come with me" Gunner ordered, "I've got some shorts you can wear"

I followed Gunner into his room while Primer hopped in the shower.  That
Sunday morning started out lazily enough.  We sat around drinking coffee,
orange juice and eating a little breakfast while I got to know those two
Studs a little better.

After breakfast the action heated up again.  In no time I was flat on my
back, Primer had his cock firmly up my ass while I tried to swallow as much
as Gunner's as I could.  After Primer had slicked my man cunt with a load
of ball batter, Gunner took his seat in my butt.  Again, it was a little
dicey getting his gigantor in me, but with the help of some vapors I took
it all and was ready for his brutal moves.

Gunner fucked me on my back for a while before spinning me around onto all
fours to finish me off.  After he'd blown his load up my backside, he moved
us into a position with him on his back and I sitting on the full length of
his still hard bone.  Primer nuzzled up behind me and worked my neck and
tits while Gunner slowly stroked my cock.  With my hole undulating around
12 inches of man meat they worked in unison to bring me off to an orgasm
that exploded all over me and Gunner.

Thoroughly fucked out, I collapsed on the bed where the three of us took a
nap.  I have no idea how long I was asleep.  I just know that I was
awakened by what felt like a baseball bat working it's way inside of me.
Gunner was up and ready and was determined he was going to have me.  I
protested in pain and he halted, but didn't stop, his advanced

"Give him some poppers" he commanded.  Primer complied.

"You ok, Baby Blue?"

"Let's give it a try" I said reaching for the bottle.  I took a big whiff,
Gunner pushed and with more than a little discomfort he slid the entire
length of him inside of me.  Primer got a lip lock on me and explored my
mouth with his tongue while his best friend mined my butt depths.  The
action got hot and heavy real quick.

"Hold on a minute" Primer ordered.  Gunner halted.  I was in a fuck fog.
"Pull him up and let me get under him"

In a flash I was laying on top of Primer while Gunner took me from behind.
Being the meat in their sandwich was an awesome feeling.  Every time Gunner
pounded his pud into me Primer's and mind ground together.  In no time we
had raging boners and were wrapped in a heavy duty embrace.  The super hung
man worked me over like jackhammer before diving deep one last time before
he hosed my hole with yet another load of grade A cock cream.  Once he'd
got his nut, he withdrew and left the room.

Wasting no time, Primer took control of the situation.  Flipping me on my
back, he placed a pillow under my ass and lifted my legs in the air.
Kissing my legs from my feet to the back side of my knees he slid his
hardness into me and started what was the slowest and gentlest fuck of my
young life.  Over the next several minutes he pleasured my hole with his 8
inches in the most obscene ways.  I was full on hard the entire time.
Scared to death that I'd cum before him, I batted his hand away from my
cock.  Hovered above my belly, my cock jerked with the rapid beats of my
heart.  Moving slowly and deeply from side to side, Primer scraped every
square inch and every raw nerve of my entire fuck tunnel.  By the time his
`nads had snapped tight against his shaft we had the most awesome fuck
motion going.  Knowing he was close to giving it up, he wrapped a hand
coated with the juices of our fuck around my tortured prick.

All I could do was lay there and revel in the awesome sensations of his
moves.  This wasn't a fuck.  It was making love.  Like a master musician he
played me like a fine violin all the while plunging his prick deeper and
deeper inside of me.  As if it was orchestrated, our orgasms happened
violently and in unison.  The rockets of spunk I spewed across my belly and
chest were replenished by those he bathed my bowels with.  What a fucking
cum! For the first several minutes I lay fabulously fucked with my legs in
the air and that man's cock softening inside of me.  Finally sliding his
spent soldier out of me, he pulled me into his arms where we lay locked
together.  Not wanting to let each other go an unspoken feeling of
lust---not love--- carried us forward.  It took us both over a half and
hour to come completely out of that fuck fog.

That was some fucking weekend!  And it was the first of several that we all
spent together.  The strongest connection was between Primer and I so I
spent most of my time with him.  Both in and out of the sack.  In fact we
became something of an item.  We just pretty much settled into an exclusive
thing.  But, every once in a while I'd get the itch to be manhandled and
we'd invite Gunner to join us.  But, that's for another chapter!

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Fri, 12 Nov 1999 09:26:49 PST
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 2: Sergeant Brian O'Rourke

A Few Good Men 2:
Sergeant Brian O'Rourke

I was just 19 and had grown a little more experienced at sizing men up
before they got into my pants.  I'd had more than enough nights of
disappointment.  After meeting more than my share of the
wham-bam-thank-you-Sam type I began seeking out more experienced men.  No
longer satisfied with giving it up for just about every masculine top, I
became more selective.  My gut instincts generally served me well.

I found that one of the best places to meet guys was at the beach.
Especially at the volleyball courts where a lot of people congregated.  I
liked hanging out at the volleyball courts for a couple of reasons.  First
and foremost, it was a great place to view hot guys.  With my sunglasses on
I was able to stare with impunity.  All those hot fucking men with nothing
but a pair of trunks on got my blood boiling.  One of the downsides,
however, was the fact that so many of the guys there were straight.  They
quickly picked up on my cruising, sunglasses or not.  Although I never had
a problem with any of them, on more than one occasion guys let me know they
weren't interested.  Sometimes pretty abruptly. That was okay actually,
because the second reason I liked hanging out at the volleyball courts was
that I was often asked if I wanted to join a game.  I loved to play and the
hot men just made it all the better.

Actually, that's where I met Brian O'Rourke.  He was 29.  He'd been in the
Corps and was a Sergeant when he was discharged.  Brian and several other
guys were playing a game when I sat down to watch.  Though we'd never met,
he acknowledged my presence with a nod and a great big smile of pearly
whites.  I couldn't keep my eyes off him.  About 6' tall, his good looks
and freckles made him stand out from the rest of the crowd.  The plentiful
copper colored hair on his pecs, belly and legs was the same color as that
on his head.  And the patch on his lower back, just above his waistline
gave promise of a hairy butt.  It was so damned sexy.  I watched his every
more.  At one point, when they were changing sides, Brian asked if I wanted
to join.  So I played next to him.  We played for over an hour and had a
great time.  When the group disbursed, Brian stayed and we talked.
Finally, he looked up at the sky and observed the sun.

"Damn, I better get out of the sun before I really bake" he said.

"Yah, looks like you're getting a little red" I replied.

"Hey, I could use a beer.  Wanna go get one?" he asked.

"I'd love to, but----"

"---You're not old enough, are you?" he interrupted.

I blushed.  "No, I'm afraid not"

"No problem" he said easily.  "I live just about a half mile from here.
I've got a fridge full of beer"

"Sounds good to me" I shrugged.  What the hell.  Strapping hunk of man
asking me to his place to drink beer?  Hot damn!

I followed Brian as he led me toward his apartment.  Our conversation was
slow and easy along the way.  I was comfortable with him despite the fact
that he was pretty blunt and to the point.

"You are over 18 though, aren't you?"

"Yah, 19.  Why?" I queried.

"Well, it's just that I've got a rule about bringing underage guys home"

"You bring guys home often?" I teased.

"If they look like you, as often as possible" he shot back, not mincing any
words.  There was little question of what he had on his mind.

"Sheez!  You don't pull and punches, do you?"

"Should I?"

"I guess not"

"You are into man to man action, aren't you?"

I laughed.  "Well..."

"Whaddya mean, `Well....'?"

I looked around to see if anybody was within earshot.  He was pretty brazen
and it was embarrassing me a little bit.  "I mean, yah"

"Good" he retorted.  "What kind of action do you like?"

"I dunno" I answered sheepishly.

"Aw, c'mon!  Let's not beat around the bush" he kidded.

"I don't know what to say" I blushed again.

"Damn, but you are a shy one, huh?"

"I guess so"

"So whaddya like to do?"

"Lots of stuff" I stammered.  "How about you?"

"I like to pick up hot guys at the beach, take `em home, get `em relaxed
with a few beers, take their clothes off and fuck `em `til I just can't get
it up anymore"

"Cool"

"I thought you'd like that"

"What made you think I was gay?" I asked with concern.

"Gaydar"

"Gaydar?"

"Yah.  Gay guys just know when another guy is gay"

"Really?"

"Sure.  When you came over and sat down I recognized the hunger.  You were
looking for a man weren't you?"

"Looks like I found one too!"

"Actually, you were just looking for dick, right?"

"Well, yah" I answered sheepishly.

"Don't ever feel weird about acting on your impulses" he said seriously.
"Listen to your dick and most of the time you'll find what you're looking
for"

When we arrived at Brian's place we took our shoes off and rinsed the sand
off at the hot water shower on the side of the building.  He retrieved a
couple of towels for us to dry off with before heading upstairs and inside.
When we got to the front door, he stepped just inside where he shucked his
trunks.

"I hope you don't mind, but I never wear anything inside the house" he said
matter of factly.

I stood there amazed at the beauty of his backside.  His all-over tan
accentuated his muscles.  The copper colored hair on his legs fanned out
over his butt cheeks.  Turning to me he allowed me to view the front of him
in all his nakedness.  The first thing I noticed was just how deeply cut
his abs were as the muscles dove into his groin.  Of average size, his
circumcised cock hung down over his low hangers.  The copper colored fur
swirling around them made them all the more interesting.

"Uh----I don't mind" I stammered.

Reaching for my chin, he chuckled.  "Of course you don't.  Feel free to get
naked yourself" he said as he stroked my jaw.  I felt the blood rushing
into my groin.  I just knew I was going to spring a boner.

"I dunno-----I-----"

"----Shhhhhh!" he soothed.  "Remember what I said.  Listen to your dick.
I'll bet he's telling you to get naked, huh?"

"Well, yah.."

"Then set him free, Soldier!"

So I did.  Within seconds I was naked as the day I was born and my half
hard on was poking out in front of me.  Brian disappeared into the kitchen
and got us a couple of beers.  Standing by the window, looking out toward
the ocean we silently enjoyed the view. I gulped down the first beer
without even tasting it.  I was a little stiff standing there at first but
Brian quickly put me at ease.  After handing me a second beer he stood
behind me and lightly ran his hands all over my body.  Starting with my
head, he swirled his fingers around my buzz cut, to my temples, over my
ears, across my forehead, over my closed eyes, down my nose, around my lips
and across my cheeks.  I had a throbbing hard on in a flash.  Of course,
that was no surprise at that age.

Brian continued with his light caresses.  Running his fingers around my
neck and over my shoulders, he continued across my upper back, down my
sides and finally settling on my lower back where his fingers danced.  It
felt so good.  Blowing lightly on my neck and ears he stepped closer and
moved his hands to the front of me.  Busy fingers swirled over my hard
pecs, met in the middle and dove to my abs where they fanned out across my
goosebumped flesh.  I lay my head on his shoulder and pressed my backside
against him, feeling his plump prick.  Moving his hands up to my chest
again he nipped and teased my nipples until they were hard and inviting.
Nobody had ever played with my tits like that before.  It was as if there
was a direct wire from them to my dick!  As the intensity of the tit work
grew so did the neck work he did with his tongue and teeth.  By the time he
was biting my neck and pulling hard on my tits I was bucking my butt hard
up against his steely hardness which was leaving trails of wetness across
my cheeks.


Without saying a word, the man continued to play me like a fiddle.  His
hands moved lower, swirling around my groin.  Coming close but never
touching my cock and balls drove me insane.  Kicking my legs apart with his
knees, he felt between my legs and below my balls.  When I thought I was
just about ready to come from the sensation, his hands quickly moved to my
backside where they made magic on my butt.  Just barely touching my flesh,
he moved his fingers all over my hard cheeks before lightly fingering my
crack.  My pucker dilated in anticipation of his fingers running over it,
but it was several tortuous minutes before he even hinted of getting close.

Reaching far between my legs to the back of my balls, his fingers slowly
closed in on my hole.  Crazed with lust, I pushed my butt back onto his
hand.  Finally, a hard and callused finger grazed ever so lightly across my
pursed ass lips.  Upon contact, my knees weakened.  Not missing a beat,
Brian held me up with an arm across my chest while his fingers danced
around my most private place.  When he was sure I could stand on my own, he
moved his support arm down and his fingers started their descent toward my
throbbing cock and aching balls.  After several agonizing minutes, his
fingers brushed across the underside of my balls before taking them into
his hand.  With tremendous agility he rolled them around in his callused
palm.  As my breaths became shorter and more labored the man closed in on
my maleness.  After lightly stroking my rigid shaft up and down, he finally
surrounded my hardness with a man's grip while he mashed his own against my
butt.

Copious amounts of precum poured out of my cock, coating Brian's fingers
and palm.  Using my natural lube to pleasure me, he ever so slowly jacked
my cock while feasting on my neck.  All the while his dick danced on my
butt, bringing me closer and closer to an explosive orgasm.  Standing there
in front of that view window, staring out onto the world, it all felt so
natural.  His neck work got more and more pronounced as he humped me and
slid his slick hand along the length of me.  Faster and faster he went
until I couldn't control myself anymore.  After several minutes of fighting
the urge to spew, I listened to my dick and gave in to the sensations I was
feeling.

The beer, the warmth of the sun, the strong man wrapped around me, the
scent of him and the sensations his hands and mouth were making on my body
all combined and I raced out of control toward a mind blowing cum.  As I
neared the point of no return, Brian only encouraged me.

"Let it go, Gyrene.  Give it up"

"Uhhhhhh" I moaned.

"I know.  Give in to it.  Let me bring you off"

I was just seconds away and he knew it.  "Oh, fuck, Man!  You're gonna make
me cum!"

"Oh, yah!  Go for it.  Get your nut, Dude" he encouraged, licking my neck.

Just then he reached under and scooped my balls into his palm.  That did
it.  I locked and loaded just seconds before ejaculating all over the
window in front of me.  I shot with such force that you could hear my spew
smacking against the glass.  My knees were very weak so Brian held me close
while he brought me off in one helluva orgasm.  His hand action on my dick
subsided with my spew but his neck action never did.  It felt good.  He
continued to work my balls while I finished coming and started my cool
down.

"Good boy!" he encouraged.

"What a fucking cum!  Fuck an A-----"

"----We'll get to that!" he interrupted with a chuckle all the while
mashing his hardness into my butt cheeks.

I chuckled back.  "I certainly hope so"

"Oh you do, huh?" he said pulling me closer to him.

"Sure thing.  You didn't think I came here for just a hand job, did you?" I
shot back.

Laughing out loud, he replied.  "You little smart ass Boot!"

"You've got no idea just how smart my ass is, Stud!" I challenged.

"Oh, I've got an idea" he said, rocking us back and forth.

"Yah?"

"Yah.  I'll bet your ass is so smart it can measure a cock to within a
quarter of an inch, huh?"

"Piece of cake, Dude!" I answered, grinding my backside on his leaking log.

"Oh, you horny little Devil Dog, you" he rasped.  "I'll bet you can fuck
all night, huh?"

"With the right guy" I informed.

"Whewie, Gyrene!" he spat.  "We're gonna have some fun tonight!".  With
that Brian spun me around.  Holding on to me tightly, he licked most of my
cum off of his hand before sharing the rest of it with me.  It was nasty.
It was wicked.  It was awesome.  Then he kissed me deeply before moving
down my chest and belly to my half hard dick where he cleaned the rest of
my spunk off.  In no time I had another raging boner.  Ah, to be 18 again!

"Let's get you another beer and a little rest time before this Marine
starts his maneuvers, huh?"  A cock sure man taking control.  I liked the
sound of that!

After another beer for both of us, Brian led us onto the rear deck of his
apartment which was above the garage.  Although it was uncovered it was
surrounded by 6' high reed fencing that gave it privacy.  In the middle,
right on the deck was a large mattress covered with a fitted sheet. Brian
led me to the mattress where we lay down naked in one another's arms.  As
if it was the most natural thing to do in the world he started making love
to me.  The sunlight was high and bright in the sky above us and the sounds
of the world around us were everywhere.  Though I couldn't see any windows
peering down on us it felt strange to be having sex right out in the open.
But it didn't faze Brian in the least so he never missed a beat.  Inside of
a couple of minutes I was totally into having sex with him and I quickly
forgot that we were outside.

Brian was a butt man and made no qualms about it.  He worshipped butt.  Not
really into kissing and thrashing around a lot, he wasted no time in
getting down to business.  Pushing me onto my stomach, he proceeded to eat
my butt like the champion Stud that he is.  In no time I was ready and
begging for him to fuck me.  Pulling me onto all fours, he slicked my crack
and gaping pucker with slippery lube before greasing up his own bone.  Once
done, he tossed the lube aside and painlessly slid his steely hardness
inside of me.  Painless because I was so hot and horny to be dicked and the
fact that when hard he was just a little bigger than average.  Once
started, there was no stopping Brian.  He was and is a fucking machine.
Inside of a couple of minutes, his hips were on auto pilot and for the next
45 minutes he fed me 7 inches of hard man cock like a fucking pro.

With Brian there was, and is, very little finesse.  His cock size allows
him to brutalize my butt without wearing me out.  It's pretty awesome
getting balled by him.  Mostly on all fours, the cocksman drilled me deep
and hard while running his hands over my body.  When he got really going he
fucked me fast and hard, pushing me down onto my stomach while he wrenched
his rammer in my guts.  Although the first part of his fuck was all about
him, when he started thinking about getting close to nutting, he sure as
fuck made me feel good.

While he had me on my stomach he was really putting it to me.  I could feel
his baggy balls slapping a little painfully against my own.  The longer he
fucked the rougher he treated my butt while chewing roughly on the back of
my neck. As long as he chewed on my neck I couldn't help but buck my hole
back onto his rutting rod.  Most of the time it was carnal and primitive
and it turned me on something fierce.  Sometimes it was just too damned
hard and somewhat painful.  That's when I tried to buck him off and he
fucking loved it.  Goddamn, but the man was rough.

When Brian finally sprinted for his nut it was all about him.  Gripping on
to me tightly, his whole body moved with his fuck.  On my stomach with my
butt up and open to him, I became his whore, his hole.  And I loved it.
The man poured it to me so fast and furious that I thought he was going to
fuck me off at the same time.  His breathing got sporadic and awesome
moaning sounds came out of him.  His dick strokes became short and he
concentrated on fucking my sphincter gripped tight around his shaft.

"Oh, yah, Stud!  Fuck that ass!" I encouraged.

"Gonna cream your guts, Gyrene!" he warned.

I wanted his load.  Pushing my hole hard onto his cock, I urged him on.
"Gimme your fuckin cum!"

"So close----so close to givin it up, Dude!" he panted between labored
breaths.

"Pump me full of your cum, Brian"

"Oh, Baby, here it comes!"

"Oh, fuck yah, come in me!" I yelled.  That did it.  He drove his dick deep
and planted his seed in me.  I felt the heat of his cum as he shot his
load.

"AHHHHHH!  Fuckin cumming in you!" he spat as he flushed his balls.

During his cool down period his body would jerk involuntarily every so
often pushing his hard prick deep inside of me.  The jerking started about
every 10 seconds immediately after he came and then less often as the time
went by. For several minutes he lay on my back, buried to the balls,
wracked with his orgasm.  When he came out of the fog, he was still hard
and very attentive to me.

Pulling me up onto all fours he continued to fuck me slowly.  "Damn, but
you're a hot fuck!" he said, wrapping a lube slicked hand around my own
hard cock.  I fucking melted.  I love the feel of a hard cock in my ass
while my dick is being worked.  I bucked my hole onto his cock.

"Oh, fuck, Dude!" was all I could say.

"You like this shit?" he asked.

"Don't ever stop fucking me, Brian" I begged.

"Don't you worry, Soldier.  You've gonna get all the dick need"

"Oh, fuck, Man!  It feels so good" I moaned as I lay my head down on the
bed.

"Yah it does!  You just lay there and take Daddy's dick while he gets you
off!" he purred.

The word Daddy really set me off.  As I lay there with my arms stretched
out in front of me on the bed, my butt was open and alive as he worked his
magic on me.  While his hardness raked across my prostate, his slick palm
danced on my super sensitive trigger ridge causing my ass to tighten on his
shaft.  Slowly but surely he brought me closer and closer to cumming.

"Oh, Daddy!  Oh, Daddy!" I panted.

"Yah, Baby?" he cooed.

"Daddy, you're gonna make me cum!"

"That's it, Baby!  Cum for your Daddy!"

"It feels so good, Daddy!  Don't stop!" I begged.  He worked his hand
faster and faster on my pulsating prick.

"You're so warm inside, Soldier!  Your guts are so fucking warm!"

"I can feel your cum inside of me!"

"My cock is swimming in Jarhead jizz!" he teased me.  The sensations on my
cock and in my butt combined with the dirty talk were getting to me.  I
felt that familiar sensation of an impending orgasm.

"Oh, fuck, Man!  I'm gonna cum!"

"That's it, Baby!  Blow you load!" he said as he jacked my prick faster.  I
felt everything at once.  The hot sun, the open air, his hairy legs and
groin against me, a hard dick in my butt and a fantastic fucking hand job.
That's all it took.  This fucking Marine gave it up.  I shot rope after
rope of cum onto the bed below me.  While my cock shot my butt undulated
around the hardness buried inside of it.  What a fucking cum!

When it was all over, Brian got up and brought back another couple of beers
for us to enjoy while we lay there next to one another.  The beer, the sun
and the sex all combined to make me sleepy.  I drifted off to sleep in his
arms.  Some time later I awoke with him spooned around my backside.  He was
kissing and licking my neck and ear.  I was hard.  I pushed back against
him.

"Ummmmmm" I moaned.

"Nice nap?" he asked.

"Yah.  What time is it?"

"Does it matter, Baby?" he asked, wrapping his hand around my cock.

"Not really"

"You don't have anywhere you need to go, do you?"

"No.  You?"

"I have to work at 10" he replied, "but we've got plenty of time until
then.

"Good!" I said, pushing my butt back to his hardness.

With that he pulled my leg up and started fingering my butt hole.  It was
slick with lube.  He toyed with my asslips and they opened to kiss his
finger tips.  With precision he stimulated my pucker until it opened like a
flower.

"Open up for Daddy, Baby!" he cooed in my ear, humping his hard prick
against my ass cheeks.

I loved the fell of him.  I wanted him inside of me.  My butthole flared
open.  In the next couple of minutes, he had my hole gaping and his fingers
were mining the depths of my butt.  In no time my butt juices and his cum
were flowing out of me, creating a slick all over my butt and his hand.
Pulling his fingers out of my butt, me moved his cock head closer to my
hole while he wrapped his slippery hand around my throbbing tube.

"Oh, fuck!" was all I could say as he slowly jacked me off.

"Yah, Gyrene.  You're gonna get fucked again aren't you?" he rasped as he
punched his cock at my gaping gash.

"Oh, fuck yah!  Dick me Daddy!" I begged.  Goddamn, but I needed dick at
that moment!

Using my hard cock as a handle, Brian quickly flipped me on my back.
Automatically, my legs rose and rested on his shoulders.  Just as
automatically the snout of his cock sniffed out my butt and breached my
pucker.  Without a hint of discomfort the man buried himself to the balls
and started another round of fucking.  With remarkable precision he sluiced
into my warm guts at just the right angles to take me to the moon.

For the next 20 minutes I lay there and took dick like I was born to do
while the Stud Brian scraped the walls of my fuck tunnel for all the
friction he could get.  It was awesome.  I was full of cum from our first
mating so the entire length of my fuck guts were slick and open for his
pounding prick.  In no time his cock, balls and groin and my entire ass
were soaked with the slick of our fuck.  The sounds of his cock and balls
slamming into me were loud and wet.  By the time he jetted another load of
Jarhead jizz into me we were covered in sweat.  When I realized he was
about to come, I grabbed my cock and stroked myself toward another orgasm.

Looking up at the hot man balling me I watched what the last minutes of our
fuck were doing to him.  By the time he was on his final sprint his tongue
was hanging out of his mouth and he was drooling!  Seconds before he shot
his load he took several hard and deep thrusts.  Suddenly he froze, buried
to the balls.  Throwing his head back, his eyes rolled back and his mouth
gaped open as he flushed his balls.  That's all it took for me.  Just
feeling him ejaculating in me set me off.  His orgasm was no more than half
over before I started spewing seed everywhere.  Semen rocketed out of me.
I landed on the bed over my shoulder, on my face, on my chest, all over
Brian's hairy belly and a little bit hung from the hair on his left pec.

Wracked with his involuntary jerking, he pulled me up to him and pressed
our chests and bellies together.  Planting kisses on my mouth, he smeared
my spew between us.  When we both cooled down we were a slippery, sweaty
mess.  After several minutes he jumped up and led me to the shower where we
washed off our day's activities.  By the time we were finished it was 7:00
and we were both starved.

We left the apartment only long enough to get a bite to eat and then
hurried back to get naked again.  Once stripped and in each other's arms
the action started again.  Brian took me on all fours once again.  This
time he took it real slow and jacked me off the whole time he fucked me.
Fucking the full length of my man cunt he stroked me dangerously close to
cumming.  When I batted his hand away so that I wouldn't spew, his fuck
took on a new dimension.  No longer slow and gentle, Brian took me for a
rough ride that to this day I can't forget.  Deep and hard and fast he
fucked me furiously while slapping the cheeks of my butt until they were
deep red.  The spanking didn't do much for me except keep me from cumming
sooner.  But it sure did wonders for Brian.  He was so fucking hard and
turned on that I couldn't bring myself to stop him.

He finally shot another load of ball beer into me before stroking me off
afterwards.  When finished he collapsed on top of me and lay on my back
while his cock softened.  Finally and sadly, he pulled out and hopped in
the shower to get ready for work.  I joined him in the shower briefly
before he hopped out.  By the time I had cleaned up and dressed again, he
was ready to go.  Before he dropped me off at my quarters we exchanged
phone numbers and he invited me to come to the gay bar where he tended bar.
I spent the rest of the night resting in my quarters while the sensations
of our fucks remained fresh in my hole.

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Thu, 11 Nov 1999 11:28:42 PST
From: Billy Bob
Subject: A Few Good Men 1: Enlisted

A Few Good Men 1:
Enlisted

It all started when my Dad caught me with Kevin.  I was 17 and he was
nearly 19.  We'd met in Graphic Arts class in High School and though it's
another story, suffice it to say Kevin and I had developed a sexual
relationship that had reached a fevered pitch.  We'd just learned the
pleasures of buttfucking and were practicing it just about every day.  Each
day it got better and better.  Kevin was a master cocksman and I was an
eager bottom.  We'd fucked enough times that we knew what each other liked
and so the sex was always hot and nasty.  That's why we never heard my Dad
come home.

As usual, we were in my room on my bed.  Also as usual, I was laying on my
back, legs spread, my knees on Kevin's shoulders while he fed my butt 8
inches of hard uncut cock.  He'd taught me just how hot it could be to take
dick and I was fast on my way to becoming the insatiable bottom I am today.
As so many times before, Kevin had already painted my tonsils with a hot
load of spunk earlier so our fuck was awesome.  And loud.  The way Kevin
would put me through the paces drove me wild and I let him---and the whole
world---know it.  That's really why I never heard my Dad until I saw him
standing in the doorway of my room.

He freaked fucking out!  My Dad started yelling and swinging all at the
same time.  Kevin literally had to fight my Dad off while pulling his pants
on.  Then he had to fight his way out of the house.  I wasn't so lucky.  I
had to stand a face the music as it were.  What followed were a few days of
absolute hell and tense negotiations.  The hell was living with my Dad and
his non-stop ranting about having a faggot for a son.  The negotiations
were actually me begging him not to file charges against Kevin for fucking
a minor.  Finally, when all was said and done, the only way I could get
away from my Dad and keep him from having Kevin locked up was to agree to
my Dad's demands that I enlist in the Marines.  He said they'd make a man
out of me.  Little did he know how true that was.

Even the sick feeling I had two weeks later while riding on the bus to Boot
Camp was better than living with my Dad.  The sense of dread I had at what
the next 4 years of my life was going to be like was still a picnic
compared to the verbal and physical abuse I'd gotten at home.  Frankly, I
was relieved that I was out of the house.

Boot Camp wasn't too bad.  I was in great physical shape to begin with and
those weeks just served to hone me into a tightly muscled fighting
machine. Even though I was surrounded by awesome examples of maleness 24
hours a day I was careful to avoid any obvious interest in any of my fellow
Marines.  It wasn't so hard to do because I was scared at the prospect of
being outed.  All went well and before long I graduated from Boot Camp and
moved on to my first assignment.

It wasn't until about a year after Boot Camp that I was brave enough to
venture out into the gay world.  It took me that long to lessen my fear of
discovery.  Once I did, gay life wasn't hard to find mind you.  Just
outside of Camp Pendleton there's a whole gay scene teeming with activity.
Over the course of the next year I had several encounters with men.  Some
were other Marines but most were men into Marines.  Generally, there was no
pretense of my encounters being anything more than sexual.

Early on in my adolescence I had learned that my good looks turned heads.
It was the girls' reactions to me that I'd noticed first.  That was just
ok.  Actually, it was an annoyance because I never really considered them
interesting in a sexual way.  It's when I was about 15 or 16 and the guys
started paying attention that I really discovered who I was.  Still and
all, I'd only had a few hasty handjobs or blowjobs before I got caught in
Kevin's spell in high school.

I've been told that a lot of guys are intimidated by my good looks.  So,
it's mainly been the aggressive guys that have hit on me from the moment I
stepped a foot into that first gay bar.  The bold and ballsy ones. Almost
always they're tops.  And that's a good thing because that's just the kind
of man I like.

I was only 18 going on 19 when I went looking for dick for the first time
in the bars in Oceanside.  I was scared but too damned horny and naive to
know what was up.  I needn't have been scared.  Right away it became
obvious that I wasn't ever going to have a problem finding a man to make me
feel good.  I wanted to get laid and laid I got!  Lots of guys hit on me.
Some were hot and some were not.  Most got a shot at me though.  I was
young, dumb and full of cum and there were plenty of takers ready to
relieve me of it.

I had lots of sex in those early days off base.  And it was all good to a
certain extent.  It took several encounters before I figured out just what
turned me on the most.  I began to learn stuff.  Like what kind of guy
turned me on.  And what kind of sex I liked the best and that kind of
stuff.  Finally I figured out what my type was.  Taller than me.  Muscular.
Masculine.  Rugged.  Top.  Dark hair.  Hairy chest, belly, legs and butt.
Good kisser.  So, after several encounters, I began to go for only the guys
that were closer to my type.

Boot Camp had bulked my 5'9" frame up from 145 lbs at enlistment to 160 lbs
at graduation.  I'd perfected that with a work out regimen that got
noticeable results.  I'd carefully developed sizeable arms, firm and
pronounced pecs and ripped abs.  Add that to the muscular legs and a high
and tight bubble butt mother nature gave me.  All that with the 31" waist
I've had since puberty.  Although blonde, my skin easily takes a dark tan.
I'm told my big blue eyes look deep into a man's soul.

I don't have much hair on my body.  At least not on my arms, chest and
belly.  Ditto for my butt.  What hair I do have is naturally blond.  I've
got a little under my arms.  There's also a tiny swirl around my navel that
travels in a straight line down to where it joins a crop that hugs tightly
to the base of my dick.  Completely missing my balls it then dives between
my legs and disappears but not before it surrounds my pucker ever so
lightly.  I'm not sure why, but my legs are the hairiest part of my body.

Earlier I said that it took several encounters before I figured out just
what I was looking for.  In a sense that's not totally accurate.  I always
knew that I was a bottom looking for a skilled top.  That much was obvious.
Given that proclivity, my hard bubble butt was a blessing.  A blessing for
me and the many top men that can't resist it.

I said I was naive.  Naive yes, but not stupid.  Always a sucker for a
horny and aggressive top, it didn't take me long to discover that the men
that I found sexy and that really turned me on weren't always drop dead
handsome. When I listened to my dick it seemed that the results were
better.  Some of the best fucks of my young life were from guys who weren't
necessarily the best looking.  Many times they were the ones that got me
all hot and bothered before even laying a hand on me.

Sergeant Kiley was one such guy.  He was 30 and built like a brick
shithouse.  He was a rugged man of Irish descent with a thick pelt of dark
hair just about all over his body.  Far from ugly, he had a gap in his
front teeth and a crooked nose that kept him from winning any beauty
contests.  Yet he couldn't have cared less.  He carried himself like the
cocksure man I grew to know he was.  Because CamPen was a behemoth base
staffed with tens of thousands of men not surprisingly I'd never seen him.
Besides, he was assigned to a completely different area on the base than I
was.

Kiley had pursued me pretty aggressively from the get go.  I was
comfortable in my usual little corner of the bar when he kind of invaded my
space.  I politely blew him off a couple of times but he just came back for
more when he'd see me again.  Finally I gave in one slow night when he
bought me a beer on the sly.  Not being 21 had it's disadvantages.
Attracting men over 21 did.  We shot the shit for about 45 minutes before I
started warming up to him.  He had a great sense of humor and before long I
was at ease.  I started noticing things about him.  Like his naturally
masculine ways.  The hair on his knuckles as he gestured while talking.
The way his lip curled up on one side.  His long fucking eyelashes.  The
scent of him.  He smelled like a man.  No cologne, no heavy deodorant, just
the musk of a man.  It was then I began to feel an attraction to him.
Kiley's gaydar picked up on that and he never missed a beat.

What ensued was the most incredible night of mansex I'd ever had in my
young life.  In many ways that night with him and the many that followed
are the best I've ever had in the sack.  The foreplay started naturally and
long before I even knew.  My first clue should have been the throbbing
boner in my pants!

The man was a master at sweet talk.  Words poured off his tongue like
nectar.  It was then I noticed just how fucking sensuous his lips were.
Sweet talk smoothly transcended into light touching.  His rough man hands
felt good when he gripped my arm when he laughed or made a point.  The
intense interest his eyes portrayed when I spoke coupled with the light
stroking of my shoulder and side only heightened my awareness of the hazel
color of his eyes.  While I was mesmerized by his lips and eyes his talk
took on a decided sexy edge.  Sexy in tone and content.  Concurrent with
that his touch became more insistent.  Even before I was aware of it he was
purposefully stimulating my erroneous zones.

Before I knew it we were in his nearby off-base apartment.  Kiley
skillfully played me like a finely tuned instrument.  His touch, his words,
his manner and his outstanding prowess cast such a spell over me.  Because
of him I achieved sexual highs previously unknown.  The memory of it all
brings a smile to my face to this day.  At a painstakingly slow pace, under
his guidance, we progressed naturally from the most basic man to man
maneuvers to a balls-out fuck scene that left me a changed man.

Kiley helped me discover erroneous zones I never knew I had.  His sloppy,
wet and deep kissing was like none I'd ever experienced.  When his tongue
swirled around my ears my skin exploded into a million goose bumps.
Involuntary moans escaped me when he moved lower onto my neck.  Noticing my
reaction, he continued to pleasure me there.  Laying on top of me he worked
my neck hard as I thrashed in ecstasy below him.  When he picked up the
pace and worked my neck harder, I instinctively wrapped my legs around him
until I was rubbing my butthole along the engorged shaft of his manhood.
If there had been any previous doubt where the night was leading it was
cleared up at that moment.

Neck work evolved into equally pleasurable tit work which moved lower onto
my rippled and heaving belly before swooping down onto my 7 inches of
drooling dickmeat.  After deep throating me nearly to orgasm, he pulled off
and bathed my balls in spit before maneuvering us into a 69 position.  Once
his cock was in position I worked the entire length of it like a starving
man while he sucked me into oblivion.  Suddenly he changed the whole pace
of the action by moving around between my legs and lifting my legs in the
air.  What followed was what seems like hours of the most intense rimming.
On my back, on my side, on all fours and finally on my belly, Kiley feasted
on the tender inner flesh of my fuck hole like a man possessed.  Sure, I'd
had guys eat my butt before that night but, compared to Kiley, they were
all amateurs.  Kiley knew his was around a butt and wasn't afraid to show
it.  Finally, he once again turned me over onto my back, pushed my knees to
my chest and deep tongued my hole until it was an undulating tunnel of fuck
flesh.  As he lowered my legs, I felt the cool sensation of lube being
squeezed into me.  I loved the way he took control.

Then the man crawled up my body, placing my knees on his shoulders.  When
his mouth closed over mine I smelled the scent and tasted the musk of my
butt for the first time.  The thought of it made my hole gape.  As if
guided by radar the slippery snout of his devildog dick found it's target.
By the time he'd slipped his long and lean cock inside of me I was begging
for it.  Once buried to the balls, Kiley proceeded to show me what a true
man fuck was.  Varying depth and speed, he balled me for nearly an hour in
every possible position all the while working my neck, tits and cock.  The
man had incredible staying power.  Not until he got me off did he even show
a hint of getting close to cumming.

After nearly fucking me off with his dick alone, he finished me off by
moving his bone deep inside while rubbing his hairy belly against the
sensitive underside of my cock while he gave my neck a heavy work out with
his tongue.  My orgasm started from my toes.  Thrashing about below him, I
gripped the Stud tightly while I spewed my spunk.  His hardness felt
awesome against my prostate as my hole tightened around it.  It was only
then that he began losing it.

Just as I was about shot out, his cock enlarged noticeably, his breathing
became frantic and he buried his bone to the balls.  That caused my hole to
dilate, forcing yet more of my tender inner flesh onto his hardness.
Kiley's eyes rolled back in his head and he rocketed a weeks worth of wad
inside of me.  His ball beer warmed the depths of my hole as he claimed me
for his own.  My hole seemed to grip and release him with the same rhythm
of his ejaculation.  I didn't want it to end.  I wanted him to stay inside
of me forever.  I wanted to feel his maleness perpetually.  As if he read
my mind, he rolled me over, turning my sensitive inner flesh over his still
hard cock, and lay on my back.  As we lay there cooling off I could we
could each feel our heartbeats in our coupling.

When I crawled out of his bed several hours and three glorious fucks later,
I was hopelessly hooked on the man and his cock.  He'd worked hard for my
ass, treated it right and, by the dawn, he'd mastered it.  Kiley owned my
ass and he knew it.  Until he shipped out for a new duty station some 3
months later, he dicked me several times a week with remarkable precision.

After Kiley left I spent months and months looking for a man that could
master my butt with the same skill he had.  I'd been through dozens of men
with cocks of every size and shape and none of them seemed to be able to
fuck as well as Kiley.  I put out plenty in those ensuing months in my
pursuit of penile perfection.  Although many of those encounters were quite
pleasurable, none came close to Kiley.  Until I met Primer and Gunner that
is.  And that's another story!