Helping Patrick 2 (Chapter 1)

Helping Patrick
Ovdoc@yahoo.com
10/2012
Chapter two
It was only a few days after we had returned from Disneyland that we found
out there was going to be a test at med school. It would be our first big one.
Not only were our grades important, but those few students who were not
qualifying would be dropped. Me, Freddy, and Patrick were not worried. We
had been studying together and doing well, but Eddy was not doing as well.
Eddy had asked Patrick for help. Patrick had explained to him that he would
ask if we would include Eddy in our study group. Eddy was a sandy blond
just a few months older than Patrick. He had a slender almost feminine body.
His waist was very small, but broadened out to give him buns to die for.
More than a few students in the dorm tried not to shower when Eddie was in
the shower. Those gorgeous buns drove guys crazy. And when he bent over
or just brushed up against another guy, half a dozen dicks started to rise.
Half a dozen guys had to go pee. Most returned looking shy, but relieved.
You just knew they had whacked off in the stalls next to the showers.  I had
once rushed off to whack off because of Eddy, and had returned to find him
still there. He looked up at me with that innocent looking gorgeous smile as if
he knew what I had done. I did my best to avoid looking at him. Even though
I had just whacked off, I knew I still wanted some of that.
Including Eddy in our study group presented a problem. When we studied,
Freddy and I usually thought nothing of stripping down to our undies. Patrick
was used to this, so when he came to our room to study, he either stripped
down too, or just smiled when we stroked or played with our balls while
studying. We didn’t actually go much further than that because we knew we
would have the week ends to play. Having Eddy there would mean we had to
be more careful. I had already whacked off more than once dreaming that I
was pounding my dick up Eddy’s butt. And there was no way I was going to
admit to Patrick that I wanted to sleep with his room mate. I liked Patrick too
much for that. Eddy was a physical attraction - something like candy. Or
maybe more like poison. Did I really want to get caught going after Eddy?
Did I really expect Patrick to understand that I couldn’t resist a blond with a
beautiful butt and a cute looking innocent smile?
But Patrick had plans of his own.  The next night when he and Eddy had
finished their shower, they returned to their room to study together. Each had
put on their undies and had laid down on a bunk to read and quiz each other.
Patrick paused long enough to play with and stroke his semi- erect shaft
through the cotton undies, ignoring Eddy’s amused look, and his close body.
Eddy was laying next to him. Their bodies very close. There was no way
Eddy would not notice that Patrick’s dick was getting bigger, or that it
needed some attention. His began to enlarge also.
Eddy rolled over on his stomach to hide the stiff problem in his crotch. Then
he realized this was not the way to go. He had been waiting for this chance to
get more acquainted with Patrick. If they were going to be room mates, he
wanted to be more than friends. And if Patrick’s friends were willing to let
him study anatomy using their bodies, he was going to have to be open to any
kind of body study they had in mind. After all, it was his request that they
include him in their group.
Watching Patrick to guage his response, Eddy rolled back over. This time, he
lay on his back. His tight briefs showed a six inch stiff shaft bulging out and
pushing up against the thin cotton material. He glanced down, feeling a little
uncomfortble as he always did when he knew his dick was all but visible to
others. He had done this before, but not here at the school. Eddy had known
ever since he became a teen that other guys liked his looks and especially his
buns. He had found out why at twelve when an older boy  shared his tent at a
scout camp out. The boy was so kind that he had showed Eddy how to jerk
off, get a blow job, and even how to take a dick up his butt. Eddy had
enjoyed learning too. He had a few brief romances at high school.  Now once
again, he wanted to play. He had made his move. Patrick had shown interest
in him. Would he make the next move?
Patrick was ready. He had as much experience as Eddy did. Probably more.
Pushing the book aside, he smiled at Eddy and looked down at his crotch.
Reaching down with one hand, he placed it on top of the bulge and slowly
but gently slid the cotton back and forth. Eddy moaned, then arched up
pushing the cotton briefs out of the way. They had seen each other nude
before, but this time they were both aroused and horny. This was way
different.
Eddy was now stiff and nude. Patrick’s hand was now feeling him up. He ran
his hand over the hard shaft, then down to the low hanging sac feeling the
egg shaped balls. He lifted up and pushed his own briefs all the way off and
then rolled over on top of Eddy to grind his own stiff dick against Eddy’s.
The two of them had just crossed the line. They probably didn’t even realize
it. Right now all that mattered was getting to know each other in a new and
different way. Each felt he had a lot to teach the other.
Patrick quickly slid down until his mouth could reach and engulf Eddy’s
dick. Eddy could not have been any more willing. He was thrilled to feel
those lips sliding over his joy stick. And Patrick knew how to make him want
more. He used his tongue to lick the pre-cum off the tip and then lick at the
glans as he began his slow sensual bobbing. Each time he went down on that
beautiful rod, he went further and sucked it in further. Eddy didn’t have a
chance of backing off even if he wanted to. Patrick was claiming him as his
own. Eddy wanted this. He wanted Patrick.
Pushing up long enough to break free of Patrick for only a moment, Eddy
managed to turn around so he could enjoy doing Patrick’s dick at the same
time. Patrick was more than pleased. He gladly thrust his aching dick into
Eddy’s mouth and then the two of them went to work, each trying to be better
than the other. Neither needed to do this, but neither knew that. Both had just
come out to each other. And both were more than happy to share their skill
and their talents with the other.  I doubt they could tell you who came first or
who enjoyed it more. They simply blew a terrific load, then reluctantly gave
up the game for a moment while they regained their breath and relaxed.
Neither wanted more. They were both willing to hold each other and
compliment each other as being really good. Finally, they returned to their
studies before turning in. Both wondered why the other didn’t try to screw
them. Both would have gladly let it happen. That answer would come later.
The next step came the next morning. That was when Patrick admitted to
Eddy he had seduced me, and we had become a pair. He explained that
Freddy was also in on it. The two of them came up with a plan. They would
get me and Freddy to take them to the club for drinks, then go back to the
dorm room and seduce us.
The plan went a little astray when Freddy couldn’t go. They wound up at the
club with me. After a few stiff drinks, we wound up going to their room to
study. Both of them were a little high, but still planning to seduce me.
As always, Patrick got things going by stripping down to his undies. I did the
same. Then came the shocker. Eddy casually got rid of his shirt, then slid out
of his trousers revealing his pink silk panties. He had put them on hoping to
attract our attention. Thinking at first, he was wearing some new kind of very
small, very thin men’s undies, Patrick and I looked first at him, then at each
other. The panties were way too small for his goodies. A stiff six inch dick
was clearly visible under the material. You could make out everything about
it. And the head of it was very visible. It was sticking out of the elastic waist
band. His balls were pressed tightly up against his body with a good portion
also exposed.
Patrick had sat down next to me on the side of his bunk. Eddy sat down on
the other side. Both Patrick and I had instantly sprung hard ons just at the
sight of Eddy’s apparel. Both of us had a tent in our undies. Studying a book
was now totally not our intentions.
I reached around Eddy’s buns to feel the soft slick material just to be sure it
was in fact a pair of panties. It was. Eddy didn’t move. He just looked over at
me to judge my reaction. He neither smiled or frowned. Probably not sure
how I would react to a guy that liked wearing panties.
“You’re wearing panties?” I almost whispered, dropping the book and
groping his butt and his goodies with both hands.
Eddy didn’t say anything. He knew it wasn’t necessary. He lifted up long
enough for me to slide the panties down far enough for him to take them off.
Then he knelt in front of me pulling my own undies off and quickly taking
my seven inch shaft into his mouth. He convinced me immediately that he
knew what he was doing and that he wanted it. He really went to work.
Patrick realized this study group had just deteriorated into a sex thing
between me and Eddy. The panties had caught him off guard, but he knew
what I liked. He jumped off the cot to get his tube of K-Y so I would be
prepared. He handed the tube to Eddy who backed off my dick long enough
to open the lube and apply it generously to the shaft and to his rear taking the
time to shove a couple of fingers inside it to loosen it up.
I positioned Eddy over the bed with his legs dangling off the side. Then I got
behind him placing my dick at the entrance to his boy pussy. Once in place, I
pressed firmly. Eddy pushed back trying to open up. My glans popped inside.
He let out a gasp, but remained still. I slowly and gently eased my way in.
When I hit his pleasure point, Eddy jumped, looked up at me with a smile,
and pushed all the way back until my pubes were tight against his buns. I was
in. I moved around inside him to get him accustomed to the feel, then began
my rhythm. Once I knew he was enjoying it, I pulled out, laid him on his
back with legs lifted, and entered again facing him. The two of us kissed each
other all over. Eddy was not new to this. He was loving it. It wasn’t long
before I felt my load building fast. I was by now long thrusting him fast. It
was reward time. I thrust in hard, held his butt up in the air, and shot load
after load deep inside him. Then I collapsed on top of him, praising his
talents. We kissed. Then I let my wilting rod slide out. Eddy dozed off.
Realizing I had left Patrick out of the fun, I moved over to his bunk and
began blowing him. That wasn’t what he wanted. Greasing up his butt, he
waited until I got the hard on back. Once I was ready, we did it again. I slid
into him knowing it would take a little longer this time, but also knowing
Patrick would make me just as pleased as Eddy had. We went at it with a
passion. Both of us loved what we did to each other. Patrick knew what I
wanted. No matter that it took a little longer. I think that second load was just
as good as the first.
I rested, then went back to my room.
The next day, Patrick and I arranged for Eddy to meet Freddy. Patrick was
more than pleased. He had not intended that I should wind up sleeping with
Eddy. He wasn’t even willing to share me with Eddy. Eddy was to be set up
with Freddy. Patrick was caught off guard with the panty trick. Eddy had not
told him about the silk fetish. No doubt Patrick was worried that I might like
Eddy more than him, or that I might want him to start wearing panties. He
made it clear that although he and Eddy might fool around together in their
room, they were not a pair. And I responded that I had no plans to get it on
with Eddy either. We would fix him up with Freddy who had no one at the
time.
Later that day, all of us met in my room. Patrick and I left for his room to
study.  Freddy and Eddy remained. Freddy was amazed that Eddy wore his
silk panties. Seems Freddy liked that. I’m sure he also liked finding out why
Eddy liked being on bottom. He was in a pretty good mood when I came
back to the room. Seems he and Eddy had gotten well acquainted. He would
be more than happy to have Eddy join our little group when we were
traveling. Freddy was amused that Eddy was so openly attracted to sex. They
had become good friends. Eddy knew what was expected of him. He had
really seduced Freddy into a night of hot sex.
Other than a few secret meetings between Eddy and me, things went well for
the coming months. Eddy had at times felt like Freddy just wasn’t the kind of
lover I was. I was arrogant enough to fall for his line. We would meet when
Patrick and Freddy were on duty, or not around. I know it wasn’t right. I
would have cried if Patrick had found out. I think he did suspect that we were
meeting sometimes. If he did, he never let on. Eddy was not just playing
around. He was definitely gay. And always horny. At times, he was also
playing with other guys in our class.
My time in school was an amazing part of my life. Not long after Eddy joined
our gang, we met a few friends who introduced us to gay life in Hollywood.
Those experiences kept Patrick and Eddy very busy. There were some very
famous people who loved having young sailors at their parties. Freddy and I
were invited along for the ride. And, boy, did we love it. All of us would
meet some famous names. There were to many parties, drugs, booze, and
stuff to include here. For me, it was a time to meet and play with some
famous people. Freddy’s money and influence played a big role. I sometimes
wonder how we managed to keep our school work up while planning every
week end like they were holidays. Week days were just days to recover so we
could start all over.
There were setbacks though. Eddy recruited new guys to attend the parties.
He let them know gay stuff was part of the price for meeting movie stars. A
few of them got caught fooling with each other in the dorm. They took Eddy
down with them. Gays were dismissed from the service back then. Eddy was
discharged, but did not name any of us. With regret, we thanked him and held
a farewell party when he left.
Patrick, Freddy, and I remained good friends until we finished the school.
Each of us was given different transfer orders after graduation. Freddy was
ordered to report to a navy cruiser medical department. His ship was later
ordered overseas. We lost touch after that. Patrick was assigned to a hospital
staff in California. After a few months, he met a nurse and decided he liked
her. I was assigned to a Marine base medical dispensary, then later to a
Marine Recon squad, My California days were done. My squad was sent
overseas where we again would spend time behind enemy lines.
Although the three of us would never meet again, I’ll never forget helping
Patrick.
Don’t forget. This happened years ago. Feel free to contact me at
ovdoc@yahoo.com.
Let me know your military stories. Or maybe you have a
first love story?
Also don’t forget; nifty.org/donations. They need your support to keep these
archives open. Whatever you can give will help.

---

Helping Patrick 1 (Chapter 2)

Helping Patrick
Ovdoc@yahoo.com
Sept. 2012
Chapter 1
I first met Patrick when I checked in at the navy hospital in San Diego many years
ago. He was fresh out of high school. I was returning from combat in the Far East.
I was also two years older. The two of us were reporting for medical training at the
hospital. Since we had arrived early, they put us in a temporary room and told us
they would take care of us the following week.
Patrick was a gorgeous looking seventeen year old boy smart as a whip. I could
see why they had picked him for training as a medical technician. He and I hit it
off instantly. I had served as a Marine medic and had returned wearing a Marine
uniform, a few medals, and discovered I was pretty popular among the hospital
staff. Most had never seen combat duty. Many were amazed that Marine medics
were trained by the Navy. The fact that I had received the Purple Heart for a minor
injury and a medal for heroism in combat didn’t hurt any.
The first weekend we were there, Patrick and I decided to have a few drinks.
Patrick asked if I had ever been to Tiajuana, Mexico. I was new to California,
much less Mexico. He explained he could not drink in San Diego. He was under
age, but not in Mexico. Off we went to Tiajuana. And a few drinks later Patrick
was getting loaded and loud. I decided to get him back to the room before he got
both of us in trouble.
Patrick was still drinking all the way back to our room. Like most teens, he was
determined to prove he was able to handle all the booze he could drink. By the
time we got back, he was laughing, hanging all over me, and boasting that he was
perfectly sober. I had heard that story from a dozen young Marines before him. I
let him drink knowing he was mine tonight. In case I didn’t mention it before, I
have a hankering for guys more so than women. And Patrick was a lollipop in a
uniform. I couldn’t wait to find out what flavor this lollipop tasted like. Of course,
I hadn’t told Patrick that he looked hotter than anything else on the menu. Or that
he was expected to repay my kindness with certain favors.
Once I got him back to our room, I convinced him we needed to shower and get
some sleep. It was getting pretty late. Patrick was so far gone, he had no idea
where he was or how late it was. I knew there would be no one in the showers at
that hour. I undressed both of us down to our underwear and held Patrick up as we
headed to the showers. Once I got him under the water, I held him against the wall
long enough to soap him down. Patrick was laughing and joking as I ran my hands
all over his chest and stomach. I noticed he had about a five inch cut shaft and a
nice brown bush. He was not shy and had not tried to stop me from undressing him
or soaping him down. When I got to around to massaging his dick, he sprung a
stiff, but teased that he knew I liked stroking his dick. After the shower, I threw a
towel around my waist and practically carried him back to our room. His towel just
lay on his waist. He could have cared less. When I picked him up and carried him
down the hall to our room, he laughed that I must be in pretty good shape to carry
him. He was small for his age and only weighed maybe a little over a hundred
pounds. He even leaned in to my neck and gave me a peck on the cheek, laughing
that he used to do that for his dad when he was little. He looked a little surprised
when I returned the favor quietly smiling at the intoxicated victum.
Locking the door behind me, I knew I had to have this boy. I was already so hard I
would have screwed the first hole available. I removed the towel from Patrick’s
waist and gently laid him on his bunk like a full course meal waiting to be
consumed. Patrick was almost instantly asleep. He lay there with his legs spread as
I dried him off, pausing to kiss his chest, stomach, cheeks, and finally his dick.
Tossing off my own towel, I laid down beside Patrick, taking his semi-stiff dick in
my mouth for some gentle loving. It grew instantly hard as I bobbed up and down
taking it totally inside while I licked, stroked, and deep throated it for him.
Although I am sure he was feeling no pain, it was only a matter of minutes before
Patrick shared his cum with me, moaning and thrashing about as he shot off his
fresh teenage load. His shaft was small and short enough that I had no problem
working him over. I was tempted to do him again but I knew I may not get this
chance again.
After turning him over on his stomach, I spread his cheeks open and greased up
my fingers to work him up for my next surprise. He moaned as I slid first one
finger inside his butt, worked it over until I was finger fucking him. He was totally
out of it. He moaned in pleasure, but I could tell he was relaxed and asleep. He
offered little resistance as I slipped the second finger in.
Finally, I knew he was ready. Kneeling behind him, I eased into position and
gently placed the head of my seven inch dick against his hole. He did try to
squeeze me out when I first popped the head inside him. He also made some
strange sounds as if uncomfortable, then slowly relaxed as the shaft continued to
slide further inside him. By the time I was laying flat on top of him with my dick
tucked inside his chute, he was no longer attempting to dislodge it. He relaxed and
let me rest for a moment before I started slow short movements to find his love
spot and to let him get used to the feeling of fullness in his butt. I caused his
groans of pain to change to moans of pleasure as the shaft caused his body to
tingle from the electric charges coming from his crotch. We spent about an hour
with me enjoying his tight hole and his new found internal thrills. His dick had
once again stiffened and shot off another load. That trick had caused my dick to
start throbbing. I blew a load deep inside him. As the shaft softened, I let it slide
out. Then I covered him with a sheet and retreated to my own bunk.
When Patrick awoke the next morning, I had slipped down to the dining hall and
got him some coffee. He woke as I came back into the room. He was covered with
a sheet and looked underneath it to realize he was still nude. He then looked at a
piss hard on that caused a tent in the sheet. He made no attempt to hide it, but
complained that his head hurt a lot and his butt felt funny. I suggested he might
want to take a leak and a crap. He had got drunk last night. He asked how he got
naked. I explained we took a shower. He didn’t remember. I handed him a cup of
coffee and a clean pair of underwear. After a moment, he got up, slipped into the
briefs, and silently waddled into the bathroom. I heard a couple of loud farts and
some plops as he emptied his chute. He took a long time before coming back to the
bed to lay down on top in his briefs.
I suspected that Patrick had figured out that I had done more than put him to bed,
but wasn’t sure. He boasted that he had a great time drinking in bars. He had never
done that with another guy before. He had only drank with high school buddies in
cars and at parties. We talked about high school and sports. As we chatted and
swapped stories, he spread his legs.  I made no attempt not to look over his crotch.
I also noticed his shaft was beginning to grow larger and stiffer under the undies.
He admitted he didn’t have any girl friends since he joined the Navy. I also
admitted I didn’t have a girl friend. Patrick confided he knew the area well and
had grew up here. He would be glad to show me around while I was here at the
school.
For the majority of the day, he and I hung out on the hospital grounds. We did
visit a zoo nearby. There was also a golf course and a bowling alley on the
hospital grounds. The two of us chose to do our drinking at the club on the base.
Once again, Patrick drank more than he could handle. I was discovering he wasn’t
all that used to drinking. I had to smile remembering how I had also tried to hide
my weakness to booze when I first started drinking. I was thoroughly enjoying my
role as big brother taking care of Patrick. And yes, I was hoping I might repeat my
performance with him.
During the day, many new students had showed up for the school, so I found the
shower a little more crowded when Patrick and I returned to the dorm. I also
noticed Patrick was more aware of his condition. He was buzzed, but he held his
own in the shower. Both of us were gawking at new bodies we would later get
acquainted with.
Once we got back to our room, Patrick openly admitted he and his friends had met
men in the local parks. It was no big deal to make some change by letting some fag
suck on your dick. He had started drinking by getting guys to buy his booze for
favors. The two of us wound up blowing each other that night, but blamed it on
the booze.
The next day, both of us were moved to our new rooms. In the military, rooms are
usually assigned according to seniority and rank. Patrick and I were not even close
when it came to seniority, and I was also a higher rank. Although I hated to move,
I knew it would have to be.
My new room mate was a guy named Fred. We had the same time in service and
were the same rank, but he had no combat time. He envied me for that. I would act
as Student Leader. Fred was my assistant. The two of us would lead the student
class in military formations, parades, and act as class leaders. The roles would
mean a lot. The younger students would accept us as mentors. Fred was more of a
serious and studious guy, so he was contented with the assistant role. He had no
desire to lead.
Patrick came to visit after he had settled in with his new room mate. He was a
blond about Patrick’s age and not long in the navy. Patrick introduced Eddie and
repeated his offer to show me around California.  Not only did Freddy and I agree
to let him show us around town, we were both pleased. Freddy was  new to San
Diego. He was also from a wealthy business family back east. He had a nice new
car and wanted to see the area while we were here. Patrick and I were more than
happy to see places like Los Angeles and Hollywood riding in an expensive car.
We found out Freddy’s last name was a famous food product name. His dad made
frozen foods. I would tease Freddy about being wealthy, which he took well. He
had joined the navy to fulfill his miitary obligation, but also to strike out on his
own. His family had agreed, but was not pleased that he left home to get a fresh
start. They would have sent him to a medical school had he asked. Fred did it his
way.
All of us were kept pretty busy getting used to the school’s studies and rigid
routine for that first week. Freddy was great at keeping us focused. We did sneak
off to the club a few times for a drink, but no heavy drinking would be tolerated.
Freddy and I discovered we had a better understanding of military discipline and
rules than the other students. We were able to settle down faster and easier. On the
other hand, the younger students were more used to studying books. I guess it
kinda evened out.
Freddy was smart enough to realize Patrick and I liked each other a lot. He knew
we were probably more than just new friends. We never discussed why. It was just
understood.
Patrick and Eddy would come to our room to study with us. As we got used to
each other, we also grew more used to making ourselves more comfortable in front
of each other. It was not unusual for me and Freddy to study wearing only our
undies. We would stretch out on our bunks not the least bit worried that our
privates were visible under the undies.  Pat soon followed suit. We tried not to
stare at each other’s goodies, but we were all young and horny. Catching a stray
stare was usually met with a corny comment like “See something you like”.  That
was enough to keep us looking away, or maybe joking that “You ain’t old enough
yet.”
All that changed the first week end Fred and I decided to get away for awhile. We
were going to visit Boysenberry Farms and Disneyland. Patrick was free but Eddy
had duty. We had hardly even mentioned it to Patrick before his eyes lit up. When
Freddy offered to pay for the tickets and take care of the hotel room, he was
practically jumping around like a school boy. When I added that we would
probably have a few drinks at a night club, that did it. He couldn’t wait. What we
would expect of him was not a problem. He didn’t say that, but he smiled that
impish grin when I mentioned we would all stay in the same hotel room the two
nights we would be gone. I also teased that I hadn’t had sex with a woman since
the school started. Patrick reminded me he was from California. Freddy gave him a
puzzled look, but added he could use some lessons on sex claiming that he never
really got very far with that. I had lived with Fred long enough to hear him beating
off at night in his bunk. I had also caught him staring at me when we changed. I
didn’t know for sure, but I was pretty sure Fred wanted more than a jerk off. I’m
sure Patrick knew it too.
We left early on Friday afternoon so we could visit a ghost town, maybe have
some fun taking part in a gun fight act, then have a few drinks at a western bar
before having dinner and a few more drinks before checking in at the hotel. Fred
had been on the phone before we left the school. Everything was pre-arranged. I
was impressed at how well he had set up the program. We had a great time. By the
time we got to the hotel, we were all good friends still in uniform. That got us lots
of attention, especially me and Fred. We had a few ribbons showing our time on
duty. And Patrick’s uniform got him in the bar (although I thought he looked like a
school boy playing soldier).
The hotel room had a large spacious double bed and a single bed. Fred had
assumed Patrick and I would want the double bed. He would take the single. We
agreed to shower before turning in. That wasn’t a big deal. We had showered
together at the dorm, so getting undressed was not a sexual thing although I’m
sure Freddy was aware that Patrick and I took a little longer and eyed each other a
lot more than most.
We had all drank enough that we were friendlier than we should have been. And
Patrick always looks more beautiful to me when my sex defenses are relaxed, and
tonight they were really relaxed. Once under the shower, I almost forgot Fred was
there. I just suddenly started soaping down Patrick’s back as I did before. Patrick
did nothing to stop me. He loved it when I soaped him down. He backed up to me
knowing I would soon be stroking his dick. And I was soon doing just that.
It wasn’t until I was busily kissing Patrick’s shoulders and slowly stroking his
proud six inch shaft that I noticed Fred. He was quietly watching as I held
Patrick’s gorgeous little torso close while I worked his dick and balls like I was
playing a fine musical instrument. Patrick was just moaning with pleasure. His
eyes were closed.
“I guess this looks gay. We just like jerking off in the shower.” I volunteered.
“Every body likes jerking off in the shower.” Fred answered, working over his
own six inch cut dick.
Not sure I should go any further, I finished by rinsing Patrick down, handing him a
towel to dry off, and pointing him toward the bed. Fred and I rinsed off too. But as
soon as Patrick had left, Fred dropped to his knees on the tile floor and took as
much of my dick as he could handle inside his mouth. He knew what he was
doing. I wasn’t his first. He held my hips and bobbed up and down until I
rewarded him with a generous load of cum. Even then, he didn’t let up until I
pushed him back. He had drained that poor little tube. It needed a rest.
Fred stood up asking if I was angry. I laughed, telling him I wouldn’t let him do
that more than six times a day. That brought a broad grin to his face. As I dried off
to join Patrick in bed, I watched Fred finish jerking off, then wash it down the
drain. Then he grabbed a towel to finish up.
Patrick had dozed off. He was still nude. He was also still beautiful. Both Fred and
I had to pause long enough to memorize the picture perfect doll that seemed to be
begging to be loved, but was softly snoring. As Freddy finished getting ready for
bed, I reached into my bag and pulled out the K-Y. Then the light was turned off.
In the semi-darkness, I greased up my fingers and Patrick’s crack. Then I greased
my dick. It was time to let Patrick know he was mine. After all, Freddy was now
going to be traveling with us. I felt obligated to make my claim known.
If Patrick was aware of my intentions, he didn’t show it. He did open his legs a
little as I slid the long finger inside him to start stretching the hole. His breathing
seemed a little more rapid as I slid the second one in. He resisted a little, then
relaxed. He was awake. He just didn’t want to ruin his chances of being a part of
our club. He liked being wanted. And tonight he knew I had already claimed his
cherry. My fingers brought back the dreams he had before when he thought I had
became intimate with him. His sore butt was no coincident. He wrapped his arms
around his pillow and held it. He knew he was getting more than a finger job.
Once I was satisfied he was ready, I withdrew the fingers. Patrick waited as I
wiped the fingers off, then positioned myself and pulled him onto his side as I slid
my greased shaft along his crack into place. When I knew I was in place, I pushed
firmly. At first, he held off. He definitely wasn’t passed out or dreaming this time.
There was a thick hard dick seeking permission to enter his most private and
intimate place. I wasn’t going to force him. The decision was his. This was the
time when he had to decide if he wanted to continue.
Not wanting to admit he was awake and knowing he was being urged to allow me
to enter, he tried to relax. He had decided to give in, but his butt had other ideas.  I
held the pressure against him. When he released his resistance, and pushed back
against me, my big mush room shaped dick head popped inside. Just the head.
Patrick let out a soft, but audible grunt. I knew Fred could hear that. Not wanting
to hurt Patrick, I held back from going further until he was ready, but I kept the
head inside him.
Patrick waited a few minutes, perhaps still not convinced he wanted to become my
boy pussy. I knew the pain would fade and lessen if he waited. He made no
attempt to pull out. I was also relying on his desire to please me. He wanted to
remain my friend. He finally responded by pushing back to let me know he wanted
to continue. He later admitted he had also remembered feeling good when I had
humped him the first time. He wasn’t sure it was real, but he had to find out if he
had actually liked what I did. The only way he could find out if he had liked being
screwed was to do it again. This time, he was sober enough to know how it felt.
I slid in a few more inches, pausing to give him time to adjust, then slid in further
until I could feel my balls against his butt cheeks. I was in. I knew Patrick could
feel it too. He knew he had my entire length inside him. He remained quiet and
calm as I moved it around inside him looking for his love spot. If I could find that,
not only would he figure out what had felt so good about it last time, he would
want to feel that again. He was already feeling good that he had that monster all
the way in and it wasn’t hurting any more. His grunts had turned to moans. He
pushed back against me when I touched the magic spot to let me know when it felt
good.
When I did touch his prostate, he moaned softly his approval. He could feel the
impulse all the way from his toes to his head. Patrick pushed back against me
trying to get that feeling again and again. This time, it wasn’t me trying to get his
attention. He was liking what he felt. We spent our time getting used to a new
game. He was not ready to quit. This was no longer painful. He was ready and
willing to let me have him. He had given in totally.
I held Patrick to me, kissing his shoulder and sucking on his ear lobe as I slowly
started my rhythm. He couldn’t pretend he wasn’t awake any longer. He was
moaning contentedly as I started increasing my vigor and excitement to show him
I loved being in him.  Both of us were quietly moaning and making love sounds.
Patrick was rolling back and forth as I increased my humping sometimes slapping
against his fabulous buns as I plowed in and out of them. It didn’t last nearly long
enough although I’m sure Fred was wondering if we would ever finish.
Patrick’s dick couldn’t hold back any longer. He moaned loudly announcing that
he was shooting off his load. I was already too far into my own dream to stop now.
Not more than a few seconds after I felt Patrick’s hips arch up in the air and his
buns did a number on my shaft, I felt my load blasting away inside him. I don’t
even know how many times I shot off, but it wasn’t long enough. On the other
hand, I was sweating like mad. So was Patrick. Both of us were panting and out of
breath. We collapsed onto each other exhausted. Neither of us wanted to quit, but
both of us were too tired to keep up this pace. And we were both out in space
somewhere emotionally. We collapsed into a hot melted mass - happy but done
for.
It was morning before I recall any thing else. Freddy was already up. He was
dressed and had been watching TV waiting for us to recover. He looked at me
smiling when I asked him what time it was. Half the morning was gone. Patrick
was just starting to stir. He mumbled that it was way too early to be time to wake
up. I was wondering how I would explain any of this. Freddy would understand.
He had already let me know he was gay by blowing me. And Patrick and I had
already fooled around. Just not in front of Freddy.
I decided to let Patrick lead the way. If he wanted to admit and talk about getting
screwed, now was the time. But what if he didn’t feel comfortable talking about
that in front of Freddy? Best to let him bring it up.
When he did, it caught me completely off guard, and had me and Freddy both
laughing hard.
“I gotta take a crap and get a shower.” Patrick whined as he woke up. “I feel like
some one shoved a telephone pole up my ass and humped the hell out of me. “
Before I could answer him, he rolled over me and bolted for the bath room.
I explained to Freddy that this was the first time Patrick had knowingly gave in to
me completely. Freddy was still giggling as he acknowledged my confession. He
had allowed a friend to screw him as a young teen, and had enjoyed it, but was
sore for days after it happened. Seems his friend didn’t know about using lube.
He knew he was gay, but had never admitted it to any one in the military. This
was the first time he felt comfortable talking about it. He had heard us going at it
last night. He was all right with it, but he was a loner. He did not have any one he
was seeing. For now, he would have to wait and hope, but was tickled we had met
and would be able to openly chat. We agreed this was something we would only
discuss away from med school. We would later find out that other students were
doing the same thing.
I took Patrick some undies so he could dry off and get dressed. We had agreed to a
late brunch, then off to the amusement park. I had no idea Disneyland would be so
much fun. The amusements and food were great. So were the kids there to have
fun. The place was packed with kids. Most just wanted to have fun.  Patrick ran
into some boys he knew before he joined the navy. One of them took a liking to
Freddy. That made us two pairs, and Freddy was no longer an odd man. Patrick
had a chat with him. His friend, Miguel, was a Mexican born boy with a slender
build, black hair, and good looks. He stayed on after the other boys left and joined
us for dinner. Patrick privately explained that the boy was gay and had agreed to
pair off with Freddy without telling the other boys. Freddy was reluctant to go too
far, but Miguel made it clear he wanted to show Freddy a good time. He was
willing to stay the night with us if we would give him a lift home afterward.
Freddy agreed.
It was late when we got back to the hotel. We were pretty tired. After a few drinks
at the hotel lounge, we headed to our room. Patrick and I agreed to give Freddy
and Miguel the double bed. Patrick had insisted. He claimed we had done pretty
well sleeping in the single bed last night. His openness surprised me. He enjoyed
watching me turn red and squirm a little. There was no way I was going to deny
that we had sex. And it was clear I wanted that again.
Knowing he was on a roll, Patrick strongly suggested that Freddy and Miguel
should get to take the first shower. Miguel thought that was a great idea. All of us
got out of everthing but our undies. Miguel took Freddy by the hand and led him
to the shower as if they were old lovers. Freddy looked at us and smiled not
knowing how to get out of this, and not really wanting to.
Patrick and I lay side by side on the bed watching TV. I leaned over and gave
Patrick a peck on the cheek, then got us a drink from the small fridge in the room.
Patrick admitted he was awake the night before. He now knew he didn’t mind
being with me. If we were going to make out, he wanted to be open about it. I
agreed. At least off base.  We both felt more relaxed in front of each other, and
with Freddy. Patrick admitted he had helped set Freddy up with Miguel. And
Miguel had dated guys before. He could and would show Freddy a good time.
We didn’t have to wait long for proof of that. There were moans of pleasure easily
heard coming from the shower and bathroom. Although it sounded to me like
Freddy was trying to keep his moans low, Miguel was not. Whatever they were
doing, they liked it. Neither was in much of a hurry to finish. When they finally
did come out, both wore a towel. Both were smiling a lot. Neither volunteered
much information, but neither needed to.
Patrick and I made a few comments about the noise, and added we hoped they had
left some hot water for us. Miguel laughed that they were plenty hot despite the
water. As they got a drink and settled down on their bed, I led Patrick into the
shower.
As always, I started off by soaping Patrick as he soaped me. Then I did something
I had waited a while to do. As I soaped down Patrick’s back, I opened up his hole.
He leaned against a wall when he felt ready. Holding his waist with one hand, I
reached for his dick with the other. At the same time I moved in sliding my shaft
along the crack between those beautiful buns until I had made contact with the
entrance. As Patrick let out a low moan, I popped the head inside and slowly slid
inside him. Patrick was soon relaxed enough that I could whisper sweet nothings
in his ear and kiss the back of his neck while I began my rhythm. For the first time,
we were just making love to each other with out any pretense. As I pulled back
and thrust into him, Patrick encouraged me by pushing back to meet the invading
shaft. All to soon, I felt the tale-tale signs building and blasted my load deep inside
him.
We were in for another surprise when we came back into the bed room. Both
Patrick and I couldn’t help but laugh. Freddy was kneeling beside his bed. He had
leaned forward so that his chest and upper body lay across the bed. He was
holding his head up by holding it in his hands while leaning on his elbows. He was
looking away from us so he didn’t hear us come in, but we could hear him
grunting and moaning. Miguel was behind him with his dick plunging in and out
of Freddy’s hole. He too was moaning and grunting. How many times he had shot
his load in Freddy’s butt I don’t know, but he sure wanted more. You could hear
the two of them slapping against each other. They were both having a great time.
Even after they finished, and we climbed into bed with our partners, there was
more to come. Both beds got a work out that night. We slept in late the next
morning knowing we needed to return to school. Freddy dropped Miguel off near
his home as we returned. All of us were more than ready to do it all over again, but
that would have to wait. Things would change the next time we went out again.
Watch for the next chapter.
Note: Nifty needs your donations to help keep this archive open. Donations are
kept confidential. Can you help?