Home to Jude (Chapter 1)

Home to Jude
Disclaimer! If you are not of legal age to read this-don't! Or do and don't tell me! This story is the property of Evago Rush. If you wish to post it elsewhere please ask me first. Thanks!
I do not have a copy editor.  This is all me.  I originally shared my stories because I enjoyed reading them back to myself and hoped you all would too. I am not a professional.  I was very happy to see that I pleased so many of you too.  This is all fiction, but the town is based on familiar places.  Every one of my stories the characters emerge and become themselves.  I don't know who and what they will be like. I start out with an idea, but every one of them becomes more than I intend.  Jude and Andy are no different.  In most of my stories you will hear from both of the main characters.  Some parts need to be told by both, and some from a certain perspective.  I like feeling their side and I hope you do too.
My other stories on Nifty are A Different Fear in High School.  One Fallen Angel in Sci Fi Fantasy-a rougher edit that I will be adding to later this week.
Thank you all for your wonderful feedback.  I hope you continue to enjoy this story.  You might think it is done here, but while it could be...I don't think it is.
Don't forget it is fiction, and Andy and Jude are sometimes foolish. You shouldn't be. Practice safe sex.
~Evago
evagoxrush@gmail.com
<mailto:
evagoxrush@gmail.com
>
He started calling the next morning.  My cell buzzed on the floor next to the futon where I slept in Elliot's basement. I rolled over and picked it up, I can't ignore Jude.  No matter what that is one thing I am not capable of doing.
"Hello."
"Jesus, Andy. Where the hell are you?" The words were spoken with relief not anger but there was no mistaking his frustration.  I felt guilty and my face grew hot.  I really wish I had turned the damn thing off, and then I wouldn't have to face him.  But then, I am not exactly facing him am I?  "Andy?"
"Yeah, Jude. I am here. I just..." Well fuck.  `I just' what?  What was I thinking when I left the house.  Mostly nothing.  Just running like hell because I want you so much it terrifies me.
"Where is here, Andy?" He pressed.  Oh, waitaminit.
"Jude, I am staying with a friend for now." I tried to say it reasonably but it came out defensively.
"Andy," He warned, "Come home."  God, the husky sound of his voice, even now it makes my skin tingle and goose bumps rise on my arms.  My cock is hard in my boxers and I am practically shivering.  I should hang up and I just can't manage it.
Somehow my mouth didn't listen to my brain when I told myself not to answer that, "I want to."
He sucked in a ragged breath, "Where are you?" He growled and I was surprised by the intensity.
"The boys..." I argued against his coming to get me, since we both knew that was what he really was saying.
"Kelly picked them up this morning." I heard the truck start in the background. "Scott's?" He guessed angrily.
"God, Jude. No...how can you think that I would-"
"Andy, tell me where you are." He interrupted and I swung my legs over the edge of the mattress.  The floor was cold on my feet.  Damn, I need a shower.  Elliot and I drank a few beers, played some Halo and I really need to shower.  "You are at Elliot's then." He said and I flinched.  So much for the shower I had meant to take.
"Jude, not yet...I'm not...you don't understand."
"Fuck that Andy!" He said angrily, "I don't want you sleeping at some other guys house!" Oh wow. He was jealous.  My skin warmed and I felt a flush of pleasure wash over me.  Jude was jealous over me.  I reached down and adjusted my hard on.  Just squeezing the shaft like that and thinking about his intense eyes looking at me made me pant.
"I have to go now, Jude." I groaned and closed the phone.  Painfully I yanked on my clothes and bolted out the door.  I was riding up the backside of the old Fort through the marine fog of the early morning within a few minutes. Cold, damp and hungry and wondering what the hell I was doing.
Why can't I just say `no'?
You tried that.  The problem is you don't really mean it.  Do you want him to give up?  That thought made me dizzy.  Was I running so he could chase me?  I shivered.  The thought of him catching me was arousing.  Okay, so it was also sobering.  I wanted him to come for me.
The road that roams through the Fort is for official ranger vehicles only, so stopping up short in the middle is a relatively safe thing to do.  I stood there, leaning on my bike in the shadows of the trees.  Mist was rolling up over the cliff a half a mile ahead, darkening the wooded terrain.  Behind me the town rolled out over the hills towards the canal on the other side.  The concrete bunkers were a favorite spot of mine.  Concealed by fifty years of undergrowth and forest the concrete structures were silent stone monuments to an age gone by.  Jude brought me up here the first time when I was fourteen and I was instantly fascinated.  Like any kid would be.  It was a real fort.  My friends and I spent days up here, and in an age of video games and television that was saying a great deal.
He would know to find me here.  Maybe. I started riding again, deeper into the bunkers.  But the real question I asked myself was if he did, and I wanted him to, what did that mean?  Was I already going home to Jude in my mind?  I guess I knew the answer to that.  I just didn't know how to do it.  I needed him to come for me.  And fuck, that is embarrassing.  But, I just can't make myself turn around and go home.
Rolling my bike up to the stone stairs I leaned it against them and climbed to the top of the bunker and sat with my feet hanging over.  It was cold and damp and now my ass was wet, but I just had to think.  Unfortunately, my mind wouldn't cooperate.  All I could feel was panic.  Everything felt so messed up.  I wanted him to come, but he didn't.  An hour passed, two...three.  By the time I clambered onto my bike I was cold and stiff and miserable.
In hindsight I can see how childish I was being.  But at the time I just wanted him to come get me.  If he didn't maybe he didn't really want me I thought.  If he wanted me he would have found me.  By the time I got to the Fall Street Café I was angry and more determined than ever to tell him no.  I was even angry at Kelly for destroying the family and at such a difficult time too.
By the time I was headed up the hill to Elliot's house I was pretty pissed off.  Elliot answered the back door with a puzzled look on his face and I frowned at him, "What?"
"I didn't expect ya back today is all." He shook his head at me. "Liza is here," He grinned and I sighed.
"Can I get my stuff?" I muttered.
He blinked, "Uh, Jude picked it up hours ago."
Well, fuck. That passive aggressive son of a...OH, I was furious.  I rode the half a mile home, unaware I was even thinking of it as home, in an absolute fury.  Of course it started to rain just as I got to the alley.  Leaning the bike against the carriage house I walked around towards the garden path and paused in the rain.
The carriage house has a second story and the entire thing has been enlarged, glass garden doors give a view of an office.  My god.  There he is.  Sitting at a desk his fingers curled around a computer mouse, but he isn't looking at the screen.  At four in the afternoon, he needs a shave.  The pool of light he is sitting in, halogen from a singular fixture dangling above him, highlights the auburn in his sable hair.  His white button shirt is open a couple of buttons and rolled up to his forearms.  He reaches up and closes his computer, his eyes unfocused out the window.
Oh god. I love you. I turn and walk down the alley.  Not sure if he saw me in the gathering gloom, wet and distance.  I pause at the end of the alley beside the front of the house and look down the sidewalk, left and right.
"Andy?" He calls from the garden path at the rear of the house and I turn slowly.  His deck shoes slap on the worn pavement as he jogs towards me.  "Oh for god sake." He yells. "Don't you dare run off now!" He grabs me and I don't know what to do. Is he going to hit me? But he just hugs me, so fiercely I can't breathe for a moment.  He buries his face in my neck, inhaling, and says nothing.  Just embraces me, until my arms come up and go around his waist.  He relaxes his hold a little, then lifts his head, his palm stroking up my back to the back of my head I gasp as his mouth covers mine in a fierce hungry kiss.
Oh my god. Did I learn nothing?  Apparently not.  He doesn't stop.  He thrusts his tongue into my mouth angrily.  He is mad.  Not just mad, hurt.  This is the kiss of a lover desperate to make a claim.  And I should be pushing him away, but I don't care how mad he is. I love his kiss.  I made a sound of need, and he bit me, piercing the skin of my lower lip and I gasped.  He licked the sting and said my name, and pulled back. The fury was in his eyes.
"You are mad." I said stupidly.  I mean hell, where did my brain go?
"Hell yeah." He said fiercely, "Where the hell have you been?" He kissed me again. He doesn't ever let us talk. He just kisses me.  It is his answer to everything.  It feels pretty good though.  It is obvious that he likes kissing me as much as I like to be kissed by him.  I am holding him with as much ferocity, and frustration.
"Come in the house." He says harshly. "We are getting soaked out here."
"I didn't notice." And it is true.  That changes his demeanor.  He looks back at me, his hands in mine as he drags me back up the alley, and he smiles.  The mudroom is familiar, the scent damp and homey.  He turns towards me and grabs the hem of my wet hoody and pulls it off over my head like I am a child. Glaring at him I grab my t-shirt. "Hey." I protest when he grins evilly.
"No one is home."
"God, Jude."
"One thing, Andy," He says quietly, "If you are even thinking the word no, say it now. Right now." He lifts his head and looks down at me and my throat feels tight, my lips tingle and my eyes start to leak, and he kisses me gently, brushing his mouth over my tear wet cheeks.  Or is that rain?
"How about yes?" I grab his head and pull him to my mouth, and kiss him so fiercely he groans and picks me up.  His hands go around me and he scoops me up and walks resolutely through the kitchen towards the stairs.
The door to his room swings open, and the bed is made neatly.  But there is something different.  The scent in the room is all Jude now.  Not a hint of Kelly.  The duvet cover is new, dark chocolate brown with gold tone stripes along the edges.  The headboard is covered with fabric and attached to the wall, the first time I have ever noticed it.  It looks masculine and sexy. It dominates the room.
~Jude
This is the bed I am going to share with Andy.  And I thought of him when I bought the new bedding..  I thought of him as I lay in it this past couple of weeks.. I thought of him when I would roll over in the darkness and reach for him and he has never lain beside me.  He stares at it.  I slowly slide my hands down his arms, and he shivers when I grab his t-shirt and pull it off over his head.  He doesn't argue, he raises his hands and he is naked waist up.  I step in close to him, pushing my hands up onto his chest, my palms finding and petting his nipples.  Something I should have done that day in the rain.  His hands cover mine and his head falls back onto my shoulder, his ass rubbing deliberately against me.  Reaching down I snapped open his jeans, the damp denim giving way to my hands.  He stretched and stepped out of them, his boxer briefs were black and sexy as hell.  I've never made love to a man before.  But, I understand the technical aspects and the rest is really no different.
I am just touching him and he is coming apart.  "Are you surprised, Andy?" I whisper pushing him towards the bed.
"Yes." He says softly, and he gasps when I don't turn him to face me.
"Just climb up and lay down on your belly. I want to just touch you for awhile. Talk to you. I should have," I followed him up on the bed, urging him to lie down and straddled his legs, my hands on his ribs I leaned down over him, "I should have done this before.  Just put you on my bed and talked to you."
"Jude, I..." I nipped his shoulder, sucking lightly.
"Shhh, you'll get your turn, love." God, I was still furious.  I stared down at the pink bite mark, and felt excited.  I hooked my fingers under the wide band of his underwear, "But first, lets get rid of," I reached under him and angled the fabric over his throbbing dick, gripping him in one hand while shoving the fabric down to his thighs with the other, "these...god, you know how hot I find your cock? I never thought I would get turned on by the sight of another guys dick.  Then I saw yours, soapy and slick and I swear to god I boned up so hard I couldn't breathe." He thrust his member into my hand pinning my fingers to the bed, and I smiled flexing my hand and he groaned rotating his hips.
Sliding free of him, he shivered and I pulled his shorts off completely, pausing to remove his socks, he was stark naked and flat on my bed, his completely exposed to me.  I stepped over to the dresser and when he started to rise, "Lie still,." I ordered softly, and took the KY and condoms from the drawer.  My teeth clenched, I didn't want to use the condom.  But, I really don't have any options.  He shivers and starts to roll over, "I don't want you to move, Andy." I say firmly and he flinches.
"Jude, you are scaring me." He says softly.
"I know, and I am sorry." I exhale and sit down beside him. "I just can't do anything yet. I am thinking.  Please just try to relax." I ran my hand down his back, to his ass, and I smiled. God, I want his ass.  No, seriously, I have to get inside of him.  That day that I realized I was divorcing a free loader and my real mate was Andy, I really thought of him as mine.  He took her place in my mind.  That thought has not gone away at all. When he took off, I was furious.  I am a jealous man, and my `wife' left me.  And the most hysterical thing? I wasn't jealous with Kelly.  I was mad she cheated on me, but I didn't have a single masculine moment of sexual fury.  But, now... looking at his sweet tight ass...I leaned over and slid my leg over him.
Straddling him again I stretched forward, spreading my hands I cup them under him, holding my body against him, my dick pressing almost between his ass cheeks, "Andy.  Have you ever let anyone else fuck you?" I know the answer even before he says the words, his shoulders flex imperceptibly.  Leaning up I smile and listen to his tirade.
"Dammit Jude! You don't have the right to ask me that kind of question." He tried to roll over and being immobilized added to his fury. "I didn't want to think of you! I should have then maybe I could have gotten over this crazy infatuation-fucking obsession I have for you!" My hand stung when I slapped his ass and he yelled.  The vivid pink imprint of my palm was fascinating.
"Good. Have you ever fucked anyone else?"  I continued and he wiggled under me, I slid back and then forward again, my big dick rubbing cloth covered along his crack.  Oh god, have I ever been this way with any other lover? The answer is no.  Andy brings out the nasty, raw dominant side of me.  When he didn't answer I slapped his pink ass cheek again and he gasped.  It wasn't real pain, and we both knew it.
He was panting softly. "No... Jude, Jude...you won't really hurt me, will you?" There was real anxiety in his voice god damn it. His trust was too fragile.
"Do I love you, Andy?" I asked him, leaning down. "I quit the Navy for you, love.  I made this room for you.  This is your bed.  You came home to me. Do I love you Andy?"
I didn't want to turn him over, but he needed it.  I just like lying this way on top of him.  Still, we had some things to get through before he was going to be letting me inside his body.  I slid my arm under him and he rolled into me as I climbed off the bed.  He sat up and his arms went around my waist.  His thigh went between mine and his hands dug under my shirt finding my bare skin he pressed his face against my hard stomach. He rubbed his lips against my skin as he spoke.
"Do you?" He whispered roughly, and he looked up at me his fingers distracted by the hair on my chest. I watched as his fascination detoured his thoughts and he slid his fingers through the soft hair as it trailed down below my navel to my pants.  He didn't hesitate.  The snap and zipper dispensed with Andy opened my pants and tugged the fabric of my briefs away from my raging cock.  I sucked in a hard breath as he revealed my heavy erection.  The weight of my cock pulls it down, even fully hard. He was forced to fist his slender hand at the base to keep it upright for his exploration. I smiled, grinned really.  His lips were parted and wet. His expression was rapture.  I have a fine cock, but no one has ever looked at it with such hunger before.
I jerked when he drew back the foreskin exposing the ruby red glans, swollen and wet with excitement, the wash of his breath was almost unbearable. I tensed trying to control the urge to push him.  He moved, and I exhaled as his lips parted and he touched the deep slit with his pink tongue.  A tender caress, soft and slow.  He was rewarded with a rush of pre-cum and his moan of delight had me shaking.  Andy wasn't licking my cock for me, oh no, it was better because he was doing it for himself.  His blond hair fell into his eyes and I reached down to push it out of the way, tangling my fingers in the silky strands.  He looked up at me and I smiled and nodded my approval.  The fist around my shaft pulled back and my cockhead slid into his mouth.  He didn't take it in he slid it in.  Perfectly.  His tongue slicked around inside his mouth, cupping and teasing the head as he slid it smoothly towards his throat. I gasped when he swallowed and half my big dick slid into his throat. Oh fuck! I clutched his head and pulled back, his moan of disappointment echoed in my own groan.  I underestimated his skill apparently.  "Jesus, Andy!" I gritted, "Slow down."  He frowned up at me and nodded.
Feeling a little guilty for chastising him, I stroked his cheek with my fingers and urged him to continue, gritting my teeth against the pleasure.  Instead of sucking me back into his mouth he slicked his tongue down the shaft and pushed me back and slid to the floor in front of me.  His hands swept away my pants and I stepped out of them with his help.  Instantly he returned to his worship of my cock.  I could fucking cum just looking at him kneeling in front of me.
*                                *                                   *
~Andy
He didn't catch me the way I had imagined but he had me nonetheless.  He wasn't letting go this time and I loved it.  Every second of it.  The sexual intimacy between us exploded.  Everything I knew about Jude changed.  I saw him with new eyes.  Every incredible inch of him.  I drank him in.  Every sense was attuned to him.  I inhaled him as I knelt on the wooden floor beside his big bed.  Above me, his big hand cupping the back of my head stood the man whom I had vigorously avoided scrutinizing over the past year.  Objectively I have always known Jude was attractive.  Yet, I never really allowed myself to look.  And certainly not look and catalogue as I was doing now. Or was it that I just didn't acknowledge what I saw?
Jude's smile is languid and sensual.  The wicked half lidded look in his eye combined with that smile and his shadowed jaw give him a dangerous air.  His broad chest is taut but not sharply defined. His power comes from work, not from weights and he is well formed and muscular.  The hair on his chest is thicker in the center where it narrows to his ribs, thinning til it reaches his navel and then thickens again in a trail to his groin.  The dense patch of dark pubic hair doesn't cover his balls as thickly as I would have thought.  They hang low and heavy, too big to take both in my mouth I can tell.  His thighs are sleek and match his chest.  His weight is evenly distributed, and he has a perfect butt, the twin globes just rounded enough to fit his khaki's sinfully.  Looking up at him I take a chance, wondering if a formerly straight man like Jude would allow me to handle his perfect ass.
Cupping his butt in my hands I squeezed and leaned forward, rubbing my face in the hair around his cock. Licking and sucking the musky fur I soaked it with my saliva, just rubbing his ass and letting his cock bounce against my cheek and ear.  His fingers clutched my hair but he didn't protest.  Not even when I let my hands dip low and spread his ass cheeks for a second before gripping him firmly and leaning back to look up at him. He was grinning indulgently, just letting me do what I wanted.  But I could see he was allowing me only a short leash.  I bumped the base of his cock with my nose and inhaled, licking the velvet skin delicately.
"Having fun, baby?" He asked softly.  His thumb touched my chin and he pushed my head back.  He didn't exactly wait for my answer, his thumb pressed and he opened my mouth.  "Suck it." He whispered and he held his fat cock, the skin pulled back against my lips.  Oh god.  Yes.  Of course neither of us waited for me to answer.  It came when my lips, still wet with playing around his cock, slid over the head and took him further into my mouth. I sucked, just teasing around the slit with my tongue.  I rocked, left and right, moaning softly around the throbbing invader and he pushed his hand painfully tight on my scalp.  Oh yeah.  I could feel the pulse of his heartbeat in the veins that fed his engorged member.
Control wasn't something he was going to give me however.  His hands kept me from increasing the pace and from taking him into my throat.  He liked watching me and was making me linger.  His short thrusts pushed into my throat just a little, which was harder than if I controlled the depth. Saliva dripped down my chin, mixed with the honey of his pre-cum and I rocked back and forth with his thrusts.  He groaned, "Oh fuck, Andy.." He pulled out and his wet cock painted my cheek. "Stand up."   He held me apart from him, his hands around my wrists, not manacled, just lightly. But I stood still anyway.  He had something to say, it was in his eyes and the way they flicked over me.
Oh, I was afraid.  Afraid that he would suddenly come to his senses and wonder what the hell he was doing.  Afraid that I would do something wrong, something he didn't like and he would lose interest.  I want him. I want him any way he wants.  There is nothing I would deny him, but I can't help but want it all.  I closed my eyes against the fear and waited.
"Andy." He said forcefully, and I exhaled and looked up, "You made a promise to me." He said, and I realized he was still angry.  I closed my eyes and shook my head.  Yeah, I know I did, Jude.  "You promised to be open with me." He repeated it anyway. "Fuck, look at me." His fingers spread over my cheek and I felt the sting of tears in my eyes.
"I want to keep that promise, Jude." I said hoarsely. I couldn't meet his gaze, so I just kissed his fingers, bringing my hand up to his I held them against my lips and tasted his rough skin.  He made a rough sound and pushed my hand away angrily and cupped my head forcing my face up. He moved closer. His body bumping into mine, he crowded me. His big dick was pinned against my stomach and his left leg was outside of mine.
Slowly I opened my eyes and stared at his dark ones, and he smiled.  "There." He said.  "Any time you try to shut me out, I am going to be there until you let me in." Then he kissed me, softly.  His mouth touched mine in contrast to the fierce hold he had on me.  His lips pulled on mine, tugged until I opened to him and his tongue licked over my teeth and met mine.  He pushed gently and I sat on the edge of the bed startled.  But he didn't break the kiss, he just kept kissing until I realized he was too low to hold my mouth, he pushed me back and his hands went to my knees.
If I wasn't sure before how far he was going to go, he convinced me now.  He tugged and spread my legs on the edge of the bed.  My dick was raging hard against my thigh, and he didn't hesitate to put his hands on it.  His hands were hot, and he simultaneously cupped my balls, squeezing gently and fisted the shaft of my uncut cock.  I jerked when his mouth found the base, between his hands he licked and nibbled.
"I am not like them, Andy." He said softly and his tongue came out to join his fingers, stroking the soft purse of skin just before he sucked one of my testicles into his mouth.  I started shaking.  This was more than anyone had ever done for me before and Jude has an agile tongue.  He sucked and licked, soaking me with his mouth.  His hand stroked my cock and his fingers teased the head, just dancing over the sleek spongy glans while his tongue found the tender skin below my scrotum.
The width of his shoulders pushed on my legs and he maneuvered my legs over his shoulders as he nipped and chewed the just above the opening of my body.  Lifting my legs as he kept up a rhythmic stroke on my cock he opened me to his mouth.  Exposed as I was it was still a shock when I felt his tongue on the tight pucker and he groaned into me, the sound hungry and needy. Oh god.  If I doubted he wanted me, needed me, or understood what he was getting into he dispelled it.  He was licking and sucking on my ass and the shock of it had me panting and moaning.
I reached down and grabbed my knees, forgetting to be embarrassed and nervous and throwing myself into the pleasure of what he was giving me.  He wet me with his spit and found me pretty quickly with his first finger.  When he pressed and slid inside I was fine for a few seconds and then startled by the brief lance of discomfort.  Anxiety rippled through me but he just moved steadily, "Relax." He said against me, and the vibration shot pleasure straight to my cock and I thrust instinctively into his hand.  He was going to say that a few more times over the next hour.  I fell back on the bed and just abandoned myself to his finger fucking.  It was so incredible, I had a hard time letting go and just feeling. It made me anxious and then, he started to lick my cockhead and then suck me.  Just the head, but between his fist around my shaft, his finger thrusting inside of me, I forgot to be nervous and started to rise towards my orgasm.  Which, of course he stopped just short of.
His fingers left my butt and he put his hands on my hips, leaning over me he kissed me softly, "Climb up and turn over on your stomach." He said with a smile.  Oh god, that smile is Jude at his wicked best.  He reaches over to the table and picks up the lube as I sprawled on the bed on my stomach watching him warily over my shoulder.
*                           *                               *
~Jude
I opened the lube and soaked my fingers sliding back I nudged his thighs apart and he began to lift his hips as my fingers found his tender opening.
He gasped as I penetrated him with two fingers, flinching.  "Oh wow, that hurts." That was real surprise in his voice. I pressed, my cock was dripping pre-cum, and I could almost shoot just watching my fingers enter him.  My baby.  My virgin.  Fuck!  I twisted my fist, and pressed and he groaned pushing back and my fingers sank deep to the knuckle.  "Oh Jude...please..."
"Like that, baby? God, look at you, so tight around my fingers...that evening, when I pushed my finger into your ass outside, I could feel you around my dick.  I knew what it was going to be like...I came just feeling the hot velvet of your ass." I leaned down, licking the skin just above my penetrating fingers and he jerked.  I fucked him with my two fingers slowly, licking the tender skin and reached under him, finding the soft skin of his scrotum, I pulled gently and he bucked.
"I'll cum!" He almost screamed, "Oh god, Jude, please fuck me..."He groaned, panting as I slid my fingers in and out of him rhythmically.
I laughed gently, "I'll hurt you if I fuck you now, Andy." I found him with a third finger and he arched sharply when I penetrated him, his body protesting. "See, you can barely take three fingers, still." I thrust firmly and he sobbed.  Yeah, hurting him was satisfying, but not pleasurable.  He responded however, sucking in a deep breath he flexed his ass and worked at relaxing around my fingers.  He moaned when I drew back and then thrust in deep.  The pain kept him from cuming and he began to fuck himself on my fingers panting my name. "God, that's it baby, you like that?"
"Yes, yes...oh Jude..." He looked back over his shoulder, bracing his palms on the bed, "I want to suck your cock, Jude." He said roughly, arching as I pressed deep and hard at his words. I ignored him. I didn't have a choice.  If he got his mouth on my cock again, I'd cum in a heartbeat.
"Not now." I say softly.  He moans and goes up on his arms, his legs are shaking trying to keep his hips up.  Reaching above him I fist my hand into a round decorative pillow.  He looks back as I put it under his hips and return my fingers to their penetrating caress.  His lips form an O, as he gasps and takes three spread fingers.  Slicking my dick with my other hand I push him down, resting his hips on the support and I lean over him, "I love you, do you understand?"
"Yes." He groans and I fit the head of my dick next to my fingers drawing them almost all the way out I replace them with my cock.  I am shaking here, on the edge of being inhuman. I want so badly just to fuck the hell out of him and lose myself in his body. He is right there, underneath me and I am shivering with need.   He shudders and I push past the ring, a jerking painful thrust.  "OH, ah, Jude?" That is a fearful exhalation.  But he doesn't fight me.  He waits, I wait. Sweat drips from my cheek onto his back, and flexing my legs he groans as I sink deeper.  I feel this visceral sense of rightness overtake me as he relaxes and I slide deeper.  Farther into Andy.  Something happens inside me, my tears fall, and I lean over him, pressing my mouth against his skin, I slip my hand under his shoulder and I hold him against me, he whispers my name and pushes back.
His gasp stills me, and I cupped my hands around his hips, the bones not delicate, but finely made still.  He is slender, small and god knows I don't want to hurt him.  The tight fist of his hole is dragging me towards a different kind of fury and as I sink into him he moans half pain, half pleasure.  Drawing back an inch, then two I watch as my dark shaft slides free of his stretched opening.  The image is raw, but the feeling is more than that.  I want to fuck him, slam into him but I don't need to. He is mine.  I thrust and inexorably invade his tight butt with my fat cock and he whimpers pushing back until he feels the brush of my pubes on his butt.  We both exhale slowly.
Andy's arms are trembling, "Oh god Jude?" he whispers anxiously.
Hopefully this will get easier, because I know I can't help but hurt him this time. Rotating my hips I hold him still when he would pull away, "I know it hurts," I reply and he moans, "I'll stay right here for a bit." I promise.  He relaxed on a sigh, leaning forward and resting his cheek on the bed.  The image is so fucking hot, my lover pinned to the bed and impaled on my cock.
Seconds tick by and suddenly he whimpers, his insides shiver and release and he relaxes just before pushing back, "Please." He moans, "Fuck me, Jude."
"That's all I needed to hear, baby." I grin and begin the dance.  His hips have a print of my fingers and I rub his sides as I pull back to the head and then surely stroke back in. God, the fucking tight fist of him is almost painful.  Each stroke seems to imbed me further into his butt, and soon there is the sound of skin slapping against skin punctuated by his gasps.
"Oh, oh, fuck..." He pants, but he is definitely thrusting back against me, "Harder..." he whispers and I lose it.
Spreading my knees I widen my presence between his legs and lift him onto my marauding cock, his gasp is music and I pound against his ass with a ferocity that scares me.  His entire body jerks on each thrust, and the slick sounds are vulgar and so incredibly erotic I actually feel like laughing.  But the lash of pleasure steals my voice and I just groan, because too soon my orgasm looms and I am seconds away from flooding his insides with my juice.
"Beloved." The word comes from my lips hoarsely, and he arches his back and gasps and I am buried to the hilt.  What I thought would be raw; almost dirty is the most beautiful thing I have ever experienced.  Mine.
*        *                   *
~Andy
He didn't give me time to second-guess.  No time to question the future.  And maybe that is why I don't.  Beloved.  He called me that.  Intensely, richly, harshly the word was wrenched from him.  How?  Lying in the darkness, I am curled against him; his hand is locked like a vice around my wrist where it lays on his stomach.  His other arm is beneath me, and this isn't exactly comfortable.  But it feels fantastic.
He is sound asleep, his breathing deep and even.  I, on the other hand, am wide-awake and more than a little uncomfortable.  My body is aching, and wet.  Sticky.  And he smells incredible.  My cheek is next to his underarm, and the warmth from him, the scent of his sweat isn't anything short of the most erotic sensual smell I have ever craved.  HE smells good.  Not sour, not acrid, just musky, warm and earthy.  And maybe a little salty, like the sea.
Oh, my stomach feels a little weird.  Discomfort, I think I need to use the bathroom.  So, I slowly rise, gasping a little at the aches that appear.  The bathroom is beautiful, the claw foot tub is large and inviting, but then so is the tiled shower.  But, my discomfort is more basic.  My body rids itself of the evidence of our loving and I decide I need to shower.  My stomach still feels a bit weird which I suppose is normal.  I didn't bleed which is a relief.  Leaning on the wall in the shower, I close my eyes not really startled when the door opens and he steps in side and pulls me into his arms.  I turn, pressing my face against him.  I can't talk.
He seems to understand, and he holds me, rubbing my back and my shoulders. The water stays hot for a very long time, and soon he has his warm soapy hands all over me as he efficiently washes himself and then me. Finally he tugs me out of the shower and wraps me in a too small towel.  His scowl makes me smile.  He must have not put clean towels in the bathroom.  But his concern is evident as he carries me from the bathroom and lays me down.
"I am okay, just tired." I whisper and he shakes his head and kisses me, a soft penetrating kiss.
"I love you, so don't lie to me."
"My stomach is a little..." But I rub my face against his, and smile. It really doesn't matter.
"Okay." He smiles, "That is better." He pulls me against him, my back to his front and I relax.  It is the most perfect comfort I have ever known.
He turns my face towards him and looking down at me I see pain in his expression, "Tell me the running is over." He demanded softly, and I nodded at him brought my hand up and put it over his where he held my face.  "I've never felt this way about anyone.  I am possessive, demanding, and fuck, I am so hungry for you...and jealous.  God, I wanted to fucking kill that Scott guy when I found him after you left.  Tell me you understand what this is between us?"
"I hope...I just, no...I don't. Tell me what it is..." I think he is naturally dominant.  He always has been, but some kind of artificial social restraint has forced him to retrain that need.  Is it just easier for him to dominate me? Is it because I am submissive and not as socially constrained as a woman might be?
"I am your husband."
Whatever I was rolling around in my head, that wasn't it.  Maybe it was, but that wasn't how I would say it.  I flushed and rolled onto my back, "Jude..."
"You are mine, and maybe wife isn't the right word. Well, no obviously it isn't. You aren't a substitute woman.  I don't see it that way.  But, you are mine.  My spouse.  So, I guess we are both husbands, but...damn, no. I am your husband and you are my mate." He smiled and relaxed, having worked this out in his head.
Of course, I was speechless. Part of me wanted to laugh and the other part of me was thrilled and afraid.  I guess I sort of expected to get proposed to if I was going to get married.  Wait.  Wedding?  "Um."
"Don't get all hung up on the details," he told me with a grin.

---

Home to Jude (Chapter 2)

Home to Jude
Disclaimer!
This fictional tale is intended for readers over the age of 18.  Sigh.
Okay, I can't help it Jude has to be heard.  He stomps around if he isn't.  Trust me.
I am at a place where I have to write the middle of the story now.  So, I suspect for a couple of weeks I might manage 1 or two updates a week at best.  I am very excited about the feedback I have gotten and it worked as I had hoped.  I am excited to finish the story!
Thank you all,
~Evago
evagoxrush@gmail.com
<mailto:
evagoxrush@gmail.com
>
Chapter 3 Jude
I hope that one day you'll come to realize,
How perfect you are when seen through my eyes.
- Ashley Borden -
I was already in college when Aunt Ellen, Mom, brought Jude home.  I was about to graduate from the Academy and be deployed and I went home for Christmas.  He had only been out of the hospital eight weeks then.  He was fragile.  He had the room we transformed into the boys room back then.  He was a tiny little thing then, and hardly spoke to me.  He weighed nothing and still couldn't maneuver his wheelchair he was so weak.  Loud noises made him jump, and he slept with his lights on.  I remember the huge incisions on his thigh, and his stomach.  I remember helping him in the bathroom and he kept his eyes anywhere but on me.
He went inside of himself, so afraid of me I was awestruck by the way he held himself so still.  I remember kissing his cheek and telling him, "Hey Andy, we are family now kiddo, Troy and you are my little brothers.  Big brothers always look out for little brothers." And his arms went around my neck as I lifted him out of the tub.  He was thirteen but looked eight.  Troy was seventeen and had been in the house for a year.  He was a little shit, but he treated Andy great so I put up with his smoking and skipping school.
Andy never got into trouble.  He missed almost a year of school but still managed to graduate from High School on time.  As he got older I thought I would get uncomfortable about his sexuality.  But, my best friend Matt came home for the summer one year and announced, "It would be weird if Andy wasn't gay, it's like it is just right somehow." He shrugged it off.  If Matt, the all American jock, wasn't disturbed by it, I sure as hell wasn't.  Andy is really gay.  He giggles, and squeals.  He "tsks," at the boys, and while he isn't flamboyant, he is effeminate.  His clothes are always neat and clean, and he irons his t-shirts.  The way they cling to his lightly muscled chest is ... well fuck, it looks good on him.
Yeah, I have had my share of male sexual encounters. I am in the fucking Navy.  I know exactly what he is talking about, gay guys and blowjobs.  Cocksucker.  I've used the word and it shames me now.  I like to think that the few guys who have expressed an interest and the fewer still, like two, who have sucked my cock, wanted it and weren't emotionally attached to me.  Maybe I like to think it was good for them because for me it was hot and satisfying.  The two best blowjobs I have ever had and they weren't earth shattering.  In Manila I even watched as a friend and fellow sailor fucked one another when we were wasted in a brothel.  They did it on a dare, but they were into it.  I was into it.  Because I was married it was the closest thing to sex I got that week.
I want to say last night happened because I haven't had sex in months.  I want to write it off as stress induced.  But, I keep seeing his face, when he told me he was going to cum.  The shock, the need stamped there, the emotion, and I fucking get hard.  I wanted to see him cum for me.  For me.  I wanted to see him let go of that one last bit of resistance to me and lose his mind for me.  And when I pushed my finger inside of him, and his eyes flared open so wide in shock and his voice erupted, and he screamed into me, I was fucking so aroused it pushed me over the edge.  I have never cum fully clothed and without a hand or a mouth or a pussy wrapped around my dick for a long stroking time.  I came so hard my dick hurt two hours later it was throbbing, as I lay in bed unable to sleep.
That orgasm has been building for days, but my affection for Andy has been building for years.  It was two days ago that it struck me, with savage masculine satisfaction, that he was mine in some very critical ways.  He took care of me Friday morning.  When I got out of bed, and he saw me naked and bolted from the room, I nearly chased him down.  It was instinct.  And then I looked around.
The house was clean.  There were fresh towels in the cupboard and food for the boys.  He'd mopped the bathroom and scrubbed the changing table and taken out the trash.  It looked like any other morning before Kelly left.  Except, there was no Kelly.  She had confessed everything to me over the phone in a rage, and as morning came I saw my home in an entirely new light.  I saw my sons, whom I adore. I saw the emptiness of Mom's room.  I saw the evidence of Andy's strength everywhere I looked.  He had neatly laid the mail on my desk, cleaned up the dishes, taken out the trash.  I sat down to pay the bills and make some phone calls and the receipt from the cleaners stared up at me.  He can't drive, so he was having the laundry delivered.
Where the hell was Kelly? He was doing the dishes at night. I knew that.  But everything else? He even brought home some groceries on his bike.  He never said a word.  Kelly never said a word.  There was a grocery list on the refrigerator, and it had his handwriting on it.  Just his. Always his.  When had it gone from Mom to Andy?  And the boys, when he was putting Ethan down for bed the other night, my son had been completely natural in his arms.  He had deftly changed him and clothed him for bed.  And there was no doubt it was faster and more efficiently than I was able to do.  In my minds eye I saw him doing this many times, as he had been since before they could walk!
Andy had been my wife's stand in.  He was my son's nanny, my houseboy, and Mom's caregiver.  I was staring at my neatly folded underwear and realizing it was Andy who put them in the drawer, and my dick got hard.  Bam, just like that.  I closed my eyes and saw him naked, yelling in the bathroom, soap running down his back over his tight round little bare ass.  I had really looked at him.  His butt was pale, his cock was pink and long, the head narrow and it looked too big for his body.  I wanted to touch him, to lift his dick up and cup his soft balls in my hand and feel what he felt like.  He didn't have any body hair to speak of.  The hair under his arm was fine.  He was blond all over; even his pubic hair was light.  And there wasn't any chest hair or hair on his ass, and almost no hair on his thighs.  He was sleek and soft looking.  My fingers itched to touch his ass.
Apparently, I wasn't the only one to notice his dick, however.  Here I am two days after my wife leaves and my mother dies, and my best friend and I are drinking beer in the dining room talking about my foster cousin's big ass dick.
"I was staring at it because ...hell, he has a big dick!" Matt blushed. "It was like, OUT TO HERE!" He gestured. We laughed. "I mean fuck, what does a gay guy need with a dick that...don't answer that. Fuck," He drank from his beer.
"He didn't seem to notice he was naked til you mentioned it. He was madder than I have ever seen him." I smiled, it made me feel good, Andy was mad for me, "and I wanted to shake him for being so I dunno, afraid of me."
"You scared the hell out of him! What are you talking about? He ran out of there laving a trail of water all the way up the stairs. I mean the poor kid, he must have been miserable in high school gym if his dick gets hard around any old guys." We both laughed and then looked at each other.
"It wasn't hard around just any guys, it was us."
"You." Matt replied. "You, it was hard when I came up the stairs.  Cut glass hard."
"Shut up!" I laughed, " He has never, I have never... that was just a..." Matt wasn't buying it and neither was I.  It was a totally out of the blue incident, but who were we kidding.  Andy has always kept his eyes studiously OFF of me.  He avoided my touch, never sat beside me on the sofa.  Was never naked around me or around me when I was partially clothed.  "He does everything around here." I said instead, rather grimly, "He does all the housework, the laundry, the mail, the. ...What the hell was she doing? Fucking other men while Andy was being my wife?"
"Shit, don't be pissed at him, Jude!  He was doing what Mom taught him to do.  I bet he doesn't even know..."
"I know! I know that!"
The back door rattled and we got quiet, until Matt started snickering as we both felt like we were gossiping about a girl.  Jesus, my face was red and Matt was flustered too.  Then we could hear Andy's side of a conversation.  My stomach knotted.  Andy came into view...and he blanched and reached for the door, shutting it.  But the dining room door is thin, and the pass through to the kitchen is just four feet from it.  So, we heard every word after he closed the door anyway.  His boyfriend was pissed because Andy wasn't coming over to fuck or something.  It made me furious.
Matt reached out to stop me but I opened the door anyway, I had to, and when Andy looked up at me, his phone in his shaking hand, his face devoid of color, such a look of utter shame on his face, I was frozen.  He told me he was going to be sick and with horrible realization I watched as he ran to the bathroom.  That expression, I knew it.  It was humiliation.  Hurt.  Scott had used him, just like that prick Paul in high school.
But when Andy said it aloud, I saw him kneeling in front of that prick, and taking the other mans dick in his pretty mouth and I was profoundly jealous.  When Matt said he deserved better, I wanted to say, "Yeah! If you want a cock to suck, you can suck mine, because I will fucking kill anyone else..." The doorbell rang, and I over tipped the pizza guy.  Andy didn't come back into the kitchen.
Matt and I didn't talk about him again.  I could see it on Matt's face.  He saw what was changing and he didn't try to analyze it or judge it.  It was a damn good thing I had decided to get out of the Navy.  Had I ever loved Kelly? Yes. But there was no doubt in my mind that I should never have married her.  Pregnant or not.  She didn't want my boys, and even now, she was happy that I had agreed to settle with her, taking the children and giving her our considerable savings.  My attorney had been horrified, but had quickly drawn up a temporary custody agreement and asset statement.  She had signed it that afternoon.
The family had been distraught when she didn't appear for the funeral.  But, I had been oblivious.  Because all I could think of was Andy.  The blush on his cheeks, the way he bit his lower lip when he looked at me now.  His tight t-shirt and the hard points of his nipples in the cool air.  I wanted to touch him, to lift his shirt and stroke them with my tongue.  I was beyond questioning the future of what I was feeling.  I love him. He is family, and he belongs in my bed.
But, don't think that that doesn't shock the hell out of me.  I know exactly what I am thinking when I think of sex with Andy.  It isn't just a quick blowjob either.  I want to spread his legs, look in his eyes and fuck him balls deep right up his ass until he can barely walk.  Til he forgets every other cock he has ever taken, and can only see me.
I am hard when he speaks at Mom's funeral and I wonder how mad at me she is right now.  I am going to fuck her precious boy and it is as nasty and as raw as I can imagine.  I want it so bad I am trying to figure out ways to get everyone out of the house.  But, since I can't, I finally surrender to Jack Daniels and take cigarette from my other foster brother Mark and stand out in the damp night.  The Jack actually makes me begin to reason with myself.  This is a terrible idea.  You are just horny, you can't make use of Andy this way.  You'll hurt him.  Yeah, physically too. Shit, don't think about his tight ass. And then he comes outside and I respond as if I had spent the last forty minutes convincing myself to go after him instead of the opposite.
And now, hours after the best orgasm I can remember, I lay on my bed trying to work out how long I will have to wait for him.  How will I seduce him? He is going to fight it.  It scares him.  He is afraid if I don't want him, he will lose me.  If we do this, and it doesn't work out we can never go back.  It is too late.  It is far too late for those fears.  We won't be able to pretend it didn't already happen, the change in our relationship.
He manages to avoid being alone with me all day Monday, and disappears Tuesday morning as well.  Finally, I take the boys to day care and wait for him after school that afternoon.  He stops in the mudroom and automatically switches the laundry and adds more.  This kills me.  When he comes around the corner into the kitchen he has the mail in his hand and he looks up.  I am leaning against the counter by the sink.  He stiffens and looks around.
The house is quiet and it is filled with sunshine as it streams in bright on the clear breezy day.  He sways.  But, I hold on to the counter beside me. "Andy."
"Jude." He says and looks away and fingers the mail, "I got the mail."
"Don't." I say softly. Oh god, I want to grab him. Maybe I should. We'll see.
"Just, don't go there Jude. Please. It's okay." He starts to leave the room and I decide okay, I will grab him. I catch him around the waist and pull him up against my body and the sound he makes is a cry, a gasping cry filled with emotion, pleasure, pain and need.  His hands grasp my arm and the mail flutters to the floor, his ass is pressed solidly against my hard dick and I am slammed with the need that has been haunting me for days.
"Andy." I say again, gently, firmly, and I turn him, slowly, because my dick just wants to be there pressed against his soft butt, "We have to talk. Have to. This can't be ignored and we are going to go there.  So, for got sake, don't push me away. I can't handle it.  I'll chase you down."
~Andy
I knew when I walked in the house the boys weren't home. But in my minds eye I thought I saw Jude's truck.  When I see him standing in the kitchen, in only the natural light from the window I am struck by how incredible he looks.  OH shit.
No, we can't talk about this.  Uh oh.  I try, to say something meaningless and just leave the room. If I can get upstairs and disappear the moment will pass,. They will happen less and less, I have convinced myself, and we can ignore them.
But he moves so fast, had me, in a heartbeat and there is no mistaking the hard press of him against my ass.  He isn't trying to hide it, to forget it.  He is here to talk.
"Andy." He says my name into my ear, strong and sure. "We have to talk." My head starts to spin, as he turns me, his dick stroking over my ass, my hip, "Have to. This can't be ignored." He keeps one arm behind my back and the other slides around my neck, cupping my head and tilting my face up to his, "So, for god sake, " he growls, my god, what is that expression? "Don't push me away. I can't handle it. I'll chase you down." It is need.  He wants me.
"What are you doing?" I gasp. "Oh god, Jude." And he kisses me.  What? I thought we were going to talk?
Maybe that wasn't what he meant to do either.  But suddenly my back meets the doorway to the living room and my front is pressed solidly against the wall that is Jude, and his mouth his touching mine softly, just brushing over my lips tasting me.
I don't think any of the guys I have been with have been so preoccupied with my mouth against theirs.  Jude kisses me like it is an act of sex.  The way kissing should be a part of sex.  He is involved with my mouth, tasting, licking and biting.  He explores my teeth with his tongue, dances with my tongue, sucks on my lips and tongue.  It is wet, and hard, and soft and ...he tastes fantastic.  Inside of fifteen seconds I have forgotten why this is a bad idea and wrapped myself around him and returning those mind numbing kisses for all I am worth. I love the feel of his mouth, and his tongue is an instrument of sexual torture that I work desperately to capture.  His lower lip is slightly fuller than his upper lip and it feels good between mine, just like he takes mine between his.  The hair on his face scrapes me, but when his mouth leaves mine to kiss my jaw, my throat and he pulls my shirt away returning to the mark he left on my I gasp out his name.  He is set on keeping me marked, and there is something I need to...
This is Jude.  We have to talk.
"Jude! Oh...fuck. Please, you said talk. We have to talk." I beg.  My legs are shaking and when he looks down at me I wonder if my lips are that red from his kisses.  I am sure they are. "I am a guy, Jude!" It sounds stupid, but maybe he subconsciously isn't really thinking about what he is doing.  I am handy.
"You think I could have missed this?" He smiles and I jerk as his hand closes rather firmly with unerring accuracy around my dick outside my jeans.  He presses for emphasis, "I have a pretty clear image of you naked in my head Andy."  He rubs his cheek against mine, "And yeah, I know how crazy this is.  But, I do know exactly what I am doing."
"Could you..." He cuts me off, brushing his mouth over mine, and hushes me.  The kiss starts up again, that expression on his face was languid, sexual, determined.  I am not that strong.  But, he isn't holding me that tightly, and I am rather astounded by his fierce interest.  He is going to fuck me, if I am not mistaken, and I have never ever been with anyone so willing to push that boundary.  Here he is, the straightest man I know, deciding, without so much as a by your leave, he is going to fuck me and that is that.  I don't think I have ever had a kiss taken without permission.  I twist suddenly and sharply, Jude doesn't know what the hell he is doing.  He staggers as I jump through the doorway into the living room, backing away. "No.'" I say firmly and he stares at me. Wow, male animal.
That is a male animal.  Not just a man. I shiver, fascinated, thrilled. Terrified.  "No?" He steps towards me and I back up.
"I am serious, Jude. No. You want to talk, we talk. But don't touch me."
He stiffens, but doesn't get angry. He just tightens his body as if restraining himself, and he nods.  "Sit down then?" He says huskily, looking past me into the living room.   I, wisely, do not turn around, instead I back into the room, choosing the chair not the sofa and he smiles at me amused.
He moves like a big cat, easily, light on his feet.  He sits on the sofa, leaning back unconcerned about the heavy push of his cock against his pants.  He is plainly aroused and it is the most mouthwatering thing I thing I have ever seen. I recall with blinding clarity the size of him. But, no details.  I long for the details and to know if I can take him all the way into my mouth.  He laughs suddenly and I look up at his face, my own flaming.  Shit!
"Or we could just get naked and you could answer those questions." He reads my mind, I swear to god.
"No! Shit, Jude..." I say angrily.  This is not fair. I AM gay, of course I think he is hot and I want his ...but no I don't. "This is a terrible thing for us to do!  Why is it happening?" He moves suddenly and I stiffen, but he just scoots closer and his hand touches my arm on the chair.
"Is it so terrible?" he says quietly, "Maybe not. Is it so frightening because you are afraid of what will happen later?"
"Yes! My god yes.  I can't just be a release valve for you, Jude." Even as I say it I feel guilty for thinking it.  Looking at my hands I put them together, pulling my arm away from him. I can't do this.  It feels great, and awful.
"I don't mean for you to think I am using you." He argues, "I hate it when that happens to you..."But he trails off hearing himself. Well, yeah, he is realizing that might be...
"Then don't do this.  You have a lot of shit to deal with, with Kelly.  It isn't right for us to-"
"Fuck right.  Why isn't it?" He says stubbornly, and he sounds so young.  God, if he could hear himself.
"What would Mom say?" I ask and finally I look at him and he definitely blushes and looks irritated.
"Well, yeah she'd be mad.  Chase me out of the house with a broom probably." He acknowledged with a frown.
"You have to stop touching me. I mean it when I say no." Oh my god, where did I get the courage and the self-awareness to say no to the sexiest man I have ever known.
He stared at me.  His eyes are on my face and then on my hands and all of me.  We watched each other, and there was sadness, despair and hurt there for both of us. I want to jump onto his lap.  But Commander Carlisle is out of my reach.  His eyes close for a moment and then nodding he stood and left the room.  I slumped in the chair covering my face.  We didn't talk.  And that tells me all I need to know. I need to get out of this house. I need to grow up. It is my fault this happened.  He is suffering in ways I can't begin to imagine.  He has children, is losing his wife. Yeah we both miss Mom, but Jude is taking care of everything.  I am nothing.
I finally leave the room, realizing I can hear his voice in the office. He is on the phone.  Resolutely I climb the stairs. I love him. Like, seriously, it changed, altered from being brotherly to being romantic. Turning that off while living in this house is impossible.  I grab a duffle bag.  I have a couple of thousand dollars in the bank.  I am out the door and in the cab inside of twenty minutes.
I sat in that cab for at least a minute before I could summon my voice around the lump in my throat. Before I could hear myself think past the screaming in my head.
Never thought I was such a coward.

---

Home to Jude (Chapter 3)

Home to Jude
Disclaimer!  Do not read this if it is not legal for you to do so!  This story, a work of fiction, is intended for readers 18 years old and older.  (And it is none of my business anyway if you read it.)
I do not have any personal experience with the military.  Everything I write comes from my own imagination and I make this stuff up as I go along. Hey, it is my fantasy; I can do what I want.  Yep, that's me, stubborn to a fault.  So, if you are offended by my creative license you have my pity.
I have written about 60 stories, and this is one that I keep going back to. I really like these characters for some reason and yet they are the least fantastic of my assortment.  Go figure.  ~Evago
evagoxrush@gmail.com
<mailto:
evagoxrush@gmail.com
>
Chapter 2  What am I saying?
~Andy
I decided after the immensely agonizing funeral, I needed to fill up my time with anything not in the house.  The funeral and reception afterwards had been filled with former foster children, their families, and friends of Jude from the Navy-how incredibly awkward that had been.  Thankfully by Saturday night the house had been full of `family' so the reality of Commander Carlisle living with his gay, not related, cousin wasn't obvious.  Nonetheless, I can say I deliberately avoided more than a cursory greeting with the elder general and the various other naval officers.  The house was still occupied with a handful of sleepovers, and I felt desperate to get out.  I left my older foster brothers in my room playing my x-box and was going down the back steps to my bike when I heard Jude's voice, "Hey, Andy?" He was outside, leaning against the house. Smoking? That made me laugh because he quit four years ago.  Only when he drank did he smoke.  He looked like a delinquent.  I spun around on the garden path.
"Hey." I replied.  He was in the shadow beside the porch, he stayed there and I walked over, stuffing my hands into my hoody.  "You alright, Jude?"
He grinned, "Yeah, had enough Jack Daniels to be alright and not too alright." Ah, a controlled drinker.  That's right.  Jude could drink and stay upright even when he seemed like should be shit faced.  Matt admired that about him.  "Where you going?" He had a smoke in one hand and the bottle in another.  Mom woulda kicked his ass.  I smiled at the image.
"Store. I thought I'd get some cereal and other...crap of no nutritional value." It started to rain lightly.  Just a mist really, the marine fog coming in and a wet cloud just landing on the town. The streets were quiet, it was late Sunday night and Beck's grocery was only open for another thirty minutes.
"Stay. Drink with me." He said, and held the bottle out to me.  Now, as a rule, I don't ever drink with sexy guys.  Not that it has helped me keep the fucking pricks out of my mouth, but I always thought it would be bad to get drunk around a guy I know I like and who either a) is straight b) doesn't want me c) is only going to use me.  But then, I almost never drink.  I found my hand closing around the neck of the glass bottle.  The cap was already gone and I was lifting it to my lips in a daze.
"Oh fuck. That-" I coughed, hissing a breath in, "is awful!" I said hoarsely. It stung my lips.  "Ouch!" Then a hand was around mine and Jude was lifting the bottle to my lips again.
"Just drink more." He reasoned and he kept his hand on mine and I drank more deeply this time.  The burn was like a caress from him. I was drinking because he was asking me to.  Oh god.  I am really gone.  I. ...Think Jude is my first real sexual obsession.  This isn't just a circumstantial attraction.  The sensation of falling in lust with him is like a freight train.  Pushing the bottle back into his hands I shake my head.
"I...let me breathe." I can't read that expression on his face.  Really, I am looking for any sense that he either knows I am starting to react to him as a man, or that he is thinking about me sexually.  Same thing you might say, but it isn't for me.  I see attractive men all of the time.  But, I don't react to every single one of them.  In fact, very very few of them get any kind of a fantasy response from me. I didn't have it with Scott. I liked him because he pursued me.  Matt, Jude's best friend is physically attractive. I don't think of him as a `man,' with that awareness that I would have sex with him if he wanted to.  Now, if he did, I might respond.  But, the men who I respond to without their interest in me are few and far far between.
I am lying to myself when I tell myself I never felt this way about Jude before.  But, I sure as hell have not allowed it to be conscious. However, I know exactly when I started to erode the wall I built around it.  It was the day I realized she had fucked someone else.  Last fall.
"You never did party much did you?" He asked suddenly as if he was trying to think of something to say. Oh shit, was I staring at him.  His weird little half smile didn't tell me a damn thing.
"I am only 19, I have time." I replied and realized I was actually starting to get damp. I moved in closer to the wall, under the eaves.  It was then that I realized we were near the dryer vent.  It wasn't particularly warm, but it was warmer.  "How do you think I met Scott?" Oh shit, did I want to go there?
"Heh.  Well, that doesn't say much for your parties, now does it?" He laughed. Well, that's a relief. He is a little drunk.  "He told you he was gay didn't he?" I guess not that drunk.
"Yep. You know the drill.  Guys aren't gay if all they do is receive oral sex or even fuck a gay guy." I reached for the bottle, "I have fallen for it a couple of times. But, this time it really hurt only cause...cause of Mom and stuff." I drank and coughed again, he took the bottle this time. "I just can't tell."
"If he shows up here, I am going to have to beat the shit out of him.  Hell, I might go looking for him." He said grimly, defending my honor.  Well that felt really good.
"That would be awesome.  But, we'll see. I am sure he will try again, they always do." I sighed, "I won't fall for it this time, I am not that hard up."
Jude grunted. "This time? Christ Andy, you're so young.  You let some guy use you and then you-"
"Hey! It happens to straight people too!  Some guy says he loves you, but all he wants is sex...then you realize he doesn't love you, but he still has some kind of power...and it takes a couple of tries to really break it off.  It sucks for your feelings of self worth, but everyone wants to be loved." I shivered.
"That is the kind of thing that happens to girls." He said. Well yeah, Jude, I thought.  In that way, I am the girl in the relationship. "And yeah, I am guilty of that, well not that bad.  But I had a girlfriend in high school; I knew I didn't love her.  But I stayed with her and told her I did.  Because if I broke up with her I wouldn't get laid for the weeks it would take to get another girlfriend."
"Jude, I am gay. I am supposed to be emotional about sex. And I guess that is my role," Oh shit, god, I cannot tell this stuff to Jude. "Oh shit, can we not have a discussion about my sex life."
Jude was laughing, "Yeah, it is not the best conversation to be having. But, I am not the one ...well okay, I am to blame too. But, I don't mind. It is strange though." He said and drank from the bottle. The swish of the liquid seemed loud.
"What is?"
"You suddenly seemed to get comfortable telling me about it since that infamous shower curtain incident." I wonder if he realized what was even funnier?  Or make that astounding, because he marked that moment in his life as the time he started to even think of me as having a sex life, rather than the moment he became sure his marriage was over.  I started laughing.
"That was so embarrassing." I took the bottle from him this time and his eyes widened as I drank deep. It doesn't sting anymore.
"Why embarrassing?" He took the bottle back and took a cap out of his pocket and capped it, setting it up on the porch over my head. His arm rose over me, his warm male scent, the one I am so familiar with.  How many times have I held his dirty clothes up to my chest as I carried them to the laundry room? Oh god, when did I start recognizing that I liked his smell?  Forever ago.
"Why? Um, I was naked." That wasn't it, but it sounded good.
"Nothing to be embarrassed about, far as I could tell." He grinned at me and his arm went around my neck and he squeezed me congenially. So, um, why didn't he let go? Why didn't I move?
"I wasn't thinking.  And the more I tried to not be hard, the harder I got. It had a mind of its own, and I was pretty freaked out about it." If I could take back the next words I just might, because that was the moment when we stepped off the dock and went right in over our heads, "It isn't like I go around thinking about you two watching me shower or anything. It was just, blam there you were..." Oh ugh. I shut up, snapping my mouth shut. I just told him I liked him seeing me naked.  Didn't I?
And he didn't miss it. "You sure? So, lemme ask you, Andy." He turned and his hands were on the wall beside my head, "How long have you thought my best friend is hot?"
I couldn't help it. I snorted.  I closed my eyes, his face was too close and it made me a little dizzy.  Problem, I got dizzier with my eyes closed, "He's attractive, yep." Woot! I managed a fabulous deflection.  I giggled. My eyes popped open when he didn't move, and then he did move, his hand went behind my neck and he held me there.
"And me?" He whispered roughly and he kissed me.  Not just a soft brush.  Not a question.  A kiss. His lips came over mine, parted and moist, and tasting. His tongue didn't hesitate when I opened to him on a gasp.  Jude had his tongue in my mouth, and he came up against me fully, his body pinning me to the wall.  He tasted of Jack Daniels, and maybe, distantly a little smoke, and sugar from the cobbler Mrs. Wellerson had made. But, mostly, he tasted like Jude.  His tongue was sure, and he played with my lower lip with this tongue, his teeth, his lips. It was a real kiss.  A, I want your mouth, and I want you to know I am here thinking of you--kiss.  I kissed him back but I didn't grab him.  I flattened my hands on the wall behind me, like I was clinging to gravity plating.  If I let go I would fly out and be plastered all over him and that would be a disaster not worth contemplating.  Slowly he pulled back and my eyes popped open and we stared at each other. Stop, oh god, stop, Jude! I screamed this in my head. Yeah, but I wasn't moving.
I had definitely responded.  But, and this is huge but, he knew that I was pretty freaked out by that kiss. His eyes narrowed a little, "I shouldn't do that." He asked almost. He said it, but there was a hint of a question there.  He was staring at me. The heat of his breath was on my lips and his nose was touching mine.
"I think...maybe not." I agreed. He nodded and... kissed me again, this time harder, his teeth stinging my lips and his other arm went around my lower back and he literally lifted me up against him.  This time it was more than his chest and his mouth, he fitted my agonizing arousal right up against his.  The palm of his hand was open on my ass.  On my ass. Not over my jeans. He had his hand under the waistband of my too loose pants and under my boxers.
This was bar none, the most erotic first kiss of my life. Had I ever been kissed before? He was involved with my mouth.  I felt ever centimeter of my lips with his.  The rough brush of his chin on mine was abrading me.  He had a days growth of hair on his face, and I felt it.  I shave maybe twice a week.  Not Jude. He shaves every day. But this was far more than a kiss; this was an all over assault.  His hand was kneading my ass.  I mean, hot strong fingers and the cup of his broad palm, it wasn't still. He was petting me.  His fingers slid down, and back up pulling gently parting me.  And if he pushed his hand down again he would be ...and he did.  His fingers were there, pressing in the damp secrets of my body, just brushing the tender skin but he was there, and I whimpered and he broke the kiss.
"Jude." I begged, shaking my head. Please don't do this. I thought.  He groaned and pressed his mouth against my ear.
"Andy...you want me to stop, don't you?" He licked my ear. Then he sucked gently on the soft skin below, and then lower and I realized as his teeth grazed my shoulder, he was giving me a hicky.  I shivered and his fingers squeezed and he was very nearly going to enter my body with them.
"Yes, Jude. Please stop..." I begged but my body wasn't stopping him, I was pushing against his fingers.  "Oh god...I am gonna cum." The words wrenched from me, and sounded like a sob of grief.
He jerked upright and his eyes were on mine, his fingers tightened and he lifted me, his finger entering my body with a sharp thrust and his cock slamming into mine in a deliberate jolting caress and I came, he took my scream in his mouth.  He groaned back into me and rocked his hips shuddering against mine.  I wasn't the only one flying apart.  He held me, impaled on his finger for a long shaking time.  His mouth softened and he kissed me gently, no tongue.  Just his lips teasing mine, apologizing.  Gently soothing.  But I was shaking.  Slowly, he released me. He slid his hand free of my pants and straightened, letting go of me entirely.  And I ducked under his arms and walked slowly in the house.
I tugged my sweatshirt down and ducked into the mudroom.  Down the hall the kitchen was quiet and Grandpa Ellis was snoring in the living room as I slipped past and made my way up three sets of stairs to my room.  The guys had gone to the guest room to bed.  The house was quiet.  I stripped off in the bathroom and washed. The man in the mirror who stared back at me was unfamiliar.  I had never seen this face before.  My lips were swollen, there was a red mark on my neck that my shirts were not going to cover and my eyes were burning with emotion and swimming in tears.
My semen drenched my pants. But, it wasn't only mine.  He came too, and I was wet from the outside as well.  I wished I could have tasted it.  I closed my eyes. What am I thinking!?
The answer was, I was not.  We can't go down this road.  Period.  Our lives are intertwined. If we fuck this up with a stupid sexual thing it is the rest of our lives we are fucking up.  If I lose him this way, I lose the only family I have.  I can't do that. I fell asleep crying. I wasn't just weeping softly, I was crying.  I missed Mom.  If Mom were here it would never have happened.  Ever.  The boundary that kept Jude from being in my sexual universe would have remained.
Liar.  It was getting thinner as years passed.
I fell asleep on that thought.

---

Home to Jude (Chapter 4)

Home to Jude
Disclaimer!
Do not read this if it is not legal for you to do so. This story is fiction-entirely-and not suited for readers under age 18.  This is a love story. However, there will be sex and it will be graphic but suited to the characters.
I do not pretend to have ever served in the military and actually the most understanding I have gained is living in a town next to (relatively speaking) a naval base.  All places in this story are fiction, and all characters are likewise the creation of the author.
In fact, I am not an expert in anything and am happy to make it up as I go along so don't expect reality to work the way my fantasy does.  Everything is a vehicle for the story and that might just be a vehicle for the sex...
evagoxrush@gmail.com
<mailto:
evagoxrush@gmail.com
>
~Evago
Chapter 1-Of my heart
The mother of my heart, not blood,
Bound up the wounds I did not see.
And I became the soul I would
For all that you have given me.
When they admitted her to the hospital I knew it was the last time.  Ellen was dieing and with her the only woman I would ever call mother.  She wasn't my mother.  But she might as well have been.  My biological father had nearly killed me when I was 13, and his wife, the woman I had called mom had stood by and done nothing.  He threw me out in a field, assuming I was dead, covered me with planks, and soil and a park worker had discovered me crawling across a swampy field in the early morning.  My leg was broken in two places, my jaw, my forearm and four ribs were also broken. My kidneys were bruised and I had surgery to repair a tear in my large intestine.
Both were in jail.  Dead to me.
But this woman the mother of my heart, why did she have to get cancer?  I am nineteen now, and I live at home with her and her sisters son, Jude and his wife, Kelly and two children.  I attend the community college nearby and work in a computer repair shop.  Mom's house is an old Victorian, with seven bedrooms and two kitchens.  Port Howard is a small town, and I came here when the state foster care sent me to her.  She had three other foster children at the time, but I was the only gay one.  I have never felt more welcome anywhere than I did that night when I cried in her arms.
Six years is a lifetime for me.  I didn't survive High School I enjoyed it.  I have been gay, flamboyantly so, since my arrival here.  You see she came to see me in the hospital, and by the time I came home with her I was proud of who I was.  I couldn't walk for almost a year.  Jude and Kelly came the year I turned sixteen, when Kelly had the twins.  In the 2 years since then, I had graduated from High School and Mom had gotten ill and Kelly... Cheated on Jude.
As we all sat in the conference room at the hospital I worked desperately not to hate her.  Hate her for betraying him.  He was in the military when I came to live with Mom, and he was like a son to her, his own parents not a part of his life.  Jude was the means by which Mom had gotten into taking in foster children.  His own mother was an addict and his father was some unknown drunk.  But Jude, he was a good man.  He just turned twenty-eight the same week his children turned two.  But, Kelly she had married the naval engineer because marrying navy is what her family did.  She'd been stationed with him at Warrant Island, and by all accounts had slept with any and every sailor when he had been deployed.
Jude is 6'1" tall.  Just three inches taller than I am, but we are nothing alike physically.  At 5'10" tall, I do not have an athletic bone in my body.  There are two reasons I am in relatively good shape.  One, I have something of a hyperactive nervous energy and metabolism-can eat anything.  And two, I can't drive for the life of me, and while PH is a small town it is hilly and spread out.  I ride my bike and walk everywhere.  I weigh 130lbs and Commander Jude Carlisle is easily 200 lbs.  I am lucky he has never been homophobic.  Seriously.
He could be the poster boy/man for the Navy.  He is ripped.  And it comes naturally to him.  He runs and works out some, but not religiously.  Oh no, Jude is naturally a big muscular guy.  His dark brown hair is thick and soft, with just a hint of curl as it grows.  Of course, he keeps it ruthlessly short.  But, I have seen it slightly past regulation.  His dark eyes are hard to read but luckily he has a ready smile and an easy grace that makes you think he is smaller than he is, because of his air of approachability.
We share a house, but live worlds apart.  One thing we share is our love for Mom.  Of course, I love his baby boys too.  But his wife, I feel sad for her.  Because here I am, praying Jude's best friend Chief Moore, Matt, will finally grow balls and tell Jude about Kelly.  He has the pictures, the proof.  He told me, sheepishly trying to get ME to help him.  But, fuck, I am a coward!  I know they fight, I know he thinks she hates him for getting her pregnant, but how do I tell him his wife is a two bit whore!?  And now, especially?
Oh god.  I can barely look at her and she is really trying to be kind right now.  I am willing to admit, she has been kind to me over the years, in her own selfish way.  She accepts my sexuality among a number of other good qualities.  He is just as much to blame for marrying her and getting her pregnant when she was just 20.  But last night, last night he almost didn't have to get told.  She very nearly got caught doing it in their bed at the house.  I saw the guy climb out the back when I went around to bring the trash can to the back of the house as Jude went in the front door as we came home from the hospital.
She gave me a stricken look, and although we have never spoken of it, she knew now that I have known for sometime.  Jude is going to hate me when he finds out I have known for a long time.  Hate Matt too.  The house was a pit, toys everywhere, dirty diapers on the changing table, and the high chairs were as filthy as the babies.  I was cleaning up after them as Jude bathed his beloved sons.  They fought for two hours after that.
I know that Mom left the house to Jude and I, but it is time for me to move out.  I had thought of fixing up the carriage house, but with work and school and the boys I have no time.  If I leave them, I will be leaving the boys without ...my heart aches.  I am so confused.  They are my family and I find myself in an intolerable situation. This is my ONLY family.  I have nowhere to go, but it has never upset me before.  Losing Mom upsets me. The fact that in losing her I may lose them all terrifies me.  Jude was always going to be there, she told me. The boys would always love their uncle.
Finally, the doctor arrives in the conference room and describes to us Mom's last wishes.  She is as good as gone.  We have all said our good-byes days ago when her lucidity slipped away.  Now, all that remains is withdrawing life support.
"Andy, do you want to be there?" Jude asks me gently.  He reaches across the table and puts his big hand over my cold fingers. Do I want to watch Mom die?
I look at him, stricken, "I ...can't Jude." I try to sit up straight, and be a man, but I am coming apart inside.  He squeezes my fingers and nods.
"Alright doctor, I'd like to be there if I can." He holds my hand until the doctor takes him from the room.  Rising from the table, his uniform looking crisp and perfect as it always does.  I admit to ensuring that if she fails to make sure his laundry is done, I do.  No, I don't do it myself. We use dry cleaners. But, what will happen when I am gone?
Kelly awkwardly tries to console me, and I am not even sure what she said, but I sob and run from the room.  Run from the hospital into the northwest spring downpour.  It is fitting, the wet dismal weather.  The sky is dark, and yet...the fresh green growth of late March, and the distant light on the horizon is vivid.  We live four miles from the hospital, on the west side of the big hill above the seaport.  Heading west I see the break in the clouds on the horizon as the sun is breaking through on the distant slopes of the Olympics, and they rise like giants still covered in slow, clouds breaking around them.
The tears on my cheeks may be rain.  By the time I get home two hours later I am drenched through and surprised to see Matt with the boys.  He looks at frowns, "Jesus, Andy, you scared the hell out of Jude.  Fuck, they fought for 20 minutes and she took off, now he is out looking for you."
I sniffed. "I can't deal with their fighting right now," I say grimly, "I saw a guy climb out of their bedroom Matt! I can't do this!  It is killing me." I was walking slowly, my body in survival mode as I shivered.
"Well, fuck, I'll call him and tell him you are home. For god sake, go shower." He shoved me, one handed because he had little Matt in his arms, "I'll stay til Jude returns."
"Stop saying that word, the boys will learn it." I muttered shivering.  The stairs felt like a mountain but I finally was slopping my clothes onto the floor in my narrow bathroom.  I was standing in the shower, the water stinging me when the door popped open and Jude crashed in the room.
"Dammit, Andy!" He yelled. I jumped a mile and nearly killed myself in the shower yanking on the shower curtain and it crashed down rod and all, and I slid around trying to fix the damn thing.
"What the hell!" I yelled back, "I am trying to shower here." I was fighting with the curtain and Jude had skidded to a halt and was staring at me.  Well, hell. I am naked, but...he doesn't...why is he looking at me like that? He blinks and reaches for the curtain helping me put it back up.
"Sorry. Look, sorry." He grumbled, "You scared me, kid." Been awhile since he called me kid.
"I am alright, Jude. Really." I said quietly, safely behind the opaque curtain.
The door didn't close and I peeked around the curtain, he was leaning on the sink, his hand over his face. "Shit, Andy...I think Kelly and I are getting divorced." He started telling me about how they fought all the time, and he didn't know how to make her happier. After his last deployment he had nearly taken a civilian job, trying to find a way to spend more time with her, but she had not wanted that.  She was miserable and he knew it was because of the burden of parenthood. He was going to take that job now, and she was really angry.  Of course I didn't point out that I parented the boys as much if not more than she did.
"I think she might ...be cheating on me." He said it so quietly I wasn't sure I heard him. Then he was quiet.
My head is covered with shampoo. I am a gay man with a big, lovable, sexy, straight navy guy in my bathroom detailing his wife's infidelities. What do I do? I step out of the shower, lean out the door-which is still wide open and letting all the cold air in-- and yell, "MATT? Come up here please." I know he hears me, because one of the boys lets out a holler that says he was just put in his playpen.  I don't even look to see what Jude's expression is, I just stand there, dripping, soapy and naked and Matt skids around the corner.
"Uh, dude." He says embarrassed, looking past me at Jude, "Fuck, get a towel or something, before you kill someone with that thing."
Glancing down I exhale, well hell, why is it hard? Fuck. "Forget that!" I yell, they both jump. "TELL HIM." And I climb back in the shower. My dick is a little too big for my body and it is rather vulgar in this particular setting.
"What?" He panics. "Tell him what? Jesus...not.."
"Tell me what?" Jude growls. "You two aren't?" He ratchets it up a notch.
"NO!" We both shout and I nearly tear down the curtain and I glare at Matt, "YOU FUCKING TELL HIM OR SO HELP ME GOD."
"What about you!?" He points at me, and soap gets in my eye, "You tell him about last night!"
"For fuck sake!" Jude booms in exasperation.
"I will, then you are going to tell him the rest, but if he kills me, it is on your head. You have known longer than I have." I am shaking but I duck behind the curtain and rinsing my hair as quickly as possible, "There was a man climbing out of your bedroom window last night when I took the trash cans around last night, Jude. A half naked sailor." I screamed when Jude yanked the fucking curtain and AGAIN it came crashing down.
"What the fuck!" Matt grabbed him and I finally had enough soap out of my hair so I struggled, falling out of the shower as Matt wrestled Jude up against the wall I and I bolted, wet and still hard as iron (what the fuck is that all about anyway?) down the hall to the attic stair to my attic room.  I could hear the crashing around, and wet sounds of fists for the entire run up the stairs.
But they didn't yell. I think Matt was really just fending off Jude's emotional fury. Would Jude of hit me? It scares me to think it.  Still cold, but finally dressed in damp jeans, since I had no towel, and a t-shirt and socks I sank down on my little sofa in front of my flat screen TV.  It was off, and I just stared blankly at it.  The boys.
Heaving myself to my feet, I cautiously went down the stairs.  The bathroom was quiet, and empty.  I made my way to the playroom and found the boys had dozed off. It was late.  Their bedroom was a mess again; cleaning up the diapers and wiping down their cribs I put down clean sheets and straightened their beds.  I was just carrying Ethan in when Jude appeared in the other doorway that leads to the kitchen.  There was grief and anger on his face and something else, hurt? But he tilted his head and I saw love too, for his son, I am sure.  But no hate.  He walked past me to the playroom and I changed the limp little man, wiping his face with a cloth and slipping him into fresh diapers and pajamas.
Maybe another father or family might have been afraid to have a gay uncle, unrelated to their sons care for them.  But, Jude and Kelly had never treated me that way.  For which I was eternally grateful. I loved the babies and had they been girls I would have loved them too. It really was about family.  They were my sons, my brothers, and my family. And if Kelly left, Jude could not stay here in this house with me.  The navy would never allow it.  As it was, Kelly had told Matt recently that she was hoping I would move out so I would no longer be an impediment to Jude's career.  It could only mean because I was gay.
Jude put little Mathias to bed and I wordlessly went to the kitchen to clean up the days disaster there.  Kelly could make a mess; she did feed the boys, but never did the dishes. I do mean, ever.  The dishwasher loaded, I filled the sink to begin washing the pans and other odds and ends when Jude appeared beside me, towel in hand.  He did this from time to time, usually snapping me with the towel and laughing about something.  Matt must have left.  I expected an accusation at some point.
"You were afraid to tell me," he said instead. I stiffened in surprise. He was dead on. "Afraid I wouldn't believe you? Get angry with you? Or afraid of what would happen if I did?"
"Both." I admitted. It was a hard admission.  If he knew and they split up, with Mom sick, it would have been awful.  Mom had just died...hours ago, and it was as if the need to hide the truth passed with her.  It couldn't be more awful.  "I am really good at being afraid, Jude." I said painfully.
"You didn't seem very afraid upstairs just now." He answered with a short laugh, and I looked up at him.  He looked chagrinned; "I can't believe you shouted at us with your dick so hard it looked ready to break." Suddenly he was laughing. "I think you scared Matt half to death."
My cheek twitched and I clenched my jaw, trying quite desperately not to laugh.  But, my face was burning. I spun around and searched for a towel, "Is there never a fucking towel in my goddam life?" I gasped when he snapped my ass with the towel. "Hey!" Spinning around I caught the next snap and he chuckled.  God, when did I stop lusting after this guy? Um, never. The answer to that loaded question is never.  But, I did get over it.  "And I was afraid.  I was scared to death. But the curtain came down, and...I dunno..."
He smirked and then gasped as he started to laugh again, his laughter came from deep inside him, it was hysterical really.  Looking back over the past hour, the insanity that had taken hold of us.  "So, which is it, anger or fear that gets you hot, Andy?" His eyes were watering.  "Matt was so astounded, I think he told me because you scared him with your ..."
"Yeah, laugh it up there, Carlisle.  It wasn't your dick hanging out there in mid fight with two big...argh... we are not gonna talk about this!" I was so red-faced, I felt like my cheeks were on fire.  My dick was getting hard talking about it.  I went back to the dishes, pressing my stiffening groin against the counter. I am going to not think about my sexy foster cousin.  I am not going to remember that he looked at and watched me stand naked and hard in front of him, not looking away.
"It was adrenalin actually." He said matter-of-factly, "Nothin to be embarrassed about.  But, Matt will be fun to harass over it. Just," he sobered and was back beside me, his shoulder bumping mine, "Do me a favor, Andy, please?"
I paused and looked up at him, he was watching me with those warm eyes and they were full of hurt and grief, the same grief in mine, "Yeah Jude?"
"Promise me, you'll always be open with me from now on? I'll always trust you." His arm went around my back, "We are family."
Tears leaked out of my eyes, like little streams, his embrace was so warm, so strong, "Always, Jude." I choked out and he pulled me up against him, face to face, holding me in his arms.  I've hugged him lightly many times in our life.  But never like this.  This time, his arms around my shoulders, one hand behind my neck as he pressed my face into the curve of his shoulder and neck, my arms behind him, palms open on his back, hip to hip, groin to groin and my slender chest firmly pressed against the broad plane of his.  I was aware of every button on his shirt, pressing into me.  Of the buckle on his belt, the pressure of his cock, while not hard exactly, it was not unnoticeable.  My knee was between his and his thighs held one of mine and the inside of my other thigh was outside his.  I inhaled deeply, indulging in his warm musky male scent, clean and yet end of day musk, for just a single moment.  This is the most intimate hug I have ever known.
And I cannot afford to steal more than that moment. I pull away rather stiffly.  This is Jude.  And nothing on earth will drag my lust out of the darkness of my secret heart.  No. I don't want him. I believe that.  I am dating Scott, and while we haven't had sex I am not going to develop feelings for Jude based on these emotional times. No. Not.
I turned back to the sink, "Do you want me to take the boys to day care, tomorrow?" We had to resolve some very major issues.  It was Wednesday night. I had class tomorrow, while I had the next ten days off from work, for bereavement, I couldn't afford to miss my chemistry test.
"No, it is alright.  The Navy has given me 2 weeks leave. I can manage the boys during that time.  We have to, " he broke off, sniffing as he dried the cookie sheet, "Have to go down to the planners office and make some funeral decisions when you get home from...class? Work?"
"Can we make it at 11:30? I can have Scott drop me off after English and I can go back for Chemistry at 2.  We have a test, it will take a couple of hours." I passed him another pan and he took it.
"Yes, I will call them, that is more than enough time."  He took a washcloth as I drained the sink and he started washing the stove as I cleaned the sink. "Kelly said she was going to come by tomorrow and get..."
"Yeah, Okay, well I will have to leave at 8:45.  I'll turn my phone on vibrate, call me if you ..." He just nodded, and he was fighting tears.  They wouldn't fall. He was a strong man. He was holding it all in.  "Jude, do you...I should move out if Kelly is moving out." It maybe was awful to talk about this so soon.  But, his career...
"No." He said sharply. "I guess you maybe didn't realize what I said upstairs. I am leaving the Navy.  I'll have my discharge in six weeks.  I am going to work for West Element," He named the huge contractor that worked in the Naval Shipyard. He worked for them anyway, but if he went to work directly for them the pay would be better.  But there had been a time when he was in the navy "for life." His words.
"You love the Navy."
"Not more than my family." He answered and folded the towel. "Not more than you and the boys."  He set it down and walked quietly out of the kitchen.  I had a hard time staying upright.  He didn't mean that way. I knew it. I mean I love him too. He is MY family.  We are all each other have now, besides grandpa Ellis.  An ornery bastard, Mom's dad, and we loved to hate the idiot.  But...we loved him too.  He came for Christmas and while he was obnoxious, cussed up a blue streak, he always helped out. He did dishes, fixed the fence, and played with the babies like they were the only human beings on the earth worth his good humor.  And he was a bastard about EVERYTHING, but not a word about my being gay.  He even gave me love advice.
I really hope I passed that test.  After the funeral arrangements I was a wreck.  Jude practically had to shove me out of his truck at the school, I was sobbing so hard.  He was firm and militant.  "Dry up! You have a test to take, you can't fall apart here, kid. Go. Right now." And I went.  His forceful attitude was prevalent most of the time actually when it came to anything that needed to get done.  Luckily, I didn't work for him and I wasn't the sort to procrastinate when it came to household chores.  Mom had taught us that when work was to be done, any energy wasted on not doing it was our own precious free time lost.
Friday morning I woke with the boys, I didn't have a class until 11 am. I had switched off Jude's baby monitor before he went to bed, because I knew he had been up til well after midnight on the phone arguing with Kelly.  I was up at six am with them, and by the time I woke Jude at ten, they had had their midmorning snack and were down for a short nap in their playroom on the floor.
He stared at me from his bed as I stood in the door.  It was dim in the big room.  A room she had ignored the Victorian wall paper and furnished with eighties oak furniture too big and awkward for the room, but I was just realizing how it annoyed me. "Jude, um, okay, I am going to be gone til around four again.  The boys have lunch in the frig. K?"
"Yeah, hey, thanks. Wow, I really slept. I never do that. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and we both realized at exactly the same instant-half a second too late-that he was naked.  I backed out of the door.
"Okay, see ya later then." I think I got out before he saw my reaction to his morning arousal.  Oh god, he was...really big there.
I had that image burned in my mind all day. I am not sure what happened either.  Scott was irritated with me because I insisted I had to go home to help with the boys.  At least with Kelly I didn't cook.  She cooked and I could stay out and clean the kitchen when I got home.  But, fuck Scott.  Well, actually not.  He was supposedly not out of the closet yet and we had met through the shop.  But, I was beginning to have doubts.  The last time we were alone at his apartment that he shared with his brother we had made out on his bed.  I guess he was a decent kisser, but he had pretty rapidly pushed me down.  I had blown him, something I have gotten more practice at than anything else. I once vowed I was not going to be some guys cocksucker ever again. I got caught up in a stupid relationship once in high school.  It hadn't ended furiously or anything.  The guy had understood when I said I just couldn't only be that for him.  But Scott had sworn to me he was gay...but...something.   He jacked me off with his hand but had not kissed me good night. I guess...I should know better.
Now he was mad.  My mom just died, my cousin/brother was getting divorced and he was complaining that he was horny and what good was a boyfriend who never...I went home.
He called me as I was walking in the door, "You're not fucking your cousin are you?" He asked me harshly.
"NO, for god sake Scott. There is just a lot to take care of before the funeral." I said fiercely and I absently picked up Matty's trucks off the mudroom floor. "Please don't be this way."
"You know it's just that I am your boyfriend and I need you to take care of me," He whined. What? My boyfriend?
"Boyfriend? You're the one who said you weren't ready for that!" I blurted out and looking up I watched as Jude watched me from the dining room where he was sitting with Matt.  Oh.  Shit. Big huge dick. Yeah. Fuck! I blushed and closed the dining room door.
"Maybe if we had sex more often I would be!" He yelled.
What the fuck! "So, it is all about sex! You can't care that my Mom just died! Scott please...oh never mind..." I said when he just cursed at me, "Um, I am going to hang up now."
"Don't you dare you fucking faggot!" OH MY GOD.
The dining room door opened, and Jude was standing there. What the hell? I closed it for privacy.  He frowned at me.
"I ..."
Scott was yelling obscenities at me. I closed my phone.  He had been using me.  OH, how easy I was.  I closed my eyes against Jude's piercing look. I had had that boys dick in my mouth, one, two, three, FOUR times he had cum in my mouth and once the first time, in my hand!  I wanted to be sick.  "I can't talk right now, I am going to throw up." I rushed past Jude to the toilet.  I don't know why it upset me so much.  Was it because I was so gullible?  Or was it because it made me feel dirty? Both? I love sucking cock, but...and this is a big but, I hate doing it for someone I don't care about and that doesn't care about me.  Other guys might get off on the humiliation.  They might just enjoy the dick for the sake of it.  I do, but being used just kills something inside of me.
I stood in the hall bathroom above the toilet, trying to decide if I should puke, because I almost felt like I could when Jude, when had he become so pushy and worried about me, pushed the door open and stood there looking at me. "Was that your boyfriend?"
I fell to my knees and puked my guts out.  I was gasping, panting and retching and Jude grabbed a towel and wet it in the little pedestal sink, and knelt behind me.  The heat from his legs seemed to surround me as he drew me back and wiped my face.  His hands supported me, cupping my shoulders until the convulsions stopped and he flushed the toilet, wiping my face a second time, he tossed the towel on the floor and closed the toilet sitting me down on it.
"He isn't...is NOT my boyfriend." I whispered fiercely, my throat raw.
Humiliation of all humiliations, Matt appeared in the doorway. "Is he okay?"
I looked from one to the other, these big handsome navy guys who had always been kind to me, but never really...you know, my friends, were worried about me.  It felt like I had just lost control of my life entirely.  "It has been a rough few days for all of us," Jude answered.  "I take it his boyfriend is being a selfish prick."
"He isn't my boyfriend," I insisted.
"You seemed to really be into him last week," Matt countered. "Seemed nice enough, a little..."
"He was using me." I said defeated. "He didn't want to be my boyfriend last week, because he wasn't `out' but this week, when I don't suck his dick often enough suddenly I am being a bad boyfriend." I can't believe I SAID that.
Jude didn't even look at me; he just dropped his chin to his chest and sucked in a harsh breath before standing up and walking out of the bathroom.
"TMI!" Matt wailed and stepped out of the way, "But Andy, you deserve better.  Better off without the fucker."
"Yeah." I muttered and sniffed. "Couldja, close the door, please Matt?"  He did.  I spent another ten minutes feeling sorry for myself.  Finally I came out just as the pizza delivery guy was arriving.  They didn't look at me, and I felt like shit for being so...obnoxious.  So, I went into the playroom, and cleaned up. It made me feel better.  I avoided the kitchen and dining room, but put away the boys laundry, ran the vacuum really quickly in the hall and living room and tossed all the books back on the shelves. Then I went upstairs to shower.  I passed out on my bed, in my boxers after showering.
"Andy." His voice. Jude is in my bedroom.
I rolled over shivering.  Damn where did the blanket go?
"Andy!"
I woke up with a start and looked over my shoulder. In the dim light from the hallway there was Jude, "Uh, yeah?" I looked around awkwardly, I was laying on the blanket.
"Sorry, but that moron keeps calling the house phone. I want to tell him to go fuck himself. I really do, or beat his ass. But..." He hands me the phone.
"Wait." I say, but it wasn't necessary he is standing there. "Scott? Go fuck yourself." I click the phone off. "Thanks Jude." I hand him back the phone and he just grins at me.
"Can we have breakfast together? Mrs. Wellers is going to come get the boys for the day, so we can get things done. I just want to...you know, talk about stuff." He sits on my bed.
Pulling my legs up, I grab my pillow and automatically place it over my now responding member.  What the hell is the matter with me? Well, my ego answers, Jude never has come up to your room before when you finished telling him about being a cocksucker.  Nor have you ever in recent memory been living alone with him.  Waking him up.  Seeing his bigger than yours, which means huge, fat cock first thing in the morning.  "Of course." I finally say. Why is he just sitting there?
"You okay, Jude?"
"How long were you doing all the housework, Andy?" He looked over at me, a weird expression on his face. Was that disgust?
"Its not cause I am gay!" I blurt out, "I always helped Mom! We all did, and as she got sicker-"
"You took care of my sons, Andy.  You cleaned up after them, did our dishes. Washed our laundry. The receipts from the Dry Cleaner have your initials on them. How long have you been like...doing my wife's job?"
It was a weird feeling. I mean a really weird feeling.  It was a sinking feeling and a rush of sensation too.  It washed over me, the way he said wife.  Like, asking me how long I had been a stand in for his wife.  His mate. I am gay, and quite distinctly a bottom to be-not ever having actually been ...well lets just say I suck cock at that is something I am great at.  But the rest is just a fantasy.
"Mom went into the hospital last month, Jude. I don't know when it happened. I don't know when I started doing more and more. I just did. You were gone, sometimes overnight.  Grandpa Ellis came and stayed over the holidays and left, I don't know, the last week of January.  He helped with the boys too."  I kind of feel scared about it all of a sudden. I wasn't trying to be his wife. I was just ...doing what had to be done. "I was just doing what had to be done, Jude. Please don't think I was trying to -"
"Fuck, Andy. I am not mad at you." He said suddenly.  "I just...you know, thought I would miss her more.  Then you come home and quietly take care of shit and I realize. I see it. I look around, and there is food in the frig for the boys, laundry done. Clean towels and you bring in the mail and take out the trash and what the hell did she do?"
"She cooked. And.." Well, she slept with him. I wasn't sleeping with Jude.
"You did everything.  She cooked, but not often. She brought home ready made meals from provisions, I pay the bill every month." Heat from his body was the only warmth in the room, and the rain was gone, it was a clear night my room was icy.  I shivered.
"I haven't fucked her in months, so in almost every way imaginable, I have been married to you." He laughed harshly and stood up.  "I better go so you can sleep. Fuck, it is cold in here." He finally looked over at me, and I was staring at him.  I don't know what he saw.  But all I could think of was what he said about being married to me.  All he had to do was fuck me, and he is right, I would be his ...I couldn't breathe.  "G'nite."
I wanted to spread my legs and beg him to stay. The pillow was fisted in my hands as I held on for dear life.  I literally could not have said no if he touched me.  He paused at the end of the bed.  But as the light was from the hall stair, I couldn't see his expression just that he stared at me for a long minute an his hand slowly clenched before he turned and trotted down the stairs.
I burrowed under my down comforter, covering my head and I groaned into my pillow.  I've known Jude since I was 13 years old.  I have lived in this house with him since the end of my sophomore year in high school.  Yeah, he left on a six month deployment that year, but... he has been home the entire time afterward. I finished a year and a half of high school with he and Mom attending my school conferences.  He wrote my sick notes.  He drove me to my doctor's appointments.  He wasn't exactly paternal, but I certainly wasn't having jack off fantasies about him.
Was I?