Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2018 20:48:10 -0500
From: Brian Johnson
Subject: Fort Leonard Wood #5

Please donate to Nifty.org
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Fort Leonard Wood
Chapter 5

	I was hesitant to go into work on Monday, I thought that someone
might have found out about the card game and that I had lost after boasting
that I would win. Then I realized that the only people that knew about the
game were the 4 that were there and Pete and John.

	When I got to my desk, I knew that someone else must have known, as
there was a package on my desk. It was neatly wrapped complete with a
bow. It was a book entitled, "How to Win Playing Poker." There was a note
with it that said, "If you want to practice, be at my home, Saturday at
1:00pm."  It was signed P. When I saw Jeff at lunch, I mentioned it to him
and he pulled a note out of his pocked and said it was with a book on how
to play poker, and his note said the something. Of course, we knew that it
was from Pete. Naturally we decided to take him up on his offer to practice
poker.

	We got to his home a few minutes past 1 and knocked on the door.
Pete opened it and said welcome, glad you want more practice. John is
upstairs, so follow me. Upstairs, we followed him to one of the bedrooms.
John was sitting on the bed and was naked. "Why don't you two get
undressed, unless you want to do it fully clothed. That is when I noticed
that Pete had removed all of his clothes and was standing next to me. "What
did you two think, you were going to practice, poker?" "Jim said you wanted
to practice oral sex." Jeff looked at me and I at him and then we both
laughed. It only took us a few minutes to get naked and then we joined John
and Pete on the bed.

	What followed was almost 4 hours of oral sex education. We were
told what and how. Then Pete and John showed us as we watched them. Then
Jeff and I had the opportunity to try and do what we had been taught on
each other and then we where told what we did wrong and what w did
right. Then we had to do it all over again. Once we were doing it right, we
were allowed to do it to John and Pete. I did John and Jeff did Pete. Then
we switched partners. Then and only then we were told if we had improved
our skill. And we graduated with honors. Pete said that next Saturday there
would be a graduation party and we should not make any plans for Saturday.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 4 Sep 2018 17:10:45 -0500
From: Brian Johnson
Subject: Fort Leonard Wood 4

Contribute to Nifty.org


Fort Leonard Wood
Chapter 4
The Poker Game

	On the following Friday, we called the motel and reserved a room
for the next Saturday and Sunday. We wanted 2 beds as we thought the game
would last until late in the night and we would spend the night there.

On the next Saturday morning, Jeff and I went to the PX and bought some
snacks, Pepsi and a couple of new decks of cards and some poker chips. We
then headed to Rolla and the motel and checked in to our room and got
everything ready for the game.

	Jim and Greg showed up just before 1 o'clock and we set out the
rules: Jim and Greg would play against Jeff and myself. However, Jeff would
play against Greg and I would play against Jim. Everyone would start with
$500.00 in chips and the losers would be the first to lose all their
chips. In addition; there would be separate contests between Greg and Jeff
and Jim and myself. This meant that it would be possible for Jeff to win
and I could lose. The winners would decide on a penalty for the losers to
pay. The deal would rotate and the dealer would decide on the game. The
first dealer was decided when Jim shuffled the cards and then dealt one
card, face up to each of us. The high card would determine who the dealer
would be. Jeff was the first dealer and chose to play 5 Card Stud with 2
Jacks or better to open. I mentioned that we had some cold drinks in a
cooler and some snacks. Jim went to get a drink and complained, "What no
beer!" I said that I intended to keep my wits about me and win this game."

	Since we were playing for unknown stakes, or rather to avoid paying
an unknown penalty, we were not in a hurry to bet and the game went rather
slow. Occasionally someone would drop out.  And use the time to get a drink
of to take a piss. After about 4 hours of play, things were winding down
and I am sorry to say that it looked like neither Jeff or I did any better
than in the game the week before.

	It was 5:15 when Jim told Jeff and I to admit that we had lost. We
threw in our cards and said that yes we had lost. "Well let's go and get
some dinner. While we eat, Greg and I can decide what the penalty will be.
	We went to the motel restaurant and when the waitress cam for our
order, Jim said, "We all with have the biggest steak on the menu, and the
dinner is on me." While we ate they discussed possible penalties for Jeff
and myself. Things like cleaning their BOQs to washing cars and several
other things. On th walk back to the room, Jim announced that he has
thought of the perfect penalty for us, but he did not say more.

	Once in the room, Jeff asked, "Okay, what is our penalty?" "We have
decided that since Dave made such claims for this card game and lost, that
the two of you will have to perform fellatio on us. And just in case you
don't know what that means, you will give us a blow job." Jim and Greg
started to undress and Greg, said, "If you two are going to do it while
dressed okay, but maybe you should get naked too.

	They each got in the middle of a bed, spread their legs and said,
"Okay come and get started." Jeff and I both said that that was something
that neither of had ever done. We were told both of us had seen it done in
films, so get started.  He was right, we had seen it done in the films that
Greg had brought to Pete's home; so we got started.

[Those of you reading this know how it is done, so I am not going into much
detail.]

	I started licking Jim's scrotum and even sucking one ball at a time
into my mouth. I started to lick his cock from the base to the head. I took
just the head of it into my mouth and used my tongue on just the head. I
tried to take his cock into my throat and gagged a couple of times before I
was able to get my lips to his pubes and I started an in and out motion
with my mouth. I am not sure how long it took; but all of a sudden he began
to squirt his juice into my mouth and throat and I had no choice but to
swallow. I kept his cock in my mouth until it became soft again. "That was
a good job for a beginner, said Jim." With some practice you will become a
qualified cocksucker." "And somehow, I think you will help me to just do
that, I added."

	"Yes I will, but right now you are getting a reward for the good
job you just did and I will show you what a great blow job feels
like. Change places with me and spread you legs. In the next 40 minutes I
experienced a great blowjob. When I shot my load, it felt as if my whole
body had an orgasm.

	"Okay, Dave, lets hit the shower."  Jim and I got in the shower and
took turns washing each other. When we finished and dried off, both of our
cocks were hard again. Jim said, "Looks like we have some business to take
care of again." We got back into bed but we laid in opposite directions and
Jim explained what we were gong to do. [Reader: if you don't have any idea,
think of the number 69.]

	After Jim and I had our second orgasm, we fell asleep.

	The nest day, Greg told me that for the most part, he and Greg had
done the something as Jim and I had done. Jeff said that it was almost as
if it had been planned that way. I think that it has been planned since we
first met Jim and Greg. Do you mean that the 1st sergeant was in on it? Yes
I do.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Tue, 4 Sep 2018 15:56:28 -0500
From: Brian Johnson
Subject: Fort Leonard Wood 3

Contribute to Nifty.org

Fort Leonard Wood
Chapter 2 Headquarters.

	Jeff and I had not planned on taking leave after clerk school so we
were able to report to our new job on Saturday morning. The O.D. (Officer
of the Day) was surprised to see us show up and at first did not know what
to do with us. He called 1sr Sergeant Donaldson and was told where to put
us. We got to our new barracks. We unpacked and headed to the mess hall for
breakfast. The mess sergeant did not want to feed us until we showed him
our orders.

	Being the mess hall for the post headquarters with the possibility
of the Commanding General to walk in at anytime: it was a little up scale
compared to the others on the post. There were tablecloths and instead of
the metal trays; we ate off or real plates, cups and glasses.  But the food
was still Army chow.

	After we ate we decided to go to the PX and pick up some things
that we needed to replace. Jeff then filled his car with gas and I
contributed some money for that. We drove by the post pool and decided to
spend the morning there. Once back at the barracks, we changed into our
suits; grabbed a towel and headed to the pool. The pool was crowded,
because it was Saturday; so there were families with children. We did
manage to get wet, but spent most of the morning sitting poolside.

	We happened to see a familiar face come in to the pool; our DI
friend, Chuck Watson. We gave a shout and he came over and we caught up on
what had happened. We decided that the pool was too crowded and he
suggested that we go to his cadre room and have a drink. We thought that
would be a good idea even though all we had on were our swimsuits.

	He had a typical cadre room; about 15 by 10 feet with a bed,
closet, dresser and a overstuffed chair.  He also had a small refrigerator.
Before he handed us the beers that he took out of it, he asked, "Aren't you
going to get comfortable and remove those suits?" Of course we complied, as
did he. "Now this is the way to relax with a cold beer in your hand" he
said. We talked for about an hour and a half, just about as long as it took
to drink two beers. Jeff and I dressed and headed back to our barracks
where we showered and dressed and headed to the mess hall for lunch.
	We spent the after noon in the barracks getting to know some of our
roommates. We found out that as Pfcs, we were the lowest rank personal in
the barracks. But we were told that if we did our job and stayed out of
trouble, promotions came quick..

	Sunday was spent at the EM club watching sports on TV and just
hanging out with other soldiers. We went back to our barracks early so we
could get ready for Monday morning. We checked to see what the uniform
would be when we fellout, and was told fatigues. We made sure that
everything was pressed and polished and went to bed.

	Well all went well on Monday morning. We reported in and Jeff was
assigned to Supply and was turned over to MSG. Schmidt. I became the newest
member of 1st Sergeant Donaldson's office staff.  Corporal Judy Benson
showed me where I would work and briefly explained my duties. She said
anyone graduating from clerk school with the glowing reports that had been
circulated around the office, had better know his job forwards and
backwards. I did, so I began working right away.

	The next six weeks went rather fast and smooth. We caused no
problems and we got along with everyone. Both Jeff and I did our work
correctly and on time. From comments that we heard, I guessed that it had
been awhile since things had gone so smoothly.

	We even had time to spend a couple of weekends at our favorite
motel with Chuck Watson. Needless to say that we spent a fair amount of
time in his room, nude and drinking.

	It was on Thursday afternoon of our 7th week, that we thought that
we were in trouble. Up until that day, the only thing the 1st Sergeant had
said to me was: "Good morning," and "Good job Martin." Jeff said that
MSG. Schmidt had basically said the same things to him. So when I got a
call on the intercom from the 1st Sergeant and was told to report to his
office, I was a little concerned. As I was heading to his office, I looked
up and saw Jeff heading in the same direction; he had gotten the same call.

	We went into his office and he said to close the door; which we
did. He then told us to take a chair. He continued saying, "Martin, Morris,
the reports that I have gotten about your work have been good. I want you
to know that I have recommended to the Colonel that both of you be promoted
to Corporal as soon as you have sufficient time. Also from time to time, I
invite a few members of the staff to my home for dinner. I would like both
of you to join us this Saturday at one o'clock: will you b able to come?"
Jeff said that he would but could not be there that early as MSG Schmidt
had scheduled an inventory that morning and he was not sure when it would
be finished. "Well come when you can, said 1st Sergeant." When we were out
of the office, I told Jeff that I could help on the inventory, as I could
not get to the party without Jeff. He said he would tell the sergeant.

	Both of us showed up, in uniform at 7:00 am. There were seven of us
and the counting went fast. We actually finished at 1:20. We headed to our
barracks, showered and dressed and headed to the 1st sergeant's home. He
had given Jeff a map, he was living off post on the out skirts of
Waynesville. We got there about 2:20 and knocked on the door, but there was
no answer. Jeff knocked a second time, but still no answer. I rang the
doorbell and I heard someone talking. The door opened and it was the 1st
sergeant. "Hi, it is time you two got here, come on in and follow me." We
went into the kitchen when he asked, "You drink beer, don't you?" Jeff
said, "Yes we do, 1st sergeant." To which the `1st sergeant replied, "There
are no ranks here, Jeff. I am Pete.  Everyone is outside." We followed him
outside to a really nice covered patio and a pool. He put 4 bottles of beer
on a table and said, "Come on join us in the pool."  Jeff said, "We did not
know and did not bring swimsuits," "And what makes you think that we wear
swimsuits/" That is when I noticed he had taken off a bathrobe and was
stark naked. Jeff and I looked at each other and began to undress. We
grabbed our beers and followed Pete into the pool.

	"Let me introduce everyone, this is Jim, Greg, and John. Everyone,
this is Jeff and Dave. " So these are your two new hot shot clerks we have
been hearing about, said Jim?" "Yes Jim they are, and for your information
they are doing a bang up job and I have put them in for promotion." "I
think that I already know them, or at least of them, said Jim." "Do you two
spend some s at a motel in Rolla, Jim asked?" I said that we have done
that. "Well then you know one of my DI's by the name of Watson and one of
Greg's sergeants by the name of Johnson." "We do know both, said Jeff.'
`Well we know all about you two, said Greg" "They like to swim, and drink
beer in the nude, he added. Jim said "Pete, I guess that they will just fit
in our little group just fine."

	The rest of the afternoon was spent answering questions about
us. Why are we in the Army, why didn't we go to Canada, do we like being
here and many other questions.

	Jim then suggested that it might be time for some poker. Pete then
said, "Don't worry, we don't play for money. Gambling in the Army is not a
good idea, we just play for, shall we say sport." The six of us then got
out of the pool and sat around one of the tables. John handed out some
chips and said here is $250.00 dollars, the whites are $1, the reds are $5
and the blues are $10. And we play dealer's choice.

	Occasionally Pete would leave the game to check on the food. We
played for about 90 minutes, and at the end, I was left with 2 white chips
and Jeff had one white and one red. "It looks like it was a good thing that
we only play for the skill of the game because if we were playing for money
they would be out more that 2 months income, said Jim." "And if we had
played strip porker, they would be naked. Oh they already are, but so are
we," added Greg. "Well, Jim," I said, "If we had been playing for money,
the outcome would have been different because I would have played
differently you would be sitting here naked and out a month's income. "Well
David, do you want to try playing for money," asked Jim? "Anytime you want
to, I replied," "Lets us talk about it over dinner, said Jim"

	During dinner it was decided that the four of us would play poker
on the following Saturday at our friendly motel in Rolla.

	Well dinner was ready so Pete said bring your beer and lets go
inside to the dinning room. Greg asked what were we having and Pete said,
Irish Stew, salad and biscuits and for later, John brought a apple
pie. John added that the only thing Irish about the stew was the Irish
Whiskey that had been added to it.  The food was good, Pete was a good
cook. After dinner, we helped clear the table and moved to the living
room. Pete said that Greg ad brought a movie. "It was given to me by a
friend, but I haven't seen it. He said it was good." Now Jeff and I were
some how guided to the sofa with Greg on Jeff's right side and Jim on my
left. Pete and John sat together to the right of the projector.

	I was an interesting movie; back then it was called a `stag film.'
Today it would be called porn. There were 4 couples and it was some kind of
a party. There was food, lots of drinking and dancing.  Eventually the
couples starting making out, soon clothing came off and soon there was a
lot of sexual activity going on. Now the women were good looking and the
men were all in good shape. There was a lot of intercourse going on and the
couples changed partners during the film. I can say that at the end of the
film, there were 6 hard cocks in the audience.  The film was rewound.  Greg
asked if Pete needed some help cleaning up and he said no, and added that
John was spending the night and the two of them could handle the
cleanup. Then the 4 of us got dressed and we left.

	In the car, Jeff said, "That is the first time I spent an evening
with naked army officers."  "Well based on some of the things that I heard,
I think we just may spend some more naked nights with them." Once in the
barracks, we showered and went to bed.

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2018 13:31:57 -0500
From: Brian Johnson
Subject: Fort Leonard Wood Chapter 2

Contribute to Nifty.org and keep this site going.

Fort Leonard Wood
Chapter 2 Advanced Individual Training

	Clerk -- Typist School was completely different from Basic
Training; we were treated like men. We had more freedom in the hours after
class and on weekends.

	Class went well for Jeff and myself, as both of us knew how to
type; so it was just a matter of learning the Army's way of record
keeping. And that was not too difficult to master.

	Our weekends proved to be good times. We made friends with others
in the class. During the week, some time was spent at the local PX drinking
and lying about our love life.

On weekends we did do some exploring in the area around the base. We did
visit Columbia on one weekend; a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want
to live there.  And on another we went to St Louis and went to the top of
the Arch.  But on our pay, St. Louis was expensive.

	On one weekend, Jeff and I discovered Rolla, Missouri. It is a town
about 30 mils from Leonard Wood. It seemed to be the place we were looking
for: near Leonard Wood, but far enough away so it wasn't
military. Waynesville was to close and too military for a get away place.

	W saw a hotel or motel outside of Rolla that was up on a hill. We
thought we would get a room for the weekend. The young lady at the desk
asked if we were there for an interview: Jeff said, "No we would like a
room for the weekend." That was when we found out that they were hiring
employees and would not open for two weeks. He thanked her and said we
would be back.

	It was actually three weeks before we had a chance to go back. As
we checked in the man at the desk said that the pool was now open. When we
got to our room, we discovered it had only one bed. Jeff called the front
desk and was told that that was all that was available at that time. Well,
it was a big bed so we did not object too much. But we hadn't brought
swimsuits with us and Jeff did not want to go back to the base. He called
the front desk a second time and was told about a store a short distance
away where we could buy suits. We got new suits, Speedo type and returned
to our room. In less than 5 minutes we were suited up and on the way to the
pool; hoping tat there would be some ladies there. To our disappointment,
there were only two men in the pool. Jeff and I went to the opposite end of
the pool area, dropped our towels and dived in and swam the length. I guess
that we splashed too much because one of the men said, "Hey be careful,
what do you think this is, a swimming pool?" I replied, "Gee, I am sorry, I
thought that all big squares holes filled with water were swimming pools"
That got a laugh from them.  And that made talking with them easier. We
found out that all four of us were Army and from Leonard wood. They said
that were with a basic training unit. We said that we were in Clerk-typist
school.  One of them was a tall, big black man and I guessed that he was a
DI. I was correct and his friend said he was just a lowly Platoon Sergeant.
Chuck was the DI and Roger was his Platoon Sergeant friend.

	We talked and swam, after all that's what a pool is for. After a
while, they were getting ready to leave and asked if we wanted to join them
for a drink in their room. Not being one to turn down a free drink, we
agreed and went to their room.  We were offered a shot and a beer. Chuck
said he would get the ice and left.  Roger brought each of us a beer and
then dropped his suit saying that he did not like wearing a wet suit and
wrapped a towel around his waist. Chick came back with the ice and he
poured four shots of brandy. Then he also dropped his suit and put on a
towel. "Why don't you get out of your wet suits too," Chuck asked? We did
and we were also wearing our towels. Roger laughed saying, " Here are four
soldiers, defenders of our country, sitting in a motel room drinking shots
and beer while half naked."  We all sort of laughed at that and Chuck said,
"I hope the Commies don't invade now. I can see four naked soldiers rushing
to defend this motel,"

	Chuck got up to get the brandy to refill our glasses and when he
did, his towel stayed on the bed. "This is the first time I have had a
naked DI serve me brandy," I said. "Well you had better drink it by the
numbers, left, right, left." We continued talking and sharing "war
stories." Roger asked if we were ready for a beer and all of us were. He
got up and came back with four beers, but without his towel as when he
stood up, it stayed on the bed where he was sitting. Jeff then said, "Now
there are two naked soldiers." Then Roger said, "Well, if you two had any
balls, you would lose your towels so there could be four naked defenders of
this country drinking!" Jeff and I had no choice but to remove our towels
and everyone laughed and drank more beer.

	After a while, they said that they were meeting friends for dinner
and had to shower and change. We thanked them for the drinks, put on our
suits and left. As we were leaving, Chuck said, that we should come back
later that night for more drinks. We said okay.

	Walking back to our room, Jeff said, "It must b true what they say
about black men." "And what do they say," I asked? "Well, they say that all
black men are hung like a horse and after seeing his dick, I think that
they may be right." "You and they maybe right, but Roger, you and I are not
lacking in that area." I said.

	We showered and dressed and went to the motel restaurant for
dinner. They did serve a good meal. Then we walked over to the pool area
just to check if anyone was there, there wasn't. But the night was warm and
nice so we sat and just relaxed. After a while I said, "I am glad we found
this place, it is a nice place to get way from the base." Jeff agreed, and
if we meet guys like Chuck and Roger, it is even better. It was getting
dark, so we headed back to our room. We decided that we would spend the
next day at the pool. Jeff showered again and was standing at the foot of
the bed. I just stripped down to my US Army issued boxers and was next to
the bed when there was a knock at the door. Jeff went to the door and
opened it, There was Chuck and he asked if we wanted to come back and have
a drink. Jeff looked at me and I shook my head no; so he thanked Chuck and
said no.

[Possible conversation between Chuck and Roger in their room. I asked if
they would join us, but they said no. There was only a single bed, and Dave
was in his shorts by the bed and Jeff was naked. Looks like we may have
some candidates, said Roger. Well I think we should just tell the Captain
and let him do what ever he thinks.]

	The next morning we had breakfast at the motel and were just
finishing when Roger and Chuck came in. We talked and they asked what we
were planing on for the day? We said that we were just going to spend time
at the pool before we had to head back to Leonard Wood. They thought it was
a good idea and said they would see us there. We changed into our suits and
headed to the pool. Chuck and Roger did join us and the four of us spent
most of the morning there.  We mentioned that we were going to grab lunch
and then head back to the base. They said come and have a drink with us. So
we did.

	The rest of AIT was uneventful and passed quickly. Close to
graduation every one began to speculate where they would end up. I said
that being from the Midwest, I was tire of snow and cold and would like to
end up at Fort Ord in California. Jeff said he did not care where he went,
except that he would prefer not to go to Vietnam.

	Well we got our assignments and Jeff and I were both discouraged as
we both were staying right at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri. We were both
assigned to the post headquarters unit.  I guess we were glad it wasn't
Vietnam, but still, Fort Leonard Missouri. They say that if you served at
Leonard Wood, when you died, you went directly to heaven because you had
served your time in hell. We reported to headquarters and Jeff was assigned
to Supple and I was in the orderly room working for the 1st Sergeant.

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Sat, 25 Aug 2018 10:49:24 -0500
From: Brian Johnson
Subject: Fort Leonard Wood Chapter 1

Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri
Chapter 1 Basic Combat Training

My name is David Martin and I grew up in the Midwest. I was your typical
student: played sports and was a good student. I am 6 feet tall with brown
hair and eyes and maybe just a little bit better than average looking.
While I played all sports, I liked swimming best. Like everyone in my
graduating class, I went on to a university. However, I was not sure what I
wanted to do and decided that until I knew what I wanted, it would be a
waste of time to stay in school. So with the blessing of my parents; I
dropped out of school during the second semester of my freshman year.

Almost immediately, I received my draft notice. Uncle Sam and the United
States Army wanted me. So early one morning, I boarded a bus and was on my
way to Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.

Now if you have never served in the military, let me give you some
background information. The first stop at Ft. Leonard Wood was the
Reception Station. This is where they give you a physical exam; fitted you
with uniforms and you took a number of tests to determine what you would do
in the Army.

I think that the Reception Station was a bit of a shock for some of the
boys. First of all there were 50 of us in the barracks. The latrine was
really different from what most of us were used to. In the morning there
was a large metal trash can with a plastic lining and that is where
everyone was to pee. I never found out why they were collecting our urine.
There also was a 5-foot urinal against a wall. It could accommodate 5 or 6
of us peeing at the same time. There was a row of 6 toilets and none of the
stalls had doors. That is because there were no stalls. You could carry on
a conversation with the man sitting on your right and on your left. Then
there were 4 sinks and mirrors; that is where you brushed your teeth and
shaved. Then there was a shower area that could accommodate 6 men.

Once everything was finished at the reception station we were sent to our
BCT Unit. That is Basic Combat Training Unit. There were about 200 of us
housed in four barracks. The area also had a mess hall, orderly room and
supply room.

Almost immediately our training started, and for the next 8 weeks we were
up at 5:00 am for 6 days a week. You became friends with every one on your
barracks. But you were closest to the man that was your bunkmate. Jeff
Morris was my bunkmate.. We also became friends with the two men at the
bunk to our right and to our left. No matter what we did, the 6 of us were
always close together.

It was near the end of the 7th week that we found out were we would go for
our AIT. That is Advanced Individual Training. Jeff and I were lucky enough
to both be sent to clerk-typist school right here at Ft. Leonard Wood. But
we did get 1 weeks leave after we graduated from BCT. We went home and it
was nice to seen friends and family.

But that week went by so fast and then we were back at Ft. Leonard Wood.
When Jeff came back he brought his car with him. He had to park if off post
in a secure parking lot, but at least we now had a way to go places.
Clerk-typist school was a breeze for Jeff and I. Both of us knew how to
type before we got there and learning the procedures was not difficult, you
just need some common sense. When we were nearing the end of clerk typist
school everyone was wondering where we would be sent. I was hoping for a
Fort Ord in California, as I was tired of Midwest winters. Unfortunately, I
was assigned to the garrison unit at Fort Leonard Wood! The only good thing
about that was that Jeff was going there also.

The garrison unit was the unit that ran the post head quarters. A general
commanded it. It was a good assignment except that sometime we had to wear
our class A uniform and had to be on our best behavior.

Since Jeff had his car, he was able to get promotion to park it on base.
And that made things easier. And since we were no long recruits, we had
more freedom. We went somewhere off post almost every weekend. Of course
Waynesville is right off the post. We discovered a nice small town called
Rolla not to far from the base. We went there regularly.