Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu, 5 Jul 2007 10:40:02 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jacrod Paine
Subject: Adventures In/Out of Uniform  -  Meating SSG Stever Draper

ADVENTURES IN/OUT OF UNIFORM:

		Meating SSG Steve Draper

	Being stationed at Fort Dix, NJ, about an hour from
New York City and Philadelphia, PA certainly did
improve my love life. It was great for military guys -
gays, bis, and anything else you might want. Gary
introduced me to gay bars, clubs,  movie houses and
bath houses; and then someone at Dix mentioned that
there was a lot of action at the Philly Y.  Every
weekend and day off I was at one place or another
getting laid.  An during the week, if one of my army
buddies talked about getting laid, I could talk about
it too.  Actually, he was talking about fucking some
girl he picked up in a bar, or some hooker who was
charging just for a blow job.  While I was, of course,
getting laid,  getting blow jobs in dark corners or on
a pier, or fucking a hot mouth or ass in bar or club
or a quickie at a gay movie house or fucking and
sucking my way through a lot of guys at a Y or a bath
house.  Now this did not cover the number of private
parties and orgies I was invited too, in private home,
apartments and lofts in New York City, Philadelphia,
upper New York state, New Jersey.  Hell, it was a
fucking, sucking paradise for a horny twenty-something
with a constantly hard 7 uncut inch cock.

	Some of the bars that Gary introduced me to were gay
cruising bars, but a few were just a friendly
neighborhood type bar that catered mostly to the gay
crowd who didn't want the loud music and constant rush
of cruising.  Just a place where a couple of friends
could meet, talk, have a few brews and leave together,
alone or with someone new they just met or were
introduced too.  I was in one of those bars one night,
sitting at the bar with a friend who had started as a
sex partner and had evolved into a friend.  We would
meet at this bar, since it was only a couple of blocks
from his third floor walkup; it was a comfortable
place and most everyone knew everyone else either in
the biblical sense or by sight.  My friend and I were
sitting talking about whatever, and a man came up
beside me and order a beer from the bartender.  With
only about six or seven people at the bar there was
plenty of room at the bar for him to place an order;
but he stood beside me  -  well within my comfort
zone.

	I glanced over at him wondering what this was about,
he just smiled at me and waited there for the
bartender to return with his beer.  I returned to
talking to my friend and I felt a hand move to the
small of my back, I stiffen up and  looked at the man
standing beside me and he continued to smile at me.
His hand moved to my belt and proceeded to try to run
his fingers into the back of my jeans, but since my
belt and jeans were a little tight he didn't get far.
At that moment, the bartender returned with his beer
and he paid for his drink and said, "Thanks!";  but
was looking at me with that same shit-eating grin on
his face.

	My friend noticed that I kept looking back to the
man, and ask if there was a problem.  I said no  -
just some people have smaller comfort zone than other
people, I guess.  He got a perplexed look on his face
and we returned to our conversation.  We talked for
another hour, before my friend decided to leave,
inviting me back to his place.  However, I was
intending to go up town to one of the baths to spend
the night and enjoy a little playing, so I begged off.
 I was finishing up my drink, when the bartender sat
another drink in front of me.  I informed him I had
not ordered another drink, and the bartender informed
me that the man, who nodded, to indicate which man,
was sitting in the corner behind me,  had ordered me
another drink to be delivered when my friend left.  I
turned and looked into the corner, and it was the guy
who had been trying to feel me up ....   or down,
whichever way you want to look at it.

	I stood up and with the drink in-hand walked to his
table, and started to speak, when he spoke first, "I
thought your friend would never leave and I was afraid
you would go home with him, rather than coming back to
my hotel room with me!"  I looked at him and he still
retained that shit-eating grin on his face, and I
said, "And you figure one drink would get me back to
your room and you could get in my pants?  I maybe
easy, but I am not THAT cheap!"  I started to sat the
drink down on his table and turn and leave; but he
said, "No I don't think you are easy or cheap; but I
do think that I have been setting here for over an
hour waiting for you. And I do think you are worth
waiting for!"  I smiled at him, pulling out a chair
and sitting down, said, "Hell!,  with such sweet talk,
you may very well get in my pants tonight, after all."
 He smiled as I sat down, and said, "I certainly hope
so, and you can have your way with me, too."  We
looked at each other and laughed and ordered another
round of drinks.

	We sat, had a couple more drinks,  and talked for
over an hour.  He told me his name was Steve and he
came into the bar frequently but had never seen me at
the bar before.  I told him that I came to this bar to
meet friends who lived in the neighborhood, but very
seldom, did I pick up a guy here.  I wondered how long
before he would get around to it; so finally he
broached the subject,  "Well you want to come back to
my hotel room and get laid?"  I said, "Since you such
a great romantic, lets go back to your room and see
what happens."  We got up and walked out of the club
and I followed his lead, not knowing which hotel he
was staying at.  We walked about six blocks and came
to a second rate hotel, which most of the clientele
was weekly or monthly residents.  We entered the lobby
and Steve stopped at the desk and picked up his key
and the night clerk smiled knowingly at us.  Getting
in the elevator, Steve pushed the button for the
fourth floor and I said, "Well seems the night clerk
knows you and your business!"  Steve smiled and moved
beside me and put his arm around my waist, pulling me
against him, he said, "Well he's probably heard all
the men moaning and groaning in my room, and all the
rumors about what a great lover I am."  I laughed, and
said, "Or at least, what a great bull-shitter you
are."

	Steve leaned into kiss me, when the elevator came to
a jolting stop on our floor.  Steve gave me a peck on
the cheek and said, "I guess you'll have to wait until
we get into the room."  I smiled, and said, "I can
barely stand the anticipation of this great romance."
I followed Steve from the elevator and down the hall
to his room.  He inserted the key and unlocked the
door and walked inside and I followed him.  He stood
to the side and after I entered he closed and locked
the door.  I turned to see what would be his next
move; when he caught me unaware, and pushed me back
against the wall and shoved his tongue down my throat.
 I pushed him off me and said, "Damn we got all night,
you don't have to rush this thing."  He smiled and
said, "Sorry I been wanting to kiss you every since I
first saw you."  I said, "I think I got that idea
already."  His hands were on my chest massaging my
pecs and he looked at me, and said somewhat gleefully,
"Anyway that was a medical checkup."  "And what were
you checking for?",  I asked.  He said, "To see if you
still had your tonsils."  I looked at him and asked,
"You can't use a light and tongue depressor, like the
doctor?"  "Oh no, this is a more thorough exam, and
more intimate for both the patient and the doctor."  I
guess I looked a little doubtful, and asked, "Oh,
you're a medical doctor?"  He said, "No but I do wear
whites, I'm a chef."  I laughed and said, "Well I have
seen your beside manners, I certainly hope you cook
better!"

	We moved to the center of the room near the bed, I
could see that he evidently had taken a nap that
afternoon before heading out for his evening of
conquest.  He faced and leaning into me put his hands
over my pecs and moved them down and around my waist
and pulled me into him and kissed me.  His tongue
dueled with mine for a little while and he pulled back
and moved his lips to my neck and started biting my
neck and ear lobe and his hands started pulling my
t-shirt from my jeans.  I ran my hands up his back and
moved one hand to the back of neck and enjoyed the
sensations that he was creating in neck and lower
regions.  He moved his hands to my front and extracted
the front of the t-shirt from the jeans and said,
"Up!"  I pulled back and looking at him said, "Huh?"
"Put your arms up so I can pulled your t-shirt over
your head."  "Oh, that's a new command, I'm not
familiar with."

	He said, "I would think as much as you have slept
around you would be aware of that command."  "Funny!"
I said, but raised my arms over my head, and he pulled
my t-shirt over my head, catching my dog tags in the
maneuver and dropping the t-shirt on the floor.  His
hands moved back to massaging my pecs as he chewed and
bit into my neck and then running his hands over my
back to my lower back and ran his fingers underneath
my jeans and shorts waistband.  He returned to kissing
and deep frenching me and moved his hands to my belt
buckle and undid it.  He then unbuttoned my jeans and
ran the zipper down and ran a hand into my jeans and
groped the bulge in my briefs.  "Damn man, no one
wears shorts when they go to club to pickup some one
for sex.", he said.  I looked at him and said, "I
wasn't planning on meeting someone for sex, I was just
having a drink with a friend, till you came along."
"Hell man, anything as cute as your ass in those tight
ass jeans should realized that hes going to have guys
dropping their pants when he walks in."  he explained.
 I leaned forward and kissed him and said, "Well,
until I met you no one every dropped their pants so
quickly."  He laughed and said, "Hell boy,  who's
almost naked here and who's still dressed?"

	I laughed, he was right I was almost naked, and said,
"Well lets fix that right now."  I proceeded to
unbutton his shirt and pushed it over his shoulders
and down his arms dropping it on the floor.  I dropped
and kneeling pulled his sneakers off without bothering
to untie them and then removed his socks.  Reaching up
to his jeans, I nuzzled his bulge running down his leg
and unbuttoned his jeans - they were 501s, so that
took a few minutes; in which I continued lick and kiss
the more than ample bulge in his crotch.  Pulling his
jeans down, his seven inch hard cock almost hit me in
the face; and I pushed his jeans down to his ankles
and stood up facing him.  Taking him by the hand I
pulled forward and out of his jeans, and said, "Now we
can work on me."

	Steve put his hands on my chest and pushed me
backwards landing on the bed on my back; and he
crawled up on the bed and lay on top of me kissing and
our tongues continued the duel that we had began
earlier.  He quickly moved down to my neck and chewed
and sucked  -  probably leaving hickeys that I would
have to explain on Monday morning at work.  He took my
cock in his hand and slowly licked the precum from the
head of my cock.  He then began to lick up and down
the staff of my cock, just like a lollipop.  He used
his hand and moved my cock and balls up and out his
way and started licking underneath the balls;  I
thought he was going further with his licking, but
stuck a finger in his mouth and moved his finger to
the entry of my asshole and inserted it.  He returned
to sucking my cock and handing jiving it and fingering
my ass.

	He slowly added a second and then a third saliva
moist finger to my hole and was pushing in and pulling
out creating a great deal warm friction in my ass.  I
was enjoying it all; when he swung his hips around and
centered his cock over my mouth and I reached up and
licked the precum off his cock and starting jacking
the cock with one hand and sucking his cock.
Alternating between jacking his cock in my mouth and
running my hand over his ass cheeks above my head and
his pecs and sides, I was enjoying his body as much as
I was enjoying his administering to my cock and ass.

	He pulled off my cock and again swinging his hips
around he moved between my legs and grabbing me under
my knees lifted my legs and placed the ankles over his
shoulders.  He lifted his hard cock and aligned it up
with my lubed hole and creeping forward on his knees,
inserted the head into the asshole.  He relaxed and
looked into my eyes, "Give you a moment to get ready
for a fucking."  I said, "Thanks, that may take a more
than a moment to get use to it."  "Well that will give
me a moment to gloated.", he said.  I looked at him
and said, "Gloat? Why do you need to gloat?"  "Well,
its been less than hour since we met, and I have you
back in my room, and I am more in your ass than "in
your pants!"  I smiled and looked up him and said,
"Well as long as we have come this far, lets see what
you can do with that hard cock of yours!"

	Steve quickly swung his hips back withdrawing his
cock til just the head was at the entrance and then
rammed his cock to the hilt in my ass and it made me
catch my breath and moan.  And he said, "How's it
working so far?"   I said, as soon as I had caught my
breath, "Its a good beginning!  Carry-on!"  Steve
began to ram his cock in and out of my ass hole in a
frenzy, riding my ass like a pony express rider with
10,000 hair scalping indians on his heels.  I was
enjoying the assault, for that's what it was, more
like the man had not had a hot tight hole to fuck and
had been at sea for six months.  But he didn't last
long before he tensed up, and I knew, he was shooting
his hot cum up my ass, and he collapsed on me in a
sweat drenched heap.

	I rolled him off of me and repositioned him on his
belly, and kneeling between his legs, pushed them
apart and scooted between them.  Placing my thumbs
into the crack his ass and with my hands on his cheeks
spread his ass so that his male pussy was clearly
visionable.  I spit a couple gobs of saliva into the
crack onto the entry of his asshole and with a finger
started massaging it into the hole that I planned on
ramming my hard cock.  I followed that finger with a
second and a third before Steve became aware of what I
was doing, he glanced around over his shoulder and
said, "And what have you got planned for my manhole?"
I smiled at him, reaching up and kissing the side of
his mouth that I could reach, and said, "Just a little
payback in kind for the fucking I just received."
"Oh, so now I become your bitch!"  I smiled and said,
"Exactly!"  And placing the head of my hardon at the
entry to his ass, I pushed my cock into his ass two or
three inches, and said, "My Bitch, exactly!"

	Steve gasped and said, "Damn man, I didn't notice
that thing was so big."  I laughed, and said, "It kind
of grows in you." and then proceeded to fuck him long
and hard.  Finally I dropped my load in his ass and
dropped down beside him and nuzzled to his neck, I
said, "Damn you certainly know how to entertain a
man."  He rolled over to his side facing me and kissed
me, long and deep frenching me.  We lay there and
talked and slept and fucked again.  We spend the rest
of the weekend together in that hotel room; leaving
only to eat and then returning showering together and
then fucking and sucking and sleeping.

	Steve and I became good friends and fuck buds and
would meet every once in a while at the same
neighborhood bar.  It was probably the second or third
such meeting that I learned that he was army and
stationed at Ft Dix.  However, he knew I was military
from the first, mainly because I had short hair; and
he had seen my dog tags that first night, but had said
nothing about them.  What was interesting he was the
commanding generals night chef or cook as the army
says.  He had quarters in the basement of the generals
quarters and was on call most nights and weekends for
food preparation and parties; if nothing was going on
and he wasn't on duty,  he was free to do as he
pleased.  So we knew where each ones quarters were and
we would meet and go to a movie, get a beer, or just
hang out; but neither one of us wanted to take the
chance of having sex on post.

	One night, being free, I dropped by his room to see
if he wanted to go get a burger and beer and entered
the side door to the basement area where his quarters
were located.  I walked down the hallway to his door
and knocked,  I heard people moving about inside
making rustling noises.  And then Steve's voice,
"Who's there?"  I answered, "It's me Steve."  "Ok,
give me a moment."  A few minutes later the door
slowly opened a crack and Steve looked at me, and
said, "Quick get in here!"  I quickly moved inside, he
closed and locked the door and I looked across the
room at a young man on Steve's bed, naked and jacking
on his hard cock.

	Steve was only dressed in his white cook pants and I
could see that those were tented out in front with his
hard cock.  He quickly dropped his pants and moved
back to the bed and sat with his back against a pillow
against the back board; and the young man proceeded to
sucking Steve's cock, just as if nothing had happen.
Steve introduced the young man and he came off Steve's
cock long enough to say hi and returned to
administering to Steve's cock.  I said, "Steve are you
crazy having sex in your quarters."  "Hey, he was here
and available; besides did you catch his name?"  "No,
whats so important about his name?"  The boy pulled
back from Steve's cock and said, "My dad's the
general!"  and went back to sucking and licking
Steve's cock and balls.  I stood there a while
dumbfounded!

	Steve looked at me and said, "Strip, he's got a
hungry hole that needs filling."  "Damn, you both
crazy."  However, I was dropping my clothes on the
floor and moving to the bed.  Climbing up on the bed
behind the boy and fingering his ass, I found it was
already lubed and loose.  I quickly inserted my hard
cock and started rocking back and forth pistoning my
hardon into the boys ass and said, "Hell, we're all
crazy!"  But I did enjoy the boy's ass; as well as his
other assets.

	I found out later that the generals son was a 24 year
old grad student at a university, visiting his parents
for the summer.  He also told me later that when his
dad had first became a general, his first aide had
introduced him to man to man sex as a teenager, and he
found, he liked it better than sex with his
girlfriend, and besides he didn't have to worry about
getting pregnant.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 3 Jul 2007 19:36:58 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jacrod Paine
Subject: Adventures in/out of Uniform  -  The Farmer in the Dale

ADVENTURES IN/OUT OF UNIFORM

		Farmer in the Dale

	I had been stationed at Ft Dix, NJ for several months
and enjoying all the sights and sounds of the area.
One thing I did enjoy is ABS  -  Adult Bookstores  -
in New York City and Philadelphia, there seem to be
several on every street.  Most were within a couple of
blocks of the bus station; and since most of the GIs
at that time had no cars most of the transportation
was by bus.  I found the ABS with no trouble, and
found a lot of action either in the booths, glory
holes, or sometimes with the clerks in the office.
But one thing that I did discover that I really
learned to enjoy and rely on was the local gay
newspaper.

	Almost every big city and some rural areas had gay
newspapers with classified section.  A lot of gay
magazines had classified section with some people
advertising based upon their own personal interests,
such as the leather mag - The Drummer.  But the
newspapers were usually localized in nature, so I
started reading the classified sections for sex
partners outside the cities.  One in particular caught
my eye  -  he was a man living alone on a farm, north
of Philadelphia and his ad looked very interesting and
I answered his ad.

	A couple of weeks later I got an answer to my inquiry
and he was interested in my visiting him.  So I wrote
back and ask for a good time and directions, got an
answer within a couple of days this time.  He gave me
directions to his farm which was out in the country
and told me that no one answered the door to come to
the barn, he was usually working somewhere on the farm
and he would plan on staying around the barnyard on
the day I was to visit. We talked on the telephone
several time, before I was able to get some time off
and borrow a car for the trip up.  But, finally, I was
on my way!   I left about 7 AM on a Friday morning and
figured it would take a couple of hours to drive to
Philadelphia and then north through the country to his
farm.  Stopping for breakfast I arrived about 10 AM
and knocked on the door; when no one answered I walked
around to the back and seeing the barn, headed across
the barnyard to the barn.

	The barn doors were closed and inserted into on of
the doors that opened to the barn bay, was a smaller
door that was opened by a latch for entry without
opening the larger doors.  I called out and knocked on
the barn door and heard a rustling sound from inside
and the door was opened by an older man.  He was in
his early 40's, stood perhaps 5' 10", weighing in at
about a 175 pounds, dark brown hair and eyes, and the
dark brown hair was thickly covering his chest and
running down across his flat stomach and forming a
dark triangle of fur around a rather large and thick 7
inch uncut cock.  He made no move to cover himself,
and opening the door he said, "You must be Jack?"  I
said, still staring at his erection and licking my
lips, "yeah".  And extending my right hand, he grasped
it and shook it, and said, "Nice to see you, I see you
didn't have any problems following my directions."  I
said, "No they were very clear, and it's nice to SEE
YOU!", still staring at his cock.

	He laughed and shut and latched the door behind me.
He said, "An old friend of mine dropped by and we
having a little fun in the hay stacks, and hope you
will join us."  I looked at him and said, "I am sure I
would be happy too."  He laughed and led me around a
stack hay bales that went five or six high, and behind
this was some more hay bales stack about two high with
what appeared to be an old movers quilt, that movers
used to move heavy wooden furniture.  Upon the bales
of hay and the quilt a young man lay - naked as the
farmer.  He appeared to be in his early 20's, looked
to be about six feet tall with black hair and either a
nice tan or dark complexion  -  couldn't really tell
from the light coming from the bulbs at the top of the
barn.  He was lying on his back running his right hand
up and down a hard cock that was standing erect from
his groin and appeared to be about six inches cut.

	By way of introduction, the farmer waved in his
direction and told me he was a farmers son from the
next farm, and he had caught his farm hand fucking the
boy when he was about fourteen, and he had fucked both
the farm hand and the boy till the farm hand had left
for another job; but he had giving him a good
recommendation.   I'll bet!   And the boy had remained
and loved to get fucked; and, he had been fucking the
boy on a regular basis, since then;  and he had
dropped by this morning, and he figured both of us
could enjoy him.  As this was transpiring, the farmer
had walked up to the boy and the boy had leaned over
and started sucking the farmer's cock.  I had started
dropping my clothes, since clothes were already
scattered all over the floor.  Soon I was naked and
the farmer moved and offered me the use of the boys
mouth, and I was happy to accommodate him, after all,
I was the guest.

	I had the boys head in my hands and turned his head
so he could accommodate my cock and soon he was
slurping my cock  - big time!  He was a good cock
sucker and I watched as the farmer move between the
boys legs and spread them with his hands and lay them
over his shoulders and aligned his cock with the boys
cunt hole.  He slowly inserted his ample cock into the
boys ass and the boy barely made a sound other than
slurping my cock.  The farmer had evidently lubed the
boys ass and had probably been fucking his hole for a
while before I arrived.

	The farmer was getting into his pistoned action with
his cock ramming it in and pulling it out of the boys
hole.  And the boy was moaning, groaning, and grunting
as the cock applied pressure to his enter organs and
was making these sounds around my cock, which by now
was slick with my precum and the boys saliva and his
humming and moaning only enhanced the pleasure
connected to my cock.  The farmer kept up a rough pace
of fucking the boys ass and the boy seemed to enjoy
the ruff sex.  The farmer would every once in a while
between pushing and pulling his cock out of the boys
hole, slap the boys ass cheeks with his hand and the
boy would jump and suck even harder on my cock.  The
boys mouth was so good a couple of times I had to put
pressure under my balls to keep from cuming;  I wanted
to cum, but I wanted to breed the boy's ass.

	A few minutes later the farmer started panting and
grunting like a drunk sailor and suddenly stiffened up
and I knew he was shooting his load up the boys ass.
He fell over the boys body and the boy continued to
suck my cock.  A few minutes and the farmer had gained
his regular breathing and pulled out of the boys ass;
and the boy let go of my cock and looked at the farmer
and smiled.  The farmer looked at me and said, "You
want some of this ass?"  "I sure do.", I said with a
shit-eaten grin and looked down at the boy and he was
grinning too.

	The farmer moved back and I took his place between
the boys legs and laying them over my shoulders,
inserted my cock into the boy's well lube cunt.  As I
started moving in and out the boys ass, the farmer
moved to the boys head and the boy grabbed onto his
still hard cock and started cleaning his cock of the
cum and juices from his own ass.   I could see both
the boy and the farmer was enjoying themselves, and so
was I.  Even if the boys ass was well lubed and loosen
up somewhat, it was still a tight ass that was causing
friction between my cock and the walls of his rectum.


	I very quickly started feeling the boiling of cum in
my balls and up the staff of my cock and was soon
shooting my load of cum into the boys cunt along with
the deposit from the farmer.  I lay on top of the boy
till I got my breathe back and he let go of the
farmers cock and I leaned up and kissed him.  I
released his legs and moved around to stand beside the
farmer and we started kissing and making out;  the boy
dropped off the hay bales and kneeling before us
started alternating sucking our cocks.  We spent the
rest of the afternoon, sucking fucking and enjoying
each others bodies.  I fucked both guys and both guys
fucked me and deposited a load up my ass.  If the
action slowed the boy was between our legs sucking our
cocks into full-blown hardons and the action begin
again.

	The farmer finally said that he was wore out;  hell,
so was I.  So the boy got into his clothes and left
and the farmer lay on the hay bales for a while,
either passed out or resting, never figured out which,
before we finally got up and started getting dressed
and I had to make that long drive back to Ft Dix.  As
we dressed and walked across the barnyard to my car,
we kissed and grope our way along to the car.  As I
was leaving, I ask the farmer, "What was the boy's
name?"  He looked at me and smiled and said, "Dale"!
 I was half way back to Dix before it hit me why he
was smiling that way.   The Farmer in the Dale!!!!

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2007 08:48:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jacrod Paine
Subject: Brian's Story Part II

ADVENTURES IN/OUT OF UNIFORM

	BRIAN'S STORY:  BRIAN AND THE FARMER'S SON
				PART II

	Brian started stroking his own hard cock and then
Daniel started pulling out and pushing his cock into
the boys ass, and soon Brian's hand moved from his
cock, cause the friction Daniel was causing in his
rectum was generating to the boys hard cock.  Daniel
moved his knees under the boys ass and pushing his
legs on either side of his head and started ramming
his cock up the boys ass and listening to the boy moan
and groan, the boy was enjoying the hard cock in his
ass, especially when it hit his boy buzzer inside his
rectum.  Soon Daniel and Brian both was panting and
pushing quickly to a great orgasm  -  Brian came first
shooting his cum all over his chest and face and that
brought Daniel off breeding the boys ass with his hot
man juice.


	End Part I  To be Continued.



THE STORY CONTINUES:

	Daniel dropped the boys legs and collapsed upon the
boys body,  he lay there.  They lay together
intertwined trying to catch their breath and coming
down from a sexual high.  Daniel rolled off the boy
and gathering him in his arms kissed him deeply; and
pulling back whispered to Brian, "Kid, you the
greatest fuck and I love that tight boy butt of
yours."  Brian smiled up into Daniels face, and
whispered back,  "It's yours you trained me   -  to be
a good farm hand ( or mouth or ass)!"  And they both
laughed.

	Things continued on over the next few weeks more or
less as they had before.  The only major difference is
that Daniel fucked Brian every morning or evening or
dropped a load down his throat;  but either way Brian
enjoyed his training.  As the weather continued to
warm up, Daniel started into wearing cutoff jeans  -
cut off and hemmed just below the crotch area  -  and
along with them started wearing a black jockey strap.
A few days after he started wearing the cutoffs he
called Brian into the barn and gave him two wrapped
boxes.   Brian looked at Daniel and said, "What's this
for?  It's not my birthday or anything."   Daniel
wrapped his arm around Brian's neck and pulled him
into his chest and said, "Can't a farmer give his best
farm hand a gift  -  so he will look like a real farm
hand."   Brian looked into Daniels face and reached up
kissed him and mumbled his thanks and started opening
the larger of the two boxes.  Inside was a pair of
cutoff jeans just like Daniels, and Brian explained,
"Hot Damn!  They so cool!",  looking at Daniel he
beamed his approval.  He then turned to the smaller
box, wonder what could be in such a small box.
Tearing into the wrapping paper and dropping it on the
floor, he extracted a red jockey strap and looking at
Daniel said,  "Now this hot!"  "Thanks load!"  Daniel
laughed and said to Brian,  "Yeah they hot, but they
going be hotter still on that cute little ass of
yours.  Try them on and let's see how that jock frames
those choice buns of yours!"

	Brian quickly took his boots off and dropped his
jeans and briefs and donned the jock strap and turning
his ass in Daniel direction, he shook his ass, and
said laughingly, "How's this framed ass now, Farmer
man?"  Daniel walked over and ran his hand over
Brian's upturned ass cheeks and said, "Let me show
you!"  Dropping his cutoffs and pulling his harding
cock from his pouch, he pumped it till it stood firm
and tall and proceeded to ram his hard cock into
Brian's boy pussy.  Brian was breathing heavily and
grunting with each impact of the cock to the depths of
his ass.  He was enjoying a good fucking and he was
giving Daniel a lot of pleasure through his man size
cock.  Daniel reached around with right hand and
pulled Brian's hard cock from the jock strap pouch and
starting jacking his cock.  Soon both were panting,
grunting, groaning and moaning, reaching a sexual high
that one man can only give to another man.

	"Time flys when you having fun!"  And Daniel and
Brian were having fun and even getting some work done
on the farm.  But one morning when Brian arrived on
his bike, Mr Dunlop and Daniel were standing outside
talking.  Brian got off his bike and leaned his bike
against the side of the house where he lefted it every
morning and stood waiting, not wanting to intruded
upon what appeared to be a serious discussion.  Mr
Dunlop turned to Brian and said, "Brian, we need to
talk to you.  This effects you as well!"   Brian
walked up and stood to the side of the two men and
waited to see what would happen next.  Mr Dunlop
cleared his throat and looking at Brian said,  "Brian,
Mrs Dunlop's mother is ill and not expected to
recover.  Her family has been called in and I am
driving Momma to her family.  We expect to be gone two
weeks or more,  probably more."  Stopping and looking
Daniel, he went on,  "Daniel will be here to keep
things running and I hope you will be available to
help him.  I called and talked to your parents this
morning and they have agreed for you to remain on the
farm,  unless Daniel sees no need for you, then he
will send you home.  You and Daniel can work out those
arrangements after we leave, for we have to get on the
road.  I appreciate your helping us out like this, and
your paycheck will reflect the extra hours and
effort."  With that Mr Dunlop wrapped his arm around
Daniels shoulder and walked to his car as Mrs Dunlop
walked out of the house.  Brian could see she was
composed, but even so, he could see she was upset; she
smiled at Brian as Brian opened the car door and
helped her in and softly closed the door and stepped
back.  Mr Dunlop started the car and waved as his wife
joined him, at Daniel and Brian, and then turning the
car onto the dirt road that led from the farm up to
the main road.

	Daniel spent the rest of the day talking and working
out the details of what would happen while the Dunlops
were away.  They also finished the chores that Daniel
had set for the day; and finished up in the tack room
with Daniel's cock ramming Brian's butt and bringing
them both off again.  They lay in each others arms and
whispered to each other about the next two weeks  -
would be their "Honeymoon"!  Brian slept each night in
the tack room and for the most part so did Daniel.
Daniel only stayed up at the house when he knew his
parents would be calling to keep him up to date about
his grandmothers condition.  One morning Daniel and
Brian had finished the chore by 10 o'clock in the
morning and Daniel had not approached Brian for sex.
Brian was surprised that Daniel had not pulled his
hard cock out of his cutoffs and told him to suck it
or to bend over or "on your back, boy!".   It had
puzzled Brian, but he assumed that he was worried
about his grandmother's condition.  After finishing
the chores, Brian said, "Well, what do you have
planned for the rest of the day?"  Daniel threw his
arm over Brian's shoulders and said, "Well, boy, lets
walk outside and see what comes up."   They walked
outside and across the barnyard to the fence that
divided the barnyard from the backyard of the house
and Daniel leaned against the fence with his arms
folded over the fence top rail.  Brian looked at
Daniel with a puzzled expression and followed suit.

	Daniel leaned over placing a hand behind Brian's head
pulled him over and placed a lip lock on him and they
proceeded to have a tongue duel that almost took
Brian's breath away.  As they were breaking the kiss,
Brian heard a car coming down the dirt road; since the
only house on the dirt road from the main road was the
Dunlop's place, they had to be coming there.  Brian
was disappointed, cause things were finally heating up
this morning and now company was coming.  An old green
truck pulled into the backyard to the accompanying
screeching of the tires and dust and rocks being
thrown into the air.  Even before it came to a halt,
Brian could see it was an old green truck that was
badly faded were it wasn't rusted metal and had four
ball tires  -  damn he thought to himself, that thing
is a danger on the road!  Out of the dust cloud raised
by the truck two men got out, one was well over six
feet tall and wide shoulders and trim waist that
looked to be in his late 30s.  The younger man with
him was closer to Brian's age, but Brian probably had
some inch or two on height; but his build was about
the same and cute with reddish-blond hair and covered
with freckles.  But the thing that really got Brian's
attention was the fact that both men's cock were
sticking straight out of their jeans and especially
the older guys cock was sparkling slick with saliva
and precum.   However, more amazing to Brian was the
fact that the younger mans cock was so large, he was
more on the size of Daniels cock, about nine inches
and on the younger thinner boy looked a lot larger.

	The walked up to about a foot from the fence and
stopped and the older man folded his arms across his
chest, and said, "Daniel, I understand you got a new
pussy boy here and I thought I might come and see if
he's a good fuck."  Daniel chuckled to himself, and
looking at Brian said,  "Brian the old man with the
short dick is named Chet; and the good looking redhead
is named Mark, he was a couple of years ahead of you
in school, so you may know him."  Brian did not recall
seeing either one of these men, but being polite, he
said,  "No I don't think I have ever met them before;
but from what I can see I think we will get alone very
well."  Chet laughed, and said, "Hot damn boy, I knew
I was going to like that cute little ass that Daniel
has been bragging about for weeks."  Chet stepped up
to the fence and climbed to the top railing and set
down, Brian stepped back from the railing as Chet sat
with his cock almost in Brian's face.  Chet smiled
down to Brian and said, "Well boy lets see what you
can do with a hard cock to start with!"  Brian looked
over to Daniel for some guidance, and Daniel barely
nodded his agreement and Brian stepped up to the
railing and took Chet's cock into his mouth.

	Chet placed his hands on the top and back of Brian's
head and guided him in his cock sucking duties, he
threw his legs over Brian's shoulders and for all
intents and purposes locked him into place on his
cock.  Brian sensed more than felt someone move to his
rear, with Chet's hands and legs holding him in place
he could look back and see who it was.  Someones hands
moved around his waist and undid the button to his
jeans and pulling the tab down unzipped his jeans and
they fell to his ankles.  Hands were fondling his jock
strap pouch and then moved to his chest tweaking and
pinching his tits.  The body moved against him and he
could feel an erection aligned with his butt crack and
a hot breathe against his neck.  Lips and tongue
traced goose bumps across his shoulders and neck and
teeth even bite into the skin and he was enjoying the
attention and brought his cock to full attention.

	Into the daze he heard Daniels voice,  "Come on guys,
lets move this into the tack room; where you guys can
be comfortable."  Chet released Brian's head and said,
"Hell yes, I want some of that cute ass, probably more
than once,"  and he laughed looking down into Brian's
eyes.  Brian moved his head to the side to catch a
glimpse of Mark as moved away from him, enough to see
his large cock and wondered if that would be up his
ass today.   They moved into the barn and Chet was
shedding his clothes as he went, and once inside the
barn, he heard Daniel latch the barn door from the
inside and knew that there was going to be some good
times fucking and sucking with interruptions.  By the
time they got to the tack room, Chet sat in a chair
removing his boots and socks and dropping his jeans,
no underwear.  Brian dropped to his knees in front of
Chet and took up where he left off on his engorged
cock.  From the corner of his eyes, he saw Mark strip
and quickly he was standing naked beside Chet offering
his own hard cock for servicing.

	Daniel sat on a chair and removed his boots and
dropped his jeans and remained sitting there in his
black jock strap, stroking the rather obscene bulge.
Brian moved to sucking one cock as he jacked on the
other and then switching back and forth between the
two men.  Chet finally moved the bed and propped
himself on the pillows against the wall,  ordered
Brian between his legs and to continue working on his
cock.  Chet looked at Mark and said, "Get behind him
and loosen up his ass, once its well open and lubed I
want to fuck him missionary style.  Want to watch his
face when hes getting fucked by a hard cocked farmer."
 Mark dropped down behind Brian's ass and started
tonguing and fingering and adding lube from the lube
tub to Brian's inviting upturned buns.  Brian was soon
enjoying the administerings of Mark's tongue and
fingers as much as he was enjoying slurping on Chet's
cock.

	Brian moved his mouth and tongue lower to lick and
suck on Chet's balls, "Damn boy, you got a natural
talent for cock and ball work!", he explained.  As
Brian was tonguing his balls and licking the staff of
his cock, Chet was moaning and groaning, "Enough, I
want to fuck some boy tail and I mean NOW!", Chet seem
to explode.  He quickly brought his legs up and around
and moving Mark, he moved into position behind Brian.
He grabbed Brian on either side of his waist and said,
"Over boy, I want to fuck you so I can see your face."
 Brian quickly moved into position and lay on his back
spreading his legs; Chet scooted into position lifting
Brian's legs to his shoulder and with his right hand
positioning his cock head at the entrance to the boy's
butt hole.  He slowly entered the boy ass watching his
face to ensure he didn't move to fast.  Soon the look
on Brian's face told him that he was no longer feeling
the pain of entry,  so Chet quickly insert the rest of
his cock into the boys shit chute and relaxed.  Once
Brian had relaxed and was use to the invasion of his
ass hole, Chet started sawing his cock in and out the
boys ass.

	Mark moved to the head of the bed and inserted his
cock into Brian's mouth and leaning over turned it
into a 69 when he took Brian's cock into his mouth and
started sucking and licking his cock and balls.  Chet
was in the saddle and riding the boys ass big time.
He quickly came in the boys ass and dropped onto Marks
back;  Mark quickly adjust to the addition weight and
continued his serving of Brian's cock.  Chet gained
his breathe back quickly and rolled off Marks back
onto the bed.  Mark pulled off of Brian's cock and
moved quickly into position between Brian's legs and
lifted his legs to his shoulders and smiling down at
Brian slowly inserted his rather larger cock into
Brian's well lubed boy pussy.  Brian smiled up at Mark
and had a moment or so of pain, since Mark's was a
great deal larger than Chet's;  but since he had been
properly broken in to Daniel's rather large endowment,
he only took a moment to adjust and Mark was banging
his ass like a professional jockey in the Kentucky
Derby riding a winner.  Mark added his load of man
juice to Chet's deposit in Brian's boy cunt and
smiling at Brian. said, "Damn you got the greatest boy
pussy I have ever been in."

	Before Chet and Mark left hours later, Chet fucked
Brian's ass twice more and Brian's took his load down
his throat once and sucked his cock twice.  Mark
fucked Brian's for a second time and dropped two loads
of cum on Brian's face and chest and him and Chet
licked him clean, while he licked their cocks clean.
As they were getting dressed they looked at Daniel who
had not moved from the chair and thanked him for a fun
afternoon and said they would be back for seconds and
thirds and everyone laughed.  Daniel told them they
knew the way out, he had some cleanup to do in the
tack room.  Chet and Mark left to accompanying
laughter and jokes between all four of the men and
Daniel sat there looking at Brian.  Daniel said, "You
enjoyed that, didn't you boy?"  And Brian looked at
Daniel and said, "Yeah, but only cause you want me to
service them!"  Daniel said, "What's that mean?"
Brian moved from off the bed to between Daniel's legs
and with his hands on Daniel's knees he spread
Daniel's legs and licked the enlarged pouch of
Daniel's jock, he said, "I did those guys cause you
wanted me too,  But this is the only cock that I
really love!"  Daniel looked down into Brian's face
and standing up he raised Brian to his feet and kissed
him and breaking the kiss; picked Brian up and moved
the side of the bed and lay him down.  Daniel lay
beside the boy and kissed him and said, "And I love
you!"  And the two men proceeded to make love the rest
of the afternoon.

	Daniel's grandmother died a week or so later and
Daniel went to the funeral and Brian remained on the
farm taking care of things.  Once the Dunlops returned
and things got back to normal. Daniel introduced Brian
to more farmers around the area and Brian learn the
real meaning of "Farmer's Help Each Other Out!".   At
the end of the summer just before school was to start
Mr Dunlop gave Brian his final paycheck, along with a
hefty bonus for all the help he had been during the
family crisis.  The following year Brian returned to
the farm to help Daniel out and also for sex;
sometimes Daniel would pick Brian up and take him to
parties with other men, not just farmers.   On Brian's
he got his car and he and his father selected a coupe
for him.  He overheard his father tell his mother that
he got him to take the coupe, so he wouldn't have a
backseat to get into trouble.  The day after his
birthday party, he got a call from Daniel to come to
the farm.  He quickly got dressed  and went to the
farm, and met Daniel.  Daniel admired his new car and
Brian told him what he had overheard from his parents
and they laughed.  Daniel said, "If your parents only
knew, if you had been a girl, you would have been
knocked up a year ago!"  And they did laugh then!  For
his birthday present Daniel let Brian fuck him for the
first time.

	Brian still had his last year in school to finish.
But he spent as much time as possible on the farm,
working or getting fucked.  And Daniel took Brian to a
lot of other sex parties and invited friends to the
tack room.  After Brian's prom night he dropped his
girl off at her doorstep with a peck on the cheek and
drove to the farm and entered the tack room where
Daniel lay naked and hard waiting on him.  A month or
so later, Brian did the same thing after his
graduation and both men celebrated a young man's prom
and graduation with a great memory.  A month after
graduation Brian told Daniel he had joined the Marines
 -  Daniel was stunned!  But it didn't take Daniel too
long to find a new hired hand for the farm and his
cock!

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2007 20:16:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jacrod Paine
Subject: Brian's Story:  Brian and the Farmer's Son

ADVENTURES IN/OUT OF UNIFORM

	BRIAN'S STORY:  BRIAN AND THE FARMER'S SON

	One thing that I enjoy doing is finding out how other
guys were introduced to man to man sex.  You can read
about my cuming out party in the first installment of
this series.   I have talked to hundreds of guys and
some of the stories are very interesting, some 75 -
80% of the guys came out slowly, as young guys with
other young guys they were introduced to jacking off
by friends or older relatives,  then came circle jerks
with groups.  Then the usual groping and fishing
around until someone introduces them to a blow job,
then they learn the give and take of the situation.
Then some graduate to anal sex and again with give and
take.  Most decide along the way ,who they are, what
they are, and what kind of sex with men they prefer.
Some are introduced by male sex situations by older
male relatives, siblings, uncles, cousins, etc.  Some
are introduced to it by older males they come into
contact with,co-workers, school contacts, and some,
today,  have discovered it on the net.  Some are
introduced to it at a young age, some as young as 8 or
9,  most find out about it as teenagers, which is not
hard to understand, since at that age we are
constantly horny.  Remember the number of times you
carried your school books in front of your jeans cause
you were sporting a hardon.  Some guys were at
college, or in their 20s, 30s, etc.  One man I met
discovered it at 65.

	However one is introduced to it, it stays with you.
One way or the other it influences you for the rest of
your life.  But, now to Brian's Story.  Brian was the
Marine sergeant that introduced me to male sexual
enjoyment in my first installment of this series.  But
Brian's story in some ways is just as interesting or
unique introduction to a young teenager, who never or
rarely thought about having sex with men.

	Brian was fifteen and had just gotten his learner's
permit and looked forward to getting his drivers
license and buying his first car at sixteen  -  a
whole year away, and for a teenager, that's a long
time .  Brian's father was furniture shop worker and
his mother , a stay-at-home mom;  so they had very
little money.  Brian was the youngest in the family  -
 Brian's father called him "Mother's Mistake",  cause
Brian's older sister was in college, and  his brother
was ten years older and married and living on his own;
and Brian came along after they had decided not to
have any more children.  This was not to say that
Brian was not loved and appreciated, he was, and what
more he was the apple of his father and mother's eye.
However, Brian's dad told him if he wanted a car, he
would have to work and get some of the money for it.
Brian lived in a small southern farming town and jobs
for teenager were few and far between; cause this was
primarily a farming community, the only jobs, if you
were lucky to get one was on a farm.

	Enterprising Brian soon found a job working as a farm
hand from the early spring til after harvest at the
Dunlop Farm about 3 miles outside of town.  Mr Dunlop
had talked to Brian and told him the work was going to
be hard, from early in the morning til late at night
or til they lost the light.  Brian was eager to begin,
he was more interested in the money and he was sure
there was nothing on a farm that he couldn't learn and
handle.  Mr Dunlop told Brian that he only worked a
couple of milk cows and some other stock and a few
fields were under cultivation since he was paid by the
federal government program to let his fields lie
fallow most of the time.  Mr Dunlop also informed
Brian for the most part he would take his orders from
his son - Daniel who was the last of his boys to
remain on the farm; Mr Dunlop explained that he very
seldom got involved with the farm work anymore due to
his age.  Daniel was away from the farm the day Brian
talked to Mr Dunlop so they were not introduced at
that time.  However, Mr Dunlop instructed him to be
early each morning, most of the morning chores were
accomplished before 7AM by Daniel:  but Daniel would
need his help doing other things around the farm.

	So starting on Monday morning Brian got up at 5:30
and fixed himself a bowl of cold cereal and then
taking his bike, pedal led the 3 miles to the Dunlop
Farm, to arrive before 7AM and sat on the back porch
til Daniel and Mr Dunlop came out.  Mr Dunlop
introduced Brian to Daniel, who was about 6 feet tall,
thin and lackey,  but heavily muscled from working on
the farm.  He had dark black hair and green eyes that
seemed to sparkle when they looked Brian up and down.
Since it was early spring and rather cool in the
morning, he wore a flannel shirt, jeans, and work
boots.  He put his right hand out and said, "I've
looked forward to meeting you Brian; Dad's said some
nice things about you and," looking at his father,
"seems to expect a lot from us this summer."

	Brian took Daniel's outstretched hand and shaking it,
said, "Nice meeting you, Mr Dunlop, I hope we can work
together well!" If nothing else, his parents had
taught him good southern manners.  Don't see that much
anymore, especially with the younger generations.
Daniel face lite up with a wide smile and he said,
"My father's  -  Mr Dunlop; you can call me Daniel or
Dannie, and I am sure we will work together nicely."

	Mr Dunlop chuckle and said, "I can see you guys are
going to get alone.  Daniel here will introduce you to
way we do things on this farm.  He will give you the
deluxe tour and  initiate you into being a first-class
farm hand by the end of the summer,  perhaps you will
even deciding to be a farmer on your own."   Brian
smiled and glanced at Daniel and then glanced at the
ground,  he had no interest in being a farmer, this
was only to get the money he needed for a car, and he
was sure from the look of Daniel that it would be
physically enhancing too.

	Daniel showed Brian how the farm ran over the next
couple of weeks, introducing him to the animals, feed,
and support  -  like the visits from the vets.  He
also showed him the barn and especially the so called
"tack room".  Mr Dunlop had fixed it up with a bed -
the bed was built into the wall using 4x4s at each
corner and 2x4s nailed to each of the four corners and
rope enter twined with a old tick mattress on top,
shower, running water, and heat  -  Daniel had
explained that the room was usually used for a hired
hand,  but they didn't run enough stock or cultivate
enough acreage to pay for one permanently.   So they
used it for storage and sometimes with a sick animal
or one that was birthing, someone stayed in the "tack
room".  Daniel also explained that on rainy days when
they could not work outdoors they worked in the tack
room or the barn area on larger equipment repair and
maintenance.

	It was almost two weeks later that they had a rainy
day, and Brian had gotten soaked riding in on his
bicycle and then waiting on the back porch til Daniel
showed up.  "Damn boy, you're soaked to the skin!
Lets get to the barn and get you out of those wet
clothes and into some dry ones!"  Daniel turned and
started walking to the barn, in the pouring rain, and
Brian moved into step beside him.  By the time they
got to the barn Daniel shirt was wet and if possible,
Brian was even wetter.  They stepped into the barn and
Daniel headed straight to the tack taking off his
flannel shirt and looking back over his shoulder,
ensuring Brian was still with him, he said,  "Come
into the tack room and I will get the oil stove to
going, you get out of those wet clothes!"

	Throwing his shirt over the back of a chair, he moved
to the oil stove and started the oil to flowing and
checking to ensure it was flowing properly, he reached
up on the shelf and took down a box of matches to
light the oil and start a fire.  Once the oiled had
caught he closed the front of the stove, and said, "It
will be warm in here in a few minutes!"  Turning
around and seeing Brian still standing there in his
wet clothes, he said, "I told you to get out of those
wet clothes, can't have my best hired hand, catching a
summer cold!",  laughing.   Brian made no move to
comply.  Turning around facing Brian, he said, "Boy,
you want me to undress you?"

	Brian slowly shook himself, and started unbuttoned
his shirt.  Dan turned to a shelf beside the shower
and taking down some towels turned around and tossed
them on the bed, saying to Brian over his shoulder,
"You get undress and dried off, get into the bed and
cover up with the quilts and we will have to find a
way of warming you up."  Brian stood in the middle of
the tack room holding his wet shirt looking around
trying to decide what to do with it.  Dan reached over
took the shirt from his hand and looked at Brian's
chest ;  he had seen Brian's chest before when they
had stripped to the waist working in the fields or the
barn loft, but this was different.   Dan took the
shirt and placing it over a chair back and turning the
chair to the side of stove, he said, "Get out of those
jeans and boots and put them near the stove to dry."
Daniel then walked through the door to tack room and
out into the barn.   Brian sat down on the chair and
took off his boots and socks and placed them in front
of the stove and standing up he unbuttoned his jeans
and lowering the zipper shucking his jeans and draping
them over the chair exposing them to the heat of
stove.

	Daniel walked back into the tack room and closed and
latched the door, and turning around saw that Brian
was standing there in his wet briefs.  "Take those
briefs off and let them dry out!"  Brian looked at
Daniel and said, "That's okay, I can wear these till
my jeans are dry."  Daniel stepped in front of Brian
and placing his hand on his chest, said, "I'm not
asking, I telling you, to get out of those briefs and
into the bed!"   Brian hesitated for a moment, looking
into Daniels eyes and bending over slide his briefs
off his hips and down his thighs and let them drop
covering his feet and looked back into Daniels eyes.
Daniels looked down and saw that Brian's cock was
obviously hard;  he moved his hand to his own jean
zipper and rubbing the bulge of his crotch, said, "You
affect me the same way!" Licking his lips, he
continued,  "I think this is the time to initiate you
to the way farm boys help each other out!"

	His hand moved to  unbutton of his jeans and then
taking the zipper tab between his fingers slowly moved
the zipper down with a loud rasping sound.  His rather
large hard cock dropped forward as the jeans opened,
he looked down at his cock, and said,  "See how much
it likes you?"  Brian glanced down and then looked
back to Daniels face; and Daniel saw the almost fear
in his eyes, but with it a look of envy and lust.
Brian stammered, "I don't know ....   I never did this
 .....   !"   Letting his jeans drop to the floor,
Daniel said,  "No problem, I will take the time to
show you, and you will enjoy it!"   Running his hand
over Brian's chest and tweaking his tit, Brian
flinched, and Daniel smiled, and said,  "When we are
finished, you won't be a cherry boy, you will be a
man!"

	Daniel put his hand in the center of Brian's chest
and pushed him down upon the bed.  Daniel stood
looking down at the boy and smiled, thinking of the
things that he was going to enjoy with the boy.  Brian
looked up at Daniel and moved from his face to his
hard cock sticking straight out of his groin and
thought that Daniel's cock was the largest he had ever
seen;  but then the only other hard cocks he had seen
were on his friends during circle jerks and Brian knew
that this was not going to be a circle jerk.  Daniel
sat on the side of the bed and leaning over Brian's
face moved his lips to kiss Brian's arms instinctual
move up placing his hands on Daniels chest.  "It's
alright, I am just going to kiss you!"  Brian said, "I
never kissed a man before."  Daniel took his hands in
his hands and moved them to his side and said, "It's
no different than kissing a women, besides its one of
the new things you are going to learn about today!"

	Brian seem to relax and Daniel moved his face down to
meet Brian's lips and gently kissed Brian on the lips.
 Moving his hand to the back of Brian's head, he
pulled Brian's head forward to meet his lips and with
his tongue inserted in Brian's mouth, started to deep
french Brian.  Brian jerked back in surprise at the
intrusion into his mouth.  Daniel kept holding the
back of Brian's head and continued to explore Brian's
mouth with his tongue.  Brian slowly relaxed and soon
got into the deep tongue action with Daniel.  Daniels
other hand moved to Brian's chest and played with his
tits and soon Brian's tits were as hard as his cock
and begging for more pinching and pulling by Daniel's
hand.  Daniel's lips moved from Brian's lips down his
neck and throat and down across his chest to his other
tit.  Daniel was soon working one tit with his hand
and the other with his lips and tongue, and soon,
Brian was moaning and groaning like a whore on
Saturday night at a marine base.

	Daniel moved his hands to either side of Brian's hips
and picking them up moved him to the center of the
bed.  Kneeling between Brian's outstretched legs he
started fondling Brian's cock with one hand and his
balls with the other and looking up into Brian's face,
he said, "Open your eyes and look at me boy!"  Brian
opened his eyes and looked into Daniels eyes, and
Daniel said, "Now begins your education and you will
be open to such new delights!  I promise!"  Daniel
leaned over and took the head of Brian's cock in his
mouth and heard Brian gasp and stiffen-up for an
instance, before he relaxed.  Daniel was licking,
sucking and handling Brian's cock and balls and Brian
was enjoying every sensation that his cock and balls
were communicating to his brain.

	Daniel was enjoying the boy's cock and looked up to
his face to see his eyes closed and his face reflected
the rapture his body was experiencing for the first
time.  Daniel took his hand from fondling the boys
balls and reached over to the shelf beside the bed and
removed a can and prying off the top with his fingers,
he dipped his fingers into the lube and  moved his
hand underneath the boys ball and started running his
fingers up the boys crack.   He quickly found the boys
asshole and started rubbing the lube around the hole.
Daniel moved his hand back to the lube tub and got
more on his fingers and moved back to the boys hole
and slowly inserted his finger into the boys rectum.
The boy stiffened for an instance and then relaxed, he
now trusted Daniel to teach him the joys of man to man
sex.

	Daniel inserted his whole finger into the boys rectum
and continue to massage the hole and feeling around
found the boys buzzer and pressed it and listened to
the boy gasp and take a moment to catch his breath and
then moaned and relaxed to the new sensation.   Daniel
proceeded to suck on the boys cock and finger fucked
his hole for a good half hour.  He continue to bring
the boy to edge of orgasm and then relaxed, pressing
his finger underneath the boys balls to keep him from
coming.  Slowly he dipped two more fingers into the
lube tub and moved back to slowly insert a second and
finally a third digit into the boys rectum.  All the
time Daniel kept looking at Brian's face and watched
him enjoy all the sensations his body was feeling for
the first time;  he moved his body up and lay on top
of Brian and started kissing  him again, and said, "
Now boy it time for you to learn to suck a man's cock
and make him enjoy being a man!"  Brian looked at
Daniel with some apprehension and said, "I don't know
how to do that!"  "That's OK, that's another skill you
learn on the farm," Daniel said with a smile on his
face as he looked into Brian's eyes.  And Brian knew
that he could trust Daniel.

	Daniel moved to the side and laying down, Brian got
up and moved between Daniels out stretched legs and
placing his hand on Daniel's engorged cock, looked
into Daniels eyes.  Brian lowered his head and
gingerly touched the cock with his lips and looking up
into Daniel's face, said, "I don't know .....   uh
....  what to do?"   "Just lick the head and staff
with your tongue and remember what I did for your cock
and do the same for mine.", Daniel said in reply.
Again Brian lowered his head and extending his tongue
he licked the head and then lowering his head he
started licking from the base of the cock to the head
and then back and around the staff.  He soon started
holding the head in his mouth and moving his tongue
over the head of Daniels cock and hearing Daniel moan,
figured he must be doing it right.  Soon Brian was
sucking and licking on Daniel's cock and balls like a
pro,  as Daniel was to say later he was a natural
cocksucker, which Brian took as a compliment.

	Daniel moved the boys head from his cock,  as Brian
sat up a string of precum and saliva roped from his
mouth to Daniel's cock head.  And Brian looked at
Daniel in a daze and Daniel said,  "Its time for me to
take your cherry!"   He moved Brian to lie on his back
and moving between his legs pushed the further apart,
and lifting Brian legs,  he placed the ankles over his
shoulder as he slide forward on his knees and lifting
Brian's ass and aligning his cock more or less in the
vicinity of the boys asshole.   Daniel reached down to
the lube tub and bring his fingers out with a gob of
lube which he inserted into the boys asshole and
quickly lubed his own hard cock and lifting the boys
ass he rested the head of his cock at the entry of the
boys ass.   Inching forward on his knees, he position
himself to insert his cock up the boys rectum.

	Daniel looked at the boys face and said, "This will
hurt a little at first, but I will go slow and give
you a chance to get use to it."  He slowly inserted
the head into the boys asshole and the boy stiffened
up,  and Daniel said,  "Just relax, the worst is
over."  The boy relaxed in a few minutes catching his
breath and then looked up into Daniels face and nodded
his head and Daniel smiled down at him.  Daniel then
slowly moved his hips forward and slowly the boys ass
sucked up Daniels hard cock.  When Daniel felt his
pubic hair hit the boys smooth ass cheeks, he relaxed
and said, "Its all in, Brian, I have taken your
cherry.  Just relax for a moment and then I will show
you how much enjoyment you  can get from getting
fucked by a man's cock."   Brian smiled and nodded his
head and waited for Daniel to take the next step.

	Brian started stroking his own hard cock and then
Daniel started pulling out and pushing his cock into
the boys ass, and soon Brian's hand moved from his
cock, cause the friction Daniel was causing in his
rectum was generating to the boys hard cock.  Daniel
moved his knees under the boys ass and pushing his
legs on either side of his head and started ramming
his cock up the boys ass and listening to the boy moan
and groan, the boy was enjoying the hard cock in his
ass, especially when it hit his boy buzzer inside his
rectum.  Soon Daniel and Brian both was panting and
pushing quickly to a great orgasm  -  Brian came first
shooting his cum all over his chest and face and that
brought Daniel off breeding the boys ass with his hot
man juice.

END PART I:  To be continued.

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Fri, 9 Mar 2007 18:00:28 -0800 (PST)
From: Jacrod Paine
Subject: Adventures:  Gary - The Ballet Dancer 

ADVENTURES IN/OUT OF UNIFORM


	GARY:	THE BALLET DANCER


	After my cuming out party, Brian and I continued
to see each other.  He came in one weekend a month or so
to visit his girlfriend who lived about 10 miles to
the north of me.  Each Friday he would drive in from
Camp Lejuene for a weekend with his girlfriend,
sometimes bringing buddies, sometime not.  But he
would fuck his girlfriend on Friday night, on Saturday
morning he would drive her to work, therefore, she
couldn't come home without him going to pick her up. 
He then would come down and pick me up, I would be
waiting in front of the Post Office to be picked up
and we would spend the day in her apartment fucking
and sucking.

	Sometimes we would go visit the farmhouse, and the
long dicked farmer, where I was brought out. 
Sometimes Brian would bring some fuck buddies; either
way with just the two of us and the farmer he loved to
get fucked, but with his marine buddies he only played
top.  He refused to let anyone fuck him with the other
marines around;  to him and his marine buddies, he was
straight as long as the marines never knew he loved
getting dicked.

	Brian and I spent the next 18 months doing this,  he
taught me many interesting things.  And he kept
encouraging me to bring my school buddies to a
fuckfest; however, I never learned to approach anyone
of my friends.  Or perhaps it was the fact that it was
a small southern town and something like that getting
out would have cause a great deal of difficulty in
that atmosphere.  Finally, Brian got orders going to
Taiwan or Okinawa,  I don't recall which.  But a few
months after he left I graduated from high school and
joined the army.

	A few weeks after graduation I got on the bus and
went to Fort Jackson, SC for Basic Training.  A fun
time for all!  Actually, I didn't think basic training
was as bad as everyone said,  I guess being raised on
a farm, getting up at 4 in the morning and milking
cows and feeding the animals, etc., to me it wasn't
bad.  At least, I got to sleep til 5:30 in the
morning,  I was in a company with guys from New York
City, New Jersey and Philadelphia;  myself and one
other guy were the only ones from the South.  And
seems the boys from up North were still fighting the
Civil War, they kept reminding us that we lost the
Civil War.

	After basic training, I was sent to Advanced Infantry
Training at Fort Benning, Georgia, again I enjoyed
myself  -  I enjoyed being out of doors and the
physical training; other than a couple of jerks called
Buck Sergeants, I enjoyed the whole atmosphere.  But
after AIT the Army for no inherent reason sent me to
Fort Dix, New Jersey, as an assistant Drill Sergeant,
I was then a PFC and they made me an Acting Buck
Sergeant  -  called an Acting Jack. I was paid as a
PFC but had the authority and responsibilities of a
Buck Sergeant. 

 	Actually back then they were called Hard Hats.  We
wore the liner of the steel helmet or the steel pot as
it was called, which was painted, stickers were put
onto it to identify the wearer and your rank was on
the front.  I now had the lives of fifty guys in my
hands,  had to turn them from civilians into soldiers
in a few short weeks.  And when they got off that bus
or truck, they couldn't walk and carry their duffel
bags at the same time.  But 2 months later, they
marched across the parade ground, impressing the hell
out of everyone, and amazed the hell out of me.

	Every where I went I made friends, but no sex
buddies; but then I was bi, still fucking women as
much as possible.  I made 4 close friends at Ft Dix,
primarily we went drinking, eating pizza, movies, and
once in a while bar hopping and whoring.  But then the
Army in its infinite wisdom decided to break us up. 
One of the guys was on orders going to Korea.  So a
couple of weeks before he was to depart we planned a
long weekend in NYC; Time Square area actually.  We
made arrangements with our units for all of us to be
off for a three-day weekend and we met at the bus
station on Ft Dix, on Friday morning,  for the bus
ride to Port Authority New York and walked to a flea
bag hotel just off Times Square.  We all had hit the
Six Store, which on an Army Base was what they called
the liquor store on base,  and we stocked up with our
individual choice of booze.  We got to the hotel on
Friday morning about 10 o'clock in the morning and got
settle and started to drink, it was after all our
buddy's going away party.  About 2 PM someone mention
he was hungry,  hell we all were; so we decided to go
out and find some food, no matter, that we were not
the steadiest soldiers on the block.  

	We found a restaurant that would serve us, and we
laughed, horsed around, and made a general jackass of
ourselves to the other customers and especially to the
cute waitress.  We finally left and they were probably
glad to see us go.  As we walked back to our hotel we
passed a gay movie house  -  and back then they were
on just about every block around Time Square.  Someone
in the group, don't know who, suggested we go in and
watch the action.  I remembered it cost $5.00 to get
in, I was shocked,  damn $5.00 for a movie,  hell
that's a lot of money for a PFC who was only an Acting
Jack.  But we paid our money and went into the movie
and sat down  -  I remember the first time I saw that
screen -  I sobered up immediately, some blond guy was
lying on his back on a bar with his legs over the
shoulders of a much older black haired man with very
hairy chest who was ramming his big cock up his ass
and the both were very loud and vocal in their
appreciation of the action.  I sobered up immediately
and sprang a massive hard-on -  damn I hadn't been so
turned on since my last fuck with Brian.  We had
barely set down, when one of the guys said, "This is
bullshit, lets go!"  and we got up and walked out the
side door into the blinding sunshine. Its a good thing
they were blinded, since I had a roaring hard-on in my
501's, and was trying hard to adjust it so no one
would notice.  I was too busy adjusting my own hard
cock to notice whether anyone else was having that
problem. I finally just pulled my shirt tail out and
let it hang over the bulge.  

	We went to a couple of regular movies and stayed
drunk that weekend, but all I could think about was
that blond guy on his back getting fucked by the older
man.  In fact, even after returning to Dix and my
regular duties, that's all I thought about,  that and
suddenly visualizing each recruit and man in uniform
naked and with a hard cock ready for action.  I ended
up jacking off 2 or 3 times a day, just thinking of
that blond and the guy with the hairy chest.  The week
after our return I had CQ (Charge of Quarters) duties
on Thursday night, so I decided, rather than doing the
regular thing of sleeping on Friday, I would spent it
at that gay movie house.

	That Friday morning I was relieved from CQ and went
to my quarters and showered and shaved.  Good thing
everyone else was at their duty station, since most of
the time I had a hard-on just anticipating watching
those movies of fucking and sucking.  I dressed in my
501 jeans and t-shirt, no army issue boxers or briefs.
 Brian had told me that if a guy was anticipating sex
or wearing jeans, one does not wear underwear.  So I
didn't worry about wearing underwear, a guy can always
hope, can't they?  I took a cab to the bus station and
arrived at the NYC Port Authority around mid-morning. 
Going from my barracks, the cab ride, the bus ride and
the walk to the theater, I had a hard-on that was hard
to hide; I finally pulled my t-shirt out to cover the
bulge in my jeans.

	I paid my money and walked into the theater, stopping
inside the entrance to give my eyes time to adjust to
the dark, and get the lay of the place, to figure out
where I wanted to set.  There were only a few men in
the place, most were sitting and watching the film,
some were obviously jacking off,  some were sitting
together - one sucking the others cock, making out, or
feeling each other up.  One man was bent over the sit
in front of him and a man was behind him fucking him
up the ass and both were still watching the action on
the screen, and making suitable noises of pleasure.  I
found a seat and started watching the action on the
screen, one guy after another sat down beside me, some
wanted to suck my cock, some wanted me to suck them,
some groped me in the dark, hoping for a little
action.  I, however,  just wanted to watch the film,
perhaps later to get some action.  

	I had watched the films and coming attractions once,
and then got interested in the action going on around
me.  Most of the men who earlier had been interested
in me had drifted away since they were interested in
the skin to skin action not so much the film.  I had
been sitting alone for a while when someone sat down
beside me.  By the light from the screen he seem to be
closer to my age -  in his middle to late twenties - 
his hand went to my knee and squeezed and I didn't
move, his hand moved up to rub my inner thigh, and
another squeeze.  We sat there, glancing at each other
and his hand moved to my crotch and he ran his hand up
and down my cock, which by this time was hard.  

	He leaned over and said into my ear, "You want me to
take care of that?"  

	I whispered in his ear, "Not here."

	He put his arm around my shoulders and drew me
closer, and said, "I have an apartment about 3 blocks
from here.  Want to go get comfortable?"

	I only nodded my agreement, and he got up and started
walking out and I followed him.  We went to the side
door and walked out into the sun light.  When we got
outside, he stopped till I had gotten through the
door,  then he turned and shut the door, so as not to
bother the viewing patrons inside.

	He extented his right hand and said, "My name's
Gary."

	I took his hand and said, "I am Jack."  We started
off to walking down the block and talking.  We were
both farm boys, Gary was from mid western state and
had gotten into dance since his mother was a dance
teacher.  So after high school he had come to New York
to study dance, and was now a member of ballet company
in New York City.  Gary was almost 6 feet tall and
thin; but not skinny, he was well muscled and had legs
that were beautifully tampered. And he had a
shit-eating grin that I was to learn stayed on his
freckled face  -  I don't think Gary every met anyone
he didn't like, and everyone liked Gary.  But by far,
the most shocking thing was, Gary was a redhead,  not
just any color redhead;  more like a dark copper
color, more like a penny with a little age.  I had
never been with a guy that had red hair, never even
thought about it.  Wonder did he have the same color
pubic hair?  Later I was to find out he had "Buns of
Steel", he had buns that were so tight you could
bounce a quarter off them.  Much like a Drill Sergeant
bouncing a quarter off your bed, to make sure it was
tight.  

	We walked the 3 blocks and got to know each other, we
came to an apartment building and Gary said, "Here we
are, this is my place; at least the small apartment on
the third floor is."  We walked up the steps and
entered and then walked up the stairs to his third
floor apartment. He opened the door and he had a 3
room apartment,  small sitting room, kitchen, and
small bedroom.  But having been in an 50-man army
barracks, with no privacy, it was a palace to me.

	We went in and he ask me to sit on the sofa,
considering that the only other place to sit was a
small wooden chair.  I sat on the sofa and we continue
to talk comparing lives and notes concerning our
respected lives.  He went into the kitchen and came
back with two cokes and said, "Sorry, its the only
thing I got in the house to drink."

	"That's okay."  I said, not really being thirsty
until he mentioned it.  Now I realized I was thirsty
or at least my mouth was dry, nerves I guess. 

	"You ever did this before?", Gary said.  I had my
coke in my mouth and was just about to choke.

	And I said, "Did what?"  Gary said, "Been with a
man?"

	I said, "Sure, why do you ask?"	    He said, "You act
nervous, like this is your first time."

	"No", I said, "I have had sex with men before,  well
with one man really.  You are my first since him and
that was two years ago.  So it may take some time for
me to get back into the swing of it."

	Gary laughed, "Its like riding a bike, you don't
forget how, and it will be easy to get into the swing
of IT!",  and his hand went to my crotch and he
started rubbing my cock, and I started getting a
hard-on. 

	He looked at me and said, "See how easy you get back
into the swing of IT."  And he leaned into me and
kissed me on the lips.  I turned and put my coke down,
and placed my hand on the back of his head and started
deep frenching him. 

	We were locked into that kiss, seems like forever,
before we broke it off, and he drew a breath in and
said, "Damn yeah, you are eager and we will be riding
high real soon."

	My other hand had moved to his chest and the polo
shirt he wore, playing with his tits.  But my hand
moved down and pulled his shirt tail out of his pants
as we continued to make out, nuzzle, and suck on each
others neck.  He pulled back and pull his shirt over
his head and dropped it on the floor, and I did the
same with my t-shirt.  We went back to kissing, and
our hands roaming over each other chest, pinching
tits, pulling tits, and kissing down the neck onto
chewing on the tits.  Gary's hand moved to my 501's
and started unbuttoning them.  He reached in and
fondled my cock, and pulled back and said, 

	"Damn boy you got a big cock for such a small guy!",
and I said in reply,  "It seems to serve its purpose
when called upon."   

	Gary looked at me and said, "Damn a southern boy with
wit, you really going to be unique here."

	And we went back to making out and chewing tits and
moaning when we hit hot spots.  In the meantime, Gary
was attempting to pull my cock out of my jeans, but
had failed to unbutton the top button and it was
holding my cock in place, and Gary was getting
frustrated, and said, "Damn boy, that cocks so big we
going to need a bigger door!"  I laughed and
stretching out and leaning back against the sofa,
unbuttoned the top of my jeans.

	Gary said, "Hell, we came here to get comfortable, so
lets go to the bedroom."  and he pulled me up and my
jeans slipped down to my ankles and there I stood with
all 7 inches hard and in all its glory.  Gary chuckled
and reached out and took my cock in his hand and
proceeded to go to the bedroom pulling me shuffling
along with my jeans down around my ankles and me
stuttering trying to get him to stop so I could pull
up my jeans.

	We got to the bedroom and Gary turned me around and
pushed me on my back onto the bed; and proceeded to
pull my shoes and jeans off and tossed them on the
floor.  Then he reached down and pulled off the
sneakers he was wearing and unbuckled and unzipped his
pants and they dropped to the floor and with his foot
he tossed them on top of mine.  He was standing there
in his briefs and I was enjoying the show, and jacking
my hard cock up and down and he looked at me as if he
could eat me.  

	He hooked his thumbs into the sides of his briefs and
bending over pulled them to his feet and kicked them
over to lie beside his pants.  And standing up I saw
his pubic area, yeah he had a nice 6 inch cock, but
most amazing to me he had a beautiful copper-red bush
around his cock.  I guess I was staring, for he said,
"You never seen a cock before?"

	"Oh ...  sure ....   uh  ...  uh,  I never thought
about a redhead having red pubic hairs!"  I stammered.
 And Gary almost dropped to his knees laughing.  It
was a while before he got control of himself, and
joined me on the bed and deep frenched me, and said, 
"Damn I hope you as much fun in bed as you have been
so far!"   "Me too!", I said and kissed him back and
rolled him onto his back and I was on top of him.

	Being on top I started kissing and chewing down his
body  -  from his neck, to this arm pits, to his tits,
to his belly button, and then taking his cock in my
hand, to licking his hard cock; listening to moan and
groan as I administered to his body in different
locations.  Looking up to his face his eyes were
closed and his mouth hung open and he was enjoying the
things I was doing to his body.  I went back to
licking his cock stem and then licking his cock head,
and then taking his cock head into my mouth and
running my tongue around the head, and he moaned, 
signaling that he enjoyed it.  In a very few minutes I
was taking his cock in my mouth down to the bush and
it tickled my nose, and I pulled off.

	Gary looked down at me and with his hands under my
arms, he pulled me up and kissed me and we lay there
deep frenching and fondling each others tits, dick and
balls for a while, until he rolled me onto my back and
he was on top.  He then scooted down my body and
started licking my cock head, running his tongue
around and under the foreskin.  He withdrew his tongue
and moved his lips and with his tongue starting at the
base of my cock, he started licking up and down my
cock.  His actions were driving me up the wall, and he
said, "You like that, don't you?"    I said, "oh yeah,
love your tongue on my cock!"  He chuckled and turned
back to licking up and down my cock, and taking the
head into his mouth and swiping his tongue around the
head, then moving back down my cock to the pubic
hairs.  

	He started shifting position and I open my eyes and
looked and he was moving his body around so that his
knees were on either side of my head and his cock was
just above my mouth; and my cock never left his mouth
and tongue.  I reached up and pulled his cock into
sucking distance; and then proceeded to tongue and
lick his cock head. He then moved down and started
licking my balls, and I followed suit with him on his
balls.  The then started taking one ball into his
mouth and tonguing it, and I followed his lead.  I
could feel the saliva running from my balls to between
my legs and he lifted my hips up with the pressure
under my buttocks, and inserted one finger into my
asshole.

	With the saliva running into my asshole, his
fingering was use it to lube my asshole.  Within a few
minutes, a second finger was inserted and he was
shoving those fingers into my asshole, twisting them
around spreading the lube around the inside of my
asshole.  I am enjoying his fingering so much; I had
forgotten his cock.  He raised up off my cock and
said, "You want to get that hard cock in your mouth
and slick it up?  I want to make sure that you get it
slick so it will find this hole of yours when I have
your legs over my shoulders."   "Sounds like a plan to
me,"  I said, and went back to sucking his cock.  

	A few minutes later he put a third finger in that
hole and with the friction generated by his fingers,
my hole was getting lubed and hot for something a
little bigger.  No more than the thought crystallized
in my mind than Gary was moving to get between my
legs.  I spread my legs to accommodate his body and he
scooted forward between my legs and with his hands
under my knees he lifted my legs so that the calfs
rested on his shoulders.  He leaned down and kissed me
and ran his tongue into my mouth and my tongue joined
his in a dance.  He leaned back on his heels and said,
"Reach into the bedside table drawer and get the
bottle of lube and a cleaning rag."  I followed his
instructions and handed him the bottle, and reached
back into the drawer for the rag.  He proceeded to
lube my hole and his cock; as I started to hand him
the rag, I got a whiff of an odor.  I placed the rag
near my nose and breathed in,  "Ah, your cum rag!"  He
laughed, "Well, I can see you been around cum rags;
you know one when you smell one!"  We both laughed,
and he said, "I won't need that cum rag today, I got
something else to drop my load in."  

	I said, "Well, kind sir, will you get on with
dropping your load."  Gary said, "Sounds like the
little man's eager to get fucked!"  "Oh yeah,
especially when you are crouched over my ass with a
hard cock."  He placed his hands under my ass and
lifted my legs up further on his shoulders; thereby,
moving my ass into position to take his cock.  Guiding
his cock with one hand he moved the tip of the cock
head against my hole and looked at me and smiled.

	I took a deep breath and relaxed and he gently pushed
the head between the muscles of my rosy hole.  He
relaxed a moment and told him, "Go ahead, I want all
that cock up my asshole."  And he shoved his cock into
the pits of my ass, a quick intake of air for me, I
was shocked, not expecting it quite so quickly.  But I
soon adjusted, and when he saw in my eyes and my face
relaxing, he smiled and said, "The little man can take
a cock; you ready now for a fucking?"  I looked up in
a daze and said, "Give it your best shot, Range Rider,
you in the saddle!"

	Gary laughed and proceeded to pull his cock out of my
ass and shove it back to the hilt.  He closed his eyes
and started to get into his fucking rhythm  -  in and
out,  in and out, and all the time I am enjoying
getting my boy buzzer caressed from the inside.  Gary
has gone into a sexual daze -  a look of blissfulness
on that freckled face as he was shoving his hard cock
up my ass.  I was panting and grunting, " Oh fuck me
man, fuck me harder."  And Gary complied.  He swung
his hips back and pulled roughly backwards on his cock
till just the head was inside the entrance to my shit
chute and grunting he rammed it back to the hilt and
started into a faster and faster rhythm; harder and
faster moving his cock within my asshole, rubbing the
walls and my ass and creating friction for his joy
stick and hitting my boy buzzer in the depths of my
ass.  We were both grunting and groaning,  and I was
moaning, such pleasure pour into my ass and through my
body.  I had no idea one man could enjoy getting
fucked so much, but Gary was delivering such passion
and hitting all the right place that had not been hit
in so long. 

	Gary was in heaven, "Damn little man, you got the
greatest ass, and its tight on my cock,  I could fuck
you all night!"  I was in such a state I couldn't have
answer the million dollar question right then, even if
I knew the answer.  Sweat was flying and dripping from
Gary's face and body and every push forward sprayed me
with his sweat and heightened the action between us. 
Gary was breathing hard and panting with each breathe,
like a dog in heat on a hot august day.  He said,
pantingly, " I am getting ready to cum, little man,
where u want it?"  I said, "You in the saddle, cowboy
ride till its busted!"

	He laughed, "Damn right, little man, going to breed
your ass like a hot mare!"

	And he did!  A few minutes later he rammed his cock
to the hilt in my ass and came, jerking his head back
and utter a yell that could have been heard in the
"Heart of Dixie" !  He held his position as his balls
drained deep into my ass; and then he collapsed on me
and we bonded together by his sweat. We lay together,
there, for what seemed like hours; but was probably
only a few minutes enjoying the spent emotions,
actions and man juices inside and outside.  He raised
his head and said, "Damn little man, you are a great
fuck!"   I smiled up at him and whispered, "You a
great fucker, now lets see how you do as the fuckee." 


	He laughed and moved off me to my side, looking me in
the eyes, he said, "How you want me, little man?"  He
reached for my cock and jacked it up and down, and
said, "On second thought, maybe I should call you "Big
Man".  I took my cock out his hand and started putting
lube on my love tube, and reached a couple of fingers
of lube into his ass, and said, "Don't care what u
call me as long as I get to fuck this cute tight male
tail!"  He laughed and said, "It all your big man, 
how you want it?"

	I looked down at him, smiling, and said, "You don't
have to move I'll do all the work here in."  And Gary
laughed, and got settled on his stomach for a good
old-fashion military fucking  -  By The Numbers!  I
inserted my fingers into his tight ass trying to lube
his boy pussy for my assault.  I had to almost force
his buns apart to get to his asshole.  I finally got
him lubed and starting running my cock head up and
down the crack of his.  Gary said, "You going to play
all day, or you going to fuck me, man?"  So I
positioned my cock head at his little rose and pushed;
 at first, he wasn't giving me entrance into his
asshole and I scooted up on my knees and forced his
legs apart and guided my hard dripping cock to the
entrance and with my full weight forced my cock head
into his ass.  

	"Damn little man, you feel a lot bigger in my ass
than you do in my hand."  Gary said.  I said, "Your
hand is not my concern right now, getting into you ass
is."  And I started pushing the rest of my cock into
his ass a little at a time; until its was all in.  I
said, "It's all in, Range Rider,  you ready to get
rode hard?"  Gary looked back over his shoulder and
said, "You the cowboy in the saddle, Ride, Cowboy,
Ride!"  And we both laughed as I started fucking him
like a dog in heat.  I knew I couldn't last long,
since Gary had almost brought me to a climax with his
fucking me.  And it didn't take long till I was hotly
drilling his ass and feeling my man juices rising from
my balls for the occasion, "I'm cuming man, I'm
...m....m .. CUMING!"

	And I did!

	Where Brian had introduced me to man to man sex, Gary
introduced me to the gay life style in the big city. 
As long as I was stationed at Ft Dix, Gary showed me
around when he wasn't dancing.  I learned about the
gay clubs, gay bars, gay baths, and orgies, and
parties where guys could just be guys.  I saw and did
things that back on the farm I would never even
imagined much less participated in and enjoyed them.  
                        

     STAY TUNED GUYS -  

     NEXT INSTALLMENT -

     BRIAN'S STORY:  BRIAN AND THE FARMER'S SON!

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Tue, 19 Dec 2006 06:27:13 -0800 (PST)
From: Jacrod Paine
Subject: Adventures In/Out of Uniform: My Cumming Out Party

        It was a hot, humid Saturday afternoon in
August, I was 16, in three months I would be 17 and I
knew all the shit that was worth knowing  -  I was one
cocky kid!  I was a farm boy, working with my father,
grandfather, and assorted other relatives on the
family farm.

     As I said, I was a farm boy, and had the
shoulders to prove it, I was short 5'4", 140 lbs, but
as my grandfather use to say; "That boy can do the
work of any grown man I know."  I had light brown
hair, and under the summer sun, usually turn lighter,
with green eyes, and a great upper body tan.  My
grandfather would not let me wear my cutoffs around
the farm, said it was to dangerous!

     On that Saturday afternoon, I was dressed in my
"good jeans", nicely washed, and ironed -  my
grandmother starched and iron everything, except
underclothes - T-shirt and sneakers (does anyone call
them that any more?)  I was standing along side the
road with my thumb out.  I was hitching a ride to my
cousin's, he was six months older, and his parents let
him have the family car on Saturday night.  So I would
join him and we would go tooling around and if we were
luck, pick up some girls, and every once in a while,
we would get real lucky  -  if you know what I mean?

     I had my first sexual experience at 14 with a
girl in our neighbors barnloft with the neighbor's 18
year old granddaughter.  It would be my first with her
and others along the way.  But that's another story
and not what this is about  -  this is about the men.

      So with my thumb pointing south, I was
hitchhiking a ride;  the sun was beating down, it was
a humid day, and the heat generating off  the asphalt
highway was radianting heat waves up onto my body and
into my face, making it all the more hotter.  However,
in a little while, I was to find out that things could
and would get a lot "Hotter".  I had just got been
dropped off by a car that was turning right, and I was
going straight south.  A car drove by me and I waved
my thumb at it, it slowed and stopped; after a few
minutes, it shifted gears and started backing up.  I
started to run to it, just as it was backing to meet
me.  Three guys were in the car, two in the front seat
and one in the backseat;  they ask where I was going
and I told them.  They said they could get me there,
but first they had to take a side trip, and did I want
to join them for the ride, and they all lauged.

    I said sure, and open the back door and slide into
the seat, the driver put the car into gear and we
started off.  They were three good looking guys, the
driver seemed to be the oldest, perhaps 24 or 25, the
other two were in their late teens or maybe 20.  They
told me they were marines from Camp Lejeune, down on
the coast, and they certainly looked the part;  all of
them were around 6 foot tall, well-muscled, slender,
darkly tanned bodies.  Good-looking guys, especially
since they were wearing white T-shirts and jeans, with
those short buzz haircuts with white sidewalls, which
the marines are known for.  The driver was a buck
sergeant (I was to learn later, his name was Brian,
and he would become my first and greatest lover  -
everybody else in my life has been measured by Brian);
the other two marines, one was a lance corporal and
the other a private (don't remember their names or
anything else about them, sorry 'bout that!)  They
told me they were in the area to visit the sarge's
girlfriend and again they all laughed.

    As soon as I got in the car I had smelled liquor,
and they were passing a bottle around;  they offered
me a drink, and since my grandmother had taught me
good manners  -  I took a drink and passed it along.
It was whiskey, I was a southern boy and knew about
shine, this was store bought, you know!  Hell, I was
more than familiar with shine, alot of people
throughout the South had made a lot of money on it,
especially, during the Depression, it was about the
only thing that people had money to buy around here,
and it was still easy to find.

     However, I had been raised in a good southern
baptist home, my grandmother didn't approve of shine,
and she was very religious and was in the church
everytime the doors opened.  She had a good reputation
in the community as a good God fearing women;
however, my grandfather was another story,  he like
his shine and a good time, especially as it pertained
to the ladies, which my grandmother tolerated as her
special cross to bear.  However, this is not a family
history  -  I tend to go a field,  at times, when I am
telling a story!

    I took the bottle and took a swig, that a swaller
for you good old boys, and the bottle continued to
make its way around to everyone.  The marines were
already three sheets to the wind, when I got in the
car and it appeared that the bottle was coming around
to me more often and the whiskey in the bottle didn't
seem to be going down much, or pehaps, they had more
than one bottle  -  knowing the marines I've fucked,
probably the latter.  The conversation quickly turned
to sex, don't the subject always come up with a bunch
of guys, the made reference to me as a good looking
stud still in high school, I was probably getting it
all the time, which did wonders for my ego.  Here
three older guys, marine no ess, was talking to me
about sex just like I was one of them.  We talked
about my girlfriend, which I explained, I seldom got a
good night kiss, much less a romlp in the hay.
However, speaking of hay, I did tell them about the
neighbor's granddaughter, they hooted and hollered,
slapping me on the back and offered the bottle again.

    They told me they were going to a party and the
Sergeant invited me along, and the two other marines
readily agreed.  I told them that I was to supposed to
meet my cousin and If I didn't show up, he would call
my house and everyone would be worried.  They told me
that when I got to the party, to call my cousin and
tell him I would be late, and they promised me that
they would have me at my cousin's house later that
day.  Then they promised me  -  if I would party with
them, I would get fucked and they all laughed!

    After a couple more rounds of the bottle and now
there seemed to be more bottles; I agreed to party
with them  -  Hell, let's go!  A couple of miles down
the road, by this time I had lost track of where I
was, we turned off the highway onto a dirt road and
travled down that road into a wooded area and pulled
up into the frontyard of a farmhouse.

     There was a man leaning against the wall of the
front porch, wearing jeans that hung low on his hips,
no shirt and no shoes.  He looked old  -  at sixteen
everybody looked old, but he was probably in his late
30's or early 40's and had a chest and shoulders that
evidently came from work and not from a gym.  We got
out of the car and Brian came around to the front and
the two marines were assisting me, getting out of the
car.  None of us were capable of moving very well on
our own; and the two marines were on either side of
me, as I was having trouble standing erect  -  weren't
we all.  However, the marines were trying to hold me
erect and they were as drunk, if not drunker than I
was, and were having their own difficulties standing
upright.

    The farmer spoke to Brian, "Hell boy, where you
been, I expected you over an hour ago?  Brian told him
he was late leaving his girlfriend's house, something
had come up, they all laughed and I joined in;
however, I had no idea what the joke was.  Brian
introduced me and told him they had picked me up on
the road, and had invited me to the party.  Then the
sergeant said something funny, he said,  "He's going
to be our party favor!"  and they all cracked up
laughing at that statement and I joined them,  still
not knowing what the joke was.  The farmer was not
amused, he looked me up and down and licked his lips,
and waving his arm at the front door and told us,
"Get your asses in there and 'Let's Party'!"

     Within 5 minutes of getting into the house, I was
led to a back bedroom and they quickly stripped me of
my jeans and Tshirt  -  like I was in any condition to
stop them?  And a few minutes later, I was tied naked
spreadeagle facedown to an old metal bed with just a
mattress on the springs;  and everytime someone moved
on it that thing squeaked, groaned, and moaned in
protest  -  its amazing what sticks in your mind when
u are in the middle of a crises.  And in the next few
hours that old bed did a lot of protesting.

     My head was starting to clear and I was now
getting nervous  -  what had started out as a joke had
gone too far.  I was now beginning to wonder what was
going on  -  I said, "Come on Guys, let me up  -  the
fun's over!"  However, they all seem to disagree and
said that the fun was just getting started.  Over my
shoulder I looked and the farmer was dropping his
jeans,  he wore nothing underneath  -  no shorts
(After that day I never wore undershorts with my
jeans.)  He was standing there holding the only other
man hardon I had ever seen, up to that time, besides
mine.  I have a 7 incher but this guy's cock looked
massive  -  it had to be 9 or 10 inches and very
thick.

     In the meantime, the marines had dropped their
clothes; they were wearing briefs  (I guess only the
Army issued those damn big boxers, which hides all the
best parts of a man).  They stood around the bed
playing with their hard cocks leaking precum juice by
the stream.  With the farmers 9 inches,  the sergeant
sported a mean 7 inches of man meat, and the two young
marines were between 6 and 7 inches with a good
thickness.  They were all standing there looking at me
like I was an "all u can eat buffet".  But I was to
find out that I was more the dessert than anything
else to these guys.

     One of the privates got up on the bed between my
legs and started fingering around my ass;  he picked
up a jar and got some greasy stuff and started
inserting it into my ass.  He was soon running two
fingers in and out my ass and slowly stretching it
from side to side.  Not long after that he had a third
finger and was pushing a fourth up my ass.  He
continued to talk about how tight my ass was  and how
he was "loosing the goose"  as he called it and
everyone laughed.   He told everyone, "It a real tight
ass,  a cherry ass, and a marine's gonna bust his
cherry"!  That got a real laught out of everyone but
me;  as for me I still didn't know what the hell was
going on.  I was a dumb farm boy  I didn't know that a
guy could fuck another guy!

    The sergeant told him to stop, that was loose
enough  -  he said,  "I want some drag left in that
boy's ass for my dick, so I can really enjoy it!"  I
looked back and the sergeant was playing with big cock
and it looked as if it was growing bigger and bigger
before my eyes.

    The sergeant climed up on that bed, and the bed
set up a squeaking and groaning, he lower his body to
his knees positioning his cock over my ass.  Someone
handed him a jar and he took some goo out of it and
started rubbing in over his dick and with the finger
of his other hand he was poking me in the ass.  I
still had no clue what was happening,  but I was
watching all this and taking it all in.  The sergeant
leaned over and kissed one of my ass cheeks and said,
"Relax kid, you're really going to enjoy this."  He
placed the head of his cock at the entrance to my
asshole and slowly pushed forward,  it hurt,  I tensed
up, and again he told me to relax,  he waited a few
moments and then he pushed again.  This time he
succeeded in getting the head in  -  I stiffened up
from the pain and surprise  -  I suddenly became very
sober and suddenly,  I understood what was happening
-  I was getting FUCKED LIKE A BITCH!

      He stopped, and told me to relax and catch my
breath  -  I hadn't realized it till then I wasn't
breathing.  He told me he wanted me enjoy this moment
-  Hell, what did that mean?  -  He waited a few
minutes till my asshole relaxed around the head of his
cock and then he pushed more of his cock into me.
With a slow pushing and then relaxing and letting me
get use to it he pushed his whole cock up my ass.

      We relaxed and I caught my breath again,  it
wasn't so bad this time -  I was getting use to it  -
he put his hands underneath my armpits and lean over
and lay atop me, he whispered into my ear  -  louding
enough for all to hear him  -  "It's all in,  I busted
your cherry;  today my boy, u are a man, courtesy of
the United States Marine Corp  -  Semper fi  -
Hoooorah!"

      Then he started pulling that cock out and
ramming in back to the hilt.  Now the pain really
began  -  and I am screaming my head off,  I am
yelling bloody murder   -  The Sergeant told the
farmer to put something into my mouth to keep me quite
 -  don't know what they were worried about nothing
was around for miles.  The sergeant big hard cock was
ramming my tender ass;  he was fucking my ass bigtime
and now the feeling of pain gave way and I was
starting to warm up to that cock in my ass.

     In the meantime,  the farmer had kneeled in front
of me and was trying to get me to suck his cock.  With
one hand on his cock he guided to my mouth and his
other hand was on the back of my head trying to force
it down to his cock.  He told me to suck it  -  I said
NO!; he said "Boy, you might as well, your ass is ours
already and so is the rest of you!"   One of the
privates was standing beside the bed trying to pry
open my mouth -  with no results.  About that time,
the sergeant who was still sawing in and out my ass,
grunting, groaning, and yelling all kinds of nasty
things  -  "Oh fuck,  this is a great ass,  tight ass
bitch,"  or words to that effect everytime he bottom
-  stopped fucking me and with his open hand smacked
me hard on my ass cheek  -  I was so surprised that my
mouth flew open and the farmer rammed his cock into my
mouth.

     The sergeant was very loud and vocal in his
appreciation of my ass his hard cock ramming it  -  in
a few more strokes he started tensing up and shortly
shot a full load of hot marine cum up my ass.    As
the sergeant relaxed and got off my ass the farmer
pulled his cock out of my mouth and moved around to my
ass.  One of the other marines replaced the farmer and
his cock was a lot smaller and wasn't streching my
mouth so much  -  but he did face fuck me harder and
was holding my head in a vise lock.

    The sergeant told the marine to take his cock out
of my mouth while the farmer put his cock up my ass.
He said the kid will bite your dick off when that
thing hits.  Everyone but me thought this was very
funny;  after all they were having the party and I was
the "party favor"  and the sergeant had been right
about one thing I had got fucked!  The farmer settled
between my legs and put his cock against my asshole,
even after the ride the sergeant had given me had not
loosen me up enough to take that monster.  So it was
an instant replay of the actions of the sergeant's
cock,  only much worse.

    By the time the farmer had his cock up my ass and
started to hit his stride;  I was getting into this
action, I was enjoying getting fucked and sucking
cock.  By the time the last marine was fucking my ass,
they had discovered I was enjoying myself and had
untied me.  I was up on my hands and knees getting it
from both ends and the farmer slide underneath me and
as soon as his mouth touched my cock  -  it exploded!
I have never cum so hard before or since that time
with the marines.  I fell exhausted on top of the
farmer and he just continued to suck on my cock and a
few minutes later I came again  -  this time down his
throat.  I gave him loads and loads of pearly white
cum down his throat  -  he got a weeks worth of
protein that day.

    I spent the weekend with them  naked, sucking,
fucking,  learning all kinds of new skills and great
things that I have used all thru life.  I did call my
cousin  -  didn't tell what happen told him to cover
for me and I would explain later.  Never did explain
-  he would never have understood, me running around
naked with 4 other guys, having sex, by hand, mouth
and ass.

     I saw the sergeant for the next 18 months  -
every time he came in to visit his girlfriend, we
spent the day together; until he was reassigned to
Okinawa and I graduate from high school and went into
the army.  Which gives rise to other stories.
Perhaps, if u very good, I may tell you about them one
day.    If u are verry,  verrrrry ggooood!

Topsgtbb (Jake)