Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 05 May 2007 15:48:16 -0600
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 27

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy, but
you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound by
the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between males
at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with impunity
only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your
right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this story
would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and has given
me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt at writing.  I
also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose stories have given
me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and encouraged
me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Sorry this has taken so long, hope to be more current from here on out and
get it finished.  Thanks to all who have written me.

Air Force Memories 27.

Awoke this morning, hot and sweating, seems the heat has made a return to
us, just when we thought it was over.  Jim San had brought in some
luke-warm water for each of us and we made use of it for sponge baths.
Once again our close relationships with each other came into play, as we
took turns washing down the back of the one closest to us.  In some cases
there was a bit of horseplay as some of the jammed their fingers up the
asses of the man they were helping.  Needless to say there were a good many
hardon's on all of us.

Dressed in just shirt, trousers, sox and shoes and went to breakfast.
There was a notice up on the bulletin board there that the General was
bringing in some ladies from Pusan on Saturday for a beach party and wanted
to know how many of the officers would be attending.  This caused quite a
bit of conversation over breakfast, and it was determined that some
officers should remain at the compound.  In order to determine the senior
officer to be left, Crane had the major's draw straws and Maj. Castle was
the one to stay.  Since Alex would not be back until that Friday, I made
the announcement that we both would volunteer to remain in the
compound. Col. Crane was then able to let the general know that 10 of our
officer's would be attending.  It was quite apparent that the general was
trying to get back in our good graces by providing ladies for the men to
have sex with if they so desired.  And all of them were looking forward to
it and decided they would remain celibate until Saturday.

By the time I had walked back to my office my uniform was wilted and
uncomfortable, my men were just working in shorts, so I went on to the
barracks, and grabbed a pair of shorts, went back to the office stripped
off my uniform and put on the shorts.

This was more comfortable and as I was completing some paper work the
Sgt.in charge of the club came by to chat.  He said the rumor was that most
of the officers would be gone Saturday night with only three of us left in
the compound and he wondered if that was true and who they were.

I told him yes and who the three would probably be.  He asked if I thought
Maj. Castle would object if they held a special night at the club that
night.  Wondering what he meant I asked and he said he was thinking of
having a special strip show, with some prizes, also a dance contest to
determine the best dancers.  I asked him how the men would feel about this
and was told that they came to him with the idea and had even taken up a
collection to pay for drinks and prizes.  With this information I told him
I would ask Maj. Castle at lunch to drop by my office around 1300 and he
should do the same and explain it to the major, I did not foresee any
problem with it.


The Sgt. and Major met in my office at 1300 and after listening to the
explanation of what they had planned.  Major Castle informed the Sgt. that
he could see no problem and to go ahead with the plans.

The rest of the week was hot and humid, and I was looking forward to the
weekend when Alex was due back.  God, how I missed him.

Friday dawned, like the other days, hot and humid, and all of us were
sweating up a storm, it was hard to keep hydrated as the potable water was
the foulest tasting stuff due to the chemicals added to make it drinkable.
So we were more or less relying on coffee and tea to keep liquids in the
body, and the caffeine was beginning to work on us and get us all a wee
edgy.

I was over in the club talking to the ones who were going to be more or
less running the show on Saturday, when someone put their hands over my
eyes.  Without a doubt I knew who it was, and swung around and in front of
those there gave Alex a big hug and a deep kiss.  Hey I did not care who
saw it, I was in love with the lug and wanted everyone to know it.

He kissed me back and his hands were kneading my ass, as we ground our
crotches together and could feel our cocks getting hard.  We were asked if
we would like to use the storeroom for a little while and we started for
it, and were even shedding our clothes as we walked to it, letting the men
there see us get naked, we were in heat and only wanted to get alone.

Entering the storeroom, I fell to my knees and took Alex's cock into my
mouth, gently sucking on it and running my tongue over it, I move further
down until I could feel my face against his pubes, then back up again.  I
moved off and gently licked the sweat from his nut sack and scooting under
him also got the sweat that had dripped into his ass crack, I spent several
minutes licking the crack clean and then spent time on his rosebud, until I
could feel it open some and he began to push back to get more.  Then
without warning, he pulled me up, and after kissing me again, bent me over
and he spent time rimming my ass and hole and then without warning I felt
his cock at the entrance to my body and a sharp pain as he thrust it full
into me.  Alex waited a minute for my body to adjust and then he gave me
one of the wildest fucks I had ever had. He fucked me hard and deep, as
well as slow and twisted his cock in my ass, giving me sensations I had not
had before.  He moaned he had been waiting for this all the time he had
been gone.  I could feel his cock swell in me as he began loading my ass
with his sperm.  As he finished he pulled his cock from my ass and
presented it to my mouth for cleaning.  As I licked the essence of his cum
and my ass juices from his him, he began to get hard again and soon was
fucking my mouth with his cock; he deep throated me and fucked his cock in
and out of my mouth until I thought it would never lose its round shape.
Finally he came and pulled his cock out until it rested just inside my
mouth and shot his cum so I could savor its flavor and texture.  As he
finished, he pulled his still hard cock from my mouth, flipped me over and
once again plowed his cock up my ass.  He was really making up for lost
time and I was enjoying every minute of it.  He was my man and I was his,
there was not doubt about it.

Finally he was satiated, and his cock began to soften, I had come so many
times while he had been fucking me that my cock was sore.  We got up and
rather sheepishly went into the club to collect the rest of clothes and get
dressed, as we walked out the men who were there were clapping and one
said, great way to go, you were in there over an hour.  We had not realized
it had been that long.  When we were once again dressed Alex joined us in
going over plans for Saturday night, and he had several good suggestions,
which they decided to follow up on.

Saturday arrived with a blazing sun, the barracks seemed like an oven, and
I sat up and wiped the sweat from my body with my hands and looked around
at all the others doing the same thing. I felt so damn sticky and
uncomfortable that I said, cold water or not I am going to go take a shower
and see if I can feel better.  I grabbed a towel and strode out of the
barrack and down to the shower shed.

Turned on a tap and got some tepid water, which was fine, as I was washing
several others came to do the same thing, was surprised to not see Alex
with them, but bumped into him on my way back.

Still felt sticky from the heat, but at least felt clean, dressed and went
to breakfast, then to work where I stripped off my uniform, as was going to
do some inventory that morning.

Finished up the inventory, around 1200 and ate then went back and tried to
relax on my bunk.

The ones going on the beach picnic left about 1400 and the place still felt
like an oven so grabbed a blanket and went outside to find some shade and
rested for a while.  There was not a lot of activity going on as most were
too hot to do much and all were waiting for the evening festivities at the
club.

After dinner and another shower, dressed in fresh khakis, which soon wilted
and with Alex in his kilt went to the club.

They at least had some fans going in the club, and we found a table where
we could enjoy the fan breeze, ordered our scotch and water's and sat back
to enjoy the evening.

Finally the time for the strippers came and the bar top was cleared for
them to dance on.  Some of them were good and some were terrible, but will
only talk about one.  Nick Ford.



Kestititus had really worked with him on this.  He did his strip to Ravel's
Bolero.  First he strode up to the bar in full class A uniform, bent over
and removed his shoes and jumped up on the bar. He began his slow dance
down the bar, reaching up and removing his cover and tossing it out into
the crowd. (It had already been established that the clothing of the
strippers could be redeemed for services rendered after the competition was
completed.)  Then he sinuously removed his jacket, unbuttoning it, and
removing one sleeve then the other and finally taking the jacket, twirling
it around his head and then between his legs before tossing it into the
crowd.  He reached up and yanked his tie off and began to slowly undo the
buttons on his shirt as he danced down the bar and back up, he removed his
shirt as he had his jacket and tossed it out, next he pulled his t-shirt
out of his trousers and began to roll it slowly up his chest in time to the
music, and once he reached above the nipples he than caressed them and his
stomach with his hands, tweaking the nipples to make them stand out, and
then removing the t-shirt and tossing it out.  His hands went to his belt
and he undid it pulling it from the belt loops and twirled it around his
head, brought it between his legs and pulled it back and forth before
dropping it on the bar and kicking it out into the crowd.  He moved his
hands to his fly and began to undo the zipper there, pulling it down and
then back up, enticing the crowd to what lay below, he finally pulled the
zipper all the way down, spread the trouser flaps showing his white undies,
then with a bump and a grind he let the trousers fall to the bar and he
stepped out of the them and using one foot picked them up and flung them
out to the waiting hands.  Clad only in white boxers and sox he now did a
very erotic dance up and down the bar, and removed his sox, tossing them
out.  With all the work Kestitius had him do, Nick's body was in great
shape, he had a good six pack and of course sported a great tan.  He played
with the front of his boxers, letting his cock peep out and then being
covered again. Finally he striped them off and flung them straight at
Kestitius. The music stopped and the crowd clapped loud and long.

The ones following Ford never had a chance and when the votes were taken he
had won the prize.

Kesititus stood up on the bar and told those who had caught Nick's clothes
could now start redeeming them.  They could get a blow job or fuck him, and
if some wanted to double up and fuck his mouth and ass at the same time
then that was good as was if two wanted to fuck his ass at the same time.
The only requirement being that it is done that night and in the club in
front of all.  Cheers went up from the crowd and those holding clothes got
together to plan it out.

His cover and tie required a blow job for the catchers, his jacket and
trousers were redeemed by a double ass fuck, as were his sox.  His shirt
was a single fuck as was his t-shirt.  The only item left was his boxers
and Kestititus, then said now you all have had your fun I am going to fist
him and then fuck him after which he will rim all of you in thanks for your
letting him get his clothes back.

It was not long before most of the men in the club were naked and all
having sex with each other, Alex and I no exception.  The fun went on for
hours but at midnight they closed the bar and everyone staggered home.

The picnic people still were not back when I went to bed and never did hear
them come in.

The next morning, there were moans and groans coming from a good many
bunks, they had all drank far too much, and some had some unpleasant
memories of the night before, one had missed his mark when going to fuck
his girl and plunged his cock into the sand, which gave it a nice abrasion,
another somehow got a hair caught under his foreskin or something and
caused a cut which had bled.  However all were talking of their prowess and
lasting power.  I thought they were more hypocritical than ever, since they
had all had man to mean sex, and were married, but than I guess when the
libido takes over the brain stops functioning.

Was a quiet Sunday, however still too hot to do much, just lazed around.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2005 16:15:01 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: "Air Force Memories 26"

Sorry this has taken so long, but have had things interfere with my
writing, hope to keep it current from here on to the end of the story,
thanks for your patience.

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 26

After dinner and a few drinks at the club, we left to go develop Alex's
film, there were a few snickers when we said what we were going to do.
It being a warm night we went back to the barracks and changed into
shorts before going down the darkroom.  Alex not caring what anyone
thought put his hand down the back of my shorts and massaged my anal
opening before pushing a finger in and finger fucked me as we walked to
the darkroom.

Clever Alex, when we got to the darkroom he reached under the cabinets
and pulled out an air mattress he had stashed there earlier, knowing it
would be easier on us than the bare floor.  He had my shorts off in a
second and stripped his from his body.  I stood there and admired the
man with whom I had given my heart and soul, memorizing every part of
his ripped body.  He leaned forward and grabbing my neck brought my
mouth to his and began a long duel of tongues as we kissed to make up
for lost time while running our hands over each others bodies.

I moved a hand down and began massaging his cock very gently and it was
swelling in the most exciting way in my hand.  I knelt down and started
to suck and lick him all over his cock and balls, after laving his big
balls I licked up the shaft of his straining cock and swallowed it down
my throat.  I reveled in the feeling of his thick long cock filling my
mouth and throat. I could feel his cock begin to swell in my throat and
could feel precum slipping down my throat when he abruptly pulled his
cock from me, and pushed me down the mattress.

Getting me on my back he lifted my legs up and dove down and began to
rim and eat my ass trench, spending time on the object of his desire,
the rosebud, which was the entrance into my body.  When he felt that I
was sufficiently moist he placed the head of his cock at my opening and
in one swift push entered me and kept going until I could feel his balls
hit my ass.  He rested for a minute while I enjoyed the fullness of him
within my body, then he began a series of slow in and out motions
alternating with fast and furious thrusts and turning so his cock was
hitting different parts of me with each thrust.  Whenever he hit my
prostrate I groaned and grabbed his tits pulling them out as far as I
could and twisting them.  Suddenly he stopped fucking me and laying his
body on mine once again began to kiss me, our tongues for supremacy in
each others mouths, I was twisting trying to rub my hard and hurting
cock against him, when he whispered in my ear 'Laddie, it's been a long
time lets make it last", and then he began to lick and kiss my ear
sending delightful shivers through my body.

He once again began to move his cock in and out of me, and at the same
time bent down and licked and sucked my nipples until he had me nothing
but a mass of flaming desire for him.  I whimpered and thrashed back and
forth as he continued to have his way with me in his own sweet time.
Finally I could feel his cock swell within me and I knew that I was soon
to have seed deep inside me.  As he contractions of his cock began he
reached down and grabbing my balls pulled them as far away from my body
and squeezing them, saying "You are not to cum yet". He dropped down on
me and lay there until his cock softened and slipped from my overflowing
ass letting part of his cum dribble down.  He bent down and licking my
ass trench got the cum and then began to eat me and get more from my
ass, then coming back up clamped his mouth over mine and shared with me
his cum.

As we lay there resting and I began to think just how much Alex meant to
me, and also to begin to realize just how this summer so far had more or
less turned upside down all the moral attitudes which I had been
taught.  While I had traveled enough and met enough people to know there
were different ways, different people expressed their feeling for each
other, it still was a bit unsettling to me.  While I realized that this
was a unique situation, I also realized that at the end of the tour of
duty it would all come to a crashing end.

Never before had I been in a situation where the camaraderie, affection
and in some cases the love between men had been so open and apparent.  I
knew this had to be an aberration, and while it was to me an uplifting
and wonderful time, I began to realize that it would have an end.  And,
this would all pass away.

I raised up at looked at Alex, and was about to bend down and kiss him,
when unbidden and unwanted tears began to stream down my face and fall
on him. He quickly raised up, put his arm around me and pulled me so my
fact was buried on his shoulder.  He asked what was wrong, but I could
only let the tears drop, he slowly began to caress me, and pulling my
face up gave me a deep and soulful kiss.

As I slowly gained control of myself, I poured out to him the fears and
hopes, which were tearing me apart.  He tried to quiet me and assure me
that what we felt for each other would transcend this time and place,
and that somehow, someway we would continue after our tours ended if we
so wished it.  We talked for sometime and I gradually began to feel
better, and grew to realize just how much I did love Alex and how much
of a part of me he had become.  Never had I had the depth of emotion I
now felt for him.

I pushed him down and began licking him up between his legs.  I could
feel my heart thumping as a placed my head between his thighs. I pushed
at his leg causing it to rise up so I could get to his ass.  The legs
parted more so I could explore further upwards where his buttocks were
still clasping together.

His lower buttocks were sculptured and it was a pleasure to kiss and
lick them, even though he was clamping them together further up.  I
managed to lick and probe my way into his cleft with my fingers and
reaching further with the tip of my tongue.

I continued to force his cheeks apart with my fingers and my mouth
dripped salvia as I stretched the tip of my tongue into his crack,
seeking the prize I was looking for.  Alex at this point dropped all
resistance as his body took over and he parted his legs giving my tongue
full access to his outer sphincter, which I was lubricating with my
salvia. My focal point was the center of his being where his anus
clasped against my tongue, and the more I licked him the more he opened
up, giving my tongue access to his inner being.

While my face was buried in his cleft, I had not been neglecting his
cock, and I knew things were about to explode.  I asked him if he knew
the contractions of his asshole gave him away, that when I squeezed his
cock his hole reacted and when I lick your hole it opens up even more.
I sucked on a finger and gently pushed it into him, and then a bit more
to challenge the inner sphincter.  He appeared to open up even more.

My cock was hard and throbbing, and I could feel myself building up to a
massive climax.  I raised up and placing my cock at his opening, I
entered in one great push, imbedding me to the cock root and my balls
were against his ass.  I felt myself loosing control as I furiously
fucked my cock in and out of his ass.  The velvet softness of his inner
ass was edging me on and he was moaning with pleasure each time that my
cock head grazed his prostate.

He raised up and kissed me and that was all it took to send me over the
edge and I unloaded my sperm deep into his body.  His cock erupted for
the second time that night and his cum spattered both of our bodies.  I
collapsed on him from the intensity of the orgasm, and could not even speak.

We lay bound together until my cock softened, slid from him and he
lowered his legs back to the ground.  When our breathing returned to
normal, we realized how long we had been there and doing our best to
wipe our bodies clean, we dressed, put the darkroom back in order and
made first a beeline to the barracks to grab towels and then to the
showers, hoping there would still be some warm water to wash the cum
from us.  We were in luck and took nice long showers, wrapping the
towels around us we went to the barracks, dressed and then on to the
club for a nightcap.

On entering the club, we were given a few wise looks and a few thumbs
up, this caused me to blush which caused even more merriment with those
in the club.
Getting our drinks we moved out on the screened porch which was empty
and I told Alex of my getting extra sleeping pills and that somehow,
someway I was going to get back at the general.  He cautioned me to be
patient and wait and said that he thought something was brewing with the
general's aides and if he was right then they might contact me, and if
so it could be a multi-effort.  We discussed various things and he
suggested that some of the things I wanted could be made in the motor
pool, so it was decided I should bring Lt. Halcomb into my plans and see
what he could make for me.  However, before that time Alex and I needed
to discuss the various things we thought might be needed that they could
make.

Others soon joined us and the talk turned to the weather, hot and humid,
the various jobs and who was going to get to Japan next on R & R.  All
things of little interest but did pass the time.  Finally being tired I
told them I was off to bed, and telling Alex to stay left and made my
way back for a good nights rest, or so I hoped.

The next few days were uneventful.  I spent time at the gym trying to
get back into shape, and was fortunate that the general was away from
the base for a while.  It gave me a chance to talk to Col. Choi about
the general and what I had planned to do.  He told me to wait as things
were coming to a head and that he would let me know later when plans
were finished, in the meantime t he told me to keep the pills handy.

Alex had been sent TDY to Taegu so I was rather lonely, however one
evening Col. Crane caught me as I was going down to shower and requested
me to come to his quarters about 2000 that evening.  Wondering what was
up I agreed and went on down to the shower building.  Seeing the naked
men in the steam and the horseplay going on make my cock come to
attention and made me realize just how much I needed Alex to come back
to the compound.  I looked at the men in the shower and wondered if I
might connect with one of them later at the club, I saw a couple which
really caught my interest, both in the their cocks and their nice bubble
butts.  They seemed to be friends and were washing each other's back and
going a bit further than one would normally do.  I turned the water to
cold to try and deflate my erection and when it went down some left
dried off and returned to the barracks to dress for dinner.

Dinner was about the same as usual, we had chicken and ham more than
anything else, all of us would have loved to get a steak, but red meat
was scarce and we were lucky if we got it once a week.  However, the
mess Sgt. And the cooks did the best they could with what they had and
other than the sameness of the meat made the best of a bad situation.

Went to the club and got to make the acquaintance of the two I had seen
in the shower.  They were new to us and worked on the flight line, Greg
Tompson and Daryl Nelson.  They had served together before and were both
Sergeants, we had a couple of drinks and then it was time for me to go
see Col. Crane.

He opened his door as soon as I knocked, wearing just a pair of shorts,
and when I was in, and the door closed he, leaned into me and putting
his hand behind my head pulled me into his lips, and he began kissing me
in earnest.  I returned his kiss as I felt so safe and secure with him,
almost as much as with Alex.

He began kissing down my neck to my chest as he opened my shirt.  I ran
my hands over his shoulders and chest, he pushed me down on his bed, and
worked his way down my chest and stomach, licking my nipples, giving
both equal attention, as his hands were busy undoing and removing my the
shorts I was wearing.  He moved his hand down and pulled at my cock,
which had turned, hard and throbbing with his attentions to my body.
Without a word of warning, he moved down and  engulfed my cock in his
mouth, warming and wetting it with each bob of his head.  Involuntary
moans came from me and shook my very being.

While he continued his sucking of my straining cock the slipped a finger
into my ass hole and began to finger fuck me in time with his cock
sucking.  His finger reached deep inside of me and I began to twist and
turn against his hand, violently fucking my cock in his mouth in the
process.  He began to drool a combination of spit and pre-cum as he
brought me closer to a climax.  Before I knew I was shooting sperm deep
into his waiting throat.  He sucked every drop down and licked from my
stomach the little bit, which had dribbled, from his mouth.


Sliding back up my body he kissed me, with the taste of my own cum still
on his lips.  Although I had just shot my load I was ready for more.  I
wanted Crane in every way possible.  I reached out and grabbed his pecs
with my fingers causing him to flinch just a bit.  I twisted his
nipples, following the pain with the pleasure of my mouth then sucking
them into my mouth and alternatively kissing, sucking and biting them.
Then my tongue flicked and slid its way down his hot and not sweating
body to his shorts.  I grabbed them and pushed them down to his feet
where he kicked them off.  There exposed to me was his cock, proud and
upstanding and glistening with drops of pre-cum.  As I sucked his meat
into my mouth, he groaned with intense pleasure.  I worked on his cock
and soon I felt it demanding entrance into my throat. I concentrated on
getting it in and soon felt my mouth against his skin as I swallowed all
of it down.

He grabbed me and we twisted on the bed and he once again took my cock
into his mouth, I had become hard again, and his mouth felt even better
on my as I had his cock inside me as well. Lying on his bunk,
sixty-nining one another, I felt completely united with Crane.  Our
bodies were rubbing against each other and I could feel the stubble of
his pubic hair on my chin as he slid his cock in and out of my face.  He
was taking long strokes so I could breathe between each stroke.  My
mouth was wet and ready, so he face fucking was easily preformed.  It
wasn't long until I realized that his cock had grown harder and thicker
and he was a bout to cum. He was so deep inside of me I wonder if I
would even taste his cum or if it would just slide down the back of my
throat, emptying into my stomach.  He took a deep breath and began
pumping his cum into me. He had pulled out just a bit so that his head
was in my mouth and I could taste the sweet cream of him.  After several
shots he pulled himself out of my mouth, removed his mouth from my cock
and lay back on his bunk.

Col. Crane reached out his arm and said, "Come here."

I turned so that I could lie on his chest.  He wrapped his arm around me
and held me very close.  I rolled him over on his stomach and began
massage.  He let out a long and continuous mummer of contentment as my
hands ministered to his body.  When I arrived at his buns, I gave him a
deep massage externally at first and then followed up by slipping first
one finger ant then two into his ass to give him an internal massage.
He raised his hips to allow my fingers to go deeper into his body.  His
hole was hot and tight.  I leaned down and kissed each of his ass cheeks
and then slipped my tongue into the crevice of his ass, and pulling out
my fingers began licking the rosebud of his anal opening. His ass was
clean and warm, soon I worked my way up his back and allowed my
cock-head to tease his tight opening.  He pushed his hole against my
cock, trying to force me to enter him.  Finally I pushed just my
cock-head inside of him, but that was not enough for him.  He suddenly
raised up onto all fours, forcing me inside of him.

With that I started rhythmic movements against his body.  I slowly began
to gyrate my hips so that my cock was hitting every inch of his back
tunnel.  Each time my cock hit his prostate he moaned with deep
pleasure.  My tempo grew faster and faster as my ardor grew.  After what
seemed hours to me, I felt the surge of orgasm beginning.  Crane must
have felt the increasing size of my cock inside of him as he began to
move his ass muscles in a focused rhythm to try and bring me to a
climax.  Soon, I was showering his insides with my seed, as my cock
pulsed and pulsed in spitting out its sperm, with him milking my cock
constantly with his ass muscles.


When I had finished I lay across his body and then rolled off to let him
breathe.  He rolled over on his back and I cradled my head on his
chest.  Before too long, he gently pushed me away and directed my
attention to his cock which was standing tall from his body.  He was
clearly energized again and wanted to be on the other end of the
pleasure we had just shared.  He guided me onto my knees and helped me
lift one leg over his hips.  As I sat on his stomach, he began playing
with my cock and balls while reaching under with a finger, he had put
into my mouth to wet, slid it into my ass. I closed my eyes moaning as
he entered my body.  Quickly he had a second and then a third finger
inside of me, and I knew it would not be long before his proud
upstanding steel cock would soon replace those moving fingers in my ass.

I rose up my hips and place the tip of his cock-head at my entry.  He
spit on his hand and wet his cock with the moisture.  I began lowering
myself on him.  I took a deep breath and pushed myself down until I felt
his cock-head pop through my sphincter.  We both remained still and
quiet as I adjusted to the stretching.  Soon I felt him raising his hips
to further impale me on his rod.  I allowed my hips to work their way
down his shaft until I felt his skin against my balls.  Realizing I had
all of him inside of me, I began lifting myself up and down on him.  He
started thrusting his cock deep inside of me.  He began slowly at first
and then picked the tempo up.  I just gave myself into his movements and
knew that I was going to be given a great fuck.  He filled me and I
loved each and every thrust of him into me.  I began to work my ass
muscles as his cock moved in and out of my ass, giving enormous
gratification to both of us.

We stayed in that position for a while until Crane asked if I wold lay
on my back so he could top me missionary style, so without disengaging,
we rolled over so that he was on top of me.  Once in this position Crane
leaned down, pressed his body against mine and kissed me.  As our lips
touched we let our tongues dart around in each other's mouths.  He
started gyrating his hips into mine, his rhythm across my prostate had
quickly aroused my cock to near eruption as it was pressed warm and
tight between us.  I watched over his shoulder as his ass raised up and
down into the air as he continued his fuck of my ass.  Time and time
again his cock moved in and out of my ass chute as he filled my entire
body with flames of pleasure. Each thrust of his cock was fulfilling a
deep-seated need in me.

Lifting his hips especially high on much thrust, it must have been
enough to stimulate him to cause an automatic orgasm. His climax was
powerful and complete as he took his final thrust deep into my body.  I
could feel the pulsating contractions of his cock as he emptied his seed
deep inside of me.  He bent down and kissed me, nearly as violently as
he was erupting inside of me, and as his cock slowly deflated a bit and
was withdrawn from my clutching tunnel.

Completely satisfied he lay back down next to me and we continued to
kiss and caress each other for quite a while.  It was getting late and
after a while I got up, pulled on my shorts, grabbing my shirt and
giving Crane a last kiss let myself out and returned to my own bunk.

Stripping I lay naked in bed and reviewed what had just happened.  I
Knew I was deeply in love with Alex and that would never change, yet was
beginning to realize I had attractions to others.  This was something I
need to discuss with Alex when he returned as I was having conflicting
emotions on what I should do, and also I was wondering about Crane, a
married man with children who had never before, supposedly had a man to
man relationship, and yet here had taken to it with a vengeance, however
the only men I knew he had been with were Alex, Sgt. Howard and myself.
This was also something I wanted to discuss with Alex, how was this all
going to end when we went our separate ways at the end of this tour.

Pondering these thoughts I finally fell asleep.

Questions or Comments; afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 03 Oct 2004 17:48:25 -0600
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 25

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Sorry this has taken so long, but has been a hectic summer.  Hope things
go faster now fall is here. Thanks for your patience.

Air Force Memories 25

Monday morning Rice came over to my office to inform me that a phone
call to Col. Crane had come through setting me up for the final work on
my face, and that someone would fly me out that afternoon to Pusan, and
I should plan on being gone for about a week.  I looked at him and he
seemed no worse for wear, but was walking a little stiff, no doubt to
either the butt plug or dildo he must have been wearing, I could see the
nipple clamps pushing his shirt out, and wondered how he could endure it
and still keep smiling.  I later found out he really had fallen for the
colonel and was willing to do anything to please him.

That afternoon I was flown to Pusan by Captain Bishop, and after
checking at the hospital was told I did not need to check in until after
1600.  I spent the afternoon wandering around the base, checking out the
Base Exchange and ending up at the club.  Finally I went back to the
hospital and checked in.  After the paperwork was completed the nurse
called a corpsman to show me the ward I would be in and get me settled in.

When the corpsman came in I did a double take; it was one of the most
handsome men I had ever seen.  A living ebony statue about 6 feet tall
and maybe about 200 lbs., with wavy hair and the deepest green eyes I
had ever seen.  His white tee shirt was stretched across a broad chest
and I could see his nipples pushing out the material, standing in front
of me I could see what looked like a good sized cock snaking down one
leg.  I don't know how long I stared at him, but when I heard his deep
bass voice ask "Lt. Young?" it shook me out of my trance and I replied
"Yes'.

Picking up my suitcase he started down a hall.  I followed admiring his
tight bubble butt as he led me to the ward where I would be staying.  It
was empty and he informed me I was the only one the plastic surgeon
would be working on before he rotated out.  Looking me over he informed
me he would be back in a few minutes with the hospital clothes I would
need to change into.  I sat on the bed and wondered what this man would
look like without clothes.  He soon returned and gave me one of those
horrible hospital gowns that open down the back and only come part way
down the thighs and also a hospital bathrobe.  He told me he would wait
while I changed and put my uniform away so that it would stay fresh for
when I was discharged, he also asked me to get my toilet articles from
my suitcase and he would also put that away for me.

I got the toilet articles out and he put them in a stand next to the bed
and then stood waiting for me to change.  I did not know what to do as
by this time I had a raging hard on and did not want him to see me with
a steel hard boner sticking straight up when I undressed.  I was slowly
removing my uniform when the door opened and I heard someone say, "Hey
Bill, does the Lieutenant want to put in an order for dinner?"   My
ebony god replied "Probably Andy, why don't you come on it and get it."
Another corpsman came over to the bed and when I looked at him I knew I
was in trouble, for here stood the ivory counterpart of ebony Bill.
Andy was about the same height and weight, with reddish blonde hair,
blue eyes and dressed much like Bill with his taut white tee shirt
showing erected nipples and an equally impressive bulge in his left pant
leg.
I stood there not moving and Bill said maybe he needs some help and
reached over he finished unbuttoning my shirt, removing it and then
taking my tee shirt in his hands pulled it over my head.

Andy pushed me to a sitting position on the bed and removed my shoes and
sox, and then they worked on my belt buckle and zipper opening my
trousers, taking me by the shoulders they stood me up and then together
removed my trousers and underwear, leaving standing there with a raging,
dripping hard on.  They looked at me and said looks like you need some
help, we will be back sometime tonight to take care of your problem.
They then got me into the gown, settled in bed and giving my choice of
food for dinner I told Andy what I wanted.  Bill reminded me that I
could have no food or drink after midnight and until after my surgery,
so I should eat well to tide me over.  I added a couple of more items
and they left taking my suitcase and clothes with them.

A skinny lad brought me my dinner, which was quite good and also brought
a cart of books that I appreciated and picked a couple of them to read.
Soon after a nurse came in to see if I needed anything, and informed me
that since I was the only patient in this ward and did not need constant
care that the corpsmen assigned to the ward would be checking on me and
if she was needed they would get her.

I read for quite a while and then turning off the light settled down to
sleep.  My erection had subsided when the two magnificent corpsmen left
the ward, so I did not have any trouble going to sleep.

I am sure someone checked on me during the night, but the next thing I
remember was being awaked around 0600 by Bill to take my vitals; he
proceeded to take my temperature and blood pressure.  This of course
happened each day I was there.  Why they wake patients up at 0600 and
then leave them alone until 0800 when they brought the breakfast tray I
will never know, maybe they just figure that is a good time to check vitals.

Of course the first day I had no food and about 0800 they came to get me
to take me to the operating room.  I was given a fresh gown, put on a
gurney and wheeled away.  Once in the operating room they gave me a an
anesthetic which deadened my right cheek and then gave me a shot and had
me count backwards from 100, I remember getting to about 80 and nothing
more until I woke up in my bed.  I had a bandage on my right cheek,
which also covered my right eye, but was not uncomfortable.  I noticed
Andy sitting by my bed and when he saw I was awake, told me the surgeon
wanted to know when I woke up and he was going to come and talk to me.
With that he left.

The doctor came in and told me all went well, that the bandage might
come off the next day and I would be there for three or four more days,
and that about the only scar I had was a slightly indented circle in my
upper cheek about the size of a quarter, which was rather red now, but
he told me after the bandage came off I was to use baby oil on it until
it cleared up and that also would stop it from becoming hard.

Once again I was in the dark, and had to rely on Andy and Bill to feed
me, hold my cock and aim it when I need to piss and to lead me to a
toilet if I needed to shit and to see that I was wiped clean afterward.
I had nothing to do but lie there and think.

I remembered last time I had been given some sleeping pills to help me
sleep and when one of the corpsmen came to check on him I asked him how
the pills would react with alcohol.  He told me one or two with whiskey
would probably knock one out for quite a while, but would not try more
than one the first time.  I think he thought I was going to try that
myself.  I had been thinking for a long time on how I could get back at
Park and now a plan was formulating in my mind.

After I had been fed my dinner I asked the corpsman to check with the
nurse to find out if it would be possible for me to get a sleeping pill,
that I had not been sleeping well lately and that there was some
discomfort with my face, but I did not want a pain pill, just something
to help me sleep.  I think he believed me and fortunately my nose was
not growing, as the last thing I intended to do was take the pill.  Now
I had to figure out how to get it but not take it when it was given to me.

Sometime later a corpsman returned and said the Dr. had okayed the pill
and wanted to know if I wanted a prescription for some to take with me
when I left.  This was great news and I said I would appreciate it, as
it would help me sleep and I had not been getting a good nights rest for
some time.

He then told me to open my mouth; he put a pill in and gave me water to
drink.  No way could I not take it.  It did not seem too much later when
I fell asleep and did not wake up until they came to take vitals the
next morning.

I dozed off and on until they brought breakfast and after having been
fed, two corpsmen then proceeded to remove my hospital gown and give me
a bath.  They were good at it, but of course with all the handling I
grew quite erect and they had several comments at my expense.  Finally
they decided I was clean enough and giving me a fresh gown, led me to a
chair to sit while they changed the bed.  The metal chair as cold on my
bare butt and my balls rested on the cold metal, so I was glad to get
back in the bed.

Once again I dozed off and on until I heard several voices and could
hear people in the ward.  Next I felt a hand on my shoulder and hear the
Dr. say they were going to remove the bandages and see how things
looked, and maybe with luck I would not have to have my eyes covered
again.  I could hear the snip of the scissors as they cut the bandage
off, and then was told to close my eyes until told to open them.  After
a few seconds the Dr said I could open my eyes, when I asked why he had
me shut them, he said so they could adjust to the light hitting the lids
before your opened them.  They fussed around me for a while and put some
small bandages on various places on my face, and I was told things were
looking good, and I would probably be released within a week.

Was great to go to the bathroom by myself, but looking in the mirror I
was a sight to behold.  I had small bandages over both eyes and one
large one on my right cheek.  The whiteness stood our against the tan I
had acquired, I wondered what I would look like they came off.  I
returned to bed and when Andy came through asked him if he could get me
some books to read.  He also said he would get me a pair of hospital
pajamas and a robe and if I wanted to go out in the courtyard between
the buildings he would get a chair and take me out.  Since it was a nice
sunny day I told him that would be nice.

Andy got me the chair and put it in the courtyard, then came back in and
walked out with me.  I noticed that the only windows were in the
building I had been in, and asked about it, Andy said the other side was
storage and the end wings were walkways with windows on the other side.
Thinking for a minute I asked him if he thought it would be all right if
I sunbathed in the nude to keep my tan up.  After thinking for a few
minutes he said he thought it would be ok as the nurse would not be
coming into the ward unless called since I was just recuperating and
really did not need any attention.  He returned to the ward and came
back out with a blanket and a sheet, he put the blanket down and then
the sheet, helped me off with the pajamas and I as I got ready to lay on
the sheet, turned to him laughing saying: "Guess I do need some
attention after all."  He looked perplexed and I said: "Look at me, I
have hair stubble and really need to be shaved."  He looked thoughtful
for a moment and said:  "Well when you go back in I guess I could shave
you if you wanted."  Laughing I said: "Not only wanted but needed as it
is beginning to itch."  Andy smiled and said:  "I will go get the things
ready, will come back for you in an hour."

I lay there soaking up the sun and planning my revenge on the general,
knew how I wanted it to happen, but would take careful planning and also
getting the co-operation of the generals aides which I thought I could
do without much trouble.  Before I realized it Andy was back and after
helping me up gathered up all the things including my pajamas and we
went back into the ward.

He had me go to the shower room and in a few minutes joined me; he was
absolutely magnificent in his nakedness.  He was a true red blonde and
his pubes had been trimmed, he did not have much hair on his body and
his cock swung free and easy over two nice sized balls, he was
completely unconcerned with his nakedness as if it were his natural
state.  It was all I could do to keep my cock from becoming steel hard
at the sight of him.  He did not make things any easier by turning on
the showers and getting my body nice and wet then taking a cloth he
gently washed me all over, taking care with my ass crack and my cock and
balls.  That did it, there was no way I could contain myself as my cock
grew up hard and demanding due to his ministrations.  He just ignored me
and went on with his washing, then turning the showers on again washed
the soap from my body and moving me away from the shower heads turned
them hot full blast filling the room with steam.  After a few minutes he
turned off the showers took me and led me to the nearest bed where he
had spread a rubber sheet, having me lay on my back he proceeded to put
shaving cream all over the front of my body and picking up a wicked
straight edge began to remove the stubble of hair from me.  He worked
swiftly and smoothly, starting at my shoulders and moving down to my
waist, then the armpits and arms, followed by the legs, he stropped the
razor and then began the task of removing the stubble from my waist
down, once again as he handled my cock it grew, and he just smiled as he
ran the razor up and down the shaft before letting it hit my stomach as
he shaved my balls.  Then taking a warm wet towel he gently wiped it
over my body removing any traces of shaving cream left.  He ran his
hands over me looking for stubble and satisfied with his work, told me
to turn over.  I do not have much hair on my back so he just used the
shaving cream from above my ass crack down the crack and on the ass
cheeks, before using the straight edge, it did not take him long to
finish and wipe me down.

Then much to my surprise I felt warm breath on my ass cheeks and next
felt his tongue moving up and down my crack before settling on the
rosebud opening of my ass, he rimmed, sucked and kissed my ass until I
was humping back into his face, and then it all stopped.  I felt
abandoned, but not for all as I felt hardness hitting my asshole as his
rampant cock demanded entrance into my body.  He shoved and I gasped, he
was big and was not taking it easy just moving all the way in with one
long smooth motion.  He whispered in my ear, we do not have much time,
sorry, and he began to pump his cock in and out of me.  It began to feel
good and I was soon pushing my ass back to meet his strokes.  He reached
around and felt for my cock and gently held it, and then without warning
pulled out, flipped me over and putting my legs on his shoulders he once
again entered my willing body.  He fucked me with abandon and I was
pushing back at him all the time.  He bent down and took the end of my
cock in his mouth and as he fucked me, also sucked me.  I could not hold
out and soon sent my jism to flood his mouth.  He picked up his pace of
fucking and soon plunged deep into me and held his cock there.  I could
feel it swell as it pumped his juice into my body.  As his cock shrunk
and slipped out he pulled me up, and walked me into the showers again,
when he rinsed both of us off and drying me got me into clean pajamas
and then dressed himself, and going back to the ward he got me to bed
and cleaned up the material from the shaving.  We had taken a chance on
getting caught but all had worked out well, as Andy told that time of
day most of the people were all busy elsewhere, but still we had to rush
it.  He reached over and kissed me and left the ward.

The next couple of days went slowly for me, but at last it was
determined I could go back to the K site.  Andy came in during the
afternoon, and once again showered and shaved me, but he had a lot to do
so we could not repeat the fun of the last shaving.  I was going to miss
both Andy and Bill when I left they had taken such good care of me.

I finished up the book I was reading, walked down and talked to the
nurse at the nurses station where four wards came together, they had
several people in the other wards so was glad that I did not require
much from her and that the corpsmen assigned to the ward could basically
do all that I needed.  Still was nice to chat with her, she was in the
mid twenties, brunette with a nice smile, and since she was wearing
fatigues hard to tell what kind of figure she had, but it helped pass
the time.  Feeling tired I asked for some sleeping pills which she gave
me and also a bottle of them which the Dr had prescribed for me to take
back with me.  Little did they know the real use for them.  I went back
to my bed, opened the bottle and put the pills she had given me into it
and got the others I had squirreled away and put them in the bottle, now
I had plenty for what I had in mind.

During then night I was awakened by the sensation of someone playing
with my butt.  As I came out of my sleep I realized that hands were
caressing my ass.  I had been sleeping on my stomach and Bill and Andy
had come in, removed the covers, undid the gown and now with one on each
side they were running their hands up and down the checks of my ass, up
to the small of my back and back down to where the butt cheeks met my
thighs.  One of them, I don't know which began to run his hand into the
crevice between my cheeks, I tried to turn to see what was going on, but
the room was dark and all I could see was shapes, but one was lighter
than the other so I deduced that Bill was the one with his hand in the
crevice of my ass.  The hand found my ass hole and I could feel the
fingers as they rubbed around the rosebud of my hole.  I felt another
pair of hands spread my ass checks as Andy helped Bill with his assault
on my hole. As the fingers moved and massaged my hole I could not but
help give out a moan of pleasure which alerted them that I was awake.

I felt one finger press gently on my ass hole and then more pressure was
added and the finger began its insertion up my rear chute.  It was
withdrawn and I heard Bill rummaging around in a paper sack, soon his
finger was back at my hole and he had but some lube on it and he again
inserted his finger up my ass, there was a little resistance at first,
then I felt the finger move easily up inside me.  He withdrew it again
and the next thing I knew I felt more pressure as he added a second
finger to the first and was pushing them past my sphincter muscle.  I
groaned a little and the deep bass voice asked me if I was in pain.  I
replied that it was beginning to feel nice, as I became accustomed to
the two large fingers in me.  He was began to fuck my ass with his
fingers pushing them all the way in and then all the way out, In and
out, in and out and Andy put more lube on his fingers when they were
withdrawn.  I could feel the fingers twisting around inside me making me
moan even more and when they found my prostate and rubbed over it I let
out a contented moan of pleasure, now I felt a third finger being
inserted and stretching my sphincter even more.  My ass started to rise
and fall as he finger fucked with those big fingers.  I let out a cry
when I felt the fingers withdrawn from my ass, it felt so empty.

But not for long as another set of fingers took over fucking me and I
looked to the side to see a huge ebony cock aiming at me.  I did not
hesitate but changing my position wrapped my lips around that cock and
began to suck on it, I kept going further and further down and was
surprised when I felt my nose hit pubic hair, I had all of him in my
mouth and throat and was stretched to the limit by this huge ebony
weapon, but I loved it.  Bill said to me "Yeah, suck my cock, get it
nice and wet.  You are going to need it as slick as can be."  In the
meantime Andy had worked four of his fingers up my ass, and with each
penetration I moaned a little which added to Bill's pleasure of having
me suck his cock I developed a rhythm, as Andy would shove his fingers
in me, I would pull of Bill's cock a little and push back on Andy's
fingers.  When Andy pulled out I would push my mouth down Bill's cock
and take his cock as deep in my throat as I could.

Andy then said "Let's switch" to which Bill replied "Sure."

When they pulled out, they had me get on all fours. The ivory cock was
now presented to my mouth, but it was not fingers, which were tapping at
the hole of my ass, but the long hard cock of Bill. Being well lubed
from the finger fucking his cock slipped in easily.  He pressed in only
as far as head of his cock could get passed my sphincter; he stayed
there for a moment before pulling all the way out.  Again he slid his
cock into me and then out again. He did this several times and then he
went passed the sphincter and slowly slid his cock all the way into me,
and I could feel his pubic hair against my ass.  I was moaning around
Andy's cock and he was saying "Oh Yeah that feels so fucking good."

Slowly Bill pulled all the way out and then pushed back inside, he did
this several times each time a little harder and then he shoved his cock
hard into my ass until his balls were slapping against me.  He now began
to fuck me in earnest.  He rammed my ass hard, in and out, in and out,
his cock slammed into me and his balls slapped against my ass.

With Andy's cock in my mouth and Bill's cock up my ass I was filled by
these two studs, there was not love in it.  It was pure lust of all
three of us acting on animal instincts.  Andy reached under me and gave
my cock a few strokes as he rammed in and out of my ass.  I was rock
hard when he grabbed me I hadn't touched myself.  Sweat was pouring off
our bodies and we were all wet with the animal lust of our sexual encounter.

Andy said, "I'm going to cum soon."  Bill replied "Me too."  I could
only moan in agreement as Andy's cock was busy fucking my face.

It only took a few more strokes and all three of us came together, I
could feel Bill shove his cock all the way inside me as it pulsed with
the discharge of his sperm, I was swallowing as fast as I could the
copious amount of cum which Andy was shooting into my mouth, jet after
jet of Andy's cum went down my throat and I lost none of it. My own cock
shot blast after blast of my cum on the sheets and I never touched myself.

As soon as we finished I collapsed and Bill and Andy fell on top of me.
None of us could move for a while. Finally Andy and Bill got up, left
the room and in a few minutes returned.  One of them, I don't know which
began to suck my asshole and got rid of the cum which was leaking out,
after cleaning me, they lifted me over on another bed as they quickly
stripped my bed and remade it.  Then putting me back to bed after
putting my gown back on, they each kissed me wishing me a good night and
left.  I fell into a deep and dreamless sleep; exhausted by the sexual
excess we had just completed.

The next morning, I awoke sore and stiff but felt good.  When the Dr.
made his rounds he said I could dress and go to the Officers Club for a
while if I wanted but had to be back in bed by 2000 hours.

I decided it would be good go get out and dressed and walked over to the
club, had a scotch and was looking at the bay when a major in the
marines walked over and asked if he could join me at my table.  Since we
were the only two in the bar at that time I of course said yes.

Turned out he had grown up in the Orient and had been in the states in
his senior year of college when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor.  He had
been taking ROTC in college and upon graduation and commissioning he had
been sent to the Asian area, as he was fairly fluent in Japanese and
Mandarin Chinese. As we talked he gave me some insights into the
character of the oriental, especially the Japanese and to some extent
the Korean, as they were dominated by the Japanese for so many years.

He tried to explain to me why they seemed to be such an incomprehensible
contradiction.  Both polite and barbarous, honest and treacherous, brave
and cowardly, industrious and lazy, and all at the same time.  To them
these were not anomalies but one united whole, and they could not
understand why Westerners could not comprehend it.  To them a man
without contradictions could not be respected.  That type of man was
just a simple person not worthy of notice.
The more numerous the contradictions in a man the deeper he was and his
very existence was richer the more he struggled with himself.

Their philosophy was derived mainly from Buddhism.  And the belief that
all is vanity and nothing can be differentiated because nothing has
entity or identity  "I" has no entity and is an illusion appearing and
disappearing as the Almighty Wheel of Causality moves on.  Nobody,
knows  or is responsible for the movements of change.  Because of their
beliefs and our not understanding them there was a great gulf between
the east and the west.

Even with his explanation I was still in the dark, but could at least
understand a bit more of why the general and some others behaved the way
they did.  This did not deter me from my original purpose of someday
soon bringing retribution to the general for his treatment of me.  But
even more disturbing was that I was seeing some of the same traits the
major had attributed to the oriental in myself.

We spent a pleasant enough afternoon and after diner I returned to the
hospital, and that night I did need a sleeping pill.

Two days later I was released and given instructions on how to care for
my face, as well as a packet to give to the corpsman at the base and
some medicine to take with me.  I was overjoyed to see the bottle of
sleeping pills included.

As I was finishing my packing to leave Alex walked in, he had been able
to arrange to fly over to pick me up.  Seeing no one in the room he
wrapped his arms around me and pressing his lips over mine demanded
entrance into my mouth.  Soon our tongues were dueling with each other,
as our bodies ground together and I could my cock hardening and feel his
doing the same.  Breaking away, he said let's get out of here and home
where we can be alone somewhere.

I checked out of the hospital, and we were driven to the airstrip and
were soon flying across the familiar route to the compound.  It was a
glorious day and all was right now that I was going back with my love
and was finished with the hospital.

We landed and caught a ride to the compound, I unpacked and we went to
the club for  a drink then on to dinner.  We had arranged to get the
developing room for later that night and were looking forward to it.
Alex, had a roll of film which could be developed and we used that as an
excuse to get the room.

I looked at all the familiar faces and was content to be home again.


Comments; afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Wed, 23 Jun 2004 15:07:11 -0600
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 24

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 24


We must have dozed off, as the next thing I remember was Alex gently
lapping and sucking on my nipples, as his fingers were fingering my
ass.  He kept this up until he knew I was wide awake and then turning me
on my back knelt between my legs and lifted them over his shoulders.  I
could see his hard cock pointing skyward as he settled into position and
knew where it would soon be.    He placed the plum colored head of his
cock at the entrance to my body, pausing for a moment to let me relax
the ass muscles then calculatingly pushed through the outer sphincter.

I groaned as his huge cock entered my ass moved up plowing deeper and
deeper causing the nerve endings to flicker like candles in a slight
breeze, sending new and wonderful erotic messages to my brain.  My own
cock was now rigid and pulsing with lust as Alex continued his journey
up my rectal passage.  Inch after inch moved he moved up inside me until
he bottomed out and I could feel his balls against my ass, I could feel
the veins on his cock as he let it stay motionless so I could adjust to
its fullness in me.  Alex began to slowly pull out and the flared head
of his cock moved against the walls of my ass and hitting nerve endings
caused blood to flow rapidly into the tissues of my ass.   I was on fire
and Alex sensing this began to pace himself to prolong the fuck for as
long as he could.  He settled on a deliberate rhythm, and the friction
against my ass walls was powerful, he pulled almost out a couple of
times and spit on his hand to give some lubrication to his thrusting
cock. Then he began once again to set up a rhythm and alternated between
short swift thrusts and long deep ones.  My ass was on fire and its
muscles were clenching at the powerful cock as it moved inside of me,
then with a cry he drove his cock deep inside of me and I could feel it
pulse and throb as he unloaded his sperm into me.  He gently lay down on
me and kissed me deeply, then once again murmured: Greg, I love you."  I
was in heaven I had just fucked him and now he returned the favor and to
me it was an affirmation of our undying love for each other.

We rested for a while then dressed and walked back to the compound, by
this time it was getting dark and as there was no one left in the
general's administration building that could see us, so Alex had his
hand inside my shorts and was fingering my ass hole as I did the same to
him under his kilt.  We stopped every so often and kissed and then when
we were close to the compound removed our hands and licked our fingers
clean as we made our way to the barracks to grab towels and on for a
good hot shower.

The next evening as soon as we had finished eating we raced back to the
barracks and I stripped putting on just running shorts and shoes, Alex
met wearing his kilt and shoes and we sprinted over and up the rise to
the gym, Entering the room and after locking the door I turned and
kissed him on the lips, he then began kissing my bare skin as he moved
down my torso.  I pulled him up and seeing his nipples were already
erect I closed my lips over the right one and then the left one, may had
strayed to his hard round ass and then I began to undo his kilt.  My
hard cock pulsed against my shorts spotting them with a large spot of
precum.  I knelt and removed his kilt and his cock leaped upward, I
lowered my mouth and sucking hard tasted the sweetness of his precum.
He pulled me up and clutched me to his hard body, his hands roaming over
my back and ass.  He breathed into my ear "let's fuck".  I looked at him
and asked, "Who goes first?"  He replied we will soon find out, and
kneeling pulled off my shorts and pulled me down on the mat.

Lips and tongues found the hard pulsing cocks and we licked and sucked
each other precum flowing from each cock head.  I rolled over so I was
on the bottom, as I knew if I stayed on top I might come before either
of us got a chance to fuck each other.

Alex's cock probed the back of my throat, but did not go down.  I began
laving his wonderful full nuts, and then stuck my tongue up his ass.  He
briefly lost track of blowing me and using both hands pulled his ass
cheeks apart, giving me easier access to his sensitive anal opening.  I
began to realize as I licked harder that my rimming was priming him to
be the first fucked this evening.  I was okay with that but given the
blowing he had given me, I doubted if it would be a long ride.  All of a
sudden he spun around and grabbing my hard cock aimed it at his asshole,
and he was smiling at me as he sat down, taking every inch of me into
his body.  He wiggled around as he felt my pubes brush his ass cheeks.
I looked up at him as he fucked himself.  All of a sudden I realized he
needed to be fucked by me more than I needed to fuck him, this was
giving another new dimension to our relationship.  With his ass muscles
working on my cock and his twisting and turning as he lowered himself up
and down on my cock I realized that there was no way I could hold off
the impending explosion much longer.

I warned him, but he only smiled and doubled his efforts.  "I want to
feel your cock throb and pulse in me as it shoots its sperm into my ass
and gives me delight" he muttered as he bent down to kiss me and stick
his tongue deep into my mouth.  My hands grabbed his hips and pulled him
down as I thrust upward into him.  A groan signifying the coming climax
came from my throat.  Alex kissed me harder as my body went rigid and my
hips shot up again and again as I unloaded my hot cum into his willing
body.  He could feel the contractions of my cock and cried out "Yes,
Greg! Fill my ass with your sweet cum!!"  When I again got control of my
body I ran my hands over his back and hard ass enjoying the play of his
muscles, and told him he was the best fuck ever.

He reached around and began playing with my nuts and wiggled back and
forth on my still buried cock.  "I want every bit of your cum in me" he
said, but it could not last and soon my shrinking cock began slipping
from his ass.

Looking down at me and grinning, he said "Well guess whose turn it is
now?" as he grasped his turgid hard cock in his hand.   "You expect me
to sit on that telephone pole" I asked him.  "Just long enough for it to
completely get into your ass: then I have something special planned" he
said.

Get on fast before I come he said as I grabbed his cock and facing him
sat slowly down.  The big knob opened me up and slid in followed by the
thick shaft.  I groaned for a moment as he fed his thick cock into my
ass channel.  When I had finally taken all of his great cock into me he
rolled my over on my back and slowly began to pump in and out of me. I
wanted it to last so I did not use my ass muscles to milk his cock, he
pushed both legs to one side and rolled me on my side rolling me over on
my stomach, never once letting his cock slip from my ass.  Pulling me up
on all fours he whispered in my ear "Doggie style, we need a change". I
looked back over my shoulder and smiled at him as he proceeded to pump
in and out of my ass.  Leaning back he pushed his cock even deeper and
began pulling my hips to meet his thrusting into me. I yelped at the
sudden depth and tried to move away, but he held me tight and ramming me
harder with his hands on my shoulders to give him more leverage.

Strange, the harder he pounded his cock into my ass the more I enjoyed
it.  He covered me from my shoulders to my knees and I began to raise my
ass a little each time he plunged in, milking him, teasing him to fuck
me even deeper.  "You love this?" Alex moaned.  "You know I do love.
Now fuck my ass hard1" I replied as I tried to tighten up my ass muscles
on his positioning cock.  "OH, FUCK!!", he shouted  "I cant' hold it any
longer have got to cum" Alex held on to me tighter than before and
pounded my ass with quick deep thrusts, I felt his cock pulse and jerk
as he shot his cum into me.  "Great hot ass" he murmured, as I said
"Alex, pump me full, give me all that cum you have stored in those
nuts!!"  He continued to pound away at my ass gaining utmost delight as
more and more cum spurted from his pulsing cock.  Finally, he slowed and
then stopped.  "Fuck, what I great fucking ass you have Greg" he said.
I turned and looking at him said: "Don't think of pulling out, I want
all of that cum to drain into me, and I like you lingering on my body
like this."  He replies "I'll get too heavy" and I told him if that
happens I would roll him off of me.  "How did I ever be so lucky to find
you Greg, you are such a great good man"  "Luck had nothing to do with
it, I fell for you and caught you and now we are one."  And, with that I
gave his cock a good squeeze with my ass muscles.  After a while his
cock slipped from my ass and he rolled off pulling me back against him
as he let his hands play with my nipples and cock.  We enjoyed the
afterglow of wonderful sex, and then he insisted that I do some work on
my gymnastics and on getting back into shape.

I had a good work out and enjoyed doing it as Alex lay back and watched
me go through various routines and exercises as my cock and balls
flopped around.  When he helped me on the rings he could not resist and
gently took my cock into his mouth and played with it until I was fully
hard and erect then he let me go.  The bastard to get me primed and then
walk away leaving my cock oozing precum and anxious to blow its load.  I
would get him someday.  I proceeded to do the ring routines and
dismounted doing a somersault and ending up at his feet.  I tripped him
and began eating his ass out as if there were no tomorrow and when he
began to beg me to shove my cock in, I slapped him on the ass and said
time to go home, grabbed my shorts, pulled them on got my shoes and
unlocking the door and fixing it to lock itself jotted down the hill.
Alex was hunting for his kilt, which I had thrown behind some stacked
mats, so I was on my home when he finally left the gym.  I grabbed a
towel and headed for the showers, there were several others there as I
took my place under a showerhead and began to soap up.  In a few minutes
Alex came roaring in, but seeing the others calmly took a shower head
down from me and giving me a dirty look began to soap up.  The others
were beginning to leave so I hurriedly rinsed, and grabbing my towel
left without even drying, I really did not want to be caught alone with
Alex now in the mood he was in.  I got back to my bunk dressed and went
to the club.  Later Alex came in stared at me, got a drink, came over
and sat across from me so that his cock and balls were visible to me,
and finally grinning said "Guess it served me right, but your time will
come.

Col. Crane came in and joined us, we chatted for a while and he finally
asked if Saturday evening would be all right for the four of us to get
together in the gym, and then asked me if he gave me a list of items
would I be able to get them from the general's store.  I told him there
would be no problem, but why did he want them, and was told he needed to
teach Sgt. Rice a few things, and thought we could help.  So it seemed
that this was going to turn into more than just a four way.  He thought
Saturday would be a good day, as there was a beach party that day that
Rice had to stay with until the end and the three of us could come back
earlier and get things ready.  Just as I was going to ask some questions
Rice came in and getting a drink joined us.  He looked healthy and happy
and leaned over and whispered something in Crane's ear before sitting
down.   He looked as if he had been poured into his clothes.  His tee
shirt was to so tight you could see his muscles move and his tits stood
out hard and firm pushing the fabric up.  His shorts were cut high and
as he sat one of his nuts slipped out from under the shorts, you could
see his cock lying sideways in the shorts and the zipper looked ready to
pop.  Crane dropped his hand and as we talked he was constantly slapping
and flicking the nut outside the shorts, causing Rice to wiggle and
twitch and after one slap groan out load which earned him a hand closing
around the nut and squeezing it hard, as Crane put a finger to his lips
and shook his head no.  Rice was in pain and you could see the agony in
his eyes as he struggled not to let out a sound.  Finally with one last
hard squeeze Crane let go and Rice exhaled one deep breath and then
gulped air into his lungs, saying "Thank you sir" to Crane.  Alex and I
looked at each other, and wondered to what plain their relationship and
progressed.  After a pleasant evening we walked back to the barracks,
but just outside the club, Crane asked Rice for his shorts and then made
him walk half naked back and into the Col.'s. room.  Alex and I went in
our section and were soon sound asleep, each wishing we were in the same
bed together.

The next evening, I headed up to the gym ahead of Alex, as I had the
Col.'s list and wanted to make sure that I could get everything he
wanted.  I made my way to the general's cache of sex toys and could see
that everything was available, so I went down to the gym, stripped and
began to do my exercise before beginning the gymnastic routines.  As I
was finishing up Alex, came in and was standing naked and hard as I
dismounted from the horse and asked him to help me up on the rings, this
time he just lifted me and left, sat and watched as a completed my
routine and dismounted.  I trotted over to him and he grabbed me locking
his lips on mine and thrusting his tongue into my mouth.  We kissed and
dueled with tongues for a while and then slowly sank down on the mats.

We ended up in 69 position, but after licking and sucking his cock, I
moved on to his balls, then the perineum and up his ass crack.  Once
again Alex could not hold back his need to be fucked after a good and
thorough rimming.  I had found his week spot.  With his tight, round
hard ass in my face there was no way I could stop myself from working my
tongue up and down his crack the way he loved it most.  I slowly licked
up and down the crack and teased his tight pucker with my tongue, which
only seemed to drive him to higher feelings of lust.  He was now trying
to mirror what I was doing, but his limit of how much rimming he could
take before needing to be fucked was lower than mine.  He flipped over
on his back and pulled his legs up opening his ass and making his
twitching asshole available to my cock placing my cockhead at the
entrance to his body I pushed and it slowly entered into him.  My cock
was surrounded by warm pulsating flesh as it made its way up the rectal
canal and finally I could feel my balls and pubes against his ass.  I
alternated between slow and deep, fast and short strokes until he was
panting and calling on me to fuck him harder.  The closer I got to
cumming the louder and more urgently he urged me on.  We moaned into
each others mouths as we kissed fervently, "I'm going to cum Greg, you
are fucking it out of me", he moaned as he broke our kiss.  I quickly
rose up, bent down, first licking and then sucking his ballooned
cockhead into my mouth.  He bucked up when he felt my lips and tongue
slurping up his precum, His body jerked upward again and I got the first
spurt of his cum in my mouth, which made me suck even harder.  I
swallowed rapidly as each strong spurt erupted from the slit in his
cock, hitting the roof and back of my mouth. His ass muscles clenched
and unclenched with each shot from this cock.  At the apex of his climax
his sphincter clamped down so hard on my cock, it closed off the blood
supply to it and increased the sensitivity of my swollen cockhead.  I
had been on the edge of cumming and now the added action held me hard
deep in his ass and sent me over the edge.  I yelled as my orgasm
overtook me, at the same time I was spurting into his bowels he sent
another load into my mouth, and part of it dripped out and down my chin
onto him.  Swallowing more of his cum I pushed hard into his ass and
began sending more shots of my thick cum deep into him.  Alex placed his
hands on my ass, pulling me tight into him as my hips piston in and out
on their own accord, I could not believe how often I felt my cock pulse
and my nuts kick more and more cum up his ass.  "Fuck me!  What a ride
you gave me" Alex said smiling up at me, I returned his smile and
looking down saw that after his cock has slipped from my mouth he had
shot again and ropes of thick white cum lay on his chest from his cock
to his throat, cum pooled in his navel and from his puffy cock slit cum
still oozed out dropping on his belly.  "Greg, keep fucking, I want all
that cock juice in me and none dribbling on to my leg after you pull
out" he told me.  Being a good lover I complied and when my cock had
shrunk and slipped from his ass, I bent my head and cleaned up the cum
he had spilled on his body, even going as far as to lick up my own cum
which was leaking our around his asshole as he licked and cleaned my
cock of my cum and his ass juices.  When we both were clean we lay
contentedly in each other arms, knowing all was right with the world,
and wondering what tomorrow would bring at the beach and with Crane and
Rice here in the evening.   We were content, we had each other and the
world seemed to be ours.

In the afterglow of such glorious sex, we lay entwined, kissing and
cuddling and once again exploring each other's bodies with our hands,
when our breathing and heartbeats had returned to normal, we slowly got
up, dressed and went back to have a good hot shower and then on to the
club for a few drinks.

Col. Crane came in while we were there and quietly asked if I had found
everything, to which I said yes and that it would all be ready when he
and Rice got to the gym, He stood us a round of drinks and we chatted
about the beach trip and how summer's end was going to affect what we
had been doing, we knew that the winter was going to be cold, but just
how cold we could only surmise.   Finishing our drinks we all returned
to our respective beds and so to sleep.

The next day dawned hot and humid, I woke up drenched in sweat and on
damp sheets, I hoped that our houseboy would change them today as they
were getting a bit rank, he had been changing them quite often, so felt
that he would get them taken care of.  I looked around the bay and could
see most of the other's were lying on top of their sheets, and there
were some nice looking hardon's sticking up all over the place.  One
cock though seemed soft, and I was curious enough to sneak over and take
a peek.  Then I could see that sometime it had spewed its load on the
stomach and chest of the captain it belonged to, and there was still an
undried puddle in his navel. That must have been some dream.

After shaving and using some of the water left by the houseboy to take a
sponge bath I dressed in pair of running shorts and some deck shoes,
then feeling hungry slipped on a flight suit and walked over to get some
breakfast.  Since I was the only one there and the room was hot, when my
breakfast came I unzipped the suit and shrugged it off my shoulders so
it fell down to my waist on the chair, it was at least a little cooler.
As I was finishing several of the others came in, mostly wearing tee
shirts and khaki pants, after finishing I pulled up the flight suit and
walked back to the barracks.  Stripping off the suit I found some cool
water and once again wiped my body down.

Soon the trucks and jeeps were at the gate and those going to the beach
found their places, Alex and I were in one of the jeeps, and I could see
Col. Crane and Sgt. Rice in another.  Crane looked pleased and Rice
looked a little unsettled, I noticed that all he was wearing was a pair
of very brief shorts, and Crane had adjusted them so that Rice's balls
hung outside.  What I did not know but found out later was that Crane
had shoved a dildoe up Rice's ass.  Since the ride to the beach was
quite bumpy this must have give Rice quite a ride on that dildoe as he
looked quite distressed when we finally got to the beach.

Once again everyone stripped off and we were all naked and enjoying the
water and the breeze coming off the sea.  It made the beach area quite
pleasant.  I saw Crane and Rice come walking toward us, Crane was in
back of Rice and had his hand down by Rice's ass, when they got to us
Crane had Rice lie down on his stomach and then we could see what Crane
was doing.  He was working a dildoe in and out of Rice's asshole, and
every so often would shove it in as far as he could.  Since we were
rather around a small headland, the others really could not see what was
going on.  Then Crane rolled Rice over on his back and shoved the dildoe
in, so it would stay and began to flick and slap Rice's balls, Rice was
moaning and groaning and was twitching around.  Crane grabbed hold of
his nuts and began squeezing them, telling him to lie still or it would
get worse.  Letting go he went back to playing with the nuts, and then
the nipples and Rice was unable to keep his body still.  Crane looked at
us and just smiled, mouthing wait until this evening.

We swam, played touch football, and enjoyed what we felt might be out
last time at the beach this season.  All too soon it was time to return
to the compound.

After, showering and eating, Alex and I went up to the gym, and then
went to the general's store of toys and put the one's the colonel wanted
into a bag to take down to the gym.  I did some weight lifting, then
some exercises and finally began to do a floor routine to warm up.  I
went from that to the horse and then decided to try the bars again, as
had been quite some time. I soon found out that my armpits were not
quite as tough as they used to be when I came down on the parallel bars,
but the high low bar work went well.  I was just finishing up on the
rings when Crane and Rice arrived, for some reason my cock had become
hard while on the rings and as I dismounted, it slapped against my belly
as my balls flopped down below.  I was sweating quite a bit and Crane
told Rice who was now naked to lick the sweat from my body while the
talked to Alex.

Rice began to lick the sweat from me and the feel of his tongue on my
body only excited me more, and I was afraid I was going to cum from this
intense feeling I was getting from having my body cleaned by someone's
tongue.  I indicated this to the colonel and he told me to go ahead and
fuck Rice, not to use any lube, but just my sweat and shove it to him
good.  Rice looked at the colonel who glared back at him and then Rice
bent over spreading his ass checks so I could see his asshole.  I guided
my cock to his opening and in one shove got about half way in, another
shove and my nuts were bouncing off his ass cheeks.  He was still tight,
but not as tight as when we first fucked him, I fucked him fast and
furious as I felt my balls begin to draw up and then as the first load
of cum spurted into his ass I shoved my cock in as far as I could get
it, and reaching around found him hard, so I dropped my hand down to his
nuts and began squeezing, as I knew he was not to cum yet, his cock
softened and I left mine in his ass until it grew soft and slipped out,
then I walked in front of him and made him lick my cock clean of the cum
and ass juices that were on it.

Colonel Crane, now called Rice over to the parallel bars and using
handcuffs cuffed him to the bars, he was now standing on tip toes, and
the next thing was to put a bar spreader between his ankles, spreading
his feet as far apart as possible, this now left him hanging by his
arms.  Next nipple clamps were attached and one pound weights hung from
the clamps.  His balls were pulled down by Alex as the colonel attached
a two inch ball stretcher and then snapped a ball separator on to it and
forced Rice's balls to separate and his nut sack looked as if it were
transparent and would break open between the nuts being forced apart and
so far down in the sack.  Next Crane took some heat ointment from the
bag and coated the balls with it causing Rice to writhe in pain.
Leather straps were tied around his cock causing it to resemble a small
chain of link sausage as it bulged between the straps.  One strap was
tied tight just below the cock head, and from it Crane hung a pound
weight and then hung a ten-pound weight from the bound balls.  Grabbing
a large dildo he shoved it up Rice's ass after first coating it with Ben
Gay.  Then walking around decided to hang another pound weight to each
of the nipple clamps.  Then satisfied slapped each bound ball with his
hand and turned to Alex and me saying, "Let's fuck".

We moved over to the mats and Crane grabbed Alex kissing him and running
his hands over the muscular body, then releasing Alex he grabbed me and
the next thing I knew his tongue was deep in my mouth and he had a
couple of fingers up my ass.  He broke the kiss and beckoned to Alex,
and moving away whispered something to him.  Alex looked a little leery
but nodded.  Crane came back over to me and began kissing and fucking
his fingers in and out of my ass, and then I felt it.  Alex was in back
of me and pushing his cock up my ass as I was standing; when it was all
the way in Crane dropped to his knees and began to suck on my cock,
taking it all the way into his throat.  I had never been taken like this
before and was soon moaning and groaning with pleasure as the two men
were hitting the right points in and on my body.  Crane and Alex were
both playing with my tits and Alex was nibbling at my ears and throat as
he fucked me.   It did not take long until Crane brought me to a climax
and I filled his mouth with my juice, as my ass muscles clamped down
during the orgasm it caused Alex to shoot his load up my ass and I could
feel his cock pulse with each shot.  As they stopped their ministrations
of me I slumped down on the mat for a needed rest.  Crane had not gotten
off and he pushed Alex down on the mat, lifted his legs and began to eat
his ass, after a while he raised up and gave his cock to Alex to suck
and then moved back down and with one great push embedded his cock all
the way into Alex.  Alex groaned, as he was not used to such an entrance
but Crane remained still as Alex's canal grew used to the size of the
invader and then he began to fuck Alex fast and furious.  When it seemed
he was about to cum he stopped and kissed Alex, played with the tits and
just remained still until his balls had relaxed and then he began
fucking Alex again slow and with deliberate strokes.  Alex by this time
was moaning and throwing his head back and forth in unrestrained lust as
he wanted Crane to fuck him again hard and fast, but Crane was a master
at getting a man to the peak and keeping him there.  Finally Alex could
take no more and his cock began to spurt long white ropes of cum onto
his and Crane's chests, and then Crane shoved his cock into Alex deep
and screamed "I'm cumming!!"  Crane collapses on Alex as Alex's legs
slipped down to the floor, they both were gasping for breath from their
intense session.

I looked over at Rice and could see he was in pain, but there was
nothing I could do about it.  His body was covered with sweat and
glistened in the light coming into the gym, his balls were being pulled
down and his tits were pulled out and down from his chest, his hard cock
was forced in a downward position by the weight hanging from the head of it.

When Crane had calmed down he presented his cock to Alex to lick clean
and then got up and walked over to Rice.  He rummaged in the bag and
took out two suction cups, and then releasing one nipple clamp
immediately placed a suction cup over the distended tit, and then did
the same to the other one.  The blood going back into the tits and the
suction caused Rice to buck in his bounds as the pain hit him.  Crane
hit his balls with his hand causing him to buck more, another five pound
weight was added to the ten pounds already hanging from his balls, and
more Ben Gay was applied to his cock and balls.
I wondered what he had done to deserve such treatment, but knew better
than to ask.

We sat and talked for a while and then there was a knock on the door,
Crane got up and opened it letting in about a dozen very muscular
Korean's wearing just shorts.  He spoke to them for a while and they
stripped off their shorts showing very large cocks, which were rapidly
becoming erect.  Crane walked over to Rice and motioned to Alex to come
and help him.  They removed the bar spreading his legs, and undid the
cuffs holding him to the bars.  Rice slumped to the floor, they grabbed
him and placed him over the horse face down and tied his arms and legs
to the legs of the horse so his ass and head were accessible.  Then
Crane removed the gag from his mouth and motioned to the Koreans to
begin. They then began to gang rape Rice using his mouth and ass to get
off, this went on for quite some time and Crane, Alex and I kissed and
fondled and made love to each other as if we were in a room by ourselves.

The Korean's used Rice as if he were a two bit whore, fucking him and
making him suck them, some of them went at least twice and maybe more,
Rice's ass hole was distended and pulsing when they finished with him,
dressed and left.

The colonel and Alex untied Rice and threw him on the mats; Alex shoved
his hard cock into Rice's sore ass and rolled them both over so Rice was
lying face up on Alex, the colonel then raised Rice's legs and shoved
his cock in next to Alex's and they began to double fuck Rice.  The next
thing I saw was the colonel reach over and grab a good sized dildo and
then he began to work that into Rice along with his and Alex's cocks.
Rice moaned in pain and Alex reached up and pulled and tugged on Rice's
red and extended nipples.  They continued their assault on him for quite
some time and when they finally came pulled out leaving the dildo still
imbedded in Rice's ass.  The colonel then reached over and got a large
dildo and shoved that up Rice's ass next to the one already there, then
taking some leather straps ran them around Rice's waist and down between
his ass cheeks to keep the dildoes in place, they were then fastened to
a two inch separator above his balls.  Since the straps were tight if
the dildoes tried to work their way out they would pull Rice's balls
back toward his ass, and they were already stretched to their limit.
Rice was then told to dress and return to the compound and that the
colonel expected to see him in the club when we returned and he was to
buy us all drinks.

Rice painfully began to get dressed, and as he was putting on his shirt
the colonel stopped him and placed clamps on his nipples, they were
connected by a chain and he put some weights on the chain.  When the
shirt was on it was evident of what was under it.  Rice looked angry,
but finished dressing, and as the colonel bent over Rice licked and
sucked his ass hole before leaving.

Crane then told us that Rice had seen a young good looking Korean
recruit and had raped him, the boy had been a virgin and knew nothing
about man to man sex, until Rice had his way with him. Rice had been
drunk when it happened and Colonel Crane gave him the choice of an
Article 15, which would go into his record, or he could take whatever
punishment the colonel deemed appropriate.  Rice had been an exemplary
soldier up to this one fuck up and so he decided to accept whatever the
colonel decided.  The punishment was to show Rice that the Koreans were
off limits to him and that he Crane controlled him.  He informed us that
from here on out Rice would be forced to wear butt plugs/dildoes and/or
nipple clamps, ball stretchers and separators each day for a week, he
would be forbidden to wear any kind of underwear and furthermore would
be at used by Crane and whoever he gave him to without question until
either he or the colonel were transferred out.  Harsh treatment in light
of what was going on but it made Rice the colonel's plaything.

It also showed us that under the colonels easy going exterior there
lurked a man with some sadistic tendencies of which were unaware, but
decided to be on the lookout for.

We showered, dressed, and I returned the items we had borrowed from the
general's store of goods, with the exception of what Rice was still
wearing, and we walked back to the compound in companionable silence.

We went into the club and Rice was chatting with some of the men.  When
he saw us come in he went to the bar and ordered drinks, which he
brought over to where we were sitting.  Crane, said "It seems a bit warm
in here, why don't you unbutton your shirt?"  With a look of anguish
Rice obeyed and Crane reached over and pulled on the chain connecting
the nipple clamps.  Looking at Rice he asked, "Which one of those in the
club would you fancy for tonight?"  Rice replied "None tonight."  Crane
then called over six of the biggest airmen, had Rice buy them drinks and
then told them.  "Take the good sergeant over to the guest quarters and
use him as you see fit.  You may remove any or all of the items which
you will find him wearing, and can reattach any you want to when you
have finished with him.  Now go and have some fun."  Two of the six took
Rice by the arms and they all marched out of the club, all grinning
except Rice who had a look of shock and terror on his face.

We finished our drinks and went back to our barracks, going past the
guest quarters we could hear the laughter and also the pleadings of Rice
as he was used and abused by the six airmen.  Crane smiled and bid us
good night.  Alex and I were fairly exhausted so we went immediately to
bed, and I was asleep almost at once.

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Sun, 16 May 2004 15:46:36 -0600
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 23

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 23

The next two weeks were idyllic for Alex and I. the general was gone to
Seoul for meetings and things were going nice at the compound.  Each
evening Alex and I would change into shorts and walk up to the general's
headquarters to use the gym.  Not that we did much actually with the
equipment but it gave us some privacy, as I could lock us in the gym
area.  Song-San was gone also for a month, so we more or less that the
place to ourselves,

The first night as soon as the door was locked we stripped and then held
each other tight as we kissed and let our hands roam.  It was so nice to
just feel and be felt and know that we did no have to worry about anyone
coming in.  We were standing on an exercise mat and slowly knelt than
lay on the mat and somehow our positions had changed and I found myself
toughing and kissing his cock head and could feel his tongue working its
way under my foreskin.  We suckled and kissed each other's cocks and
each time it seemed one would come the other would grab the balls, pull
them down as far as they could and then pinch the cockhead.  Needless to
say that was a deflating experience.  After this happened several times,
Alex pulled me up and led me over to the pommel horse.  He had me lay
over it as he spread my legs and his tongue and mouth worked it s magic
in my ass crack and on my asshole.  He licked, kissed, and sucked on me
until I was squirming around and then without warning he shoved his cock
completely into mo.

I let out a gasp as he bent down and then began to nibble on my ear as
my ass channel adjusted to his cock and his fingers played with my
nipples.  It did not take long until I was shoving my ass back at him
and he began fucking me, alternating long and slow fucks with fast and
furious ones where his nuts banged against my ass cheeks, it was heaven
as I shoved my ass back at him.  Suddenly there was emptiness in my ass
as he pulled completely out.  I lay there quivering and turned with a
questioning look on my face.  He grabbed me around the waist pulled me
up, turned me and grabbing my erect cock, led me to a mat and pushing me
down on my back he put my legs on his shoulders and once again his cock
found its home in my ass.

He played with until I was thrashing with want and desire to have him
fuck me, but he would just rest his cock fully in me or pull it so just
the head and a bit was held by the sphincter muscle.  He was teasing me
and playing with my nipples, fondling my nuts, running his finger under
my foreskin and around the base of the head of my cock where it was the
tenderest, and all the time holding me captive on the mat.

Suddenly he began to piston in and out of my ass and he was hitting my
prostate with every in and out stroke as he twisted his cock in me.  My
cock stood up and spewed a load of cum, some of which arched over my
head; some hit my face and the rest on my chest and stomach.  Alex
reached down to lick up what cum he could and rested from his fucking of
me.  I was pushing back as I wanted it so damn bad, but he was running
this show.  Finally he began to slowly fuck me again and damn if he did
play on my prostate again, he kept it up until I shot a second load and
then he picked up speed and finally I could feel his cock swell and I
knew he was shooting his seed into my body.  He collapsed on me and we
kissed and cuddled and rested.

Realizing we had spent more time there than we had planned, we cold
showered, dressed and went back to the compound.  Grabbing towels and
soap we headed for the showers, they were empty, so we turned on several
to get it the place steamy, then turned them all off but two adjacent
ones and we washed and cleansed each other.  I would have liked to fuck
him there but had to do with giving him a good rimming after cleansing
his ass, and he did the same to me, and then stood up to kiss me as he
had found some of his cum just inside the asslips and we shared it.
Then we were off to our separate beds to dream of each other and what
the next day would bring.

It was hot and muggy again, and after we had dinner, I grabbed a couple
of sheets and changed into running shorts, Alex was just in his kilt and
we jogged up to the gym.  As soon as we got inside I dropped my shorts
and Alex let his kilt join them on the floor, we sat facing each other
and removed each others shoes and sox, and gently sucked the toes of the
other. I reveled in the taste of his feet and sweat, and then looking up
at him smiled and said lets to shower.


We hit the gym shower and as the water pressure teased our naked bodies
we soaped and scrubbed each other, paying special attention to the cock,
balls, nipples and ass.  Alex was fondling my ass cheeks which was
driving me wild with expectation of what was to come.  I was feeling his
strong asscheeks and running my fingers up and down the cleft and
feeling his hole when I got the urge to shove my cock up his ass.  I
started to get behind him but he figured out what I was up to and was
trying to do the same to me.

Alex turned off the shower and we both were covered in soap, it was
difficult to keep our footing as we struggled for supremacy one over the
other.  It was strange, he was stronger than I was and I could not
prevent him from turning me around and pulling me back against his steel
hard cock, which was now between the asscheeks.  The next thing I knew I
could feel his cock inside me.  He just stood there holding me with his
cock shoved up my anal passage, I pushed back against him and still he
just stood still.  I could not stand it, I cried out "For God's sake
fuck me!!"  That did it; there was no stopping him now.  I felt the
pressure on my inner sphincter and then it yielded to him and his cock
surged into my ass until I felt his balls slap my ass.

I was moaning with lust and ecstasy, as he pumped my ass from behind,
and he used his hands to pinch and twist my nipples.  I experienced an
anal orgasm as he took over my body, something I had never had happen to
me before, we had reached a new plateau in our lovemaking and it was
heaven. Alex was breathing heavily on my neck as he also sucked on it
giving me little love bites.  In the middle of my spasms I could feel
his cock swell and throb as he unloaded his spurts of cum into me.  I
loved the powerful and partially painful hold on my body as his muscles
tensed and flexed as he released his hot sperm deep into my body.  Then
there was a pause as we both came back to earth and steadied ourselves
on the slick floor.  When we had calmed down Alex turned the water back
on and we finished showering, I reached for a towel, but he took my hand
and we jogged around the gym as we air dried and ended up on the sheets
on the floor mats.

AS we lay there I began massaging his cock very gently wondering how
soon I could get hard and ready to go again.  It began to swell in my
hand and I lowered my head so that I could begin to suck and lick him
all over his cock and balls.  His big bulging balls and lovely long hard
cock were mine for the taking as I took his cock right into my throat.
Alex twisted around so that his head was at the junction of my legs and
I could feel his breath on my cock, this privacy after so long was to me
like a feast of male sex to me.
I began to lick kiss and examine him everywhere, I licked around his
scrotum and began to move back between the cleft in his legs I pushed
against his legs so that I could get to his ass, His lower buttocks were
great and soft to lick as I moved up the crack I used my fingers to open
the crack so my tongue would have easy access as it moved toward my
ultimate goal, the little rosebud hidden in his crack.

As I was doing this to Alex, he was busy working his fingers up my ass,
exciting me inside with one hand as he teased my nuts with the other.  I
was aching with the excitement of his ministrations and anticipating
what might happen next when he started to work on my cock...

I had forced his asscheeks apart with my hands and my mouth was drooling
as I stretched the tip of my tongue and running it up and down his crack
could feel all the creases of his ass crack, He opened his legs wider
and I was able to begin sucking and tonguing the outer folds of his
asshole.  He began to clasp and unclasps his asshole as I licked more
and with regular strokes, it opened up and the tip of my tongue slipped
inside. My whole face was practically buried in his ass.  I remembered
that I had not given his cock attention and went back to it, licking,
tonguing and caressing it, while I worked his asshole with the fingers
on the other hand.  Each time I gave his cock a squeeze I could feel his
asshole twitch on my fingers inside. I gently pushed my finger in and
found his prostate and could rub it back and forth

Alex in the meantime was kissing me all over my buttocks and down my
thighs, my cock was bobbing madly when he took it into his mouth, and I
was afraid I would lose control.  By now we were both acting on
autopilot as we sucked each others hard cocks and each took them deep
into our mouths and throats.

Which excited me more his dick or his ass, my whole being was building
up to a massive sexual orgasm as I felt my balls tightened and I
exploded into his mouth, he had taken control of me again and brought me
to a wonderful enormous orgasm.  I shot all my pent up cum down his
throat, as he in turn sent torrents of his cum into my mouth.  His cum
tasted like a fine wine to me and I loved the feeling of his cock
throbbing in my mouth, and I could feel his prostate moving against my
finger as his ass muscles clamped on my finger in spasms with his shots
of cum.  It was a wonderful time as our bodies writhed together on the
sheets in lust and pleasure, it seemed only after we had removed our
fingers from the others ass that our orgasms finally ended.

We lay clasped silently for several minutes as we slowly came down from
our sexual high, then turning we began to deep kiss each other tasting
the remnants of each others sperm in the mouth of the other, We slowly
caressed each others bodies and silently gave ourselves over to the love
of the other.

We may have dozed for a few minutes, but soon we stirred ourselves,
folded up the sheets, and as I put on my shorts and shoes, Alex put on
his kilt and shoes, we carried our socks back as hand in hand we walked
back to the compound, still basking in the wonder of the encounter we
had just gone through and loving each other even more.  We got back and
grabbing towels headed for the showers and had our second hot shower of
the evening, and once again we soaped each other and played around as we
were the only two in the building, but we were both drained and finally
going back to the barracks dressed and went to the club for the rest of
the evening, and enjoyed the company of those who were there, and once
again Alex the tease sat so his cock and balls were easily seen under
his kilt.  We finally attracted Cool Crane and Sgt. Rice and while Alex
played the tease by shifting so that his cock and balls were constantly
in their sight and he began to harden giving them a good look at his
magnificent cock.  We chatted for a while and found out they were most
compatible and in fact were having sex at least once a day, Alex raised
the question of having a foursome some evening at the gym before the
general got back and they readily agreed.   Finally I gave up and went
to bed to get some much-needed rest.  The time with Alex had exhausted
me, mentally, physically and sexually.  I was more in love with him than
ever, yet knew that this would end once our tours of duty were over, and
that was something I could not even think about now.  I was determined
to make the best of every minute I could have with him, and so fell asleep.

The next evening as soon as we got to the gym Alex and I were all over
each other, we began to kiss and grasp each other moaning and groaning,
rubbing against each other's bodies in a fury of desire.  As the little
clothing we wore was discarded I we sank to our knees and I bent my head
to take his beautiful cock with the veins snaking up from this groin to
its delicious head into my mouth.  How I wanted him, I pushed him down
on the floor so he was lying on his back, and looked at his splendid
body in pure hunger.   Alex was groaning and reaching for me, "Fuck me,"
he moaned.  "Please fuck me. I want to feel you in me."  I looked down
at him and smiling said, "You're going to get it then."

I lowered myself and kissed him deeply before moving down and nipping
and licking his throat on my way to his right nipple.  I circled the
aureole with my tongue, and he drew a quick breath before I closed in on
his erect nipple cone and holding it between my teeth, quickly flicked
my tongue back and forth over the sensitive nub.  Alex grabbed my head
holding it in place as he moaned in uncontrolled desire.  Pushing my
head up I moved to the left nipple and repeated the motions I had jus
completed on the right one.  He was beginning to twist and turn, as he
became more aroused.  I moved myself around to that my tits were over
his mouth and he hungrily began to suckle on them.  This increased my
ardor at his nips, when my nips were well sucked and I could not stand
it any more, I pulled myself down to take his gorgeous cock in my
mouth.  As I moved down I could feel my own erect cock oozing pre-cum
across his hair and face.  He groaned as he grabbed my cock with his
mouth, sucking it down as it came within range of his greedy lips.  The
feel of his wet warm mouth filled me with happiness as I returned his
love slurping at his rigid and pulsing cock, as I fingered his winking
ass hole with the forefinger of each hand.

When he started to throb, I released his cock and sucked his balls into
my mouth playing with them as I juggled them with my tongue and pushed
them from one cheek to the other.  Finally my own hard cock was hitting
the back of his throat, and I knelt up, pulling my cock from his mouth.
He groaned in anxiety as he tried to keep me embedded in his mouth, and
produced a sucking sound as my cock pulled out of his yawning mouth and
waved over his head.

"Are you ready?" I asked, smiling at him, "Oh, yes Greg" he answered as
he stared at my hard cock.  "I want you to fuck me.  Now."   I knelt and
moving forward put his feet on my shoulders as he rolled back exposing
his pulsing ass hole to me.  I began to push into him, as his hole
opened up and my cock head was inside the first sphincter.  I paused for
a moment and then slowly pushed into his warm anal channel.  I began
thrusting slowly but deeply and he began to match my rhythm, clenching
and relaxing his ass muscles as I went in and then out.  I reached down
and with one hand alternately played with his tits and I jacked him with
the other.  He reached up and taking my hard nipples into his hands
pulled, rolled and pinched them in rhythm to my thrusts in his ass.  As
his warm insides became more relaxed I picked up speed and began to fuck
him with abandon.  The sounds of our grunting and moaning bounced around
the walls of the gym and added to our lust for each other.  As my
fucking became more insistent I could feel Alex's cock throbbing in my
hand.  My hips were jerking and my breath was coming in ragged gasps,
when suddenly we both went over the edge.  Thick white ropes of cum
spewed from the red pulsing tip of Alex's hard cock and splashed across
his chest and belly, as I shot my heated cum up into his welcoming body.

Finally it was over and I collapsed on top of him, gasping for air. Our
mouths found each other and were frustrated in their desire to lock by
our desperate need for air.  We alternated deep throating one another
with drawing deep lungfuls of air.  When our breathing calmed I rolled
off of Alex and turned so that we were looking at one another.
"I love you," he said and I replied "I love you too Alex."

I was so in love with this man who had just unconditionally given
himself to me, as I had so many times to him, this was a turning point
in our relationship where we were more or less equal in our love and
desire for each other and now knew that whatever the future would hold
we were welded together for the time being as only two men could be who
have given themselves to the other both in body and soul.  This was the
happiest moment of my life up to now and I made a vow to enjoy it and
Alex for as long as I was able to, other things may happen, but his
giving himself up to me in this manner had cemented our love in way
nothing else could.

We lay there in each other's arms content and not wanting to move.

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Wed, 21 Apr 2004 13:05:26 -0600
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 22

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 22

The flight from Pusan to the K site was uneventful, Crane let me fly for
part of the way and the day was clear and you could see forever, or so
it seemed.  There were patches of puffy clouds, which looked like huge
cotton balls and were stark white against the brilliant blue of the sky.

Landing I was surprised to see several of my fellow officers there to
welcome me home, they put my stuff in a jeep then Crane, Alex and I got
into one jeep and the others got into a second one.  I was touched to
have them there to welcome me home.  I still had a bandage on my face
and would for a week or so, to protect the graft and the healing, but it
was not large and did not interfere with my wearing my glasses.  So I
was able to get right back in the swing of things.

It was good be back, but there were things I missed from my hospital
stay.  The variety of foods, the spoiling I got by being bathed and
shaved by the orderly and the treatment by everyone there.  The only
thing I did not miss was the boredom, and then too, now it had been
almost two weeks since I had been involved in any sexual encounter and I
was more than ready.  Seeing Alex, my cock immediately rose to full mast
and I had to keep reaching down to adjust it in my pants.  I noticed
others giving me looks and having half grins on their faces.

I got through the rest of the day and after dinner went over to the
club, and it did not help any when Alex came in with his kilt swinging
and sitting so that his cock and balls were in my line of sight.  I
noticed that his cock was a bit fuller than when just at rest and after
while he had a steel hardon going.  Well that now made two of us and how
in the hell were we going to take care of it?  Alex said that with the
new recreation hut, the library was almost never used anymore and
suggested we walk down there.  He left and I soon followed.

Getting to the library we went in and then closed the door and placed a
heavy table in front of it so it could not be easily opened and would
give us some privacy.  Somehow, neither one of us knew how it happened,
but we managed to get our clothes off and we were naked.  What a great
feeling as we pressed our bodies to each other in full contact from head
to toe.

We fell back on the couch in the room, breaking our kiss as we gave
other body parts attention.  I was the aggressive one tonight and was
really giving Alex's ear, throat, then other ear my attention.  Alex was
squirming from the attention my kisses and nips were giving his body.
He tried to return as much as he could, his lips reaching out to the
spots he could make contact with, as his hands and fingers were roaming
over my body as we ground our crotches together.  We were both leaking
precum which mixing with each other's caused our cocks to slide freely
together, giving us the ultimate in sensations.
I finally worked my way down to his chest, bathing his nipples with my
salvia, pinching them and nipping them with my teeth before working my
tongue down to his naval.
When I stuck my tongue in his naval Alex bucked, and without any further
play I dropped my mouth over his cock, ran my tongue around it and then
took in my throat.  Alex almost lost it, but was able to hold off his
orgasm, and while his cock was deep in my throat I managed to wet a
finger and tease Alex's asshole.  He bucked his hips again, but I stayed
with him and felt my finger break through his sphincter muscle and
wiggle inside.  I pulled it out; got two fingers wet and repeated the
assault on his ass.

I continued my attention to his cock them pulled off suddenly and
attacked his asshole with my mouth.  It felt so good, and my tongue
easily entered the hole, opening it more.  I packed as much saliva in as
I could using three fingers this time.  Alex was moaning so loud that I
hoped no one was in the darkroom on the other side of the wall or
outside where they could hear him.  I knew it was time to fuck him.  I
gathered precum from his cock and coated the outside of his ass, them
spread my own precum around the head of my cock, retracting the foreskin
and adding more saliva.

I pushed against Alex's opening and slid in without a problem, and as I
was going slowly felt Alex start to push back against my cock.  I wanted
to hold back, but it had been too long, and while each of us felt the
sensations our coupling was causing the other and didn't want it to end,
there also was a pressure to achieve climax.  Alex was leaking precum on
my stomach as his cock slipped between our bodies; we were rushing
towards the release we each needed.  Alex was ahead of me and as his
cock spit out the first volley of cum his sphincter gripped my cock
triggering an orgasm that I felt in every nerve in my body.  I slammed
into Alex repeatedly, depositing my sperm as deep as I could push it.
Our mouths were in overdrive searching for something to kiss; lips,
shoulders, noses, ears, whatever was in easy access.

Finally the urgency was over; we gripped each other as if our lives
depended on it, slowly calming and regaining breath, senses and a normal
heart rate.  I did not want this to end, two weeks without Alex had
brought me to this peak, but I was spent, as we relaxed my cock slipped
from his asshole and searching for each others mouths our bodies slid
against each other make slick by Alex's copious discharge of cum.

We slid to the floor and lay facing each other so we could still kiss
and caress each other, we kissed for a while our hands roving the body
of the other, and then Alex maneuvered himself around so they could get
into a 69 position, we began to lick the cum from each others bodies and
to clean each others cocks.  Then we moved on to licking each other's
ball sacks and moving on back to the asshole, I loved the taste of
Alex's ass and my cum which was leaking out around the edges of his
opening.  I could feel his tongue on my pucker as he kissed and rimmed
me causing the hole to open up and flutter for him.

We moved back to each other's cocks and coated them saliva which mixed
with the precum now coming out of two again steel hard and demanding
cocks.  Alex somehow managed to wet one finger with the mixture and
worked into my ass.  I bucked and it felt so good when he found my
prostate.  I followed his lead getting the same result and we got into a
cadence that gave each of us awesome sensations we deep-throated each
other, we hummed when we had the other's cock in our throat, it was
marvelous.

We each had two fingers inside the other and had come close to orgasm
several times, backing away to assault the other again with renewed
energy.  I finally realized that Alex had gone over the threshold and I
was going to cum, I increased my efforts on Alex, hoping we would cum at
the same time.  I could feel his cock start to pulse as I felt the cum
move up my tube and we lost our loads at the same time.  We could hardly
keep up with the flow as it gushed into our mouths.  I thought what a
wonderful taste.  We moved around so we could share the loads with each
other, we kissed and sucked and cleaned each others mouth savoring the
taste of our own cum and the saliva of each other as we swallowed the
result.

It took quite a while for the feeling of well being to wear off.  We
hung on to each other, kissing and rubbing our hands over each others
body, murmuring lover, lover and enjoying the warm thoughts of each other.

Finally we broke apart, we needed to pee, so reluctantly we dressed,
moved the table from the door and left the library. The scene of our
most phenomenal reunion.  Hand in hand we walked to the pissor and after
peeing, kissed and hand in hand went up the hill and to our respective beds.

As I brushed my teeth, and stripped for bed I thought how nice it was to
be home, but how I wished that Alex and I could sleep in the same bed
and not be separated, not only into two beds but also by at least twelve
feet of room.  I climbed into bed and thinking of what just happened
fell into a dreamless sleep.

That weekend brought another surprise to me, Padgett called me over to
his bunk and pulled out a packet of photos and asked if I could name who
the person in each photo was.  Thinking this would be easy I took the
photos and turned the first one over, it was just of a flaccid cock and
balls, I turned over the others and they were all the same, pictures of
flaccid cocks and balls.  I looked at him with questions in my eyes and
he said last weekend he had taken pictures of all the officers and had
cropped them to just what I saw and now could I tell him who each set of
cock and balls belonged to.  I lay them out on his bunk and picked one
up saying "Alex", then another saying "that's you", another I picked
saying "Col. Crane", another as " Ed Castle", and another as "Dick
Brock" then could not determine any other's.  Padgett told me I could be
right on the ones I had picked and now could I take the second set and
match them with the first set.  Handing me the new photos I saw they
were of hard upstanding cocks and I just shook my head at the prospect
of matching flaccid and hard cocks together.  I finally asked him how he
got them all of participate, and he said first if was just Brock, and
Alex who were asleep on top of their bunks nude and he just took their
pictures.  Then Ed bet he could not get all the others to let him do the
same.  Never one to turn down a bet he said he could, and began to talk
to the others telling them he would crop the photos so only the genitals
were showing, once they knew this they began to agree, and when most of
them let him it was hard for the others to say no.  Then Col. Crane came
in and when his was taken suggested they go one step further and have
pictures of their hardons taken.  Well, he was the commanding officer
who was going to say no.  So the pictures were taken and he developed
and cropped them as promised and they were having fun determining which
belonged to which person.  He had jotted down the names as he took them
and by checking negatives could determine who was who, but so far had
not done so; they were having too much fun, trying to figure them out.
It seemed only those of us who had savored some of the cocks could
figure some out.  More fun.

That evening at the club Alex and I were sitting on the porch when we
saw 1st Sgt. Rice come in.  Alex watched him go to the bar and after
getting his drink caught his eye and waved him over.  While Rice was
coming over Alex rearranged the way he was sitting so that his kilt
would fully expose his cock and balls, since he was sitting facing the
screened windows those in back of us could not see what he had done, but
he left a seat next to the windows for Rice to sit in which would give
him a clear view of Alex's cock and balls.  Alex made it worse after
Rice sat down and then Alex kicked off a shoe and with his bare feet was
rubbing his foot up and down my bare leg, as I was I wearing shorts.

Rice looked as if he had been poured into his clothes, he wore a light
colored polo shirt, which could have been painted on him, and you could
see his nipples pushing out the material and also see some of the
definition of his chest.  He looked as if he had been poured into the
tight pants he wore and you could tell he had nothing on under them was
there was no underwear line, but you could see the outline of his cock
on the left and his balls on the right.  Alex was asking him how he was
settling in and how things were going for him all the time making sure
he was getting a good view of Alex's cock which now was beginning to
grow in size.  As we were finishing our drinks Alex gave me some script
and asked me to go get refills, as I reached over for the script he
looked at Rice and nodded twice.  So I knew that Alex wanted me to get
us single drinks and Rice a double.
We were all drinking scotch and I asked the airman at the bar to put
extra ice in two glasses and to put a double shot in one glass regular
in the two with extra ice and then add the water.  The glasses looked to
hold about the same and I hoped that Rice would not see that his was a
darker color than ours was.  We finished those and Alex had me get
refills again, Rice wanted to but Alex said no it was to be his treat.
I felt Alex had something in mind, but did not know what.  When I got
back with the fresh drinks Alex had maneuvered the talk around to sex.
Rice was just saying it had been a wasteland except for one time he
caught someone in the pissor nude had sneaked up and fucked him good.
Now I knew who it was that had fucked me that night.  Rice said being
1st Sgt. put him in an awkward position as far as the enlisted men were
concerned, there were no comparable ranks he could tie in with, and so
it looked like a long dry spell.  Rice was getting pretty smashed and
when he went to get new drinks I told Alex about the night Rice raped
me.  Alex smiled and said he had a plan.  Rice returned with the drinks
and we continued our talks, I watched as Alex's cock grew, and he rubbed
his foot up and down my leg causing my cock to bulge against my pant
leg, and could see that Rice's cock was having trouble expanding in the
tight pants he had on, but it was making a real respectable bulge in the
upper leg.

Alex suggested that maybe we all needed to go to the showers and see if
there was enough hot water to get some steam and then take a cold shower
to sober up.  Rice agreed and we made arrangements to meet at the
showers in ten minutes, we helped Rice up and out of the club and when
he started to stagger toward his building Alex made a quick decision.
He told me to get Rice and help him to the showers he wanted to talk to
Kestitas a minute and then he would grab towels for all of us and meet
up at the shower building. I quickly caught up with Rice and told him
that we should just go to the showers that Capt. MacGregor was going to
get the things we needed, and would meet us there, and Rice groggily
agreed.  I helped him over to and down the steps to the showers and
finally got him inside.  I was pleased to find the building empty.  I
sat Rice on a bench and proceeded to undress him, I took of his shoes,
he wore not sox, raised the polo shirt over his head, exposing the black
furry hair on his chest and armpits, and then undoing his pants got him
to raise up so I could pull them off.  As we thought he wore no
underwear and his cock sprang out of the opening of his pants, and
slapped his belly.
He still was keeping his cock and balls shaved, but that was about it.
I had just finished undressing him when Alex came in with towels;
something wrapped in a towel and his ditty bag.  Alex and I quickly
undressed and then helped Rice into the shower room itself.
Alex had brought some lengths of rope with him and before Rice knew what
was going on Alex had tied his wrists together and raised his arms above
his head.  Using one of the hangers in the ceiling Alex tossed the rope
up and pulled so that Rice was standing on his toes with his body
stretched out before us.

Opening his bag Alex removed some shaving cream and a razor and putting
the cream in Rice's armpits soon had the hair from them shorn off.  Next
he put cream on Rice's ass in the ass crack and up to the balls and
shaved all the hair from there.  Rice was cursing at Alex, but Alex told
him to hold still or he might lose something, and that kept him quiet.
Without any cream Alex also removed some of the hair around Rice's
nipples so they stood out and were easily assessable.

Rice wanted to know what was going on and so Alex told him that I was
the one he had raped in the pissor and that this was now payback time,
and to make sure he did not repeat the performance again.  That we were
going to use him and fuck to our hearts content and that he had locked
the door to the showers when he came in and put an out of order sign on
the door so we would not be disturbed.

Alex turned on some showers and we showered and then directed the water
on Rice as we thoroughly washed his body, and made sure we washed out
his ass hole by sticking soapy fingers up it and moving them around.  He
was still groggy from drink but knew what was going on.

After cleaning Rice I dropped to my knees and began to nibble and suck
on his cock and balls as Alex began licking his smooth ass.  Alex's
stiffening cock rose up from his crotch as he knelt behind the roped up
stud, and he prepared Rice's ass for fucking.
He deposited warm saliva into the ass crack and then pushed it into the
asshole with his tongue. I was kissing the hard flesh of his flat
stomach and nuzzling my nose into the black belly hair between his navel
and his trimmed pubic hair.  The ridges of his abdominal muscles stood
out as he tensed under the dual onslaughts on his body.
Raising one hand I began to pinch and pull at one of his brown nipples
as I continued to lick hotly at his cock.

Rice's body heaved under our assault and he threw his head back, biting
his lower lip.  I continued to lick around his balls, causing his cock
to respond with a continuous swelling. I was pleased when I felt the
hardening cock pulse against my head.  I gave the balls one last lick,
and then ran my tongue up the shaft of his cock.  Rice moaned in bliss
when he felt my lips clamp over his cock-knob.  I began to suck greedily
and his cock jerked with excitement.  He lunged his hips forward fucking
the head of his cock into the tightness of my throat.

Alex was satisfied that he had sufficiently lubed Rice's asshole with
saliva and he stood up and guided the tip of his cock between the man's
buns, pressing his cock head into the wet ass crack.  Rice stopped his
lurching; Alex pressed forward, parting the resisting sphincter with his
thick cockhead and the impalement of Rice's ass began.

"Ohhhhh, shit" Rice rasped as he felt Alex's cock fucking into his ass.
In the next instant, Alex's rough fuck thrust drove his cock deeply into
Rice.  Alex grasped the man's waist and began to fuck him brutally;
sending jolts of burning pain through his loins.

"Aaiiieee" Rice shrieked as Alex's fucking plundered his asshole.  He
hung his head, closed his eyes and ceased his struggles.  He realized
that when he relaxed the cock furiously plunging in and out of his ass
caused more pleasure than pain.  That combined with the sucking on his
cock made the fucking begin to feel good.  There was still pain but the
pain was a pleasurable pain.  He could not believe he was deriving such
pleasure from such a brutal fucking.  He was helpless to control the
sensations flooding his body.  He couldn't help but enjoy the hot
friction of the cock ramming in and out of his ass. He began to moan as
he gyrated his ass on Alex's cock.  I continued to suck him and to pull
and pinch on both of his nipples, and then taking one hand down reached
between his thighs and found where Alex's cock was fucking in and out of
his ass.  I pushed a couple of fingers up inside his ass alongside
Alex's plunging cock stretching his sphincter even more.  I added more
fingers until he cried out to stop and I could tell his sphincter muscle
was stretched to its limit.

Alex told me to loose the rope so we could lower him down, I undid it
and Alex keeping his arms around Rice's chest sank to the floor and
stretched out with Rice on top of him.
I knew what Alex had in mind as he moved his legs into a wide "V" while
still staying embedded in Rice.  I knelt between Alex's legs; raised
Rice's up and began to punch my cock into Rice's ass alongside of
Alex's.  I knew from the finger stretching that Rice could take us both
and even though he moaned I finally got my cock full inserted alongside
Alex's and began to fuck for all I was worth.  Alex had some
maneuverability and was moving his cock in out of Rice and we soon got a
rhythm going and soon I felt the cum spurting out of my cock bathing
both cocks in liquid heat then Alex let loose and we both continued to
fuck Rice as our combined loads of cum began to seep out of his ass onto
our balls.

Rice had not cum during this time and his cock was slightly deflated, as
I pulled out of him Alex rolled him over and removed his cock for the
gaping asshole.  He rolled Rice back onto his back and beckoning to me
we began to lick and suck on Rice's cock and balls.  Before too long his
cock was steel hard and Alex stood and then squatted over Rice and had
me hold Rice's cock so he could sit on it.  Rice looked at him in
amazement and Alex said "We have repaid you for what you did to Greg,
but that does not mean we cannot be friends, and now I want you to fuck
me with that cock of yours."  Alex lay on Rice and then turned over so
Rice was on top; Alex threw his legs around Rice's waist and told him to
fuck the hell out of me.  Rice was like a madman as he fucked Alex fast
and furious, using long strokes, short strokes and strokes which twisted
in the anal cannel. Alex had a look of pain on his face, which soon
turned to pleasure as Rice continued to pound his ass.  Finally Rice
came and lay exhausted on top of Alex.
After a while they recovered and sitting up Rice said, "What happens now?"
Alex told him that we would all be the best of friends but that Rice
needed someone and that he thought he knew whom it could be.  However,
he also said that if he heard of any more non-consensual sex happening
he would come looking for him and what had happened tonight would be
child's play compared as to what would then
happen.
He told Rice to meet us at the club the next afternoon and he would let
him know if everything were going to work out the way that would satisfy
everyone.

The three of us showered and took turns washing each other's bodies, it
was a sensual time for all of us, but all good things must come to an
end so we dressed and left to go to bed for the night.

The next morning I went into ChinJu with some others to attend church
and when we got back Alex called me to one side and told me after lunch
to go to the motor pool and get a jeep, come back up and pick up Col.
Crane, get a couple of sheets, and then drive down to the operations
building where he would meet us with Rice.  Crane and I had only been
waiting a few minutes in the ops building when Alex showed up with
Rice.  I was surprised to see that Alex had blindfolded Rice.  Alex
motioned for me to get in the back and then he helped Rice in next to
me.  Taking the driver's seat he drove us off down the runway toward the
ocean.  We had never used this area much before as it was not good for
swimming, but was secluded and an area where we would be undisturbed.

Arriving at a spot hidden from the runway and the buildings, Alex parked
the jeep, pointed to the sheets and when I handed them to him he spread
them out on the sand a short distance from the jeep.  Then he motioned
for Crane and me to get out of the jeep, and whispered to us to get
undressed.  He went over to the jeep, got Rice out and brought him over
close to the sheets. He then proceeded to strip Rice's clothes from him,
still leaving him blindfolded and told him not to touch the blindfold.
By this time Crane and I were nude and Alex soon joined us.  He took
Crane and me over to one side and whispered instructions to us then we
walked back and Alex brought Rice onto the sheets, and pushed him down
on his back.  Kneeling and spreading Rice's legs Alex began to suck and
nip on Rice's cock and balls, Crane and I lifted his arms and began to
lick and nibble at his armpits and then moved down to his upstanding
nipples.  We all ran our hands over his muscled body as we continued to
minister to him with our mouths.  Rice's body undulated under the
assault of three hot tongues and he moaned in ecstasy as he tossed his
head back and forth.  Alex raised his legs and assaulted his ass crack
and asshole working saliva into the hole and licking and tonguing it
until the rosebud began to open up.  Reaching over to some things he had
brought he grabbed a tube of lube and tossed it to Crane indicating he
should lube up his cock for entering the ass of Rice.  Crane applied the
lube liberally than tossed it to Alex who lubed up the ass hole.  Crane
moved between Rice's legs and with one swift punch imbedded his cock all
the way to the root in Rice's ass.  Rice screamed out in pain, but as
Crane lowered his body onto Rice Alex pulled Rice's legs down and helped
them to roll over, now Crane was on the bottom and Rice on top.  Alex
then moved between their legs and lubing up his own cock began to press
it into Rice along side of Crane's cock.

"Awww!!" Rice wailed pitifully.  "God nooooo!!"

"God help me," Rice moaned as he realized his sphincter muscle was
giving and allowing Alex's huge cock to enter his anal area.  At the
same time he realized his cock was getting hard and straining between
his body and Crane's.  Alex reached his hands down between Rice and
Crane and began to play with their nipples as I leaned over and began to
pull and pinch on Alex's nipples.  Alex stepped up his fucking pace, and
Rice was moaning in what I could not tell was pain or pleasure as he
whipped his head back and forth.  Crane stopped that by putting his
mouth on Rice's and deeply kissing him.  Alex was furiously pumping in
and out of Rice's ass and then with a deep push imbedded himself all the
way and stayed there.  I reached down to Alex's balls and could feel
them contract as he sent his cum surging into Rice's ass.  As his cock
softened he pulled out and helped Crane and Rice to turn so Crane was on
top, and then Crane lifting up began to fuck Rice with all his power, it
was not long until we could tell Crane was ready to explode as he
punched into Rice and dropping down began to kiss him.  When he had
spent his load he pulled his cock out, and they sat Crane up and then
first Alex then Crane pressed their cocks into Rice's mouth for
cleaning.  In spite of all Rice had been through he still had not shot
and his cock was bobbing about in the air.  Crane reached out and took
the blindfold from Rice, Rice blanched when he saw Crane, but Crane just
smiled and said "Your turn", as he lay down and raised his legs giving
Rice a clean shot at his asshole.  Rice looked at Alex who nodded and
then moved over to begin pushing his cock into Crane, Crane moved to
adjust his body and pushed back onto Rice, getting more and more cock up
his ass, and then Rice began the dance of fucking and gave Crane a good
ride.  Since I was the only who had not come Alex came over and taking
my cock in his hand led me over to Rice and spreading his ass helped me
put my cock in his hole.
It was still loose from the double fucking, but he bucked as he realized
that a cock was up his ass as he was fucking someone else.  I let him do
the work and as he fucked in my cock fucked out and as he fucked out my
cock went it.  When he came and collapsed on Crane then I took over and
whipped my hips back and forth fucking him until I felt the cum rush up
and out of my heated cock.

We both withdrew our cocks for the asses we had been fucking then
turning to each other licked each others cock clean of the cum and ass
juices still remaining.

Alex and I looked over at Rice and Crane, and decided to take a walk
along the shoreline; we wound arms around each other so we could play
with the others ass and slowly walked along the beach.  Soon we were out
of sight of Rice and Crane and we sat down and wrapping our arms around
each other began to deeply kiss, our tongues clashed against each other
and our hands roamed the each other's body.  Nipples were pulled, cocks
and balls were fondled and fingers found their way up ass holes as we
soon found ourselves writhing on the hard packed sand.  We began to suck
on each other but while we could bring each other to erection we had
spent our loads and were just content to nurse on each others cock,
occasionally dropping down to lave and suck on the balls of the other or
to gently tongue up to the ass hole and suck and kiss it, then back to
kissing again savoring the taste of our own bodies on the tongue of the
other.

Finally we stood walked to surf and bathed to get the sand from our
bodies and with fingers in each others ass holes walked back.  We saw
that Crane and Rice must have recovered as they were locked in a 69 and
you could see their bodies begin to buck, they both must have come just
as we got there as the next thing we knew they were locked in a kiss,
which looked as if they were sharing cum with each other.  Breaking the
kiss they looked as us, grinned and began to fondle each other again.
Alex said he thought we had best be getting back. He told Crane he was
sure he could find a lot of reasons for him and his first sergeant to be
alone, or for him to visit him at night.  And told Rice that now he
would not have to worry about finding someone, they were suited to each
other and should make each other happy, they just grinned at us.  We got
dressed, grabbed the sheets, and got in the jeep to go back.  This time
I was in front with Alex, Crane and Rice in the back and as I looked
back they had each other's cocks out fondling them and kissing.  When we
got close to where people might see what was going on, Alex stopped the
jeep, turned and told them to get presentable as we would soon be back.
Alex then had Rice drive and drop us off at the compound and for him to
return the jeep to the motor pool, as he got out Crane told Rice when he
got back from the motor pool he was to come and see him.

We walked back to the barracks and Crane told us to come into his
quarters for a minute, when we got there he thanked Alex for getting him
and Rice together, they seemed to be most compatible and really enjoyed
sex with each other, and he kissed us both before we left.  On the walk
around to our door Alex said that both Crane and Rice should be better
men now that some of the tension each was feeling was gone.

We rested for a while, then after eating, I was too tired to go to the
club, so decided to go back and go to bed.  I slept for a while and then
was awakened with someone sucking on my cock, I tried to sit up, but the
mouth moved from my cock and I heard Alex say, shush, no one is here but
us and the lights are out, just enjoy it, and he returned to sucking and
tonguing my cock then balls and ass until I was squirming with the need
to come, then he plunged his mouth down over my cock until his nose was
at my pubes and began to suck for all he was worth, it did not take long
until a shot a load of protein rich cum into his mouth, he gently
cleaned me off, and then surprised me by getting on the bed and lifting
my legs plunged his hard cock into my ass, I yelped in pain and he began
long hard strokes up my ass.  He must have been ready as it only took a
few minutes until I felt his cock expand as he pushed it in as far as he
could.  I could feel it pulse as the cum spurt out into my ass.  He lay
there for a few minutes, then kissing me got up, and licked my ass hole
to make sure no cum leaked out and left me.  I fell asleep and had a
wonderful night dreaming of the man who could take away all my pain and
bring me only joy.


Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Wed, 07 Apr 2004 13:57:34 -0600
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 21

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written. He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing. I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 21

August was coming to a close and I hoped it would be the end of the
heat, in the meantime I was still working out and doing my gymnastics.
One day General Park showed up while I was practicing, and he had a
small black bag with him, calling me over he ran his hands over my body
and then pulled my jock strap down and had me step out of it. Since he
had not been coming down I had been wearing a jock to practice. He
pulled on my nipples and remarked how nice they were, he did not know
that Alex liked them puffy, so I had continued to use the suction cups
on them. Then reaching into his bag he pulled out some alligator nipple
clamps joined by a thick heavy chain. Pulling first one nipple then the
other he attached them. I screamed, it had been sometime since anything
had been attached to my nipples and they no longer were slightly
toughened, but now were swollen and quite sensitive. He then got out a
ball stretcher and separator and attached it. The stretcher really
pushed my balls down and the separator made them look like two distinct
and separate entities. He then told me to do the floor exercises and the
pommel horse and when I finished those to come back to him.

I was in pain as I started the floor exercises, and slipped once landing
more or less on my outstretched balls, I let out a scream and the next
thing I knew the general was standing over me with a tawse whipping my
back. Telling me to get up and begin the exercises.
I did not know why he had changed first being nice to me and now again
being the sadistic bastard I knew him to be. I got up and started the
floor exercise again, each movement I made the chain connecting the
nipple clamps swung out and pulled on them causing me pain. I grimaced
and trying to just concentrate on the routine was finally able to finish
with a half way decent performance. Moving to the pommel horse I began
the routine and once again was able to concentrate on the movements to
lessen the pain, however the swinging of the chain between my nipples
and the occasional hitting of my bound balls on the horse brought sweat
and groans from me. The general was not satisfied and told me to repeat.
It was harder this time and by the time I completed a second set my
nipples were on fire as well as my nuts. Finishing I walked over to the
general.

He told me he wanted to see the routine on the rings, but first he had
an addition to add to me. He reached into his bag and brought out two
pieces of wood, which had long screws and wingnuts on the ends. He undid
the wingnuts and lifting one piece of wood off, held the other in back
of my balls. The wood had been hollowed out somewhat and my balls fit
into the hollows, taking the other piece he put it on the screws and
pushed it down until it two partially enclosed my balls, then taking the
wingnuts he began tightening the wood and compressing my balls, the pain
was almost unbearable and I screamed at him to stop. He told me they had
tried these out on the prisoner and while it caused pain, he knew at
what point to stop so no damage was done. I had to believe me, as the
tears coursed down my face and my body heaved in pain. He then loosened
the wingnuts some so that it was just a constant pain and told me to do
the ring routine. I did not know how I could ever manage it. Song-San
came over and lifted me up to the rings and when the general could not
see loosened the wingnuts a bit more. This made a big difference, and I
began the routine, once again the chain between my nipples pulled and
yanked as I moved and finally I finished and with a flourish came off
the rings, I misjudged and slipped and as I was recovering Song-San came
over and tightened the wingnuts to where the general had them, I thanked
him with my eyes and holding my head up walked over to the general. He
thanked me for the performance, reaching into his bag he took out some
weights which he attached to the clips on my nipples and on the chain
pulling the nips and muscle out even more. He tightened the wingnuts
again as I groaned in pain and then told me to get on my hands and knees
on the floor. Obeying him I heard him clap his hands and twelve men came
into the gym, they were naked and all were sporting hard ons. He told
them I was there for their pleasure and for one of them to come and get
him when they had finished with me. I looked at him in terror, what was
he doing to me and why? He turned and walked out the door. Song-San
reminded the men I was not to be hurt or marked in anyway, that they
could use my mouth and ass and that was all. Then one after the other
they began their rape of my body, my mouth and ass was stuffed time and
time again with hard demanding cocks which shot their loads into me. I
do not know how many times I was used as the pain from the weights and
the ball clamp was overloading my brain and all I could comprehend was
the tremendous pain I was feeling.

Finally it had to be over as I dimly heard the general tell me to stand.
He first removed the weights and then the nipple clips, as he took the
clips off and the blood rushed back into my sore and abused tits I
groaned at the pain. He then moved to the ball camp and whether on
purpose or not I will never know, but he began tightening the wingnuts
and compressing my balls, I screamed in pain and he smiled and began to
loosen the wingnuts, taking them off and removing the clamp from my
balls, then he removed the ball stretcher and separator and let my red
and somewhat swollen balls hang free. I managed to remain in an upright
position as was so mad at him I did not want to show weakness, he
reached down and swatted my nuts with his hands, packed his toys, and
picking up his bag, said "Until next time", and walked out, I collapsed
and Song-San helped me to the shower and after showering rubbed cooling
lotions and salves on my swollen and sore tits as well as my balls, the
medication soothed the pain, and I thanked him for his help. I rested
for a while then dressed and made my way home, vowing someday to wreck
vengeance on the general, one way or another.

When I got back I was changing into some more comfortable clothes, which
were loose and would not rub on my sore tits and balls, when Alex came
by and asked, "What in the hell happened to you?" I told him of my
session with the general and he stormed off to find Col. Crane. Finding
the colonel he got me and we met in the colonels room. After showing him
the condition of my tits and balls Col. Crane said he would talk again
to the general and tell him this was unacceptable and had to stop, that
anything leaving what could be lasting injury was absolutely forbidden.
After all I had been through I thought him a little late, but did have
to admit that no lasting physical injury had been done to me, but then I
told him they were messing with my mind and I wanted that stopped also.
He promised to see what he could do.

Colonel Crane told me to go to the dispensary and he would have Strasser
come over to check me out. When Strasser got there he had me strip and
gave me a good exam of my nipples, balls and ass. Then told me to take a
kit he had to the latrine, he would get some warm water and meet me
there as he wanted to give me an enema before he applied and medication.
Meeting him there he flushed out my ass three times and we walked back
to the dispensary. He put some medication on my nipples, rubbed some
salve on my scrotum and gave me a couple of pills for pain in the
testicles, then taking a tube with a long nozzle on the end he pushed it
up my ass as far as he could and squirted some medication into me, then
still pushing out the medication he slowly removed the nozzle from me.
He told me that things should be much better in the morning, but it
might take a day or two for the swelling in my balls to go down, but he
did not think I had been damaged any. Thanking him, I dressed, left and
went back to go to bed and try to sleep.

Surprisingly I got a good nights rest, and when I got up, noticed my
nipples were still somewhat swollen, but did not pain me, also that
while my balls were still larger than usual there was no pain there. I
gingerly felt my ass as while tender seemed to be ok, and finding the
asshole was happy to find that it was closed and tight. I pushed my
index finger against it, but was painful so quit. After dressing and
eating, I went over to the dispensary and asked Strasser for a couple
more pain pills as I was beginning to feel some pain and was
uncomfortable sitting. He had be strip, checked me out, put some more
salve and medication on my nipples and balls and up my ass, and gave me
some pills to take. Dressing I went on work and was happy that there was
not much to do that day.

I skipped going up to the gym to work out for a few days until my body
was back to normal and I was in a better frame of mind. I was still
furious at the general, but knew that there was not much I could do.
Colonel Crane, true to his word, had seen the general and told him that
things must change or he would no longer authorize me to come up to the
generals headquarters and would inform the Air Force attach�^� in Seoul
of his decision and why it was made. The general, though not happy, told
Colonel Crane he would comply, and that any pain inflicted on me would
be temporary and leave no lasting effects once I left, except for maybe
some swollen tits, the colonel did agree to this, and when he told me
then I knew that the general would really give my nipples a workover,
when he was with me. I knew that the colonel could do nothing about the
raping of my mouth and ass and that was just something we would have to
live with. But as long as I knew that the torturing of my body was
mainly over, I could live with the decision.

About a week later, and while we were in September the heat showed no
signs of abating, I had to get up in the middle of the night to piss.
While I was standing at the pissor and finishing up, someone came up
behind me and pushing me forward ran his cock up and down my ass crack.
I had not had any sex since the time at the generals, and for some
reason the feeling of the hard cock moving up and down my crack excited
me. I pushed my ass back, and felt hands spreading my ass cheeks then
felt the head of a good-sized cock pressed against my sphnicter muscle.
I pushed out as he pushed in and the cock head breached my portal. He
slowly pushed the rest of his cock up my ass, it felt as if it was never
going to stop, but I finally felt his balls hit my ass. He stopped to
let me adjust to his cock, and waited until I pushed back against him,
then he started to fuck me slow and steady and had a way of moving his
cock so that it was hitting new spots in my ass. He kept this up for
sometime, my arms were getting tired leaning against the wall of the
pissor when he began fucking me fast and furious and then shoving his
cock all the way in, I could feel it swell and throb as he shot his cum
into me. He slowly fucked me again to milk the last out of his cock and
then kissing me on the neck, he pulled out and quickly left. I turned
around but could not see where he went, nor did I know who it was, but
he had given me a most satisfactory fuck, and I had not even realized it
when I had shot my own jizz out on my stomach, as I leaned forward. I
walked back to my bed and using some Kleenex cleaned my self off and
fell into bed and a deep slumber wondering who it was that had given me
such a satisfactory fuck.

The next day, Strasser came to see me as he had received word from the
hospital in Pusan that they wanted me back to work on my face. We went
over to headquarters and requested to see Col. Crane. When we got in
Strasser told him of his communication, but the colonel was already
aware of it, and told us he had informed them I would be at the hospital
the next day, that would give me time to tie up things here and pack, I
was told I could expect to be gone maybe a week.

I finished up what I had to do at the office, then packed and waited so
that I could tell Alex what had happened. When he came in from the
flight line I caught him as he was changing into a fresh flight suit. I
told him what had happened, and I would be leaving for Pusan in the
morning and be gone for about a week. He told that had been changed and
that he would fly me over right after dinner, leaving here about six and
getting they're around seven. We would spend the night in an inn, and I
would check into the hospital about 1000 hrs the next day. I told him
was packed and ready to go. We waited until the mess hall opened at 1700
and went over to eat; Col. Crane was there and wished us a good flight
and a good nights rest, as he winked at us.

After eating, we grabbed our bags, and were driven down to the flight
line, our plane was waiting, and we did the preflight check and filed
our flight plan. Alex had me get in the front seat, as had been a while
since I had piloted a plane and he wanted me to have the experience. I
warned him it might be rough, but had a smooth takeoff and banked the
plane to the east and decided to follow the coastline to Pusan, the
weather was clear and hot on the ground but a little cooler once we
reached our cruising altitude. We made it to Pusan without incident and
I managed to land the plane without bouncing, felt quite proud of myself
over that. We taxied in and parked the plane, tied it down for the
night, and went into ops to file our completed flight plan. Alex
informed them of where the plane was and asked that it be fueled and
serviced ready for takeoff around 0900 the next morning. The ops officer
assured him it would be done.

Alex called for a jeep and asked that we be taken to Tongnae Hot
Springs, he had radioed ahead that afternoon and had a friend make
reservations for us at one of the yogwans (inns) which also had hot
spring baths. It was an enjoyable ride except for the smells, I do not
think I will ever become used to the various odors I smell here in
Korea, charcoal smoke, the smell of excrement used on the rice paddies
and a myriad of other strange and obnoxious odors. Arriving at the
yogwan we thanked the driver and asked that someone pick us up at 0800
the next morning to take me to the hospital and Alex back to the flight line

We checked into the togwan and were shown to a very nice room. We set
our bags down and Alex reached over and managed to get my belt loose as
I was working the buttons on his shirt, it seemed forever for us to get
undressed as between removing articles of clothing we found ourselves in
deep and long kisses, we were making up for lost time.

Finally we were naked, and fell down on the bed which was provided.
Neither of us was shy about expressing our love for each other, but just
enjoyed each other. One of us would take the lead, driving the other to
heights of passion and joy, then backing off to allow the other to do
the same, it was an expression of love this give and take, and the used
of our mouths and tongues on each others nipples, cocks, fingers, toes,
knees, ears and working to the assholes. One was on top then the other,
we were side to side mouths to cocks and hands roaming all over bodies,
fingers up asses and we were reveling in it and loving each and every
minute.

Alex found my ass pucker with his index finger and I pushed back trying
to impale myself on it. He went it with spit and shoved in where I
wanted him to be, he spit some on his other hand and rubbed it on his
cock while he worked his finger in my ass. It dawned on me that, at
least with Alex, each time we had anal sex my ass seemed to open up
easier, faster and wider than when someone else tried to fuck me. I
wondered if this was my body recognizing the deep love I had for Alex. I
knew I loved to have Alex in me and that he loved to have me in him,
this made for the versatile sex relationship we had and opened all kinds
of opportunities and possibilities for each of us to give and receive.

Maybe it was our just being alone and could revel in each other's
bodies, but Alex's ministrations to my body and asshole were driving me
into frenzy. When he touched my asshole with his cock I quickly wriggled
myself putting my legs on his shoulders and pushing my ass back until I
could feel his balls on my ass. Now I was complete. His already stiff
cock seemed to grow more and become more rigid. I could not help myself
I cried out "Fuck me, give it to me, ride me, make my asshole move,"
while lowering my legs to the small of his back and pulling him closer
trying to make us one. Our sexual encounters got better each time and
this one was certainly turning us on as never before.

Alex lowered himself so he could kiss me and with our mouths locked
together, we were both making noises, I was working my ass muscles as
much as I could and then I felt Alex's cock grow and throb as I shot
great gobs of cum between us, covering our chests and stomachs. This set
Alex off and pushing his cock as far in as he could he ground his mouth
and tongue into mine as he shot off deep inside of me. We could not get
enough of each other; we lay there joined together by his cock, coming
down from a fantastic sexual peak.

Soon Alex's cock began to soften and slip from my ass, as my own cock
lost its rigidity.
There were no words to describe what had happened, I stretched and held
my hand out to Alex, telling him "You are marvelous", and what do you
think you are as he leaned to kiss me, we lay there contentedly until
Alex said "shall we try the hot springs?" I agreed and he got up pulling
me with him and arm in arm we walked out of the room to the adjoining bath.

We walked into the bath and soaped each other up, having fun with the
nipples, cock and balls and in ticking soapy fingers up each other's
ass, then standing under a shower rinsed off. We walked into the hot
pool where we leisurely soaked sitting across from each other so that
our feet could caress the legs of the other and then let our toes play
with the cock and balls of the other. We stayed in the pool long enough
for our muscles to relax and our pores open, then got out and then
sitting on the rim did some serious soaping and scrubbing to cleanse
each other's body, after this was completed we again showered and got
into the hot pool where we luxuriated in its warmth. Finally feeling
satiated we got out and having a warm shower stepped outside to air dry.
We stood in a little enclosed garden and looked up at the night sky and
marveled at our great and good luck in finding each other. Neither of us
could bear to think what would happen at the end of this tour of duty.

Holding hands we walked back into the bedroom, and if it were possible
we were even more turned on than we had ever been. We fell on the bed
and began making love again, only this time it was like we were moving
in slow motion, nothing was hurried and we took turns pleasuring each
other in many different ways, bringing each other almost to the point of
climax several times. We both began to feel sensations we had not
experienced before.

Finally Alex was lying on his back and I was on top of him, rubbing
myself over his body and then slipping down to lick, suck and kiss his
nipples. Alex spread his legs apart and I just naturally slipped between
them. My rigid steel cock jabbed him and he raised his hips as I slipped
further down on his body.

When that happened he wrapped his legs around me and placing my cock
head at the entrance to his, felt it open and engulf it, my cock slid as
easily into him as his had into me. "Give it to me love" he cried. We
were coupled as one and this was not just a fuck this was making love,
when each man loved the other and was giving all they had. I enjoyed
playing with Alex's nipples, but was careful not to make contact with
his cock which was leaking precum, I dipped my finger in the precum
running down his side and fed each of us in turn by giving him my finger
to suck then replenishing the cum I sucked it off. I leaned down to kiss
Alex and somehow that pressed a magic button for as I pushed into his
love canal his cock spurted and he erupted on our stomachs and chests as
I felt his sphincter muscle try to clamp shut. That triggered me and if
felt as if gallons of cum were pushing and pulsing out of his cock. Alex
relaxed between each shot, which allowed me to expel more cum. Our
orgasms seemed to go on forever, it was a wonderful feeling, and we were
as one body as each reacted to the others muscle spasms.
To me this was the ultimate in love.

Mouths searched for each other then I wanted to taste Alex, and I licked
the cum from his chest, and taking some on a finger put it in Alex's
mouth, and then leaned over to kiss him so we could stir the cum around
in each other's mouth.

No words were spoken, just sounds of love and pleasure. We lay like that
for several minute until I started to slip out of Alex, and as we began
to separate the cum which had dried on us began to separate. We really
did not separate and must have dozed off, because by the time we woke up
we were really stuck together.

We got up and made our way back to the bath, this time we washed each
other rinsed, relaxed in the pool and then taking a warm shower once
again stood outside to dry before returning to the bedroom and the bed.
As we snuggled together in bed I happened to look at my watch on the
stand and was shocked to see that it was 0130. What a wonderful time
this had been, we wrapped ourselves together and must have immediately
fallen asleep.

We did not wake up until there was a knock on the door telling us it was
0700, we got up and with our morning hardons went into the bathroom to
pee, we stood side by side while peeing, the cum from the night before
really gave us morning breath, so we quickly brushed our teeth, and
shaved, then we had time for a quick shower. We finally were ready to leave.

We had a light breakfast at the inn and were waiting outside on the
veranda when our ride came for us. We chatted about my coming operation
and how long I would be in the hospital, they had originally thought it
would be a week, but it could be longer. I was a little apprehensive
about it and Alex did all he could to calm me down. All too soon we were
at the hospital and taking my bag I walked to the door turned and waved
to Alex and entered.

I walked up to the desk and told them I was Lt. Greg Young there for
some plastic surgery, the nurse pulled a chart out and asking some
questions filled in some blanks and ran for an orderly to show me to my
bed. The hospital did not have private rooms but bays, and the bay I was
in was empty, as I was the only one scheduled of plastic surgery. I
would have like some company, but so be it. The orderly brought me a
pair of hospital pajama's and when I had changed took my clothes and bag
except for my ditty bag to be placed in a locker and told me the doctor
would be in to see me shortly, and that probably they would do the
operation today.

I lay there thinking about the wonderful night I had with Alex and was a
little embarrassed when the doctor came as I had a hardon tenting my
pajama bottoms and causing the fly to open showing part of my cock and
shaved balls. He looked at me and laughed then had me sit up so he could
look at my face. He said that they would do the operation in about an
hour, and that all I would have would be a couple of locals, one for the
right side of my face and one for my buttocks where they would take some
skin for the graft, he said I would not feel any pain, but might feel
some blood run down my face and hear them when they cut, he also said
they would give me a tranquilizer which should calm me down. I thanked
him and noticed that while he was explaining things to me my cock had
shrunk way down as if it were now trying to hide.

It seemed no time at all until they came in and put me on a gurney and
wheeled me into the operating room. Previously they had given me a shot,
which I guess was the tranquilizer, as I was feeling fine. They shot my
face in several spots and turning me on my side shot my left buttock in
a couple of places, and then went about some other business while the
anesthetic took effect. Finally they were poking me with something and
asking if I could feel anything, I told them that I could not feel much
and no pain, they had jabbed with needles, so they began to work. I
could look up at the doctors above me and then I heard a weird sound as
they began to cut into may face, I cannot describe it, but I will never
forget it. Then I could feel something running down my neck and someone
wiping it up. After some time they turned me and I guess removed some
skin from my ass, and then turning me again worked again on my face. In
hearing them talk they seemed quite pleased with what was happening and
said that I would probably need one more operation and then some finish
work, but all was going well. It did not seem like I was there long, and
was shocked to find out that the operation took over three hours. They
bandaged me up and wheeled me back to my bed, and then an orderly
brought me lunch. After eating I was given a pill and before I knew was
fast asleep and the next thing I knew the orderly was shaking me to tell
me dinner was there, I ate and fell immediately back to sleep and slept
until I was awakened by a nurse to take my temperature. Why they do this
at an ungodly hour in the morning I will never know.
After a while an orderly came in with water so I could brush my teeth
and wipe my face off before breakfast. He told me he would be back later
to give me a bath. Was kinda nice to be waited on. I had some soreness
in my face and ass so asked about a pain pill and he said he would check
with the nurse on duty. Since I was the only one in this ward there was
not a full time nurse assigned there, but one in another ward looked out
for me, I did have an orderly assigned to the ward full time and since I
was his only patient got great treatment. The orderlies were young men
in there mid twenties and I was surprised to see that they were all
muscular and really nice looking young men. Since we were still in a war
zone they all including doctors and nurses were in battle greens not
whites. However my orderlies did not wear their jackets and so were just
in tee shirts, due to the heat.

The orderly soon came back and said that the doctor would be in to see
me in a few minutes and then would decide what medication I should have.
He said after doc looks you over I'll give you your bath. The doctor was
there in about fifteen minutes and checked my face and ass, saying I
looked fine, due to the bandage on my left buttock I was only wearing a
pajama top and that was unbuttoned. He checked my heart and blood
pressure, and told the orderly he would have some pain medication sent
over for me and to follow the instructions on it. Also, he asked me if I
shaved my body, and when I answered yes told the orderly that when I was
bathed to shave me as the hair growing out could become itchy and he did
not want me to have that along with the face and ass healing.

The orderly whose name I found out was Roy came back in a while with the
bath and shaving stuff, he bathed me and then using an old fashioned
brush and cup lathered up my body, the use of the brush was a different
feeling and when he hit around the nipples and cock and balls it was
quite erotic, in the pits it had a tendency to tickle, but he soon had
me lathered up and began shaving me with an old fashioned straight edge
razor, needless to say I remained extremely quiet during this operation,
especially when he was working around my cock and balls. When he had
finished using some lotion he had brought he rubbed and massaged it into
my body, giving me a first class hardon when he worked on my cock.

Then giving me a pill he left me to rest.

The days blended as there was not much to do, the doctors came to see me
twice a day, I saw the nurse in the morning and at night and other than
that just the orderlies in the bay, I was bathed everyday and shaved
every other day. The best thing was the food, they had all kinds which
we had not been able to get, fresh eggs so I actually could have some
fried eggs, real milk, not powdered, and beef, they had steaks,
hamburger and roasts, not once did I see our normal fare of chicken or ham.

My face was healing nice and so was my ass that after ten days they said
I could go back to my home base. I had been able to wear pajama bottoms
for the last couple of days and also had been able to take a shower by
myself, as long as I kept my face away from the water, the area on my
ass had healed over to the point where the water did not bother it.

I was told to rub both areas with baby oil after showering and also
first thing in the morning to keep the skin supple. While I was glad to
be going home I would miss the baths and wonderful body shaves that Roy
had given me while I was there. He told me he would probably still be
there when I came back for the final work, and the Doctor told me it
would only by some face work that no more grafts would be needed. I was
most happy to hear this and asked when I might be back and he said
probably the beginning of November.

They had notified Col. Crane when I could be released and he decided to
fly over and get me himself. So after twelve days in the hospital I was
in the plane flying back to those who I had come to love as brothers and
more.

Comments? afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Mon, 29 Mar 2004 12:53:04 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 20

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 20

I was still trying to figure out the general's strange behavior as I
walked in the gate and really was not looking when I ran right into
Colonel Crane and almost knocked him over.

I grabbed at him we both teetered for a moment until we gained our
footing.  He looked at me and said "Lt. Young you will pay for that, see
me in may room in one hour and be naked when you knock on my door."
God, after the session with the general and blowing two loads of cum I
did not know if I had anything left to give anyone.  I quickly got my
towel and raced to the showers to get the sweat and smell of the session
with the general off my body and to check for any stray stubble on my
body, fortunately I did not find any.  I wrapped the towel around me and
went back to my bed where I read until it was time to walk out and
around to the colonels door.

With all that had gone on I did not feel one bit self conscious about
walking around the compound nude, in fact I think the majority of the
men were beginning more comfortable naked than dressed.  Clothes seemed
so confining and only seemed to exacerbate the heat, humidity and
sultriness of the air.  It was not so much exhibitionism as being
comfortable, and it seemed all of us were becoming quite comfortable
with our bodies, at least I knew I was and no longer cared if I was
dressed or not outside of working hours.

Knocking on the door, it was quickly opened and Crane reached down and
grabbed my balls and pulled me in the room, closing the door behind
him.  I saw Alex standing by the bed, and knew I was in for it.  Both
Crane and Alex were nude sporting their great hardon's and looking at me
with all sorts of evil in their eyes.  Oh, God what has happened ran
through my mind.  Crane set me at ease when he said they had been
looking forward to action with me for over a week, and could wait no
longer.  I relaxed somewhat, but was still a little apprehensive.

Crane pulled me over by my balls to his bed which had been placed in the
center of the room and pushed me down on my back.  He pressed his mouth
to mine and began to kiss me as Alex began taking my toes into his mouth
and sucking on them.  This had never happened to be before and was
beginning to send me into orbit, especially when Crane moved his mouth
and hands to my already over sensitive nipples and began toying with
them.  As Crane moved down my body, Alex moved up, kissing and sucking
on my legs, the back of the knees and as Crane stuck his tongue in my
navel, Alex began to kiss my right thigh and gently tease the left one.
By this time my cock was as hard as it had ever been and I was tossing
on the bed in sexual frustration.  Alex raised one leg and ran his
tongue up my ass to kiss and suck at the rosebud of my asshole as Crane
licked my balls. Then lowering my leg they each took one side of my cock
and began to nibble and kiss their way from the ball sack to the head,
and pulling the foreskin back ran their tongues around my swollen and
sensitive head, causing me to hump the air for relief, they moved up and
down the shaft of my cock and at times would kiss over it and then go
back to their kissing and licking, at the same time they were pulling my
ball sack down as far as they could which gave me both pain and
pleasure.  When I thought I would cum they stopped and moved back to
what they had originally been doing only changing places, this time Alex
worked my upper body and Crane administered to my legs, moving down one
and then working on the foot while Alex was teasing my nipples, pits and
navel.  Crane finished sucking the toes of one foot and moved to the
other and then began to work his way up my leg.  Alex had now moved from
one side to the other and was working his back and forth between my
tits. When Crane reached the junction of my legs he raised them, dove
his face and tongue into my ass and began his magic on my hole, then
without warning he shoved his fat cock into my ass.  Apparently there
had been some sign between the two for as Crane's cock entered my ass,
Alex pushed his cock into my mouth and to my throat, his balls were
bouncing on my nose as he shot his cock in and out of my mouth.  The two
finally synchronized their movements so that as one cock went in the
other came out.

Between the two of them they were driving me crazy wanting to explode my
own cock, but they managed to be able to stop me by either pulling my
ball sack down or one of them would suck my cock into his mouth and then
begin biting, especially around the head.  This caused me to deflate in
a hurry.  They took their time and then abruptly they both pulled out.
They began to work my body over again and brought me to the peak then
denying me the pleasure they changed places and as Alex fucked my ass,
Crane fucked my face.  This time they kept it up until they both came.
Crane's cum tasted sweet and was hot and thick, and I could tell Alex
was pumping his into me by the way his cock was throbbing in my ass.  I
cleaned Crane's cock and then Alex brought his up for me to get the
remnants of his cum and my ass juice off.  As I slowly sucked and licked
his cock, Crane was sucking my balls into his mouth and rolling them
with his tongue.  Alex pulled his cock from my mouth and leaned down to
kiss me deep and long as his hand slowly moved my foreskin up and down
on my swollen cockhead.

They began to again kiss and lick at my cock, one on each side and to
flick their tongues on the head, but never letting me get close to
cumming, then just as I thought I could take no more they slowly jacked
me off and my jizz spurted in hot spurts onto my face, chest, stomach
and dripped down the cock shaft to me balls.  I do not know how many
spurts came, and was surprised after the workout the general had given
me that I had anything left in my balls.  The two of them now began to
lick my body clean of the cum I had sprayed out, and I lay there
exhausted from the sexual high I had been on.

But they were not through with me.  After we had rested for a while and
Crane had given us a scotch to drink they were ready for more.  This
time Alex fucked my face and Crane my ass until each shot another load
into me.  This took them about forty-five minutes as it was the second
time for each, and by the time
they shot, both my jaws and ass were sore from the pounding they had taken.

They then took turns, licking and sucking my ass to make me feel better,
but this only inflamed me so that I wanted more, so to humor me they
took turns sticking a finger or two or three up my ass and fucking me
that way, they hit my prostate and before I knew it my cock was hard and
throbbing again, I didn't know which one was playing with my ass as I
shot another weak load of cum and it sort of just slid down my cock
shaft.  The fingers were withdrawn from my ass and Crane licked me
clean.  After this we rested for a while and then Crane decided we
should take a shower, Alex and I got our towels and met Crane outside
the barracks and the three of us walked over and down the stairs to the
shower.

The showers were busy and there was a lot of steam, even with the heat
we enjoyed the steam as it cleansed the pores of our bodies.  Through
the steam I could make out some of the men I had seen at Nick's party,
and though I was never sure I thought I saw a couple of them fucking
someone standing against the wall.  The steam and the dim lights there
made it hard to tell as we waited for some of them to leave.  When four
of them came out to dry off, we moved into the showers and found three
heads together so that we could buddy up and do the backs of each
other.  I did not mind that, but they kept sticking fingers up my ass,
as they knew the steam was obscuring much of what was going on.  We
finally turned the cold water on and rinsing went to dry off.  We had
only brought towels and ditty bags, so we walked naked back up the
stairs. Then we returned to our quarters and I for one fell on my bed
exhausted and hoped for a good nights rest.

The next few days were uneventful, I still worked out at the gym and one
day asked Song-San about the prisoner, as I had noticed his room was
empty.  I was informed that he had been sent down into the base and
given a room where he was forced to service the men stationed there and
would be brought back once it had been determined that each man had used
him at least once, as they had to sign a book when they went into his
room.  Until all had used him he would stay there, Song-San had heard
that some were using other's names, so that they could keep him longer
and when they tired of him would use their own names so he could be sent
back to the general.  It seemed he had given them some trouble at first,
but by working on his balls and using electric shots through his
nipples, cock, balls and ass, plus using the vise on his nuts and
tightening it when he refused to suck it broke his resistance down.  It
appears that before he caved in they had used the vise several times
until he passed out, and then released the jaws, they did not want to
destroy his testicles, at least not now.

The general seemed busy with his aides and I did not see much of him, he
came down to watch me work out on the rings a few times, smiled and said
I was getting back to where I was and left.  I was really in a quandary
about his attitude toward me.  There had not been a chance for me to get
together again with Alex, but after my last sexual workout was glad of
the time to recuperate.

On Saturday, it dawned hot and muggy, and right after breakfast three
trucks pulled into the compound to load the people up going to the beach
for the day.  Some of the cooks were staying to fix a lunch to bring and
then they would trade places with those there, who would come back to
prepare dinner.  Since Brock was still in his cast he and Padgett
elected to stay and watch out for things, also we had to leave one
communications person who could not be spared.  Brock and Padgett were
shown how to fire the heaters for the hot water for the showers and the
drivers bringing in the water would bring lunch to us and change with
some drivers at the beach.  That way almost everyone would get at least
a half-day at the beach.

Most of the men were in shorts when they climbed in the trucks, all of
us had towels and most of us had deck shoes on.  It was a hot dusty ride
and we were glad to see the ocean.

We piled out of the trucks, which were left to be guarded by six Korean
MP's, two to a truck, which the colonel had talked the general into
loaning us.

Most of us stripped down to swim in the ocean; however, we had some
newcomer's who still did not feel that comfortable, so they kept their
swimwear on.  Someone got a flag football game going and the first one
was between the officers and airmen.  They had thought this out as they
brought twine to be tied around your waist and colored cloth to be
tucked in on each side.  Red for the officer's and blue for the airmen.
The airmen beat us quite handily.  Even though looking at all the men,
we all looked fit, as no one was fat or flabby it was apparent that the
airmen were in much better shape.  Later they played again two airmen
teams and the score was quite close.  Colonel Crane in talking to some
of us said maybe he ought to get a physical training program set up for
the officer's, which elicited groans from all.

It was enjoyable swimming and watching so many bronzed healthy bodies
cavorting without a care in the world on the sand and in the ocean, they
were young and exuberant and enjoyed each other.  Several time one would
tackle another and they would roll in the sand and then run into the
surf to wash and continue their horseplay.

The cooks brought us a good lunch and many of us just dozed after
eating.  There was a breeze coming from the ocean and it was the most
comfortable many us had been for a long time.

Finally it was time to return, and I was surprised to see few of the men
putting any clothes back, on most of them including all of the officers
just grabbed their towels and shorts and climbed back up to the trucks
and got in, most used their towels and shorts to put on the benches as
they were hot from sitting in the sun all day.

Since everyone wanted to hit the showers the colonel set up a rotation,
having the men go by their barracks and to even things out he started
with #2, followed by 4, 1 & 3 with the officers going last.  He
suggested that the men give the ones in the shower a half-hour before
going down for their turn, and since it was just 1630 there was plenty
of time to shower and still eat as dinner would not be served until 1800.

As I went in the barracks I stopped to talk to Dick Brock, and could not
help but notice that his nipples were red and puffy and his cock looked
used, I looked over at Joe Padgett and he was much in the same condition
and both of them had hickeys on their bodies.  So I asked if they had
been busy, they said not really, as there was nothing to do, I told them
they had best straighten up their beds as both of them looked well used
and walked on down to get stuff ready to go to the shower.  Finally at
1800 the officers filed down to shower, the airmen were on their way to
eat and paid no notice to the file of naked men going to get clean.

There was still plenty of hot water and we had a good bit of steam in
the showers and then began to wash, men were washing each other's backs
and getting all the sand off, and in some cases doing a good job on the
ass crack.  Alex and I washed each other and he said he felt some
stubble so told me to stay as the other's were leaving and then
proceeded to shave me.  It did not take long, but he wanted to make sure
he got it all and began to run his tongue over my shaved body and ended
up sucking me, as he shoved fingers in and out of my ass.  I was bucking
and moaning and it did not take me long to come, he bent me over and
quickly shoved his cock into my ass and began pumping furiously, I soon
felt his cock swell as he sent his cum into me, he stayed until his cock
softened, then we rinsed off again and made our way back to the barracks
to dress for dinner.  When we reached the mess hall everyone else was
well into their dinner and a couple of them smiled and winked at us as
we came in.  I really did not care, as it seemed good to have an
encounter with Alex, even if it was quick.

Most of us went over to the club after eating, we played bridge for a
while and then someone put some good dance music on and pretty soon some
of the airmen began dancing with each other and before long some came
over where the officers were sitting and asked some of us to dance.  It
was quite formal, they would bow and offer their arm to us if we
accepted, which under the circumstances we did, there were a few waltzes
and it felt odd to dance a waltz with a man, especially some who held
you tight and rubbed their crotches into yours.  There were erections
popping up all over the place, the sexual tension was beginning to get
high, so the colonel had the music changed to jitterbug and the active
dancing managed to get things back to normal.

Around 2200 most of us officers staggered off to bed, leaving the club
still going in full swing, and the men enjoying themselves.  I stripped
and fell into bed exhausted from the day.

Sunday was quiet day, spent most of it writing letters and getting
caught up on some of the things I had been neglecting. Finally got to
finish one of the oils I had started nice scene of a lake and trees in
autumn.  Almost made wish I had done a winter scene what with all the
heat.  Felt rather lethargic in the late afternoon, so just spent the
rest of the day lounging around.  Guess the heat, sun and activity of
the previous day was getting tome.

The next week went by rapidly, as the material for the new Quonset hut
arrived and I had to make arrangements with some local Koreans to level
the ground and pour the cement foundation.  I was happy to have our
houseboy as an interpreter, while I had learned enough of the language
to get by I was far from being able to give the needed directions for
getting the building up.  Once the cement floor had been laid and the
framework in place they were able to rapidly put the metal siding on and
by the end of the week we had our new recreation building.  Though it
was empty we had a building.

Then next Tuesday a cargo plane landed and we were pleased to see two
pool tables had been sent to us.  This improved the morale of the men no
end, now that they had something else to do other than volleyball,
horseshoes and some who played badminton.
Also, it would give them something to do in the winter months.  The
colonel also said that even though it was early he would appreciate it
if the men would write home and ask for some clothing and toy donations
so we could give the children of the village a nice Christmas.  It
sounded like a good idea and many of us wrote explaining what we wanted
and why.  I was gratified to hear from my mother that her ladies group
would make that their project for the rest of the year and asked when
and how the goods should be sent.

When I gave this information to the colonel he said he would write with
the information and put out a bulletin that anyone who got a favorable
reply to see him and he would send further information.  This relieved
the rest of us of the hassle of getting the stuff here.

I had not been able to get up to the gym while the building was going
on, and was glad when I finally could get up there and work out, not
only on gaining back my muscles, but to work on gymnastic routines.  I
did not want to get rusty and stiff.  On my to get some water from a
fountain, I passed the room where the prisoner had been held and saw
that he was back.  He looked not much worse for wear one of his guards
spoke English so I asked about him.  I was informed he had been the base
whore for as many as wanted him and that he had complained about sore
jaws and a sore ass, so to help him out they lined up more for him to
suck and fuck, figured the more use the less the pain.  He was also
forced to keep up his physical training and made to run at least five
miles a day, with weights hanging from his cock and balls.  I could see
where the ball separator was now wider and his nuts were hanging lower.
They had put rings in his scrotum where he had been nailed to the block
and when he was spread eagle on the cross they would attach weights to
the rings stretching his scrotum down so his balls could be pressed
further down.  He had been misbehaving since being brought back so to
punish him they were using leather whips to hit his balls, one on the
left and one on the right, as well as one in back using a leather
cat-o-nine tails whip up between his legs. They also would alternate
hitting his chest and back.  He was screaming and writhing, and since
they had put clips on his tits with a chain and weights and weights on
his balls, each time he moved it caused the weights to swing.  They had
used the rings in his scrotum to attach the chains for weights and this
did not seem to interfere with the paddling going on as the whips went
between the chains.   When they tired of this they picked up some of the
long needles and began to insert the needles into his testicles.  I
watched as the first one went in and heard his scream of pain, as they
put a needle in the other testicle he writhed and screamed again. Then
the two picked up the needles and each taking a testicle began to insert
needles, I could not watch any longer and ran for the gym, showered
dressed and went home.  I was at least glad the general had some new
playthings as he was leaving me fairly much alone.

I had now been here almost four full months and my life was completely
different than I had ever thought it would be.  I had been placed in an
all-male environment, the indigenous people were off limits to us,
except for those cleared to work in our compound, the language was
completely different and none of us had any language raining before
being assigned here.  The nearest place where you might find
English-speaking women was over an hours flight time if we had been able
to go there.  I had become one who was very comfortable and satisfied to
be running around nude along with quite a few of the other men.  Other
than in the showers at school and at the pool I had never been much
around naked men, and now I found myself enjoying watching them and the
play of their muscles as they moved around doing various activities.
Also, I had become aware of the very large differences in the sizes of
cocks and balls on men.  They ran the gamut of from average, to a few
which were really oversized looking, especially on those who had shaved
their cock and balls.  This always made them seem more prominent.  Also,
I had learned the size of the person did not determine the size of the
cock.

I had become rather good at sucking cock and learned to like the taste
and texture of cum as it was spurted into my mouth.  I had learned to
take cocks up my ass and had even been double fucked at times.  I had
gone through some (to me) extreme torture at the hands of General Park
and his associates, but found that some of the things they did to me
only served to make my cock more rigid and heightened my sexual
awareness and needs.
The biggest change in me had been my falling in love with Alex MacGregor
a Scot several years older than I was, and who it seemed returned my
love.  We tried to find times and places where we could be alone and
suck and fuck to our heart's content, but it was becoming harder and
harder to find such a place.   Alex was teaching me it was about a toss
up between being a top or a bottom as he was most versatile and was
teaching me to be the same.

I had learned of man's sadistic nature in watching the actions of
General Park and also in the way that Nick Ford was made into a minion
of Kestitus, but in this case I thought it was for the good.  Ford had
gone from being an arrogant ass, into one of the more friendly men in
the compound.  He was well on the way to becoming a worthwhile person.

We were in an odd situation; we could come and go as we pleased within
the limits of the job and availability of transportation.  But were
limited to only a few villages and some towns, most of which had
suffered heavily during the war.  The closest one, which had not
suffered, was ChinHai where Sygmon Rhee had his summer home, but it was
a long dusty ride and not much to see once you got there.  So our
entertainment was homegrown, with luck we would occasionally get a
movie, so far we had not had a visit from a chaplain, we did have a fair
library and an excellent dark room, areas for volleyball, horseshoes and
badminton, and that was it.  So we turned to each other, there were a
lot of chess, bridge and other card games going.  I know that the airmen
had developed a new kind of poker, as I never saw much money change
hands but could see a rather stricken look on the loser and grins on the
faces of the others.

Letters from home meant a great deal and I always tried to answer them
quickly so I could get some more.  I did get a couple of care packages,
and enjoyed the cookies and even the popcorn, which was packed around
them to keep them fresh.

We all were on an edge, and it was becoming apparent how thin the veneer
of civilization was once men were left up to their own devices on how to
entertain and comport themselves without the constraints we had grown up
with being present.  You could see men trying to maintain a benign
attitude but the baser instincts were beginning to show more and more.
Colonel Crane could see this and even though everyone was to get a R&R
after being there for six months he began to scheme on how he could get
some of our men to Japan for a day or two every so often, finally he hit
on getting planes checked and serviced and getting supplies we could not
readily find in Korea, so he set up a schedule for the enlisted men to
go to Japan, three or four for a weekend or three days about every two
weeks.  To make it fair he held a lottery of names and this seemed to
satisfy all.  It would take some time and he also got the roster set up
for the R&R so each man would know when he would go.  Lucky me I get to
go in October, during the fall rains in Japan.  Oh well maybe things
will change it will still be over a month until I go.

Back in the compound I worked on another oil and wondered if this
damnable heat would ever break, I swear I was sweating out more water
than I was taking in, even though I was always after water, it did not
seem to do much good. Besides to make the water drinkable they had to
purify it and the only way it really ever tasted good was in coffee, a
drink or if it had been boiled and then cooled.  I noticed that the
pissors in the compound were not being used as much as before and just
hoped we all would be all right.

The end of August was drawing near and the heat seemed to get worse.
Then headquarters decided they needed an up to date inventory of what
supplies we had on hand.  Sgt. Jones and Cpl. Ross and I were doing the
supply building, which was an annex of hell.  The Quonset hut facing
east and west, had a door at each end, two windows in the front where
the office was and one in the back inside the cage we keep guns and
ammo.  The east door also had a barred door on the outside as it was
next to the guns and ammo room.  So we could open that door and leave
the barred one locked, but we never did seem to get much of a breeze.
We worked about an hour at a time then got out of the hot box and rested
before going back in.  It was so hot that we started out in underwear
which soon became soaked, so we discarded them and just worked naked,
that way the sweat rolled off us, but collected in our sox and we wore
shoes and sox, since the floor was rather warm.

About the third day of this we heard the bell in the front office ring,
and since I was down on the floor said I would go see what it was.  I
grabbed a towel and wiped some of the sweat off, and put it around my
waist as I went to up the Dutch door to see who was there.

I noticed by his stripes he was a Master Sergeant and assumed that he
must be our new First Sergeant since the old one had rotated home the
week before and we had not seen his replacement.  This man looked to be
in his mid to late thirties, about six ft. with coal black hair, deep
blue eyes, and a face almost too pretty to belong to a man.  I asked how
we could help him and looking at me with disdain informed me he was the
new First Sergeant James Rice and he would like to talk to whoever was
in charge.  I got a kick out of this and extending my hand said:
"Welcome, I am Lt. Greg Young, and I suppose you are here to pick up
your bedding and other things we furnish."  He got a shocked look on his
face and stammered that yes he would like to get what he needed.  I
decided to really give him a welcome, and loosening my towel let it fall
to the floor and kicked it aside, then opened the lower part of the door
and asked him to come with me.

He stepped inside and I closed the door and started toward the middle of
the building, which was the hottest, but where most of the bedding was
kept.  I called out to my Sgt. and Cpl. Informing them that the new
first was here to pick up supplies.  The crawled down from the upper
shelves where they had been counting and began to pull off the supplies
he needed.  I took him over to where the pillows were kept and told him
to pick out one he would like.  Usually we would have the man wait in
the office while we got things, but he got off on a bad start with me,
and I was glad to see that his uniform was getting large damp spots on
it, also of interest was that there seemed to be a bulge that was
getting bigger in his crotch as he watched all the naked men move around
and every so often when having to bend and get something from a low
shelf a glimpse of a twinkling ass hole would be seen.  We finally had
everything for him and noticing the time told Smith and Ross to take a
break out of the heat.  I told Sgt. Rice that Headquarters wanted an
inventory and we were doing our best to get it to them, but in this heat
could only work so long at one time and that it was much more
comfortable to work nude than have clinging wet clothes on.  He did not
say much, but think he agreed as his clothes showed a lot of damp
spots.  After he signed for his goods and was leaving he asked where the
showers were.  I told him how to get there but that there would be no
hot water until 1600.  He looked dismayed as he looked down at his
sweat-streaked uniform and the bulge in his crotch.  If he had been
nicer when he came in I could have sympathized with him, but also
realizing I should stay on good terms with the First Sergeant I told him
that if he did not mind just warm water I was sure the sun had heated
the water up from cold to warm.  He really looked grateful and I told
him that the three of us were going down and if he wanted help to get
settled we would be glad to be of service.  To my surprise he took us up
on it.  We helped him carry his stuff to his bunk, I found the houseboy
to get his bed made and to make sure his things were unpacked and hung up.

I told him that such service was not always available but that we liked
to help get newcomers settled in.  The three of us went to our bunks to
get fresh towels and I told Sgt. Rice we would meet him at the showers.
We got there first and I noticed he had worn his uniform and was taking
it off and hanging it up but did not see any fresh clothes with him.  He
came into the showers and I guess we all gave each other the once over.
Sgt. Rice had curly black hair on his chest and going down to his
pubes.  I was surprised to see that his cock and balls looked shaved,
and that the hair above his cock was trimmed. He had a nice looking
uncircumcised cock and large low hanging balls; I could not help but
notice his cock was somewhat enlarged. When he bent over I could see his
ass had no hair there either.

When he came into the shower room his cock was about at a 45-degree
angle, but being good airmen we made no comments.  We washed up got rid
of the sweat, then just let the warmish water pour over us.  Turning off
the water I decided I would just air-dry, thought it might be cooler
than toweling off.  I wrapped my towel around my waist as did Smith and
Ross and we began to leave.  Sgt. Rice hollered at us to wait, and he
tied his towel on and grabbed his clothes and as we walked back up the
stair, he asked about getting laundry done.  I told him how and to just
give his clothes to the houseboy and he would take them down, let you
know how much and would pick them up for you. He thanked us and went to
his barracks and we went back to Hells annex for more inventory.  The
showers had helped, but we still had a few more hours to go.

That night at the club I related the days adventure to Alex, and said I
hoped I had not made an adversary of the First Sergeant.  He said he did
not think I had to worry, and not long after that Sgt. Rice came in and
surprised me by going to the bar and then bringing three drinks over to
our table, he had gotten one for himself and found out what Alex and I
were drinking and brought us refills.  He thanked me for helping him get
settled in and hoped that we would have a good working relationship.  I
thanked him and we told him some of the peculiarities of our place.  I
told him that I was sure that Lt. Padgett would clue him in as soon as
he had time, and would probably do so in the morning as they liked
people to get settled before hitting them with everything.  I bought the
next round and after Alex had gotten us another we all called it a
night. Rice asked if Alex and I were a couple and without blushing I
replied "yes".  He nodded and I could hear him say under his breath as
he left, "lucky sod", but did not know who he was referring to.

Walking back to the barracks, I asked Alex if he thought it would be
appropriate for the colonel to be coupled with his First Sgt. Alex
replied he didn't know, but when the time was right would approach the
colonel.  I told Alex of Sgt. Rice's attributes and felt that he could
serve the colonel well, and that I also thought Rice needed someone, but
that it would not be right for him to get tied up with an enlisted man
under him.  We both agreed it was something to mull over and see if a
solution could be found.  We wandered over to a gun emplacement and
dropping into it, I soon had Alex's cock from under his kilt and in my
mouth, when it was nice and hard and throbbing I stood up dropped my
pants and leaned over the gun mount so Alex could mount me.  He eased
his cock into my hole and began his wonderful in and out movements.  I
was squirming but had to be careful because of the gun mount and he soon
had me moaning low and steady as his cock massaged my prostate.  I could
feel his cock swell and throb as he shot his sweet cum into my ass, this
triggered me and I shot onto the gun mount where my cum slid down to the
ground.  As he pulled out I turned and kissed him, first nibbling on his
lower lip and then by pushing my tongue into his mouth.  We embraced for
some time then straightening our clothes, climbed out of the emplacement
and on to bed.

Comments? afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2004 10:06:10 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 19

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 19

Sunday was still sultry, so Dick, Joe and I lounged around nude both
inside and out, they were interested in what had happened and had me go
over and get Kestitus to come and talk with them.  He explained that
Nick was resting and he would be taken care of, that he, Kestitus would
be his mentor and protector and see that no harm came to him, while at
the same time making him realize he was now more of a man than he had
ever been.

We could tell Kestitus was sincere in his statements and felt that
things would turn out for the best after all.  Tony came by in the
afternoon and said that most of the tension seemed to have dissipated
with the rape of Nick.  We all talked for a while and then Tony's
wandering hand found my cock and the next thing we knew the four of us
were involved in a daisy chain, with Joe sucking Dick, Dick sucking me,
I sucked Tony and Tony sucked Joe.  We took our time and licked and
sucked the balls and ass crack of the person we were involved in and
after a long time we began to spurt our cum down each other's throats.
After cumming we still sucked on the balls and asses of our partners, it
was a most enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours on a hot afternoon.

I threw on some shorts and went over to the club, there were quite a few
of the airmen there and all seemed to be in a real good mood, this was a
change from earlier in the week and I took it as a sign the tension was
lessening, at least for them.  I of course recognized many of them from
their assault on Nick, but by mutual unspoken agreement we did not
acknowledge each other until we had been introduced.  One of the shocks
I had gotten in observing the rape of Nick was the fact that both Dick
Thomas and Gene Woltz had taken part in the abuse.  I would have sworn
that both were as straight as could be, but now I looked on their close
friendship with a different eye.  They could be lovers but then on the
other hand just close friends.  I decided not to pursue it as did not
want to lose the friendship I had with them.  Figured if they wanted to
tell me they could, as am sure they knew of my alliance with the
MacGregor.  They came in and joined me and we discussed the weather, my
flying, when I would be going to Pusan to have more work done on my
face, that I did not know, what would come of the conference the colonel
and the others were attending and of course when would the weather turn
decent again.  Everyone was going on as if the activity in the showers
Friday evening and night and on Saturday never took place.  However,
after seeing almost all of the airmen naked and either fucking Nick's
mouth or ass, I had a pretty good understanding of how they looked under
the clothes they may wear.  While I had seen most of them taking a
shower it was different seeing them with their cocks erect and fucking
either a mouth or an ass, and I knew I would always look at them,
especially those I worked with just a bit differently than I used to.  I
just hoped that in remembering them I would not get a hardon and
embarrass myself in front of them.  These were all men in the prime of
life and their bodies were in excellent physical shape, someone should
know that you do not throw such men together with no sexual outlet and
not expect something to happen with them in their close quarters.  I was
always amazed at how they never seemed to have any disagreements over
who was with whom or for whom.  They seemed to have an unsigned
agreement that they would get along.  Makes one have some faith in the
human race after all.

Because of the weather it had been several days since I had been up to
the gym, so I ate an early dinner and walked up to work out.  It seemed
to be just a tad bit cooler to me as I went to the building and for this
I was thankful.  I had only worn shorts to walk over, as all the brass
was gone and no one to really care.  I began my workout and after a
while was surprised to see Song-San come in.  I did not know he was
there, we chatted for a while and he told me he had just returned from
taking the prisoner for a four mile run.

He said he would watch and spot me on some of the weights and then if I
wanted to work on the rings or horse he would stay.  I thanked him and
spent the next hour working out and then did some routines on the rings,
finishing up with some floor exercises.  My white shorts were soaked and
had turned transparent.  Since I had nothing on under them my cock and
balls were readily seen.  Song-San reached over and pulled my shorts
down, bending down he began to kiss and nibble on my left nipple as one
hand worked on the right nipple and the other hand fondled my cock and
balls.  He soon had me moaning and pushing me down on them mats began to
lave and kiss my cock and balls, licking the sweat that had collected
there, then he cleaned my ass crack of sweat and spent some time
tonguing my asshole.  He moved back and began to suck up and down one
side of my cock and then the other, he would move up to the head and run
his tongue under my foreskin as he kissed the cockhead.  He was giving
me good head and soon had me moaning with lust.  He worked on my cock
and balls as his hands played with my nipples and asshole.  He soon had
me to the point where I could feel my balls drawing up and I shot my cum
into his mouth.  As the last spurts ended he cleaned my cock and lifting
my legs rammed his cock into my ass.  I yelped as he had prepared me
very well and there was a very sharp pain as he pushed in past the
sphincter muscle.  He wasted no time as his hips were working like a
pile driver and he shot his cock in and out of my ass.  After about ten
minutes he pushed his cock all the way in and I could feel it expand as
his cum was shot into me.  He kept his cock inside me until it softened
and fell out of its own accord.  We got up and used the shower to get
clean and then he invited me to look in on the prisoner.

The general had left instructions on how to handle the man while he was
gone and they had been carried out.  He had steel rings permanently in
place in the muscle behind each nipple as well as a smaller ring through
the nipple itself.  There had been small rings placed in the foreskin on
each side of the cockhead where the general had put fishhooks and
another ring in the base of the scrotum.   A two-inch band was installed
separating his balls from the base of his cock.  He was pumped up from
his run and Song-San informed that when he was taken out for his run
two-pound weights were hung on the back steel nipple rings, a chain was
run through the rings on the foreskin and another two-pound weight
attached, and then a ball parachute was put in place, and a one-pound
weight attached to the ring in the scrotum and a ten-pound weight to the
parachute harness and he was then forced by a belt around his waist
which was attached to the back of a bicycle to maintain a running speed
of whatever the man on the bike decided.  Since he had not been able to
maintain the required speed during his run upon the return the weights
on his nipples and scrotum had been changed to five-pound weights and
the parachute weight was changed to twenty-pounds.  The chain connecting
his foreskin had the weight removed and another chain going up through a
pulley in the ceiling was attached, the other end of the chain had a
ten-pound weight, which pulled and stretched his cock up and out, to add
to his pain he was spread eagle with his arms attached to chains from
the ceiling and his legs held apart by a spreader bar as they swung
about three inches above the floor.  Song-San said I was just in time to
watch the flogging as two muscular men with cats-o-nine-tails began to
give him ten lashes apiece.  As each stroke hit his back or front he
swayed back and forth causing his weights to swing and the pulley on his
cock to move up and down.  They had put a penis gag in his mouth so that
all you could hear was the slap of the whips against his bare body.
When the lashes were completed cold salt water was thrown on his body
and he was left to hang by his hands until they let him down to sleep.
Once again I was struck by sadistic nature of mankind.

I told Song-San I would see him again the next day and trotted back to
the compound, grabbed a towel and went to the showers, turned the water
on hot and tried to let it wash me clean again.  While I was there
Kestitus and Nick came in.  Nick was looking much better, his balls were
about normal but still red, he had one or two bruises showing and his
nipples were still swollen and puffy, but he had a smile on his face and
did not seem to be bothered a bit by the fact that Kestitus had a couple
of fingers up his ass.  Kestitus told Nick to bend over and spread his
ass for me, he did and I was amazed to see that his asshole was back to
normal, I thought it would be forever open.  Apparently Strasser had
given him some cream and other things to help him heal.  He told me he
was so happy that Kestitus was going to mentor him and that he would
forever be in his debt.  Such a change from the insolent kid of a couple
of days ago.  I wished them luck and left for my barracks and bed.

Monday I went up to the gym right after breakfast as wanted to be at the
compound in the evening in case the others got back early.  No such
luck.  The day was long, but not quite as hot and miserable as earlier
ones, apparently the monsoon rains had helped cool us off a little.

Tuesday afternoon the others flew back in and we once again were at our
full complement.  I had helped Dick and Joe put their beds back in the
right places and Joe had issued and order on Monday that all barracks
were to be cleaned and ready for and inspection on Wednesday, as he
wanted to show the colonel that we had not been idle while was gone.
The men cleaned with a gusto, as they knew they had been rather lazy the
past week with not much to do.  Everyone wanted to give the colonel a
good impression of the men he had left on their own that they could and
would take care of themselves and where they lived.  In fact the
barracks were probably cleaner than they had been in over a year by the
time they got through.  Padgett walked through and complemented them
saying he was really proud to be associated with such men.

The colonel left word that as the men ate dinner they were to be
requested to be at the theater/chapel at 2000 as the colonel had some
news for them.  Since he seldom if ever called for all at once everyone
was curious and all showed up.  The colonel told us that he had been
able to finagle a Quonset hut and the cement for a foundation so they
could have a recreation building, he also was able to get some financing
to pay for Koreans to do the grunt work on the building and once it was
completed, they would get one and maybe two pool tables and more
equipment later.  This was met with a stunned silence and then prolonged
cheers for the colonel.  He said he knew a barracks inspection was set
for tomorrow, but if it was alright with the men he would do it half an
hour.  Since the barracks were ready and only need slight work the men
agreed as then that would be over and they would not have to worry about
it again for quite a while.

The colonel was most pleased with the inspection and had a notice posted
that if the weather was good there would be a beach party this coming
weekend.  I could hardly wait to get the MacGregor alone to find out
what had happened and why all of them seemed so pleased when they
returned from the conference.

I finally got Alex to walk down to the library with me, but before I
could question him he was kissing me and stripping my clothes off,
dropped down and took my cock in his mouth and reaching up played with
my nipples, when I was good and hard he tore off his clothes lay down on
his back and pulling me down on him guided my cock to his asshole.  This
was the first time this had happened and as my cock entered into him he
gave a big contented sigh and I began to move my hips back and forth
sliding my cock in and out of his clutching ass ring.  He bucked his
hips up and his ass crashed into me as I slid my cock into him, we
perfected a rhythm as I pile drove into his ass.  I reached down and
kissed him as I fucked and our tongues slid back and forth in each
others mouth, then I began to kiss and lick his nipples, he pushed me up
and with his hands grabbed and pulled and twisted my nipples causing
exquisite pain and sending messages to my cock which grew larger.  I
alternated between short and long strokes and even pulled completely out
several times, as he cried "NO fuck me hard."  What could I do but give
in to his wishes.  I must have fucked him for a good half-hour before I
could feel the cum rising up my cock and I slammed into him as the first
burst of cum shot from my piss slit.  Several more strong bursts and
then some dribbles, but I let my cock grow soft before withdrawing.  I
had not noticed that he had spewed his cum while I was fucking him and I
leaned down to lick the cooling sperm from his chin, chest, cock and
balls.  He took my cock into his mouth and cleaned it of the cum and ass
juices still on it and then kissing me deeply told me how much he had
missed me.

I tried to get him to tell me of the conference, but all he would say
was that it went well for us and that things should improve, also that
the colonel was really working to get things which would improve the
morale of all the men and not make them feel so isolated and alone in
such a strange country.  He did not know how much could be accomplished
but felt that a good beginning had been made.  He also told me that our
First Sergeant was due for rotation soon and that the colonel had
requested and was likely to get an exceptional replacement, which should
please all.

We dressed and walked back up the hill and over to the club where most
of the others were relaxing and enjoying being back in their own
surroundings.  Most of us had changed after dinner so there was an array
of shorts, sleeveless undershirts, MacGregor's kilt and other
miscellaneous pieces of clothing seen.  Alex said the whole time they
had been at the conference, regardless of the weather they had all been
required to wear the summer weight wool uniform with jacket, and it was
nice to be comfortable again.  I told him we had been practically a
clothing optional base while he was gone, and he said, "I thought that
was normal here".  He wanted to know if anything had happened and I told
him other than Joe and Dick getting together it had been quiet and that
I had had one experience with Song-San.  He said that the men seemed not
so tense and I informed him that the monsoon had cooled things down and
everyone felt better.  He bought off on my explanation, which was the
one Joe, Dick, and I had settled on in case there were questions about
the mens behavior.  Everyone seemed to be in a good mood and we all
finally staggered off to bed.



The next day as I was finishing my work out I could hear screams coming
from down the hall, I ran down and could determine they were coming from
the prisoner's room.  As I reached it the door opened and one of the men
motioned me inside.  Apparently he had angered the general again as this
time after his run they had strung him up and attached the weights to
his nipples but had taken his scrotum and spread it out on a wooden
block and were hammering large headed tacks through the scrotum and into
the wood, the tacks began at the back of the sack came around on each
side and between the balls.  When they finished with the tacks, they
removed the table holding the block and let it swing free between his
spread legs, they attached a weight to the block and it pulled his
scrotum and balls down.  They now began to whip his back and front and
even aimed their whips at his cock, which was being pulled up, and out
by the chain through the ceiling pulley.  They did not gag him but
seemed to get pleasure out of who could make him scream the loudest.
After the whipping one of them grabbed a large dildoe, which had
protrusions on it and shoved it up his ass, he screamed as the large
dildoe scrapped his tender anal lining. They laughed and giving his
tacked down balls a hit with their fists left him hanging.  I followed
them out and went back to gather up my things and return to the compound.

It was hard for me to forget what I had seen the day before when the
colonel told me that the general was expecting me after dinner that
evening.  I knew I was not as pumped up as I had been, and that the scar
on my face was distracting, but also knew I had no choice but to go see
the general.

Leaving my uniform on after dinner I trudged over the generals
headquarters, one of his aides smiling and bowing ushered me into the
generals office and closed the door.

The general was all smiles when I entered; he was dressed just in a
kimono, he came over and began removing my clothes, when that was done
he placed his hand on my chin and turning his head softly began kissing
my lips, and then gave me a deep kiss.  One hand slipped down to my
exposed cock and balls and he lightly grazed his fingertips over them,
as our tongues swirled against each other I squealed within the kiss and
my body jerked as he sensation from my groin reached my brain.

The general lowered his mouth to my right nipple tonguing it slowly.  I
took a deep breath moaning as the air was expelled from my lungs.  The
general seemed to enjoy the shudders my body was going through as he
continued to lick my nipple, his fingers now teasing the other one.

My body was arching, the general had never done this to me before, where
had he learned it and why was he being such a lover to me, this was a
direct change from the way he had treated me before.  Could I trust him
or not?

He broke from me and moving to his desk picked up a pair of lined
leather cuffs, which had a chain with clasps at each end serving to
secure the cuffs.  Another clasp was linked as to connect the two cuffs
together.  I guessed he had not changed after all.  He cuffed my wrists
and attached each wrist overhead to one of the columns in the room.
This column had small metal dowels and I was stretched up, unable to
pull my arms down.  Using other straps at my waist, mid thigh and ankles
I was snugly bound to the column.

The general began to lightly kiss my body, mouth, armpits, sides,
nipples, navel were all subjected to light kisses and licks.  He would
press his lips into my flesh and wiggle about flicking his tongue or
suckling and pressing against me.  I shivered in reaction, and after a
few minutes he continued teasing me with his mouth, but began a light
grazing of my body with his hands.

He started at my waist on both sides and slowly slid his hands upwards;
barely touching my skin.  The sensations caused by his light touch were
acutely agonizing and were sending ripples through my body.  I went from
shivers to trembling to shuddering as the feelings of his fingers just
grazing my body hit my nerves and set them on edge.  As his fingers slid
further up, my shudders became more pronounced.  The grazing fingers hit
my armpits, and then slowly replaced their trip in reverse.  His tongue
grazing my right nipple then slid across my chest to the left nipple.

The general then slid his fingers, barely touching my skin downward,
beginning with the hollow of my armpits.  He slid his tongue across my
chest, twirling it as he went until it was in the middle of my right
armpit.  His tongue slowly circled the pits hollow and the effect on me
was electric.  He pressed his tongue more firmly into my flesh, whirling
it slowly, his fingers moved to my left armpit in slow sliding movement,
which was sensually exciting.  The combination of his tongue in the
hollow of my right pit and the fingers working their magic in my left
was causing me to become extremely sexually aroused, and I felt
sensations coursing through my body calling for release.


He had teased me for over fifteen minutes, which left me a sweat
drenched, twitching man with my erection painfully hard against my
stomach.  He now stood back and just looked at me, with what I could
only call lust in his eyes.  He brought a stool over and sitting on it,
his head was level with my chest.  He leaned forward, blowing his breath
on my nipples.  The prior teasing had left my nipples in a tingling,
hardened level of arousal, which had heightened their sensitivity.
Moaning I shivered as his tongue swiped against one nipple and a thumb
and finger grazed back and forth over the other.  The sensation only
hardened both nipples more, sending sexual shocks through my body.  I
gulped in air as the tongue stayed flat against the right nipple,
sliding over it, deepening its hardness, the thumb and finger on the
left nipple quickening there pace and causing the same effect.

The general quickly pulled back and switched, tonguing the left nipple
as his hand teased the right.  Every few minutes he would switch again,
the longer he did this more sensitive I became uttering deep guttural
growls.  After about twenty minutes of my shuddering and growling he
again began to use his fingertips to graze the hollows of my armpits.
The effect of the nipple teasing with the tickling of my pits jolted me,
and I cried out unintelligible sounds.

The general slid off the stool and continued the feverish lapping of my
nipples, his fingertips were splayed against my upper side's light
stroking and teasing me.  His fingertips glided down my sides, causing
me to buck in my restraints.  Still working on my sides with his
fingertips he began to softly suck and tease my nipples.  He held a
light suction while flicking and swirling his tongue around each erect
nipple.  This sent even deeper, lustful stimulation into my now highly
sex charged nerves.  Almost ten minutes went by until there was another
change.

The general had looked down and had seen that I was oozing a steady
stream of pre-cum from the slit in my rigid erection.  He slid down on
his knees and swallowed my rock hard cock.  His fingers kept up their
teasing on my upper thighs, and lower sides, as his head bobbed on my
erection.  He slid under the length of the cock, making sure to swirl
his tongue under the pulsing head.  My cock swelled even more as he
sucked, slurped, and moved his head up and down powerfully.  In a few
minutes I was pleading with him, and finally with my cock stretching to
its limits I erupted in a robust climax.  I shot was shooting hot, heavy
shots into the generals mouth, which he greedily swallowed, it seemed
forever as my hard-on vibrated his mouth, the cockhead spasming as it
went from heavy to small cum shots.  He gently lapped at my cock, as he
reached the cockhead he pulled my foreskin back from the head and began
gliding his lips over and back concentrating on the sensitized past
orgasmic head only.  He added suction and soon had me screaming.

He stood up and clamped his mouth on my right nipple again and resumed
his sucking his hands working on the left nipple.  My nipples had never
been so passionately stimulated, and were sending racing sexual feelings
to my cock, it became once again rigid and demanding and after twenty
minutes of tit torture, he again engulfed my cock in his mouth.  His
hands stroked the shaft, and between the mouth and hands I found myself
again shooting my cum into his mouth.  He held my cock in his mouth
until it went soft and slid out and then he fell backwards on the floor.

I could see that his cock was rampant, and if a few minutes he released
my from my bondage and helped me to lie on the floor, he kissed and
caressed my body, and then pushing me over on my back raised my legs,
and dove between them to kiss and lave my ass crack with his spit.  He
spent some time on the asshole and then kneeling between my legs he shot
his pelvis forward and imbedded his cock in my ass.  He fucked me for a
good half-hour as he once again played with my over sensitized nipples
and caused me to moan and throw my head about, both in ecstasy and
pain.  He ended with one final push and when he had shot his cum into me
brought his cock to my mouth for cleaning.  I gently slid my tongue up
and down and around the head and shaft cleaning if of any residual cum
and ass juices, he kissed me and drew me close.

After some time we dressed and he told me he was most glad to be back
and would see me again tomorrow.  As I left my mind was in turmoil, what
had happened to him, had he changed or was this some other way he
learned on how to torture and keep people off balance.  But I did know I
was drained and had enjoyed every minute I had been with him.

Comments? afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Wed, 03 Mar 2004 01:58:10 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 18

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 18

While I had never considered myself as being voyeuristic here I was
being a first class voyeur as I watched the humiliating degradation of
Nick Ford, his body hair had all been shaved, and his low hanging balls
were swollen and an ugly purplish-red from the kicks they had taken, his
cock was still swinging freely and long.  He was being punished for his
actions in going around nude all the time, bending over to show his
twinkling asshole and being in the habit of sitting next to someone and
stroking their upper thigh and when they began to get aroused would
laugh and leave and then stroke someone's back and do the same thing.
He had become a first class cock tease, and to add insult to injury he
was extremely good looking and had a well defined muscular body.

As I sat there Tony came out of the shower room and asked why I did not
join them, I told him that under the circumstances I thought it best not
to participate in the bringing down of Ford.  He understood and walking
into the shower room whispered to a nice looking blond and the two came
back over to me.  Tony said "Stand up, we will take care of you".  As I
stood he pulled my shorts off and took my rigid cock into his warm
mouth, the blond knelt behind me and pulling my ass cheeks apart began
to rim me as if there were no tomorrow.  With the two of them working on
me it did not take long until I shot my pent up sperm into Tony's mouth
and down his throat.  He milked me dry and standing gave me a deep kiss,
the blond who had been rimming me, also kissed me and from the two I
could taste my own seed and ass juices.  Telling me not to go away as
act two was about to begin the returned to the shower room and to Nick
lying on the floor.

Kestitus stood defiantly over the quivering Nick, sweating and belly
full from the loads of semen he had been forced to swallow from the men
in the showers.  This was more than Nick had ever dreamed of in his
worst nightmare, but he knew there was going to be a lot more coming
from the men around him, and as he lay flat on his back he was able to
take in the fact they were more than ready again by the erect cocks he
could see.  More than ready to give him another load or two of hot man
juice.  His stomach rose and fell as he tried to gather himself, but
this only made his belly ripple as the cum gurgled in his stomach.  His
lips were coated with a thick and very sticky splattering of cum.
Licking his lips he tried to get rid get rid of some of it, but as he
did this he heard comments to the effect "Look at he, he has really got
a taste for cum.".  "There is a lot more where that came from for you to
enjoy: one called out and another said "Hold it, you are going to keep
all that fine stuff on your face until we say, got that" as pulled back
his leg and Nick received another kick to his balls.

Kestitus, Tony and Strasser walked over to one of the showerheads and
talked, deciding where the next phase was going to take place.  In less
time than it took Nick to get on all fours it was decided and they
called for him to be dragged to the showerheads.  He was made to crawl
into position and then he was bound to the showerheads by his hands,
making him stand against the wall.  When he was securely tied up to the
showerheads everyone took their turn at using the rest of the ropes to
whip his ass and back.  Kestitus was in the thick of it working out all
of his pent up aggression, which had fueled his anger for so long
against Nick  Kestitus was going to be the first one to burst the cherry
of Nick's ass, as some of the men kicked Nick's legs apart Kestitus just
rammed his cock head on into Nick's asshole.  Nick's howls must have
been heard throughout the compound and base, but only by a few as most
of the men in the compound were in the shower room.  Kestitus pushed
every inch of his good sized cock into Nick right up to the pubes, and
used that ass like a rabid beast, he was taking out all his aggression
on that ass as it was now payback for all of Nick's teasing and taunting
and not giving out.  Having so much pent up hate he was only able to
last about 15 minutes until he shot his second load of the night, this
time up Nick's ass.  He had given Nick a hard pounding; teeth gritting
fuck, and let out a guttural groan as he blasted his cum into Nick.

The next man was quick to follow, and having Kestitus cum dripping out
of Nick's ass made his entry all the more easy.  Again there was a line
of men wanting to fuck Nick, and they had arranged themselves so that
each one had either the same size or slightly larger cock than the one
before.  Each man used Nick's ass to work out their aggression, using
and abusing him for hours, having already shot once into his mouth, now
on their second time at bat they had more control and could last a lot
longer, much to the agony of Nick's sweat slick body that and spasmed
with each hard pounding thrust.  The larger the cock the heavier the
spasms.  Finally the leaders started for a second time on his very
sloppy and dripping ass and as the first one pressed into his ass Nick
convulsed and starting babbling as his brain overloaded, leaving him a
heaving hulk who had lost control.  These last men had two things Nick
dreaded large cocks and a lot of staying power.  Nick was about out of
it as these last men started on his ass.  Kestitus was a muscular man
who took pride in his appearance and worked out.  He walked up to Nick
and with little effort sank every inch of his cock into the hot sticky
depths of the ass in front of him.  Most of it was not too painful until
he reached the last three inches and the ass got tight, the base of his
cock was thick and he slammed every remaining inch into the ass, making
Nick gasp in pain.  The muscles of Nick's sphincter acted as a cock ring
trapping the blood in Kestitus cock and making it grow even thicker.  He
rode that ass until he worked up some good friction sliding in and out;
Nick was wasted and knew more was to come. After twenty minutes Kestitus
shot his cum into the anal canal filling it with yet again a hot sticky
load.  As he withdrew from the ass Strasser was quick to push his cock
in the moist ass which was still partially open.  His cock was almost as
thick and long as Kestitus, but the veins were more prominent, and as
the cock moved in and out the feeling sent Nick into bliss and he was
falling into the joys head first over the feeling one gets from being on
the receiving side of man to man sex.

Strasser inside Nick's ass was turning him inside out in more ways than
one; he was turning Nick into the pleasure of taking a hard pounding
cock in his ass and the realization that he wanted more.  Strasser
worked like a well-oiled machine until he roared and filled the ass with
even more hot cum.  The others seeing Nick becoming weak laughed as Tony
walked up and watched all that new cum seeping out and coating the
thighs of the man before him, then he heaved his hips and sank every
inch of his cock into the sodden ass.  He would have liked to last for a
long time but the feeling was too good and he was soon shooting his load
up Nick.

Nick's helpless body hung limp from the shower heads as Tony pulled out
and wiped himself on the ass in front of him, leaving a mess of cum
lines on the ass.  Nick felt empty, as he wondered what would happen next.

Nick's wasted and abused body was cut down and he crumpled onto the
concrete floor.  They had really done their work on him, he felt his ass
would never be the same again, but knew that more was to come.  He tried
to prop himself up against the wall, as he knew that he to show some
kind of energy and power even if he was just bluffing. His legs would
not support him and he could only raise his head and shoulders.

The men who had gotten into his ass first wanted more and they were
going to get it as they had a lot of aggression and anger to take out on
him, but it was late and Kestitus called a halt, saying they would begin
again in the morning after breakfast.  The men quickly showered and
left, leaving only Nick, Kestitus, Tony and Strasser behind, these three
showered and then lifting Nick up cleaned him up and gave him an enema
to clean out the cum up his ass, the water and cum flowed into the drain
and out into the night, as Nick was half carried up to his new home.
While he had been in the shower room his belongings had been moved into
the barracks where Kestitus lived and he was now going to be under the
control of Kestitus, but did not know it at this time.

I left the showers and climbed the steps and went to my barracks, it was
early morning and I tried to be quiet as not to wake Dick and Joe, but
as I entered Dick called out for me to come and see him.  I walked down
the barracks and was surprised to see that they had put their beds
together in the middle of the room and had tied them so they had one
nice bed.  Dick and Joe were both naked and were entwined in each
other's arms.  Seeing my hardon Dick inquired if I would like to be the
meat in their sandwich, that Joe would fuck me while Dick and I would
blow each other.  After the scenes I had witnessed I was more than ready
to blow and readily agreed.  Joe got up and Dick and I arranged
ourselves so that each other's cocks were in front of the others mouth.
We had to work it so that Dicks cast was on top.  When we were set, Joe
got behind me and lifting my upper leg plowed his cock up my ass, it was
a bit painful but with my mouth on Dick's cock there was not much to
say.  We sucked/fucked for about half an hour and then we all came about
the same time.  As our cocks softened and slid from the various orifices
they had been in we rearranged ourselves so we all were lying the same
way.  They asked what had gone on in the showers and I briefly told
them.  They said I should go back in the morning, that as long as one
officer was there things probably would not get out of hand, and they
were afraid if either of them went it would give official sanction to
what was going on, but with me it was just as an observer.  While I was
repelled with what I had witnessed, I also was fascinated by the action
and the turning of Nick Ford from a straight, miserable cocktease into a
man who was enjoying all the forms of man to man sex, so I agreed to go
back.  I went back to my bed and fell asleep, only wakening when Joe
came up and shook me telling I had best go eat and get to the showers.
Another day had begun, what would it bring?


Nick was brought into the showers, and from somewhere they had found a
narrow table which was placed in the middle of the shower room.  Nick
was made to bend over it so that his head and his ass stuck out over the
edges, and his arms and legs were tied to the legs of the table, it was
narrow enough, so they could reach under and play with his tits.  He was
now ready for any defilement's the men wanted to inflict on him.  The
men this time split into two groups, one at his head, the other at his
ass, he was going to get it from both ends simultaneously and he tried
to prepare himself for what was to happen.

The first man in front of him shoved his cock into his mouth and down
his throat making him begin to gag, but his time the men would really be
able to use all their ability to get into his throat.  The first man
moved his cock back into his throat just as the one in back was shoving
his cock up Nick' ass.  Nick was brought back to the pleasure pain state
once again, as the man at his throat shot his load straight down into
his stomach.  His ass took over twenty cocks and he found himself after
the first few that he was pushing his ass back to get as much of the
cock in his ass as he could.  The men in front poured load after load of
hot cum into his stomach and he was beginning to love every minute of it.

It was time for lunch so they left Nick tied up to contemplate why he
was there and for his mind to race back and forth over what may yet
happen to him when the men returned refreshed and full of vigor.

The men from the morning session took up where they had left off and
started to give Nick another hard fuck lesson in respect at both ends.
They fucked in and out of his ass as if it were the only ass to fuck on
earth, leaving him whimpering and moaning as cock after cock was sunk
into him at both ends and those fucking him reached under and pulled and
twisted his tits. The men used his loose and well-fucked ass and very
relaxed throat.  Everyone wanted a piece of him.  The floor at either
end had cum which had dripped from his mouth and ass.  His ass was so
full of man cum that each time one pulled out the juices followed the
cock out, I believe that some of them had even pissed up his ass from
the color of the liquid flowing down his thighs.  The first thrust of
each new man soaked his cock with the cum already in the ass as he began
his fuck of the toy.

Men came and went during the afternoon, so they could have different
turns at Nick.  He was beyond being simply fucked; he was becoming a
shuddering mass of flesh taking everything that was thrown at him.  It
did not matter if it was his mouth or ass, both had been fucked raw, his
face was caked with cum as he welcomed more and more to try and fill him
up.  It was hard for him to swallow as he had taken so many loads of cum
and piss.  Man after man tried again and again to shoot more of their
hot sticky cum down his throat as he whimpered for more.

His ass had been fucked and fucked until each man who walked away from
him had what looked like cream on his cock and balls from the cum
seeping out of Nick's ass.  Once again the lines wanting in on Nick's
ass and mouth were getting longer and longer, each and every man seemed
to give it to him harder and faster than the man before to accommodate
all the men waiting. Nick's body was a mass of steady undulations as he
was pounded from both ends and his nipples twisted, pulled and tortured
by the men fucking him.  Nick was taking it like a pro as more and more
men came in stuffed their cocks in his willing holes, and he took every
drop of their hot and sticky cum.  He wanted more and more, he had
clearly been turned and there was never a clearer case of an arrogant,
egotistical bastard being turned into a very willing and demanding man
who wanted cocks in his mouth and ass.

Nick was eagerly begging from more and getting it, as he had now become
an insatiable monster for mansex, and all were more than willing to give
him what he wanted.  He took on all as they came and filled his ass with
more loads of cum and drank all they could pour into his mouth.  He had
taken all the men at least twice and some even more he was wiped out by sex.

Kestitus told the men they had one more hour with Nick then it was over
that he would be taken to his new home and that he, Kestitus, would see
that he was taken care of and that he would learn to adapt, enjoy and be
content with his new life, that if any wanted to use Nick it would have
to be cleared with him first.

The men finally finished with Nick, and showered and left.  Nick was
untied from the table and helped to the showerheads to be gently washed
and cleansed by Kestitus, Tony and Stasser.  I was impressed with the
gentle way they handled the abused man and tried to make things easier
for him.  Kestitus and Tony helped him to his bed as Strasser left to
get some medicine from the dispensary to help him.  Nick had only a few
bruises showing, but his balls were still swollen and an angry red, his
nipples were puffy and red, and his asslips were wide open.  Strasser
assured me that Nick would be ready for work on Monday after a good
nights rest and all day Sunday to recuperate, that he had some ointments
which should help and all would be well.  I told him I hoped so for if
this got out there could be hell to pay for all of us.  I was assured
that none of the men would say anything and since the officers were
disinterested parties the only one who could say anything was Nick and
if he did it would turn out even worse for him.  With this reassurance I
got my shower materials and took a long hot shower to try and wash what
I had witnessed from my mind.  I hoped that what had happened would
break the tension, which was threatening to tear the compound apart, and
now we would return to what was a so-called normal life for us.

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Mon, 23 Feb 2004 10:03:52 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 17

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 17

After breakfast, I changed into some workout clothes, picked up the
package of dildoes, took a uniform with me and walked up the slope to
the general's headquarters and the gym.

Letting myself in the gym I began to work out and as the workout and the
heat began to get to me, shed clothes until I was just in a sweatsoaked
jockstrap.  I was beginning to get back into shape, but with the heat
and humidity found I could not work out as long as I could in better
weather, so I soon found myself taking a nice cold shower and washing
the sweat from my body.  I was happy that I kept my body shaved as at
least the sweat just rolled down and did not become stay in any hair.
After showering I dressed in my uniform, grabbed the package of dildoes
and went to return them to the general.

As I walked down the hall to the staircase leading to his office, I
noticed that most of the Koreans were also in a rather modified uniform
to help deal with the weather, but was rather shocked when I got to the
generals office and Captain Chang greeted me wearing just a loincloth
which really was just a strip of cloth which covered his cock and balls
and ran up the crack of his ass and wound around him just a bit above
the genital area.  I had seen this on others and never did quite figure
how they put it on, but it did seem to work.
He informed me that the general had told him unless they had important
guests that was his uniform of the day during the hot season, as the
tattoo's showed him to be the generals aide, he told that Col. Choi was
wearing the same uniform.  He knocked on the general's door and
announced me.

I returned the dildoes to the general, thanking him for the loan of
them, he was dressed in a yukata and seemed to be unaffected by the
heat.  He told me he had just received some disturbing news about the
supposed traitor he was holding, and that it did indeed seem he had
given his father information which had been passed on to the North
Koreans during the war.  He needed to verify it and was going down to
see the prisoner and asked if I would join him.  What can you say, but
yes.  He took off the yakata and slipped on a pair of trousers and a
shirt and we went down to the holding area.

The prisoner had been taken out for his morning run and had done his
exercises.  They were doing all they could to maintain his physical
condition at its best.  He had been fed and they were just
spread-eagling him, by stretching his arms and attaching them to chains
from the ceiling and then spreading his legs as far apart as possible
and fastening them to rings in the floor, they had put about a two inch
ball stretcher on his balls and they were forced down in the sack.

The general walked up to him and with one fist slammed it as hard as
possible as he could into the exposed balls of the prisoner and asked
him about the information he supposedly gave his father to pass on.  The
prisoner refused to answer so the general whispered to one of the men in
the room and in a few minutes he returned wheeling a cart, the general
looked at the cart, removed two wicked looking alligator clips and
clipped them on the tits of the prisoner, attaching at least one pound
weights to each clip, the prisoner moaned and spat some Korean words I
did not understand, but could get the meaning by the tone and facial
features that he was calling the general some choice names.  The general
just smiled and had them wheel a narrow table over between the hanging
mans legs.  Taking portable vise from the things brought into the room
he moved over and opening the vise placed the mans balls between the
jaws of the vise and began to tighten up the vise, the mans balls
flattened out between the jaws of the vise and t began to scream, the
general figured he did not want to ruin the balls so he stopped the
tightening and let the vise hang from the balls, but the narrow table
helped to support one end of the vice so that really the whole thing was
not just hanging from the balls, but it still must have been extremely
painful because as the general began to put fishhooks into the foreskin
of the man he passed out.  The general put two fishhooks into the
foreskin and attaching them to a line which went up through a pulley
hanging from the ceiling and was weighted which stretched the mans cock
up, and even if he got hard the weights would still pull and stretch his
cock.  While the man was still passed out the general took a huge butt
plug and shoved it up his ass, seating it firmly. The general gave
orders he was to be brought around and each time he passed out that he
was to be brought around again, also that in an hour another pound
weight was to be added to each nipple clamp.  The man was to be asked
each time he came to, what, how and why he gave his father information
to pass on to the enemy.  He told the men he would return after lunch to
determine what to do next.  I felt sick seeing what was being done to
the poor prisoner and wondered if I would ever understand the workings
of minds that seemed to have no compunction about the use of torture on
their fellow men.

I returned to the gym changed into the workout clothes, and walked back
to the compound, my mind in a whirl and trying to understand what was
really going on.
What had we done in introducing Col. Crane to man sex, had we created
something, or was it always there just waiting for the right time to
come out?  In our all-male environment were we returning the primeval
stage which still retaining some of the trappings of civilization?  What
would happen to us when we returned to the world from which we came?  We
were living in an isolated place, time and space; it could only be hoped
we all would become better people because of it.  Too many questions and
no real answers, life goes on, we adjust, we do, we enjoy, and we feel
pain and loss as well.  I supposed the best thing to do was just go with
the flow and let the future take care of itself and let the past be the
past.  Ha, easier said than done.

I got back and put my uniform in the closet, it could be worn at least
one more time, stripped off my clothes and wiped my body down with the
tee shirt, then put on a cotton flight suit, and went over to have
coffee.   Then back to work, or to sweat it out in the hot box of a
Quonset hut.  The sweat rolled off my body and settled in the groin, I
was more than happy that my body was shaved as some of the sweat rolled
on down my legs, I unzipped the flight suit, and tied the arms loosely
around my waist, so I could hurriedly pull it on if anyone came to the
office.

God, I was tired of the heat and the humidity, would like either to have
a real monsoon season where you do get some winds, and not just warm
rain, or maybe even a typhoon to clear the air.  I  was tired of waking
up on soaked sheets, tired of seeing so many people naked all the time.
Even though 99% of them had good looking bodies, but to be sitting down
and have someone come over to talk and stand with their cock right at
mouth level was a bit much.  What man to man sex going on was not done
in public unless it happened in the showers.  So was disconcerting, and
even more so when one or both suddenly realized that one or both were
sporting steel hardens.  You just rather ignored the cock either
sticking straight out or up against the visitor's lower stomach and
acted as if everything was normal.  When  you knew that nothing was normal.

I had been here almost four full months and my life, outlook and some of
my beliefs had taken a radical change, what else could happen?  Going
with the flow would probably have to suffice.

The week started out the same as so many other's, but at dinner Col.
Crane informed us that he and all the other's except for Brock, who was
still in a cast, and would be charge of the compound.  Padgett as he was
needed to run the orderly room, and myself who was to look out for the
supplies and materials not only on the compound but the Korean base
also, would be going to a conference with the leaders of the Korean Air
Force and the main cabinet ministers.  They would leave on Wednesday and
be back the following Tuesday.

Brock, Padgett and myself were to meet with Col. Crane at 1000 in the
morning for instructions on the various things we would need either to
know or be aware of.

When I had changed from my uniform, which I wore to dinner, I sought out
Alex, and even though it was hot, muggy and rather stifling we went down
to the darkroom and stripping began to make love.  I reached out and
pulled him to me as he took my lower jaw in his hand and pulling my face
to his kissed me long and deep, I could feel his tongue exploring my
mouth, finally I was able to force my tongue into his mouth and the two
tongues dueled in trying for supremacy.

Breaking the kiss, I leaned down and took his right nipple in my mouth,
I laved, kissed and sucked on it until I could tell it was erect, and
then moved to do the same to the left nipple.  When both were erect,
Alex pushed me away and began to lick my armpits and then moved down to
drill his tongue in my navel.  He used his tongue to lick the sweat from
my body as he moved upwards to my nipples and taking them in his hands,
twisted and stretched them as he kissed and sucked on my neck.  Our
bodies were becoming slick from the sweat and we were sliding over each
other.

Alex, spun me around and the next thing I knew he was spreading my legs
and licking my ass crack, paying particular attention to the hole, he
stiffened his tongue and dove it into the asshole and then kissed and
sucked me until my opening was giving way and beginning to take on a
life of its own.  Pushing me down so that my body was leaning against
the counter he shoved his cock into me, I had a twinge of pain, but
knowing that tonight and tomorrow may be the last times I could have him
for a week, I was content just to feel him moving around in my anal
channel.   He alternated between short and long strokes, between slow
and fast and was doing his best to hit my prostate everytime.
He soon had me ready to climb walls, but grabbed my balls and squeezing
them while pulling them down caused my cock to go soft.  He continued
his assault on me as he sucked and kissed my neck and bit my shoulder.
There was no way that someone would not know what had gone on if they
were interested, I had hickeys and lovebites on my neck and upper back,
but I did not care, Alex put them there.

He pumped in and out of me and then pulling out of me, pulled me away
from the counter and he leaned over it using his hands to spread his
ass.  I knelt on the floor and lovingly lick and kissed his asscrack and
hole before inserting my hard cock up his ass.
I wanted this to last so was taking slow strokes, but he kept pushing
his ass back and saying "harder, fuck me and do it hard and fast", I
still moved slow and he reached behind and grabbed my balls and pulled
me forward, saying do it fast or I will use your balls to set up a tempo
as a squeeze them for you.  That was enough for me and I began to pile
drive in and out of his ass.  He loved it and tossed his head crying
"yes, oh yes", I bent down and kissed the back of his neck and nibbled
at each of his ears.  I was about to come and told he so, and said "do
it", so I shoved my cock all the way in and as the spurts began leaned
down and bit hard on his right shoulder.  As my cock shot its load and
began to soften he stood up, pushed me away and cleaned my cock.  Then
pushing me back to the counter he proceeded to fuck me until he came.
We were one slick sweaty mess, but knew we could take a shower, for what
little good it did.  We stood and kissed and rubbed our hands over each
other's bodies, feeling each and every crevice and trying to make our
bodies as one.  Our cocks were pressed together and we could feel them
begin to swell, in one accord we slid to the floor and arranged
ourselves so that we were cock to mouth and each began to kiss and suck
the others engorged cock.  He kissed and ran his tongue around my
cockhead, pushing his tongue under my foreskin and then moving on down
the shaft.  I kissed and sucked him and went for his balls, sucking and
licking them.  We writhed and loved each other's cocks until finally we
were able to come together and I was awarded with the sweet tasting
essence of my love.

I pulled on my shorts and he put on his kilt and we got towels etc., and
went to the showers, they were crowded so we hung our stuff up and sat
on the bench waiting for showerheads to open up, there were several
others before us so we chatted, mostly about nothing, and watched the
people come and go.  We noticed that more than one was sporting hickeys
and lovebites, and that some of the cocks looked like ours a little red
and swollen and worse for wear, so we were not the only ones who were
going to be separated.  I thought it would be interesting to know which
of the officers had airmen boytoys, as only the officer's would be gone
and so there was no reason for the airmen who had liaisons to be getting
together now.  I also wondered where they had found the areas to have
their trysts, as we could certainly use some others.

We finally were able to get into the shower and got ourselves cleaned,
and felt much better.  Alex insisted on shaving me as he said it would
be a week until he was back and if I did not find someone to do it I
would regret it.  I did not tell him that several of the airmen would be
glad to shave me as I gave them good head, and if I really liked them
would occasionally allow them to fuck me.  He took his time and really
made sure that there was no stubble and that the shave should last for a
while.  We dried, dressed and taking our stuff went to the club for a
drink.  We sat on the screened porch in hopes of finding a breeze, but
all we got was hot and sweaty, oh well the best laid plans.

Leaving the club about 2100 we went back to go to bed and try to sleep
in the heat, which was mainly tossing and turning and trying to find a
dry spot on the bed.  I finally got up, went over to the supply
building, got another set of sheets and put one on the bottom, then I
took the other and walked down to the shower and held it under the cold
water tap, wrung it out and took it back and put it over me.  It cooled
me down briefly, but soon was bone dry, but not before I had fallen into
a fitful slumber.

The next day was horrible with the hot, humid, sweltering and stifling
heat, plus the fact the sky was an unhealthy color.  At noon the colonel
informed everyone that a major storm was to hit sometime during the
night or in the early morning, therefore; they would have to leave that
afternoon, everyone going was to be on the flight line by 1400 and they
would load and leave.

That night we got a wind and with it the storm, the wind rattled the
buildings and drove the rain into the barracks wherever it could find a
crack to do so, the only saving grace was it cooled things down.  The
wind and rain of the monsoon continued all through Wednesday and as it
was a rather warm rain, we moved around outside naked, taking clothes
with us to the mess hall to put on after drying off, and then wrapping
them back up for the dash back to the barracks, I do not know how the
airmen did, but none ever complained about anything.

Thursday afternoon the monsoon moved out, and the temperature shot up
and it was even worse than before.  Since the colonel was gone and the
weather was so bad Brock and Padgett had issued a dress order that
through dinner on Monday, the only dress requirement would be something
to cover the genital area while eating, other than that anything goes
until Tuesday morning when the colonels requirements would again be in
place.

After dinner on Friday, the weather was still extremely sultry and
oppressive it seemed as if the air was really pressing in on us.  As I
was going over to the club after dinner, Tony caught me and said be sure
and sit on the porch where you can look to the north, things gonna
happen.  I got my drink and then since there were very few in the club
could get a table with a good view through the screen of the lower part
of the compound.  About a half-hour later I noticed a commotion going on
down by the barber shop and then could tell that several of the airman
had Nick Ford and were dragging him to the barber shop.  Oh, Oh it was
going to happen this weekend; the prima donna was going to get his.

Later I could see them dragging him by his arms over to the latrine, and
one was carrying a bucket and a package, after about a half an hour they
came out and by grabbing his balls forced him to run to the shower
room.  I could hear Nick's muffled cries of anger and rage as they
forced him along and to the showers.  Their plan would now work with the
brass being out of the way for the weekend, and knowing that none of the
three of us officers left would interfere unless something happened to
cause physical damage to Ford.  The men with the struggling man were
leading him to the showers and his lessons in respectfulness and in
treating people decent.  All the men had long since shed their clothes
and I could see hard and throbbing cocks on many as they entered into
the showers just beneath where I was sitting.

I waited a few minutes and then made my way down the stairs to the
shower, as I entered I could hear Kestitus telling Nick he would be
milked of all juices and that he was going to be the boytoy for all of
the men in the compound who wanted him and for as many times as they
wanted, whether for revenge or just lust that they had built up for
him.  They told him he would be released sometime Sunday night or Monday
morning.

He had been dragged into the main shower room and decided to shut him up
with a flurry of fists, and feet that soon stopped his grouching.  He
was soon flat on his back on the cold concrete floor surrounded by
everyone in the shower room. There was a barrage of kicks and blows to
his strong body, a couple of large feet stamped down on his crotch and
ground down hard, enjoying the cry of pain from his mouth.  He was
kicked hard, rolling him on his stomach, where he was again beaten.
After about ten minutes he was told to get up on hands and knees,
spreading his legs, and stays there unless he wanted another beating.

When he was on all fours Kestitus and the rest formed a line behind his
spread legs.  Kestitus said that since they did not have a football
field they all missed kicking field goals.  Panic flooded Nick's body as
he realized that the only balls available were those hanging between his
legs, and remembered that field goals were kicked from a running start.
Kestitus was the first and Nick could hear the mans feet stomping across
the floor, and then he saw stars in front of his eyes and his throat let
out a scream of pain as the foot hit his low hanging balls.  His cries
and yelps echoed in the shower room as one after the other each man
kicked his balls as if they were kicking for the super bowl. Kestitus
got bored with the sound of Nick yelling and swung his knee into his
face and then as Nick gasped for breath he rammed his cock into Nick's
mouth and throat.

Seeing this the others cheered and continued to kick for the super
bowl.  Nick was now dripping with sweat and his body shaking as pain ran
through every part and bewildered his mind.  Before the last one had
made his kick for glory his brain was numb and his balls had taken on a
beautiful crimson glow that was now turning into a deep and angry purple.

Kestitus had not really taken advantage of the mount wrapped around his
cock, he had just kept it warm and wet and stopped Nick's yells while
the other's place kicked the balls.  Kestitus pulled his cock out of the
struggling mouth and made Nick get into a kneeling position and get
ready to be really opened up.

Nick's battered and shuddering body wobbled around as he knelt before
Kestitus cock.

Kestitus slapped him hard across the face and then moved behind him so
that he could hold Nick's in position as the men geared up to fuck his
mouth and throat.  His head being held in a vise like grip decided his
fate for him, he had made it clear he would never go down on anyone, but
now he knew he had no choice.  Another set of hands reached out,
grabbing him and forcing his jaw open, and even before the jaw was
locked into place a thick, hard and dripping cock was forced clear to
the back of his mouth.  He gagged and coughed for air and in an effort
to expel the cock.  No such luck, the man was not going to give up and
as Nick coughed again he slammed his hips into his chin.  In that
instant Nick's throat spasmed as the cock ripped into his throat,
stretching it beyond what Nick thought possible.  The man mashed and
really fucked that mouth, getting rid of all the frustration that Nick
had given him with his teasing ways, and now it was his turn to learn
that you did not play with your fellow airmen unless you planned on
finishing what you started.

The guy fucked like a wild beast at Nick's face mashing his balls until
they ached from hitting Nick's chin.  Nick was almost passing our when
with a loud groan and ferocious thrust of his hips the guy filled Nick
with a hot and sticky load that clung and warmed Nick's throat as it
made its way to his stomach.  Even before the last ropy strands left the
guys cock another was being forced into Nick's mouth. This new one had a
thicker cock than the first and as he attacked the mouth before him he
poured out a stream of abuse making Nick's downfall even more
prominent.  He pounded away at the throat spreading it wider as he
forced every inch of himself in, until Nick had it all down to the base
where the pubic hairs itched Nick's nose.  After he was done it became
another line, but instead of kicking field goals it was sinking the punt
and forcing Nick to accept more and more.

After nearly two hours Nick had been forced to stretch and open up his
throat for an ever increasing display of cocks which seemed to get
bigger with each one entering his mouth.

Next in line were his barrack mates and as they stepped up to him they
all had that depraved look of glee that meant they were really going to
work him over.  Some of these men had longer and thicker cocks than
those he had already taken, and he struggled to get away, but knew it
was useless as they could tear him to pieces.  The first one just stood
there until Nick looked up and they locked eyes, Nick's were pleading
but the man ripped every inch of his cock into Nick.  Nick's eyes nearly
popped out when he saw the mans crotch come crashing into his face, but
there was no way out.  The man fucked the mouth for ages until as all
before he let out a roar and flooded Nick's mouth and throat with hot
sticky sperm.  He had taken so many loads that it seemed they just slid
down his throat in to his now full stomach.

The men all fucked their loads into Nick's mouth and throat and as the
last one shot his thick creamy load it was obvious that Nick's stomach
was clearly swelling from the ample loads he had been forced to take
from all the men.  The only ones left were the ones from Kestitus
barracks and Tony, they attacked Nick with even more anger and glee for
the way he had treated Kestitus.  Each one sent load after hot load into
Nick's stomach.  The only ones left were Kestitus and Tony.  Kestitus
just walked up to the dripping mouth and yanked Nick's head into his
crotch sending all of his monster cock into Nick with one brutal
thrust.  Gasping as he realized that Nick's lips were locked in place
around the base of his cock, he held still until Nick's face was beet
red from the lack of air, then backing off only to resink every inch
back down that throat again.  He did this for endless time until Nick
was limp and then he shot his hot sperm into Nick's throat.  Then Tony
did the same, and when he finally came he kicked Nick over causing him
to fall flat on his back, which made his overly full stomach ripple and
make gurgling noises from the loads it was holding from nearly fifty
men.  Nick had been beaten and had sucked off everyman in the shower
room but with a sinking feeling he seemed to sense that there was a lot
more in store for him.

Comments? afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Thu, 19 Feb 2004 10:46:22 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 16

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written. He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing. I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 16

Sunday dawned hot, humid and with no sign of a breeze, I felt that I had
made a mistake in saying I would go to church in ChinJu but I had
promised Gene Woltz I would go with them. Our unit had undertaken two
projects one for a Protestant Church in nearby Sunch'on and one to help
repair and refurnish the Catholic school building in ChinJu.
While I was not a Catholic I had been going to services there as had
many Catholic friends and one had given me a missal when I came to
Korea, since the service was in Latin I could follow it, while in the
Protestant churches all was in Korean and so was mostly unintelligible
to me. It had been several weeks since I had been to church and I felt
it would not be a bad idea to go. There were eight of us in two jeeps
and we left about 0900 so we would be there in time for the 1000 mass.
By the time we had gone about 5 miles our uniforms looked as if we had
worn them for a week and then slept in them, we were sad looking people
when we went to church. It was even hotter when we came out and started
back to the compound. By the time we reached the Nam River Bridge on the
outskirts of town we were soaked with perspiration and the humidity.

The lead jeep pulled over to the side of the road and when we came along
side they asked if we thought there would be time to take a swim in the
river and try to cool off. We decided we could and still make it back
for a late lunch. We pulled the jeeps off to a side road and parked
them, then stripped off our sodden clothes and ran to the river, the
water was not as cool as we had hoped, but rather lukewarm, but it did
wash the sweat from our bodies. After playing in the river for a while
we decided we best be getting on back, and climbed up to the jeeps. It
was almost as if all of us had the same idea at the same time, as we all
just climbed in the jeeps without dressing and started off home. We were
probably breaking numerous regulations, but there was no one to see us
and the flagmen we passed in the mountain pass were too far up to see
that we were naked in the jeeps.
It was still hot and humid, but the sweat on our bodies was partially
dried by the movement of the jeep and we did not have clothes to get wet
and stick to us, so other than having a little dust mixed with the sweat
we did pretty good. As we came around the bend where we could see the
village and the base we stopped and struggled into our clothes returning
looking much more bedraggled than when we left. Almost by instinct we
all went to areas, stripped and made for the showers. The water was not
heated until 1600, but the cold water felt good to us and it got rid of
the dirty sweat on our bodies, then we dressed and went to lunch. The
water for the showers was hauled in by truck and put in large holding
tanks with gas fired burners under them, most were for hot water, but
several were left for cold, which was still warm in all the heat.

I told Gene if he saw Tony Michaels to tell him I would like to see him
in the library about 1400. So after lunch I went back and changed into a
tee shirt and a pair of shorts and went to the library to await Tony.
When he appeared I told him I had been thinking about what he had told
me and that it would probably be a good idea to warn Kestitus that
anything they did with Nick Ford they should make sure that he was not
physically harmed where it would require a trip to the hospital. I was
particularly worried about him, if he was fucked and had not been fucked
before, if the first fuckings were not partially gentle there could be
damage to the anal area and the last thing we wanted was someone asking
questions about what happened and why. I suggested he talk to Kestitus
and they both go see Doc in the dispensary and explain the problem to
him. I knew that
Sgt. Strasser would give them good advice and help them with lubricants,
I also suggested that they talk to Strasser about getting an enema kit
and giving Ford a good cleaning before they began to fuck him. He
thought this was a good idea as they were already going to make
arrangements with the Korean barber to shave all of Ford's hair below
the neck, and were thinking of having him also give Ford a buzz cut to
cut off his wavy hair. I once again asked if he knew when this was going
to take place and all he could say was that that tension was building,
and soon would be thick enough to cut with a knife.

We had been sitting side by side on the couch in the library while we
talked and Tony had been busy with his hands, moving down to the hem of
my tee shirt and bringing it up and over my head and off my arms,
leaving my upper body bare, he had come to the meeting wearing only a
pair of very worn shorts, so we soon were about dressed the same. His
hand wandered over and cupped my cock and nuts and I lifted it up and
put it back on his leg, so he moved it around my shoulders and the next
thing I knew he was pulling me toward him and our mouths were mashed
together. He nibbled and bit at my lips and then pushed his tongue into
my mouth. We swapped spit and dueled with our tongues, his one hand
roamed over my back and the other again found my crotch, this time I
found my hands roaming over his body, pinching and pulling his nipples
and sliding down the back of his shorts to reach the crack of his ass. I
had decided that if this is how he wanted to play, fine, but this time I
was the one who was going to do the fucking. I brought my hands to the
sides of his shorts and pushed them down his legs and he shook them so
they fell to the floor and he kicked them away. I broke our kiss and
immediately swallowed his cock to the pubes, while pulling down on his
low hanging nuts, my hands were busy on his ass, and one finger found
his opening and slid in, to be followed by a second and then a third. He
did not seem to be in any discomfort and I began to massage his
prostate. His cock grew in my mouth and I could tell by the action of
his nuts that he was about to come. I bit the head of his cock and
pulled his nuts down as far as I could and gave them a good healthy
squeeze. His cock deflated and he moaned at me to continue. I shed my
shorts and lifting his legs rimmed his ass and got the hole good and wet
as well as getting it pulsing. I shoved my cock into him with one deep
thrust and he moaned and thrashed his head from side to side as I began
a series of long and short thrusts up his anal canal. He was half
sitting, half lying on the couch and I was standing so that I had his
legs spread wide and could really work my cock in and out of him. I
wanted this to last so slowed down, bent down and took his cock in my
mouth, he was already hard and this caused his cock to turn into a steel
rod in my mouth, I grabbed his nuts and pulled them down, then holding
them down with one hand used the other to work on his tits. He finally
was moaning "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me harder, just fuck me", so being a
gentleman I complies with his wishes and used all the tricks I had
learned and had used on me by the various people. It did me good to see
that I could have someone under my control this way, as people had used
me for so long, but it now looked like the tide might turn and I would
at least have more of say about what went on.

I decided that Tony should cum first, so that the anal contractions
would help set me off, so I redoubled my sucking efforts and also began
to jack him off, it was a bit difficult to maintain his cock in my
mouth, but since I was limber I could do it. I grasped his nipples with
one hand, first the right then the left until they were hard, erect,
swollen and red, and my tongue swirled around the head of his cock,
finally with a yell he unloaded his jizz in my mouth and as I wanted the
ass contractions helped send me over the edge and I sent a goodly amount
of my seed up into his ass. We slumped down on the couch panting from
our efforts and finally got our shorts on. Since it was still so hot I
decided to leave the tee shirt off. We walked out into the blazing sun,
and the air was so humid, you could almost feel it part as you walked
through it. He said he would go find Kestitus and then see if Strasser
were around and would let me know what happened. He said he was glad I
had thought ahead so that we could avoid any repercussions. He said Ford
deserved what he would get and that he would see that no physical damage
was done that would not clear up within a day or two.

I went back to get my wallet and then went over to the club to have a
cold one, I tucked my tee shirt in the back of my shorts in case I
needed it when I got to the club, but going in the door could see that
apparently no one was wearing a shirt, other than the bartender and his
could barely be called a shirt. Most were wearing shorts, and a good
share of those were their GI shorts, but in this heat no one was
complaining, after all it was the airman's club and we officer's were
there as guests so we could not really say much, plus the colonel had
really relaxed the dress code on the compound until the heat broke.

I got my drink and was sitting at a table on the porch where I hoped in
vain to get a breeze, when I noticed several of the men around one at
the end of bar, from where I sat I could see he was standing and was
bent over a bar stool, which I thought odd. Then with a slight shift in
the people around him I could see that the man in back of him had his
cock up the ass of the man over the stool. The others were shielding the
action and if it had not been for the fact of where I was sitting I too
would have been unaware of it. I watched fascinated that they would do
this in the middle of the day and in the club, pretty soon I could see
the fucker stiffen and he must have shot his load as he stepped back and
then another took his place shoving a thick cock up the open ass in
front of him. This went on until four people had fucked the guy, it was
not someone I was familiar with and I made a mental note to ask the
bartender sometime who it was. After the last fuck he pulled his shorts
back into place and sat down, buying drinks for all those who had just
used him and he had the most beatific look on his face, as if he had
just been give all he wished for.

Alex came in about that time and got a drink and joined me, as he sat
down his kilt dropped over his legs leaving his crotch exposed and his
cock and balls were right in front of me. I could not help myself, I
reached over and fondled them, then dropping my empty glass, bent down
to get it and swiftly gave his growing cock a kiss, as I got my glass I
pulled his kilt over to at least partially cover his growing erection,
and he just smiled at me and winked, saying "We need to get together."
Lordy I had just come with Tony and now Alex was wanting a go around,
but I guess this time I could be the one to take up my ass, as was not
sure if I was up to a second fuck so soon, but maybe if I could stall
for a while I could be the one doing the fucking again.

We had another scotch and then I suggested we go take a shower and see
if we could cool down, we went down to the showers and stripped, went in
and turned the water on cool and just stood there letting it run down
our bodies. Alex stepped behind me and with his hands rubbed the water
down my back and over my ass taking the sweat with it, I returned the
favor and then facing each other we ran our hands over the others body
using the water to cleanse the sweat from our bodies. We again stood and
just let the water run over us cooling and refreshing both of us. We did
not need towels as the weather was so hot we air dried in no time, and
without even dressing, but carrying our clothes we walked over to the
library.

Throwing our clothes on a chair we fell into each other's arms, Alex's
arms went around my neck pulling my face and mouth to meet him in a deep
kiss. My arms ranged up and down his back, and hit and squashed his ass
cheeks. Breaking the kiss I dove for his right nipple and was sucking
and biting on it while I twisted and pinched his left one. He began to
moan and to thrust his pelvis into me. I slid down, kissing and tonguing
his navel before moving down to the junction of his legs, I deliberately
avoided his cock and balls and went for the tender part on the inside of
his upper thighs, licking and sucking on both sides as well as going for
the perineum. I slid my tongue up his ass crack and moistened the slot
as well as paying close attention to the rosebud of his ass opening.
Moving back to his thighs I moistened a finger and shoved it in his ass
opening, he grunted and I immediately moved my mouth to his balls. By
opening my mouth very wide I was able to pull both of his nuts into my
mouth at the same time, and then I could clamp down and chew on the nut
sack above the nuts and below the cock. I swished the nuts back and
forth in my mouth and tongued them, while I reached up and jacked his
cock. By this time Alex was moaning and tossing his head back and forth
and pushing his pelvis up into the air, fucking the air so to speak.

Pulling my mouth from his balls I moved up and planted my mouth on his,
kissing him deeply and moving my tongue back and forth in his mouth, all
the while playing with his tits. He grabbed my neck and pulled me even
closer as we kissed long and hard.

Breaking the kiss I pushed him down on the floor, and kneeling between
his legs lifted them and shoved my cock deep into his ass. He was not
expecting his and yelped in pain and surprise, as I was anything but
gentle with him. Something I had learned from his expert teachings. I
alternated between slow even strokes pulling my cock out to the entrance
of his ass and then gently pushing it back in, on other strokes it was
fast and furious and a couple of times my cock slipped out and would hit
his ass crack before slipping back into his hot love channel.

Each time I felt like I might come, I stopped, pulled out and began to
deep throat Alex's cock, he was throbbing with passion and telling me to
fuck him and then saying suck me, so I once again alternated between the
two pleasurable tasks. Finally my cock was getting a bit tender from its
workout, so I went ahead and finished my fuck, but not before I had
taken his cock in my hand and jacked him off, catching his cum in my
hand so I could lick it up and also to feed some back to him. When his
ass muscles clenched and clamped as his cum spurted out it was enough to
send me over the edge and with a might shove I drove my cock as far into
him as I could and could feel my cum spurt into his ass.

We lay entwined and he gently cleaned my cock with his mouth and tongue,
then we kissed and caressed each other until it became apparent our
cocks were going hard again.
With this we rose dressed and made our way back to the barracks, as hot
and sweating as we had been before our showers, however, it had made for
good loving as the sweat allowed us to slip and slide over each others
bodies giving us each and erotic feeling we had never experienced
before, the is was about the only good thing I could say for the weather.

Many of us waited to eat late, as we wanted to shower before dressing
for dinner. While we could get away with most anything for lunch the
colonel as insistent that everyone was dressed for dinner. Most of us
kept one uniform for dinner, put it on after showering, then taking it
off immediately after eating, this way we could keep in presentable for
about three days. Our summer cotton uniforms were taking a beating at
the laundry and most of us were wearing fatigue pants and tee shirts to
work inside, with the jackets handy in case someone came in, we could
throw it on in a hurry. I had told my men who were working inside the
Quonset huts, that as far as I was concerned when they were in the back
behind the partitions and there was little if any air movement they
could strip to their underwear or go naked as far as I was concerned,
just to be presentable when they were in the front where people could
see them. We were still trying to present a good front, but it was
difficult as the heat, humidity and occasional warm rains just made
things worse. It was getting common to see the men lounging around after
work naked and no one taking any notice of it. Even in our barracks the
other officers from major down were stripping as soon as they could and
would only throw on something if they were going over to the club. Being
so far removed from civilization, in the middle of god knows how many
Korean military and more or less confined into our own little compound
we turned into a world of our own. One which I am sure none of us ever
thought we would inhabit.

At dinner I sat across from Col. Crane and we chatted about what else
the weather. We all were having a time coping with it and he could tell
tension was running high with the men, but was at a loss as to what to
do. We were too far away from the other bases for them to be of any real
help, and he was just hoping for the best, he was trying to get enough
movies so we could have one at least every other night, and hoped that
would help. I did not want to discourage him, but felt nothing right now
would help. In my mind I was afraid things would go on until the blow up
with Ford, and hopefully things then would calm down a little. Crane
said he had decided to give the dildoes back to me that evening and
requested that Alex and I come to see him at 2000. Wondering why he
wanted both of us, I told him I would tell Alex and we would be there,
just then Alex came in and the arrangements were made.

After eating and as soon as I could I made it back to strip out of my
clothes, and tried to cool off, I grabbed a towel and soap and went down
to the showers, me and a whole slew of others had the same idea. One of
them suggested we turn all the heads on full hot and get a good room
full of steam, then go into the steam and when it dissipated we could
take cool to cold showers and maybe that would help all of us. We all
washed then turned the showers on full hot, working our way out so that
no one was caught by the hot water. We were all jammed up in the
changing room and were cock to ass, cock to cock and erections were
popping up all over. I felt a cock at my ass door and wiggled my ass
back so that the cock slipped in my crack, by moving around we were able
to get the head of it in my asshole and then he grabbed my around the
waist and pulled me back on his cock. It was a big one and was painful
for me, also the man was very hairy as I could feel the hair on his
chest, stomach, pubes and legs against me, and could see the hair on the
arms around me. I twisted my head and gulped in surprise when I saw that
it was Kestitius Landsbergis, I could remember seeing his cock and knew
I was in for a deep fucking by a thick and long cock. He was
surprisingly gentle with me and just slowly moved his hips moving his
cock in and out, and then either pushing or pulling on me to maintain
the same movement. After a few minutes the fuck became a pleasure and he
had me moaning, he turned my head so he could kiss me, as he did not
want the moans to be heard. I thought this odd, he did not want moans
heard, but did not mind those jammed in with us seeing him kiss me and
play with my nipples. I had no doubt that the men knew exactly what was
going on. Just as I felt his cock swell and get even bigger in me as he
blew his cum up my ass they decided the steam was ready, the men moved
into the steamy depths of the room, leaving us there as he finished his
fuck of me. Turning me around, he informed me had been wanting to do
that ever since he first saw me naked.
I could feel myself blushing as I grabbed his cock and pulled him into
the steam. We could see bodies in different positions in the steam, but
could not really make out what was happening, as the steam began to lift
I could see that many of the men had taken advantage of it to either
suck or fuck a buddy and that many of them were finishing up as the last
of the steam floated out. We turned the showerheads on cold, but it was
tepid from sitting in the sun all day and we all rinsed off, once again
people pairing up to wipe water and sweat off of a friends back,
Kestitus did me and I jumped when he jammed two fingers up my ass, he
just laughed and pulling them out sucked on them as he turned around for
me to wipe his back. It was hairy and the hair felt like silk as I wiped
him down, I could not resist after what he did and pushed two fingers up
his ass, he wiggled back so I shoved two more in, and all that was out
was my thumb, he wiggled some more and I shoved my whole hand into his
ass. This was a new experience for me, and I was amazed at how soft and
velvet like the ass lining was, and how he easily took my hand into him.
I pulled it out and he grabbed it and licked it winking at me. I latter
found out he had been used by the Nazi's when they occupied Lithuania,
and was glad to get out when the Russians came, but he also knew that he
would always prefer men to women and with the way the Nazi men had used
him he could take about anything. This coming from a man who was only a
few years older than I was, since he left Lithuania in 1944, it meant he
was used by the Nazi's from the time he was about thirteen until he was
sixteen, which is too young to have to learn all about man sex and the
torture they used on him to gain his acceptance of what they wanted to
do to him. He told me his father was also a very good-looking man and he
also had been forced to prostitute himself to the Nazi SS for the sake
of the rest of the family. The war destroyed much more than I thought
possible when I heard of how the Nazi SS used the civilian population of
occupied countries to satisfy their sexual needs.

We left the shower area, and dried off and walked up the steps to the
main part of the compound where we parted ways, I went on to my area and
stretched out for a nap.
The next thing I knew Alex was shaking me, and telling me it was time to
see Col. Crane. I got up threw on some shorts, as Alex had his kilt on
and we walked out and around to the colonels door. He had us come in and
said he had a request of us, he wanted to try something. He asked us to
strip and lie on the floor so that our cock were next to each other, he
did some arranging with our legs and got our cocks so they were
together, then he leaned down and began to suck them until he got them
hard, he stripped off his pants and told us to hold our cocks together,
then standing over us he began to lower his ass down onto our cocks. He
reached under and taking our cocks in one hand guided them to his
asshole. He hesitated a moment and then pushed down hard on our cocks,
his ass muscles did not want to give way and the pressure on our cock
heads was fierce, he raised up and slammed his ass down and the
sphincter gave way allowing our cock heads to slip in, he sighed and
then bending his legs brought his ass cheeks all the way down on our
cocks. Using his legs he pumped up and down on our cocks and twisted
from side to side, our cocks were getting a workout, and he was taking
his time about it. He went all the way down and rested, telling us he
had used the dildoes until he could get the two larger ones in his ass
at once and had placed them there after dinner leaving them there until
just before we came over, so his ass muscles would be stretched out for
a double fucking. For a man who was new to man to man sex he had taken
to double fucking like a duck to water, he really enjoyed it. I could
not understand why, as when I had been double fucked it had really
stretched my ass lining and made me quite uncomfortable, not only then
but the next day also, but each man to his own taste, and he really
seemed to be enjoying the fucking he was giving himself on our cocks.
After what seemed a long time I could feel Alex's cock swell next to
mine and could feel his cum lubricating my cock, I had already cum
several times that day, so was taking me longer than usual, but finally
I could feel my balls tighten and as the colonel came down I pushed my
hips up so that I would be deeply imbedded in him when I came. All doing
this the colonel had maintained a steel hard erection and showed no
signs of Cummins. When our cocks had soften and slipped out of his ass,
he rose and told Alex he would like to fuck him. Alex raised his legs
and the colonel moved in to rim Alex's asshole and when he had it
slicked up he drove his cock into Alex very slowly, when it was in all
the way he began the motions of slowly bringing it in and out and then
speeded up, he must have been hitting Alex's prostate and Alex's cock
rose to full staff again, and began to leak ProComm. The colonel speeded
up his actions and then with a mighty shove went all the way into Alex
and stayed as his cock spewed out its load into Alex's ass. As the
colonel's cock subsided and slid out of Alex the colonel dropped his
head to Alex's cock and proceeded to suck him off.

We all lay exhausted and panting on the floor and as we regained our
senses we kissed and fondled each other. Finally noticing that it was
after 2300, Alex and I left, the colonel gave me the dildoes to return
to General Park, and I told him I would be going up the hill right after
breakfast, while it was still cool, wanted to work out for a while in
the gym and would be back by 1000. The colonel gave me his blessing,
Alex and I carried our clothes back as the barracks was dark, I went in
my door and feel on the bed, and in a few minutes could hear the door
Alex used close and the next thing I knew the houseboy was waking me up
with the water for my morning shave and teeth brushing. It had been so
hot I had slept on top of the sheets and awoke with a raging hard on, I
felt a little bad about until the houseboy pointed to those he had yet
to wake up and I saw that most were in the same way. We had a roomful of
waving hard cocks as the workweek began

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2004 13:24:21 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memoires 15

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't 
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If 
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not 
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy, 
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound 
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between 
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with 
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation 
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology 
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this 
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and 
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt 
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose 
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and 
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 15

Got up Sunday morning, with sore nipples and balls, had been sometime 
since I had been worked over and I felt it, even though it had been a 
light scene.  Decided I needed to go up and use some of the equipment at 
the gym, so after lunch changed into workout clothes.  Since I did not 
expect anyone to be there on a Sunday afternoon, I asked Tony if he 
would go up with me, as Alex as off flying.  Tony changed and we jogged 
to the gym.

I was surprised to find Song-San there, and told him I had come to use 
some of the work out equipment as I was getting a bit out of shape after 
over three weeks of inactivity.  I asked why he was there and he 
informed me he was taking care of the three from the exhibition the 
night before, we quietly went down a hall, he opened one done and I 
could see the muscular pin cushion from the night before lying on a 
bed.  They had removed the needles, but had run copper wires where the 
horizontal needles on the nipples had been and then twisted the wire, 
giving each nipple its own wire.  A wire had been run through the base 
of the scrotum, but the other needles had been removed without any 
refinements added.  I noticed that the man had a catheter in his penis, 
and Song-Sam said it was so the piss would not irritate the small holes 
and they would heal up with little indication of what had happened.  He 
did not know what if any damage had been done to the testicles when he 
needles were put in and removed, but imagined there might have been some 
damage and they were watching to see if any great swelling occurred, and 
if so, would get a doctor.  I was curious and asked what the young man 
had done to deserve such treatment.

Song-San indicated that the mans father had been caught doing 
treasonable acts against the government, and while they had no concrete 
evidence against the young man, there was strong circumstantial evidence 
that he had supplied his father with information, as he held a sensitive 
position in the military.  Whether he knew what his father was doing 
made no difference, and he had been turned over to the general and his 
friends to use and torture until they could determine the truth.  The 
young man maintained he had not been treasonable, but in this case he 
was judged guilty by association, as the main culprit was his father.  
He would be kept here and when his current wounds healed would then be 
subjected to new and maybe more painful methods.  However, it had been 
determined that they did not want to physically damage him, as he had 
such a good body, but would use and abuse him, and then let him heal, 
making sure nothing was done to insure permanent scaring.

Closing the door we went down the hall and there Col. Choi and Capt. 
Chang were resting.  It seemed after I had left and they had sucked and 
rimmed others for a long while that the colonel was released from his 
bounds turned around and once again with his balls bound between the 
sticks and down through the hole in the bench, he and the captain were 
made to stand, and of course the bench was pulled up by their balls, 
then they were flogged as they were made to run around the hall.  When 
they stopped from the pain of carrying the bench by their balls, they 
were released, tied to a bench and then fucked by most of the men 
attending the exhibition.  Finally so that everyone would always know 
they were the general's aides he had a tattoo artist come in and tattoo 
the aiguillette on their left shoulder and the aide's insignia tattooed 
above the left nipple, thus marking them as his personal aides.  Their 
balls were swollen, their cockheads red and angry looking from where the 
clothespins had been, and the marks from the floggings were still 
evident on their bodies. Song-San had given all three sleeping potions 
and hoped they would all feel somewhat better when they awoke.  The only 
ones he worried about were the two aides as the general expected them to 
be at work in the morning, he thought they would be but he was going to 
give them some pain pills to take with them in case they needed them and 
ask the general to let them have a couple of days rest from any of the 
devices he usually used on them.  The exhibition had gone over great 
with the guests, but had been hard on the participants, and I was once 
again glad that I had only been a very minor player.  I still hoped 
there was someway I could get back at the general.

Returning to the gym Tony and I put in a good hour working out, and I 
found some muscles that had not been used for sometime letting me know 
about it.  We went into the steam room which helped to soothe my sore 
muscles and within a few minutes Tony had moved over next to me and was 
running his hands up and down the inside of my upper thighs, and then 
bending down took my left nipple into his mouth and began licking and 
sucking.  Of course all of this send a direct message to my cock which 
rose up and demanded attention.  Taking one hand he rubbed the top of my 
cock and using a finger worked it around the piss slit and into it a 
bit, and as the precum started to flow he massaged it into the head of 
my cock.  He soon had me moaning and lowering his head he gulped my cock 
down as one hand cupped my balls and the other began going up and down 
my ass crack centering on the hole.  It did not take long until I was 
spurting my cum into his mouth, after licking me clean, he lay me on the 
bench lifted my legs and in one great push placed his cock all the way 
to his balls in my ass.  I winced as the head passed my sphincter but 
then it was all pleasure, he shot and long stroked me and soon my own 
cock was rampant again.  He took his time and fucked me until I was 
tossing my head and moaning for him to come in my ass.  Finally with a 
tremendous shove which buried his cock and I would swear part of his 
balls in me, I could feel his cock pulse as his cum poured into me, as 
he was cumming my own cock jerked and gave out a second load of cum 
spattering over our chests.  Tony collapsed on me and my cum glued us 
together, we lay there regaining our breath and finally rose, showered, 
dressed and went back to the compound, and I was feeling most relaxed 
and in good spirits.

On the way back I asked Tony about someone I had seen at the beach, but 
not around the compound.  It was a very handsome, muscular blond with 
piercing ice blue eyes, about six feet and 180 pounds.  Tony said: "Oh, 
that was Nick Ford.  He came while you were in the hospital and has been 
making waves ever since."  When I further questioned him he said that 
most of the men were lusting for Ford and that he was not helping 
matters any by his actions.  Asking what he meant, he told me Ford would 
stride around the barracks naked and come over and sit down to talk to 
someone and put his arm around them, or pat their leg, and that his cock 
always seemed to be a bit swollen, yet he made no overt moves on anyone 
and managed to stall anyone from coming on to him too strongly, but that 
the tension was getting thick; something would give pretty soon, and 
Ford would get his comeuppance, he would let me know if he could when it 
happened.
When I got back to my bunk I removed the bandages on my forehead and 
right cheek, as they were soggy and wet from my workout and the steam 
room.  I dried off the area and put some ointment on my cheek and then 
bandaged it again, making note to go to the dispensary tomorrow and find 
out when I could leave that bandage off.

I had been doing quite a bit of retrospective thinking while I had been 
in the hospital and after coming back to the compound.  One thing I felt 
I had to get worked out was the relationship between Alex, Crane and 
myself.  When I saw them at lunch, I asked if they could meet me in the 
library about 1400 hours.  I knew the library was mainly empty and that 
there were only a few others besides me who ever used it, and never on a 
Sunday afternoon.

When they came in, we sat around a table and I reminded them of what 
they had said when they double fucked me, and that it bound the three of 
us together, and asked if it was true that each of them loved me.  When 
they answered in the affirmative, I told them that I loved Alex deeply 
and had strong feelings for Crane which I thought would turn into love, 
but that in order for us to truly cement our relationship there were two 
things yet to be done.  When questioned I informed them that Col. Crane 
and I needed to double fuck Alex and then Alex and I needed to double 
fuck Col. Crane and that would truly bring us into a true trinity.  They 
looked a little startled and shocked, but after talking things over 
finally agreed I might be right, the only problem was neither had ever 
been double fucked before, I reminded them that I had only been done 
twice that way, and Alex reminded me of the dildoes which Park had used 
on me.  I said I would be willing to ask to borrow some of Park's 
dildoes if they thought that would help make things easier.  Finally 
Alex said he thought he could do it without the dildoes, but considering 
the fact that Crane was still new to this perhaps I should see Park 
tomorrow and get some which he could used to help dilate his asshole.

I also told them that they would have to keep their pits, cocks, nuts, 
perineum and ass cracks shaved, if we were to continue, once again they 
agreed to all I asked.

Once things were settled it was decided we would all meet at the showers 
at 2030, and if they were empty would get the shaving taken care of and 
then go to the Colonels for the double fuck of Alex.

Crane agreed and left the library, Alex stayed and we chatted for a 
while then he left and I wandered around until I found a couple of good 
books to read and then left to take a much needed nap.

2030 found the three of us alone in the showers, so we quickly showered 
and then Alex and I shaved the colonels pits, and genital and ass area, 
plus I removed some of the hair round his nipples making them stand out 
even more.  Then we shaved Alex and the two of them gave me a full body 
shave from the neck down.  We had just rinsed off and were on our way 
out when about ten airmen came in to shower, they looked as though they 
had just finished a volley ball game.  We took our time dressing so we 
could get a good look at the bodies of the young men who were stripping 
and then frolicking in the shower.  I was a little surprised, but not 
much, at the horseplay going on among the men, they were playing grab 
ass and every so often one would miss and grab either the balls or cock 
of the man he was going after, they paid no attention to us and were 
just having a good time.

Getting into the colonels room and removing our clothes our bodies 
showed that the sights in the shower by the men had aroused all of us, 
as we all had very stiff and erect cocks.  I pushed Alex down on the bed 
and lifting his legs began to rim his ass, running my tongue up and down 
his crack and finally going around and around the rosebud before 
centering on it and kissing and tongue fucking his hole.  The colonel 
had begun to work on Alex's nips and between kissing, sucking, pulling 
and twisting had them standing out from his chest.  When we finally had 
him panting and ready I pulled him up, had the colonel lie down and had 
Alex sit on the colonel's cock and lay back on him.

When this was done I lifted up Alex's legs and had a clear shot of his 
asshole where the colonel's cock was imbedded.  I took a couple of 
fingers and stretched his hole and then placed the swollen head of my 
cock at the entrance to his ass.  I had to push really hard and use my 
fingers to get him open enough for my cock to slip past his sphincter 
muscle.

Alex was groaning and moaning and I told him to shut up and take it like 
a man, after all this is what they had done to me.  With a big push my 
cock was all the way in his ass and I could feel it rub against the 
velvet softness of the colonels cock, as well as the walls of Alex's 
ass.  I began the slow in and out movements and raised up telling Alex 
to lift his ass a little so that the colonel could also work his cock in 
and out some.  It was more difficult for the colonel to fuck that for me 
as he was on the bottom and Alex was lying on him, while I had 
completely unrestricted access to the muscular ass we were ravaging.
We must have fucked him for a good hour before I shot my load and then 
we twisted on the bed so the colonel could have more freedom of movement 
and he began fucking Alex in earnest, since my cock was still imbedded 
in the ass the colonels movements brought life back to me and I soon was 
as hard as I had been when we started.  With the colonels cock rubbing 
on mine with his in and out strokes I was pleasantly surprised to find 
that I was shooting a second load into Alex right after the colonel shot 
his load.  The three of us lay exhausted on the bed and eventually the 
two cocks softened and slipped out of Alex's ass.  He reached over and 
in turn kissed each of us, and then moved down to lick each of our cocks 
clean of any cum and ass juices remaining on them.  When he had finished 
this I pushed him back on his back and raising his legs used my tongue 
to clean and polish his ass crack.  He had cum all over his chest while 
we were fucking him and so the colonel and I licked and washed all the 
cum from his chest, stomach and cock area, cleaning him the best we 
could.  He admitted that the double fuck was not something he would want 
on daily basis, but was glad for the experience and thought that the 
colonel, once the initial pain was over would also find it enjoyable.  
He finally did get me to admit that once the pain passed and the 
pleasure took over that a double fuck was fantastic, but I once again 
said that it was not for me.

The next day I went up to see General Park and requested to borrow three 
dildoes from him, one medium, one large and one just a bit larger, he 
agreed but was curious and so I came up with a story that we had to 
discipline and airman, and he bought off on that.

Then to the dispensary and I was finally able to get rid of the bandages 
on my face, was told to keep using the baby oil to keep the skin soft, 
and when it was healed a bit more he would make arrangements for the 
next work to be done,  I thanked him and headed back to get some 
backlogged work out of the way, wanted everything up to date, and took 
me most of the day, thank god for my sergeants, who had done everything 
so well while I was laid up.

That night after dinner, I visited with the colonel and gave him the 
three dildoe's, telling him to start with the smallest and move up to 
the largest, also to be sure and lube the dildoes.   I told him to fuck 
himself for at least an hour each night, it did not all have to be at 
once, but once he inserted a dildoe he was not to take it out until the 
hour of fucking as done.  Also, he was to put the last one he used for 
fucking in his ass when he went to bed and keep it in all night, if it 
slipped out we would find someway to keep it in.
He stripped while I was there and slowly inserted the smallest dildoe in 
his ass, his face showed pain, and I said "Take it like a man" and 
placing my hand over his shoved it all the way in.  He yelled, and I 
told him "Now just lie still and let your body adjust."  When I could 
tell he as adjusting I told him "Now start fucking yourself."  He began 
moving the dildoe in and out of his ass and gradually began to increase 
his speed, I told him to play with his nipples with his other hand, and 
to try to punch the dildoe in and out at different speeds and angles.  
He soon looked as if he was getting into it, so I let myself out and I 
heard him lock his door,  I hoped he had an enjoyable time by himself.

On Friday, the three of us showered and shaved around 2030 again, and 
then moved to the colonel's room.  We all stripped down and pushing the 
colonel down on the bed Alex began to rim him as I sucked and twisted 
his nipples, occasionally moving up to give him a deep kiss.  Alex and I 
changed places several times and when the colonel was moaning and 
tossing his head Alex turned him on his stomach, spread his ass cheeks 
and with one swift shove put his cock into the ass up to the pubes.  The 
colonel's yell was muffled by Alex pressing his head into the pillow.  
Then Alex flipped both of them over so the colonel was lying on Alex, 
and I grabbed the colonel's legs raised them and spread them having him 
hold them up at the knees.  This gave me a clear shot at his ass, I 
picked up the middle dildoe and gradually worked it into the ass along 
side of Alex's cock, then quickly withdrawing it I place my cock next to 
Alex's and shoved it into the colonel's ass.

The feeling of having my cock ride alongside that of my love was one of 
joy.  We slow and fast fucked the colonel and once again we took our 
time in cumming.  After an hour we shot our loads and then since neither 
one of us went soft, began to double fuck that ass again.  This time it 
took even longer and it was close to midnight when we both came for the 
second time.  Our cocks were swollen and sore when they slipped out of 
the colonel's ass, and he complained he would never be able to sit down 
the next day.  Telling him it was a good thing it was a Saturday and he 
could just lounge around the only problem he might have would be going 
to eat.  We had him clean off our cocks and we in turn, tongue washed 
him of his cum which he spewed while we fucked him and then we both 
rimmed him, and he said that really felt good, so I told him, I would 
come back the next day and work on his ass with my tongue to see if I 
could help relieve some of the soreness.  He looked at me and agreed.  
Alex and I dressed and returned to our own beds.

The next morning I knocked on the colonel's door and he opened it a 
crack, seeing who was there he let me in.  He was naked and told me he 
had been lying down, I told him to get on his bed on his hands and knees 
and I would go to work on his ass.  When he presented his ass crack to 
me the hole did not look so red and puffy, and I immediately began to 
lap and suck at the whole, he tried to shove his ass back further into 
my face and acted as if he really wanted me to tongue fuck him.  I 
rimmed him for about 30 minutes and he said he really felt better.  We 
talked for a while and I said I should take the dildoes so I could 
return them to Park on Monday, but he wanted me to leave them and pick 
them up from him Monday morning.  This made me wonder just what he 
intended to do with them until I picked them up.  I saw him at dinner 
and he was not having any trouble sitting then.

That night I went over to the club, and Tony told me that things were 
about to come to a head with Nick Ford, that he had really pissed off 
our Lithuanian airman Kestutis Landsbergis.  Kestutis had left Lithuania 
with his family when the soviets came in 1944, and they immigrated first 
to Canada then the U.S.  Kestutis and his parents took out citizenship 
papers and he enlisted in the Air Force after graduating from High School.
He was magnificent specimen of manhood, he stood over six feet, weighed 
around 200 pounds, had brilliant blue eyes, and coal back hair, which 
was spread liberally over his  body.  He like a lot of Europeans had no 
shame about his body and was often seen nude in the compound.  He had 
one trait we all envied to some degree.  After work and he had showered 
he would go out of the door of the barracks, which faced west and nude 
would lift a bottle of vodka to his lips and drink half of it down.  
Then return the bottle to his footlocker, dress for dinner and if he 
went to the club would only have one or two drinks at the most.  I never 
did see him drunk, nor have I seen anyone else hold their liquor the way 
he did.

However, it seems that Ford had been coming on to Kestitus and then 
backing off and Kestitus had decided that something needed to be done,  
Tony did not know when or how but would try and let me know when the 
denouement would take place.

I stayed and chatted with several of the men there and then made my way 
to bed as was tired from the night before and wanted a goods nights rest 
before we made the trip to ChinJu for church.

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Thu, 12 Feb 2004 10:59:52 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memoires 14

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 14

Sunday was hot and muggy, so was glad to be going to the beach, at least
the breeze from the ocean was acting as a coolant.  The colonel had made
arrangements for a full day at the beach, as lunch would be taken down
and the mess people could join us.  Someone had to remain at the
compound and since Dick still had his arm in a cast, he volunteered and
Joe said he would stay with him, also four of the airmen, finding out
which officers were staying volunteered to stay also, which allowed
everyone else to go.  As we were getting ready to go, I walked over to
Joe and told him to enjoy himself, he replied he would probably have
more fun with Dick and the airmen than I would at the beach, as they
could fuck and suck and that I could not do at the beach.

 As usual everyone was nude and after what Joe had told me I looked at
the men a little differently and could see that with some there seemed
to be a special bond.  One thing I notice was that many of them had
their cock and balls shaved with just a small triangle above the cock
still showing.  Tony wandered by and I called him over to ask about it.
He informed me that they found with the hot muggy weather, it was more
comfortable to shave the area, go without underwear and then the sweat
just rolled on down their legs and did not collect in the groin area.
Made sense to me.  We sat and talked while I watched Alex swim, others
play grab ass and they even had a game of touch football going, with one
team wearing a band around their head to show who was on which side.
Alex came out and joined us and we lay in the sun and just enjoyed the
day, and pretty soon, I felt my cock begin to rise, guess it was the
heat of the day, and I felt embarrassed until I looked at Tony and his
was rampant and leaking.  Sitting up and looking around I saw that many
of the men were sporting full-fledged erections and no one was paying
any attention to them, so just lay back and relaxed.

Colonel Crane wandered over and sat on his heels, giving me a good look
at his shaved cock and balls, they seemed even larger than before and
then his cock began to expand some as we talked.  He had lost some of
his excess weight since joining us and I could tell he had a good
muscular body, which was in pretty good shape.  After some idle chitchat
he asked Alex to walk with him and they strolled down toward the water.
I watched as their hard buttocks moved so enticingly as they walked on
the sand and my cock got even harder.  Tony looked at me and said:
"Follow me" he got up and walked back toward the path leading up the
cliff, turned and we were in a small cave.  He knelt down and took my
cock into his mouth and began to move toward the base until he had me
completely in his mouth and throat, I did not want to pass up this
opportunity, so pressed him down and we got in a 69 position and went to
town on each other's cocks.
I moved my hand to his ass and found the hole and gently massaged it and
stuck first one and then two fingers in, and he began to do the same for
me, we were both moaning which only gave more pleasure to the cocks in
our mouths and then we both exploded at the same time giving each other
a taste of heaven, we gently licked and cleaned each other and then
walked back to where we had been sitting. Alex and the colonel were
still talking and walking among the men, and I noticed that some were
disappearing and then later reappearing and it seemed that their cocks
were a little red when they returned, after what happened with Tony was
not hard to surmise the action when they were out of sight of the others.
We had a good lunch and finally in late afternoon it was time to pack up
and return from a very enjoyable day out.

When we got to the barracks, both Dick and Joe were sound asleep on
their beds, nude and with very limp looking cocks.  Everyone wanted to
hit the showers, so I decided to wait until most of them had showered as
it took up space to get me clean, I was a little surprised when Alex
said the colonel would wait and go down with us.  That maybe we should
wait until after dinner.  The mess people had left the beach a little
before the rest of us so that they could prepare the evening meal, it
was just a simple one but turned out to be very filling and
satisfactory, and I was glad they had been able to get out for most of
the day.  They really did a good job with what they had to work with to
feed us well.
After eating, we returned to our quarters and got ready to go to the
showers, since we had been naked most of the day we just threw a towel
over our shoulder, wore slip-ons and took our ditty bags and off we went.

The shower was empty and as we went in the colonel placed a closed sign
for two hours outside and locked the door from inside.  They had me sit
where we usually left our clothes while they showered first and then
called me in.  I noticed that Alex had his cock and balls shaved, and
looking at him he said: "Well why not?".

They had the buckets of water ready and sloshed me good, then each
taking a wash cloth began to scrub my body, the colonel working on my
back and Alex my front, they washed and cleaned and then their strokes
turned into caressing ones which caused my cock to rise up in
anticipation.  After carefully getting all the soap off of me, Alex said
"now get on all fours", and as I did he shoved his cock up my ass and
the colonel shoved his in my mouth, I was being fucked at both ends and
loved it.

This went on for a while and then as if by agreement they both pulled
out  leaving me empty and wanting more.  Alex lay down on the floor and
told me to sit on his cock facing him, Crane helped me get down and
situated making sure Alex's cock was well embedded in me.  Alex then
said "Crane get your cock over here and inside my man, now!" Before I
knew what was going one I was pinned to Alex face down and to my horror
I felt Crane's cock at the entrance to my ass.  Crane started to ease
into my ass as I screamed in pain as the two big cocks stretched my
hole.  Alex grabbed my face and kissing me said: "You can do it, and we
want you to enjoy it, so will take it slow and easy for you."  Easy for
him to say, it was not him whose ass was being stretched beyond all limits.
"Just relax and open up", Alex said as he again pressed his lips to mine
to muffle any cries I might make.

I could feel the second cock head pass my sphincter, and felt as if I
was filled to capacity.

Crane cried out:  "I can't believe it feels so good with my cock pressed
against yours Alex and the anal walls holding them together, it is so
fucking hot and tight in there."

Alex cried "Oh, man this feels so fucking good,"

At first, I cried out at every raping thrust into my fuck chute, my ass
was on fire with pain and heat and I whimpered as the two cocks slid in
and out of me.  Then the two shoved their cocks to the hilt at the same
time and held still.  I felt their hands gripping me and knew they were
going to start fucking the shit out of me.  And they did, with powerful
deep lunges.  The friction was causing a burning sensation in my ass and
I tossed my head as the two kept fucking the full lengths of their hard
cocks deep inside my ass.
All of a sudden I began to thrust my ass back on the two cocks splitting
my ass, and though there was still some pain, it was turning into
pleasure, and as the double fuck grew my groans changed from pain to joy
of plain old lust.  I began to really enjoy the feeling of having the
two big dicks slide in and out of my hole, my cock was getting very hard
and dripping precum.

I heard myself cry out "Fuck me, fuck that tight ass, ram those cocks
deep into my ass.
"
The two accelerated their thrusts, the constant rubbing of my prostate
was building up a load in my aching balls.  I knew I was going to cum
soon, and started to throw my ass back to suck the two cocks all the way
into me.
"Yes, pump harder, screw that butt, harder, faster, ugh, agh I'm
cumming.  God I'm fucking cumming." I screamed as my head moved from
side to side from all the ecstasy of the double fuck.  Globs and globs
of my white cream squirted from my cock and all over Alex's muscular torso.

My sphincter muscle tightened around the two cocks as I continued to
spatter Alex with my cum, and the added pressure on them had the two men
close to the edge.  In moments they were shouting and their cocks
stopped moving.  I knew they would soon give me their hot loads.

"Ah fuck ....damm.....here it cummmmmmmmmmssssssss...aghhhhhh." Shouted
Crane.
Alex cried out "Oh yeah, I'm fucking cumming too, gonna spray your hot
hole with my love juice, gonna blow a fucking huge load of white cum up
your tight ass ....take it love, take your lovers hot cum....ughhhhhhhhhh."
I could feel the pulsing of the two cocks as they unloaded their man
juice into my well-fucked ass.  Crane laid his body over my back and
embraced from behind as Alex pulled me down for a deep and passionate
kiss.  All three of us were panting and sweating as we lay together,
each of us trying to catch our breath.
I could feel the cocks begin to soften in my ass and soon Crane pulled
his out and stood up, reaching down he began to lift me up from lying on
Alex.  I felt empty after having those two cocks in me and looked at
them questionably.  Alex slowly stood up and taking me in his arms told
me that both of the men loved me and that the only way they could think
of to cement the relationship between all three of us was in the manner
they had just completed.  If they had hurt me they were sorry, but did
not know how to let me know how both of them felt about me.
I looked at Colonel Crane, and he just nodded and leaned over to give me
a deep and soul searching kiss, and I think at that moment I began to
fall in love with him, I never thought I could love more than one
person, but with these two I knew Alex would always come first but that
Lt. Col. Howard Crane would always have a spot reserved for him in my heart.

They sponged me off and had me wait in the dressing area while they
again showered and then we stepped out into the evening air to air dry
with our towels around our necks, the sign was removed from the shower
door and the three of us walked back, Alex on one side Howie on the
other and their arms were across my back Alex who dropping his to run
his fingers up and down my ass crack, Howie dropped his to massage one
cheek and neither seemed to mind if anyone saw us.  I guess they were
putting their claim on me or something.  I was surprised when Alex
brought a finger to my ass hole and tried to push it in, I thought I
must be as open as train tunnel, but he had to push and work his way in
as the hole had tightened up.  He leaned over and said: "I knew you
could do it, or I would never have agreed to it, and that is the last
time it will happen, unless you ask for it." Then he kissed my ear and
we were back at the barracks.
Crane went on to his quarters and we entered the officers bay, most of
them were lying nude on their beds and a couple had what looked like
sunburns, everyone was fairly wiped out and we all went to sleep early
that night.

I had some of the most wonderful and pleasant dreams I have ever had and
hated it when I woke up, especially when I saw that I shot cum all over
my torso in my sleep and even up on my face.  It really took some
washing to get it all off before I could dress.

The week was pretty good, on Wednesday I had a session with Strasser and
he fucked the living daylights out of me before he allowed me to shoot
my load down his mouth.  I was surprised at how tight my sphincter
muscle was when he attempted to enter my ass, as after the double fuck
on Sunday, thought it would be loose forever, but it seemed to be as
tight as ever and he really enjoyed giving my ass a workout.  He decided
to change my bandage as it was beginning to look ratty after the weekend
workout, he was able to remove almost all of the stitches and when he
bandaged me was able to fix it so that my left eye was clear and that my
right eye was only partially covered.  He told me my glasses should be
in the next day, and that if I wanted he could remove the bandages on
Friday for me, except for some topical ones and he would show me how I
could change those so I would now be able to shower.  He said all the
stitches except the ones on my right cheek were gone and I was healing
up fine, but he still would not let me look in the mirror.

I was looking forward to the next day and after the plane brought our
mail checked with Strasser and sure enough my glasses had arrived. He
removed the bandages and after giving me the glasses got a mirror so I
could see myself.  I had red marks running from my eyebrows to my
hairline, which he said had been cuts and were now mainly healed, but
that I might have some slight scarring, but not so it would be
noticeable.  My right cheek was still an angry mess and he gave me the
ointment to put on it and showed me how to bandage it.  Saying if I had
trouble just to come see him.  I told him I had to go to the general's
on Saturday and asked if he could please bandage my forehead until after
I had returned from there.  He agreed to do so after I said I would like
to have him fuck me and then put the bandage on.  He dropped his pants,
pulled my down and in one swift movement shoved his cock all the way up
my ass.  His was the only cock up my ass since the double fuck and now
he had fucked me twice, he remarked on how nice and tight I always
seemed to be and after all I had gone through began to wonder how my
muscles got back in shape so fast, of course I never did find out.

Friday knowing I had to see the general on Saturday decided maybe I had
best use the suction cups on my nipples as had been a while.  They were
pretty puffy and outstanding due to all the workouts they had been
given, but wanted to be on the safe side.  Did not wear a tee shirt and
bloused my outer shirt so that I could wear them most of the morning.
When I took the cups off at noon, the nipples were red and really
swollen and my shirt rubbing against them during the afternoon kept them
at attention.

With the bandage over my forehead I still needed help when I bathed, so
Alex came with me and since we were basically alone, the only other two
in the shower only had eyes for each other and were actually making out
in front of us, so Alex leaned over and kissed me, and the other's
grinned and continued with their love play.  Alex doused me with water
washed me, and seeing my nips paid extra attention to them twisting,
pinching and pulling on them until I was actually panting and my cock
was leaking.  He stopped looked over to see that even though both of the
men were standing it was apparent that one had his cock up the other's
ass.  Alex turned me so my back was to them, knelt, and looking like he
was washing me took my cock into his mouth and I was so horny that it
only took a few minutes until my cum came boiling out into his mouth.
Licking me clean he pulled me up and turning me he mirrored the others
and stuck his cock up my ass and proceeded to fuck me standing up.  This
sent my cock into hardness again and his pounding of my prostate brought
me to a second climax as he shot his seed into me.  I collapsed back
against him and turning my head kissed him murmuring: "Oh, I do love you
so, never let me go."  He giggled and slowly let his softening cock slip
from my ass, saying: "I don't think they would let us go around joined
like this all the time, might give other's ideas."   He turned me and
our mouths met and our tongues clashed as we kissed.

The other two cheered us on and as we left, noticed that the one doing
the fucking had dropped to his knees in front of the other, and we
silently left.
Saturday morning I checked myself in the mirror as I shaved and decided
the cheek and forehead bandage should preclude any rough exhibition of
me by the general.  Put the suction cups back on, checked to make sure I
had no stubble on my cock, balls, perineum and ass crack, dressed in
comfortable civvies until it was time to go up the hill
.
I had just finished changing into my uniform when there was a knock on
the door by my bunk and the young captain said he had come in a jeep to
take me to the party.  He looked strained and I said: "Let's see what he
has you wearing today."  He looked stricken, but guess he thought he
best not disobey so he opened his shirt and I could nipple clamps
connected by a chain and a weight hanging from the center.  He lowered
his trousers and this time he had a ball stretcher, which was made of
metal; shaped like a doughnut and locked in place above his balls which
were pushed downward.  I looked at him and he told me the circle was
really a ten-pound weight and really pressed his balls as well as making
it most uncomfortable to walk. When I asked him why he was being put
through all this he told me his family had done something the general
had disapproved of and had taken him to see that they did not do so
again.  I asked what had happened with Col. Choi and he informed me that
Col. Choi had displeased the general by marrying one of the general's
nieces without asking the general first.  That the general had told
both of them that they would be his aides until he retired and that they
would always do what he demanded or they would go to prison or worse.
Therefore, their lives were in his hands.
I was appalled but could not think of anything I could do.
He dressed and we took the jeep to the general's headquarters.  I had
found out his favorite brand of cigarettes and had a carton to give him
for sending me the scotch, this way the gifts averaged out and neither
of us were beholden to the other.  Such is the oriental way of life.

I was taken to the generals' office where I first saluted, and then in
the oriental way holding my arms down bowed and asked to approach him.
When he agreed I took the carton cigarettes and placed them on his desk,
once again bowing and thanking him for his gift when I was hurt.  A
slight smile came on his face and he bowed his head to me acknowledging
my gift to him.
Then standing and coming around the desk he took my head in his hands
and looked at my face searching for scars and smiling when not seeing
any.  I sensed his question and said that the wound on my cheek would
scar but that they would do surgery to correct it, and that the forehead
would soon be unbandaged and that there should be little if any
scaring.  He smiled and said "Good, I would hate to see you scared up."
He then asked if I would mind stripping and going into the entertainment
naked, that while I would not be a prime performer he still had a place
to use me.  God, when I though I had gotten out of it I found myself
still being used by him in front of others.  Of course there was nothing
I could do but take off my clothes, fold them and leave them with my
shoes and sox in his office, wearing nothing but my dog tags I followed
him to the theater we had used before.

He left me at a side door and went around to be with his guests, in a
few minutes two large men I had not seen before came to get me and I was
led center stage and the general said they would give me several items I
was to put on.  The first was once again a wide cock ring, which I had
to push my balls and cock through, and which pushed my genitals up and
forward.  A ball harness was given me, which I put on, and then several
weights, which I added.  They brought over some alligator clips, which I
attached to my tits, and then some lightweights. So far nothing which
caused any great discomfort, I was led over to a stool with a medium
butt plug sticking up on it and told to sit and enjoy the show.  I
gingerly worked the plug up my ass and finally was able to sit on the
stool with minimum discomfort.

The two men left and came back with Col. Choi and the captain who had
ball stretchers and separators already on.  They were attached to St.
Andrews crosses alligator clips with chains attached to their nipples,
then five-pound weights were hung from the chains.
A sturdy chain was brought out and was attached to chain ball
stretchers, the two were wearing, and it was taut enough that both had
to arch their torsos to ease some of the strain.
Now said the colonel we will see just how much weight you two can take,
I would guess captain that you will cave first but that the colonel will
take it and ask for relief.

The two men began adding weights, when the two bound sets of balls were
supporting twenty-pounds, the captain began to moan while the colonel
remained stoic.  They kept adding weights in small amounts and the
captain began to moan and protest.  "Our balls are going to rip off,
stop it."  The general walked up on the stage and said "You miserable
excuse of a man, look at the colonel, he is hurting but he is not
screaming.  And look at his cock, its rock hard, watch this."  The
general grabbed a flogger and started beating the colonel, focusing on
his abs and thighs.  The colonel made no attempt to pull back to avoid
or lessen the impact of the blows, he simply took the punishment and
remained silent, as the general used the fogger on his tits slapping
away the clips on his nipples, he winced a little as the general now
concentrated on his tits and chest.  "Good man," said the general "how
are your balls?"  The colonel replied "I forgot about them I was
concentrating on the beating, they hurt a little but nothing I can't
handle."

My opinion of Colonel Choi rose tremendously this was truly a man who
could just about handle anything.
The captain moaned "Now he will just add more weights and we both will
suffer.  The general with a mask of dislike on his face turned and
immediately flogged the captain as he had Col. Choi, the difference was
the captain screamed, pleaded and repeatedly jerked his torso
successfully yanking his balls and Col. Choi's.  Col. Choi remained
quiet, his cock hard as he watched the captain being beaten.

Finally the general threw down the flogger and motioning to the two men
doing the torturing to continue, left the stage and took his seat.  One
of the men picked up a heavy weight and added it to the chain.  Col.
Choi grunted and the captain wailed.  More weight was added until Col.
Choi grunted out "enough".  They had taken almost thirty-pounds of
weight.  The chains were released and the two men drew great breaths of
relief.

The two were released from the crosses and taken over to platforms with
a black butt plug in the center, and told they were to get it up their
asses.  They moved toward the platforms but were stopped and clothespins
put on their nipples and their cocks made hard, then they were shown
some clothespins and told "Take these clothespins and attach them in a
circle around the glans of your penis."  "Now get moving.  Every twenty
seconds we will hit your balls with our fists until you get a complete
row around the head of  your cock.  Get moving."
They each pinched the tight skin of their cock and applied the first
pin, "Augh" one said as they began to work on the second, then there
were twin bellows as fists slammed into two sets of stretcher-equipped
balls hard.  They worked harder to get a second pin on the cocks and
managed to do so just before fists once again crashed against the balls,
causing them to drop the pins, as they bent to pick them up a third blow
to the balls caused them to scream out.  They worked madly and managed
to get two more pins attached before another blow hit their balls,
feverishly they worked to get another pin in place, that now made five
and there was just room for one more, with shaking hands they tried to
attach the last pin when their balls were once again smashed by the
fists of the two big men, somehow they managed to get the last pins in
place and stood with tears streaming down their cheeks.

The general shouted up "How do they feel?"  Both answered "They hurt,
but my balls hurt more."  "Good" shouted the general "now get those
plugs up your asses."  They scrambled up to the platforms and noticed
that the plugs had been greased, they were bent at the waist trying to
insert them when the big men began to flog their backs hard.  They
struggled and screamed as they were flogged as they tried to get the
plug in.  One of the floggers said low so only the two could hear "It is
going to take your whole body weight to get that inside.  You will have
to sit on it or we will be flogging you until dark, and with that the
two floggers connected perfectly with the sore balls between the legs of
the two captive men.  The two quickly placed the plugs on the platforms
and squatted down over them as the floggings continued, they struggle
and finally  figured out a squat would not do it, so putting their legs
in front of them hey sat down on the plug, the blows from the whips now
hit their shoulders, chests and thighs.  Finally the plugs popped inside
as great screams came from both men, they sat there panting and moaning.

The two big men left them on the platforms and went over to a side door
to bring in another man.  He looked to be a muscle man by his build, he
was well proportioned and rather nice looking, and the only hair he had
was on his head.  He was strapped to one of the St Andrews crosses and
the suction cups on his nipples were removed leaving his tits extended
about 1/2 inch.  A man I recognized from Pusan came out on the stage and
on a small table next to the bound man, unrolled a cloth, which
contained numerous needles.

Selecting one he moved over to the bound man and taking hold of his left
nipple inserted the needle through horizontally, the man screamed as the
needle went through his flesh, then taking another needle he ran it
vertically through the same nipple, the man screamed and writhed on the
cross.  Moving to the right nipple he repeated the operation first the
horizontal and then the vertical needle through the nipple.  There was
only a drop of blood but the bound man screams echoed through the room.
Next the man took the mans cock and had one of the big men get it hard
by taking it into his mouth and giving him a first class blow job, when
it was hard and upstanding the man took a leather thong and quickly
bound the base of the cock so that the blood could not leave and the
cock would stay hard.  Then taking needles and beginning at the base of
the cock he pushed them through the cock at about 1/2 inch intervals as
the man screamed and bucked in his bounds, when the man had reached the
top of the cock he moved to the other side and began to place needles
between the ones already there, the man on the cross moaned and passed
out.  The man stopped placing needles and took a bottle from his case
and held it under the mans nose until he came to, and then taking
another bottle held it up to the man and while one man held his mouth
closed the other put the bottle to a nostril and pushing to close the
other nostril forced the man to breath the fumes from the bottle, then
it was repeated in the other nostril.  The man after a few minutes
seemed to be awake and aware of what was happening as he was moaning in
pain, and the man continued to put place the needles in the bound mans
cock.  When he reached the head he took a needle and ran it through the
head of the cock from right to left and taking another bent the cock so
he could run it from back to front.  The bound man was hoarse from
screaming and was bucking in pain.

Now the needle man moved to the bound man's balls, and using needles
separated them putting needles through the scrotum at close intervals
both horizontally and vertically so the balls were forced to the bottom
of the sack.  Then taking special needles he began to place them through
the testicles themselves, the bound man screamed and once again passed
out.  They waited until he had come to and the other testicle was
pierced with a needle, once again he fainted, he was brought to again
and a second needle was placed in each testicle, he passed out and this
time they let him hang with no attempt to bring him to as the man placed
up to six needles in each testicle.  Now he was released from the cross
and strung up by his arms and legs so he swung in the air, and a strap
was run under the center of his back to ease the strain, his arms and
legs were pulled wide and the two big men brought out cans of grease and
began to fist the unconscious man, when they had him opened up they
shoved one of the largest dildoes I have ever seen up his ass and left
it there.  Leaving him hanging they returned to the colonel and the captain.

They had been sitting quietly on their platforms hoping their ordeal was
over, but now the two men came over holding ropes and dropping a noose
down told the two to get the noose around your balls and tighten it.
This was an easy task as the ball stretcher was still in place.

A spotlight now hit on two swings hanging from the ceiling and the two
were directed to them.  They were told to sit and their wrists grabbed,
pulled up and fastened to the chains supporting the swings.  Short ropes
were wrapped around their thighs and the swing seat to keep them in
place, their ankles were pulled up and secured to the bottom of the
swing seat so their feet would not touch the ground.

Two more men came out on the stage and all had whips, two of the men
took hold of the ropes around the balls of the men in swings and pulled
the men and swings forward, as the two bound men moaned and writhed in
their swings.  Letting go the swing went back and the floggers in the
back began their work, as the swing went forward the two in front used
their floggers to hit the cocks of the swingers causing some of the pins
to go flying, the screams of the two rang through the hall, as the
swings slowed the ropes around their balls were grabbed and they were
pulled forward by their balls again until they reached a point where the
rope was let go, on the back swing the floggers hit their backs and on
the forward swing the floggers managed to dislodge the remaining pins on
the two cockheads as the men screamed. The swings were still going in
high arcs and the two men in front grabbed the ropes connected to the
swinger's balls and standing their ground the swingers were yanked to a
stop by their balls.

Undoing the men from the swings they had them stand with the captain
facing  the colonel and bringing two sticks about 1 and 1/2 inches wide
and maybe forty inches long.  About twelve inches from each end, when
the sticks were place side by side there was a  hole about the size of a
quarter.  With one man kneeling behind the captain and one behind the
colonel they first wrapped a long copper wire around the balls of each
and twisted it, the wired balls were pulled down and the holes closed
around the scrotums so that the wire and the balls were under the
sticks.  The sticks were then tied together on either side of both pairs
of testicles and about halfway between the two men.

A short bench was brought in with larger holes in the seat, it was
placed between the legs of the two who were told to sit down.  The big
men guided them until they were first straddling and then seated on the
narrow bench.  Clamps were used to attach the bench to the bound sticks
that encased their balls. They were facing each other with a space
between, which I soon found out would be put to good use.  I was lifted
off my butt plug, the ball stretcher and separator was removed as were
the tit clamps and I was taken over and told to straddle the bench
between the two, and then while one of them rimmed me the other took my
cock in his mouth and worked me until I shot a load down his throat,
then I was told to turn so the one rimming me could lick me clean and
the one who had just sucked me could lick my ass for me.

I was then led from the room as I heard the general tell his guests to
please make use of the two on the bench they were there for the pleasure
of them all.
The general met me in his office as I was dressing, came over and took
me in his arms and kissed me, thanking me for being such a wonderful
person, and he hoped I would soon be well, he called for someone to take
me back and I was glad to leave, I felt for the general's aides and the
poor man who had been used like a pincushion, maybe someday I would find
out his crime for such a punishment.

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Sun, 08 Feb 2004 11:18:49 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 13

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.



Air Force Memories 13

The days rather blended into each other, I could do some work but found
that my left eye tired rather quickly when reading, so more or less
depended on my excellent sergeants to inform whether I should sign or
not.  They were really great men and I owe a lot to them as they really
took care of business for me while my bandages were on.

Alex was doing a great job of seeing that I got my bath each day, and
the only regret I had was we had been unable to get together and it was
now going on two weeks since I had any sex play and I was really getting
horny.

Had a problem when Alex was chosen to fly some people up to Seoul for a
few days, then I remembered Staff Sgt. Tony Michaels, so asked my Sgt.
to find him and ask him if would come up and see me.  When Tony arrived
I suggested we go for a walk, and I told him of my dilemma of taking a
shower, or not, and with the hot humid air I really did not have much of
choice.  I told him Capt. MacGregor was gone for several days and I
needed someone to help me, would he do it, as I not only needed to get
clean, but also needed some stubble removed.   He readily agreed, and I
told him I did not know how or where I could repay him, but would owe
him suck and fuck privileges for each bath, he laughed and said: "Oh, it
will work out, what time do I meet you."  I suggested 1600 and he said
it was okay for him.

A little before 1600 I went to my bunk and got undressed, put on a
yukaka some slip-ons, grabbed my towel, and ditty bag and was about to
leave when Joe Padgett came in and said he understood Alex was gone, and
did I need some help.  I informed him Sgt. Michaels was going to help
me, and saying "Two are better than one", he stripped put a towel around
his waist, grabbed his stuff and went with me.  When we got to the
shower building Tony was waiting, and I told him Lt. Padgett had decided
to come along and help.  Tony looked at him, smiled and said: "Okay, we
are old friends."

We went in and they got the buckets used to slosh the water on me and
moved to a couple of showerheads to get the buckets filled.  Then called
me in, they had been talking while filling the buckets and as I went in
Joe went by me to the door, put a sign outside and locked the door.

Tony sloshed water on me and Joe took a wash cloth and began rubbing the
soap into my body, he washed and massaged every part of me and soon my
cock was standing straight up.  Then Tony sloshed more water on me
rinsing off all the soap and dirt, and began putting shaving cream on my
cock, balls, perineum, and ass crack.  He shaved me and then rinsed me
again, then asked Joe if he wanted to check to see if he had missed any.

I was shocked when Joe bent down, ran his tongue up and down my shaft,
licked my balls, perineum and ass crack, saying that it appeared a great
job had been done.  By this time my cock was leaking precum like mad,
and I could hear the two whispering and then Joe bent down and took my
cock into his mouth and next thing I knew he was deep throating me, and
I could feel Tony's cock pressing at my asshole.  After so long with out
any sex I was more than ready.  "Fuck me, fuck me", I hollered as Tony's
cock pistoned in and out of my ass and my cock moved in and out of Joe's
mouth.  My body was squirming with pleasure as these two worked me over,
I could feel myself getting ready to cum and shouted to Joe who
suctioned even more and with a blast the cum roared out from my balls
and into this mouth.  This set off contractions in my ass and I could
feel Tony swell and pump as his jib entered into my body.  I was happy
and content.  Joe pulled off as Tony pulled out and I wondered how we
would get him off, when he moved behind and shoved his cock up my ass
for sloppy seconds, telling Tony to rim him while he fucked me.  Joe
told me he had wanted to do this for a long time and this was the first
time where the opportunity really presented itself.  He fucked me long
and hard and next thing I knew my cock was again as hard as a rock, he
indicated this to Tony who then moved around and began to lick my cock
and balls before taking me into his mouth.  They worked in tandem and
once again my body responded and I was tossing my head and moaning in
delight.  As Joe's cock swelled in my ass and he began to unload I could
not contain myself and began shooting into Tony.  After they had
finished, Joe went and unlocked the door removed the sign, and coming
back they filled buckets and washed the sweat off my body, before
showering themselves.  They dried me and we returned to our quarters,
and Tony said: "Same time, same place tomorrow, okay". And I could only
nod in agreement. It felt good to have had some sexual release, but I
was unhappy that it had not been with Alex.

When we got back to the barracks, Joe came up to my bunk to make sure
that I got dressed ok, and then we talked and I found out he and Chris
had been fuck buddies, and that he also was getting in on with Dick
Brock.  I asked him how he knew Tony and he said that the two of them
had been fuck buddies ever since they first got to the K site.

He told me I would be surprised at the number of liaisons going on
between officers and between some officers and enlisted men.  That the
only thing was it was not done in public and kept as private as
possible, and that any liaison between officer and enlisted must never
be apparent during working hours.  He informed me this was just a fact
of life when you took over a hundred males between the ages of 19 and 40
and put them in close proximity of each other and with no females
around, and only a chance to maybe get to Japan once during your tour so
sexual relief had to be found someway, and this mating of men with men
was the only solution.  He told me once all my bandages were removed,
and he heard of it he would make sure I hit the showers when one of the
free for all orgies was going on.  He said it was really something to
participate in and while I had seen most if not all of the men naked,
seeing them horny and going after one another was something else.  My
education was continually being broadened.

The only fly in the ointment was General Park, while I was excused from
seeing him until my stitches were out and the bandages removed, he was
still sitting up there like a malevolent bird of prey just waiting to
pounce.

One day his Aide de Camp Col. Choi came over to visit and brought a
bottle of scotch with the generals best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Yeah I knew why he wanted it speedy, and I was determined to make this
time last as long as I could.  He brought with him another aide Capt.
Kim Eun Kuk, he was about my size and was one of the most handsome
Korean's I had ever met.  I could tell he had a good build under his
uniform and wondered why he seemed so ill at ease.  His English was good
and he looked like he had everything going for him.  Col. Choi asked if
there were somewhere we could talk privately, and since the transient
quarters fell under my jurisdiction, I told my sergeant that we needed
to talk and would be over there if anyone wanted me, and only he was to
come to get me.
Going into transient I closed and latched the door and we moved to the
back of the room. The colonel then nodded to the captain who not looking
happy began to remove his uniform.  After taking off his shirt, I could
see that he had the suction cups on his nipples, and he sat down to
remove his shoes and socks and then undid and removed his trousers and
underwear and stood naked before me.  Well not naked he had a ball
stretcher and separator on, the stretcher had to be at least two and a
half inches wide, pushing his balls down in their sack and straining
against the separator, hanging from the separator was s ring which held
two chains each with a ten pound weight attached.  These weights were
the long sausage types and were so fixed that when dressed one weight
would hang down each leg of his trousers, he bent over and spreading his
ass I could see the end of a butt plug at his asshole.  He turned and
presented himself at parade rest.  The colonel reached over and lifting
the weights told him he had done well and then let the weights drop, the
captain blanched as his nuts were pulled down by the dropping weights
and were squashed down in the separator.  The colonel then shed his
uniform and when naked I could see he was wearing titclamps, had a
three-inch ball stretcher on and his ball separator had two chains,
which attached to the titclamps.  When he stood straight the clamps were
pulled down and his balls pulled up, there was no way he could relieve
the pressure on either one.

He then told me that the general was still planning on his exhibition,
and since I would be unavailable he was going to use the captain and
himself as the main attraction.  For this he said he was grateful as it
would not be as bad as what had been planned for him, but would now be
done to some others and that they had one special feature, as Col. Chi
was coming and had a new captain who had really fouled up and needed to
be punished and so they were including that in the entertainment.

His job and the captains today was to invite me to the entertainment,
and they would let me know what day, and the general had told them just
how the invite was to be given, with them in the position they were now
in.  I asked how the general would know if the invitation had been given
correctly, and with that the colonel sighed and said "reach in my right
front pants pocket and take out what you find there."  I ended up with
two large clamps, and looked at him wonderingly.  He said if the
invitation was given correctly then I was to attach one of the clamps to
his cock head, and if it was accepted I was to attach the other to the
captains cock head.  I looked at them and thought god they will hurt.
He looked at me and said, if you would permit it we would like to get
dressed first, leaving our cocks out, and then you could attach the
clamps and we could finish dressing and leave, that would give us a few
more moments without the clamps.  He looked so down I had to agree.
They dressed, their cocks hanging out, the colonel first me then the
captain.  I took one of the clamps and pressing it open held it over the
base of the cockhead, it would barely fit, so I knew it would really be
painful when I let go, so I did it as slowly as possible, but the
colonel hissed: "No, let go all at once", I did he gasped bent over in
pain and then stood and finished dressing,  The captain was looking at
me in terror and I knew there was no way to get away from it so I took
the clamp, opened it and putting it at the base of the cockhead let go.
He screamed, bent over and wailed.  The colonel moved over and shoved a
cockgag into his mouth, until he was able to control himself, and then
walking very gingerly went out the gate, and I was happy to see that a
jeep was waiting to take them back to the general, as the walk would
have been hell for them.
The exhibition was set for the next Saturday, which meant it was a
little over a week away, I was hoping I would be able to have both eyes
uncovered by then and that my glasses would be here, while I could see
without them I did have astigmatisms which without glasses my eyes tried
to correct and would end up giving me headaches of hellish proportions.
I went over to see Strasser and he took my bandages off, removed some
stitches and some small butterfly adhesive tape used on some places in
lieu of stitches.    Asking me to strip he checked me over and except
for my head all the bumps; bruises and scratches seemed to be gone.  He
seemed to be taking an abnormal amount of time checking my cock and
balls, as they had not been damaged, but he rolled my balls round in one
hand and with the other played with my nipples, naturally my cock began
to stand at attention, he slipped a glove on one hand and using some
lube stuck it up my ass and began to massage my prostrate, and of course
precum started oozing out of my cock.  He asked if he had taken good
care of me, and of course I had to say yes, as he had really been the
one to get everything done for me.  He asked if I would like to repay
him a little and since I was beginning to love cock said I would like
to, what did he have in mind.

He locked the dispensary door and removed his uniform, he had a very
muscular body and was lightly covered with hair, he had an uncircumcised
cock and large low hanging balls, all in all a very neat specimen of
manhood.  I began to suck on his nipples and play with his cock, until
he put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down, I licked his cock
up and down and also his balls, then took a ball in my mouth and moved
it around from side to side for a while before changing and doing the
same to the other one.  His cock was getting steel hard and was
dripping, I licked the sweet tasting juice from his cock and then dove
between his legs and running my tongue up and down his ass crack
centered on the puckered bud and began to tongue and kiss it, until it
began to open like a flower, I stuck my tongue in as far as I could go
and got all the ass juice I could.  Strasser began to moan, and reaching
down pulled me up, planted his mouth on mine and began to try and reach
my throat with his tongue, but this time I was hard and our cocks dueled
with each other as we pressed our bodies together.  He pushed me down on
the exam table, lifted my legs and putting his cock at the entrance to
my ass, pressed and I felt the sphincter give as he effortlessly pushed
in until I could feel his balls and hair against my ass.  He played with
my nips for a while as he just let his cock fill me and then he began a
slow in an out movement, then a rapid one, alternating his strokes and
going between deep fucking and shallow fucking until I was squirming and
moaning and telling him to fuck me harder and better.  He kept it up and
I could feel his cock hitting my prostate and then my cock exploded all
over me and his chest.  He stopped fucking and just looked at me and as
I calmed down, he played with my nips and did round about motions in my
ass.  When my breathing was normal he again began to fuck me and once
again took his time and was alternating with all the strokes he knew.
It was driving me up the wall, once again my cock was hard and dripping,
and he kept punching my prostate and varying his strokes, giving me
pleasure I had never felt before.  Finally I could feel his cock swell
within me and he shot his seed deep into my bowels, and I once again
exploded over us.  He waited, not withdrawing, but letting his cock go
soft and sliding out of its own accord, and then he presented it to me
for cleaning.  I licked the remaining cum and ass juice from his cock
licked my sperm from his chest, and he eagerly licked up what had
spattered on me.  Then using some warm water he had he sponged me off,
then himself, dressed, had me dress and then redid the bandages on my
head.  This time the left eye was left clear, and he said that perhaps
next time he could leave both eyes without bandages, but for the time
being the right eye still had to be covered until the stitches above the
eye could be removed.  I thanked him and said I would be looking forward
to my next visit, he told me that he would check the bandages in about 4
days, but I should come back in two days to have a temperature check
done and to see if any damage had been done due to over exercising.  I
winked at him and said: "I will be here with pleasure".  He opened the
door and as I was leaving grabbed my ass, and said: "You are doing fine,
keep up the good work."
Alex was back, and while I had been fucked by Tony, Joe, and Strasser, I
still had not been able to get together with the one person I wanted
more than any other.  Finally Saturday came and he had signed up for the
darkroom for 4 hours from eight to twelve, which was a time no one
really wanted it as they liked to sleep in or rest in the morning.

We went down to the darkroom and once inside with the door locked fell
into each other's arms.  My mouth went to his and we could not get
enough of each other as we began to undress each other.  To make things
simple we had each worn only fatigues with nothing else except shoes
which were easily kicked off, soon we both were naked and I could feel
his hair tickle me and his stiff nipples play with mine.

I bent down to his forested chest and his peaked nipples, kissing them
licking them and chewing on them.  He gasped "Oh God, you turn me on," I
lowered my head and licked the tip of his cock, his knees buckled and he
grabbed my shoulders, and pulling me up he bent and licked my cock, he
looked up saying: "My man, my lover, my own, and raising up he thrust
his tongue into my mouth.  We stood there kissing, his furry chest
rubbing my smooth one and our erect nipples rubbing on each other only
making our arousal greater.

We sank to the floor and I rolled over Alex once again going for his
nipples and nursing on them like an unweaned child, Alex felt his way
down my chest with his hands and finding my own hard tits began to flick
them lightly with his finger nails.  Reaching down to my oozing cock he
smeared pre-cum on his fingers and going back to my nipples rubbed the
fluid into them, twisting and pinching them.  I responded by chewing
even more energetically and licking the cones into my mouth like this
was the last day on earth.

I finally let go and slid down his body leaving a wet trail as I licked
my way down, and Alex whimpered with lust, my head finally lay on his
stomach as I looked lovingly and longingly at his cock.  Clear fluid
seeped out of the tip and I gathered some on my fingers and stuck them
in my mouth savoring the wonderful taste.  I held the warm, hard cock in
my hand as it throbbed and sent out even more fluid.  Opening my mouth I
moved closer to the thing I desired sticking out my tongue to lap the
wonderful essence of my love, then raising my head I kissed the flowing
tip and opening my mouth took it into me, this made me feel complete.

I bobbed up and down on his shaft, preparing it for its' entrance into
me.  Alex grabbed my head in his hands and in his need urgently asked:
"I am ready, are you?"  "Yes, take me now" I replied.  Quickly changing
positions he lifted my ankles, exposing my quivering asshole to him.  He
pushed two fingers and then three inside, as I moaned and clenched my
ass muscles around his fingers.  "Please, pleasure me, fuck me, take me
Alex, make me yours, fuck me hard."  Alex replied "I'll fuck you, but
not hard, this time it will be gentle, but good.  I held onto my legs,
and looking at Alex with desire and need said "Please, don't make me
wait any longer, I need you to take and fuck me."  Alex placed his
purple swollen cock head at my quivering hole and pushed.  I felt my
sphincter begin to resist at the first assault, and pushed down willing
my hole to open to receive that which I so desperately wanted and
needed.  I felt the head of his cock slip past the sphincter and then
slide inside.  Alex waited to let me adjust to him and when I wiggled my
ass he thrust all the way in, and once again waited for me to adjust,
when I pushed against him he began to thrust.  "More, more, harder, fuck
me Alex, oh fuck me Alex." Alex gave me what I wanted.  I ascended
higher and higher on the wholeness that expanded my ass chute.  I could
not remember such rapture as this.  Alex's balls were slapping against
my ass cheeks ad I rocked backward and forward to meet his thrusts.

My cock, which had softened during his initial entry, had regained its
hardness, and was throbbing and leaking pre-cum into my navel and
overflowing the sides.  Alex reached down and dipped his fingers into
the nectar of my body and then reaching for my tits gave them what I had
been waiting for.  He took my hard tits in his fingers twisting and
pinching them as he worked the fluid of my body into them.

We were both breathing hard as he picked up the pace of his thrusts, in
and out, in and out, twist and pinch, in and out, pinch and twist.  I
let go of my legs and let them rest on his shoulders, grabbing his
nipples and pinching and twisting in return.  Alex began to whoop and
his hips began to convulse, as he shot his sperm into me my untouched
cock hardened and shot my sperm across my face, chest and belly.  "Oh,
oh, ah, ahh, ahhhhhh, ahhhhhhhh, unh, uunnhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh" we both
yelled as he shot into me and my cock shot over and over again
delivering its load onto my skin and reaching my open mouth.
I could feel and see our hearts were rapidly beating, and we were
gulping in air with great gasps.  Alex lay on me and gradually our
hearts and breathing slowed and began to return to normal.  Alex raised
himself up from the cum sticking us together and I wiped some of the cum
from my face and held my hand to Alex's mouth.  He gently licked the cum
from them, and began to pull out.  "Don't, let it get soft in me, I want
to know it in all of its shapes inside me."  Alex smiled and lay back
down on me until he was soft again, then raising up, pulled himself out
of me.  "Let me clean it" I said as I leaned forward and took his soft
but still heavy cock into my mouth, relishing the flavor of his cum
mixed with the flavor of my own ass juices as I cleaned what had been
the cause of so much joy to me.  "I love this and I love you" I told
Alex.  He replied "And I love you".  We looked into each other's eyes
and knew for the moment we had found complete love in each other and yet
in that look we also knew that within months we would be parted.  Lying
together with our arms and legs entwined, we talked of the future and
what it might bring, and before we slept decided to make the most of the
time we would have together and that our love would somehow endure. Yet
each of us knew that it was probably just a dream but one we would cling
to, and we slowly drifted off to sleep, satiated, knowing what each
meant to the other.

We woke up in time to leave the dark room before our time was up, and I
felt lucky that none of the exuberance of our encounter had bothered my
bandages, it was just pure luck that when I shot the cum did not reach
the bandage to show all what we had been doing.

We caressed each other as we dressed, and I told Alex of my encounters
with the others, he told me that did not matter as long as he knew I
loved him and would always be there for him as long as we were
together.  This made me start to cry and I had to stop before it soaked
my bandage, but he licked the tears from my left cheek and I began to
laugh and we picked up some pictures done earlier and took them with us
to show the others what we had done in the dark room, in case they asked.

We made plans to go with the others to the beach the next day, even
though I could not go in the water, I could get some sun and enjoy being
with the others.  We made our way to lunch and looked forward to just
being with each other.

Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Wed, 04 Feb 2004 18:27:49 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 12

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 12

When I woke up, I did not know if it was day or night, but was more
conscious of things than I had been before, could feel where a needle
was in my left arm and was quite aware that I was naked under the sheet
covering me.  I started to grope with my right hand when I heard Alex
ask if I needed something.  I asked him what was going on and he
informed that he would let them know I was awake and that a doctor would
soon come.  While we were waiting I asked him what day it was, as had
been told I was there for two days and knew the accident happened
Monday.  He told me it was Wednesday they counted Monday as one day and
though they talked to me on Tuesday afternoon, counted that as the
second day.  Now at least I had some time frames.  I asked what the
needle in my arm was for, and was told that it was for the IV and that
the drugs were also put in that way, the only shots I got were for
anti-biotic medicine.

I heard voices and a man identified himself as one of the doctors, he
pulled the sheet back covering me and when I asked why, told me that I
had some cuts, scrapes and abrasions on my torso and legs that needed
checking.  After looking me over he said everything was coming along
fine and maybe I could get some pajama bottoms the next day, no top as
they still needed to keep some the monitoring devices on my chest.  He
said that latter in the day they would take me into the operating room,
remove the bandages from my head, do some minor repairs and rebandage
me.  With these kind words I was left alone with Alex, someone brought
me some breakfast and Alex very patiently fed it to me.  Then putting a
call button close to my right hand, he said he had something's to do and
would be back at lunch.

I lay there in my darkness and realized how many things I took for
granted I could no longer do.  I had to be fed, my toothbrush had to
have the paste put on it and then handed to me, at least I could brush
my teeth. Then when I realized I needed to urinate had to press the
button for help.  A corpsman showed up and when I told him my problem
got the proper utensil and then to my embarrassment had to move the
sheet take hold of my penis and hold it in the opening while I relieved
myself. It now dawned on me that I would require help when I needed to
defecate, and this really made me feel helpless.

I drifted in and out of sleep, and then was lunch.  Alex fed me some
soup and what tasted like scrambled eggs.  We visited for a while and
then they came to wheel me to the operating room.  Alex said he would
wait until I came back.
I was apprehensive as they began to cut the bandages from my head, but
began to feel much better when I could vaguely see light.  They told me
to close my eyes while they removed the final bandages, and then after a
few minutes was asked to open them.  I could see. The room was in
semi-darkness; a doctor using a small light looked into my eyes and was
satisfied with what he saw.  I was told to close my eyes while they
turned the operating lights on and then to open them slowly and if the
light hurt them to close them immediately.

I did so and looked about through barely open eyes.  They were doing
something to my forehead and I felt a prick as they put a local
anesthetic into my forehead so they could redo some stitches.  They
checked some other places and after putting in another local, cleaned
out the big wound on my right cheek and did some minor surgery on it.
Then all the bandages went back on.  When I asked why both eyes had to
be covered I was told that there were cuts around my left eye they
wanted covered until healed.  I was wheeled back to wherever it was I
being kept and heard the doctor's and Alex conversing a little way from
me.  It was low and I could not get what they were saying.

Alex came over and took my hand and informed he would be flying back the
next day, that all danger was past, and now once the injuries healed I
should be ok.  I would have to come back maybe a few times to have my
right cheek worked on, but they had assured him it would look normal
when they finished, and if they could not do it here then it would be
finished in the states before my time for discharge came.

Knowing I could see had made a world of difference to me and I told him
I would miss him but thought that the people in hospital would take good
care of me.  He said unless they were told different that they would fly
over on Monday to get me, and bring our medic Sgt. Strasser to get
instructions on changing my bandage, which would have to be either on a
daily basis or every other day.  He said arrangements had been made that
either a corpsman or a ward orderly would be close by twenty-four hours
a day as long as both eyes were covered.  That they would take of
anything I needed.  When I asked: "Anything?' he laughed and replied:
"Anything pertaining to your injuries or bodily functions other than sex
you idjit", as he reached over and grasped my flaccid penis.  I truly
doubted with all the drugs in me if I could have gotten hard if my life
depended on it.

He told me when I got home he would see that anything I had missed while
in the hospital was well taken care of. Lightly kissing me, he said I
will see you at dinner, and then will be getting things ready to leave,
I may or may not be able to get here again after dinner tonight.

Once again I dozed off and on, dinner came, Alex fed me and wishing me
well took his leave.  I missed him, but there was not much he could do
for me and he needed to get back.

The worst part was lying in the darkness, you never know just how much
you rely on you sight until you cannot use it.  As I drifted in and out
of consciousness my mind conjured pictures of the past.  I remembered
forgotten and half-forgotten scenes of my childhood, adolescence and
teen years, some were happy, some were best forgotten, but all had
helped to make me what I was, and I wondered just who or what was I.

Last spring I had been a naive and sexually inexperienced boy, now I had
been introduced into man to man sex, and found with some it was most
enjoyable, and while I had also been introduced into sex involved with
sadistic pleasure, I found myself also becoming aroused when this
happened to me.  Would I be able to shake the bad and just keep the good
when I left Korea, would I be able to function with a woman as I did
with a man.  What would the future hold for me?  Could I believe the
doctors, would I be badly scarred, and would my sight be all right?
There were times when feelings of deep dark despair overwhelmed me and I
wondered if it would not have been better to been killed in the crash I
had so many questions and no answers, yet I knew that the answers,
except for the medical ones, had to come from within myself.  That I had
to decide how I wanted to live my life from here on out, now that I
guess I had been given a second chance.  Would or could I make the right
decision, only time would tell, I decided I would just have to take it
one day at time, no matter how difficult it was, not to dwell on the
past and not to try to foresee the future.

The next few days involved a few more trips to check on the healing of
my head injuries and I was given pajama bottoms, so when I needed to go
to the bathroom, if I felt up to it they could walk me there moving my
IV along with me.  Finally on Saturday they removed the IV and
discontinued monitoring me, which made it nice, as now I did not have to
have the pads taken off and then attached when I went to the bathroom.
I was beginning to feel like I was almost human, if only I could see.
The constant darkness was preying on me and I was becoming morose and
dejected, nothing seemed to be worthwhile.  I tried to shake this and
asked one of the nurses if she would check at the PX for me and see if
they had any oil paints and prepared panels and the cost of them if they
did.  Figured when I could see a little that I might get back to doing
some painting.  She found out they did so asked her to let Col. Crane
how much money I would need to get them and have it sent over when they
came to get me, that Alex knew where I kept my money.  I thanked her and
asked if she could have the PX place two sets of oils and six panel's
aside for me, which she agreed to do.  Great people here.
Sunday big surprise was told I had a couple of Korean visitors.  I
thought it might be some of the one's I had worked with on TDY but was
both shocked and happy to hear them say it was Major Kim Hung Oh and
Major Hih Soo Nyung.  They said they were sorry to hear of my accident
and had only heard of it or they would have come sooner.  They inquired
if there was anything they could do for me, and seemed genuinely
interested, which considering what we had gone through was a little
surprising, though they had been rather nice at the end.  They proceeded
to tell me about what had happened with the two captains and the
brothers since I left.

The captains had been sent back to work, and were given the most menial
jobs to do, plus the fact they were required to either be naked or just
wear a loin cloth, they were to be available for sexual use by any of
the people and were also to be the urinals, as the workers were
forbidden to piss anywhere except into the captains.  This went on for a
week and then they were moved up to recruit and were allowed to wear a
uniform and only be available for sexual use outside of working hours,
however they were still required to be urinals and if any piss got on
their uniforms they were publicly stripped and their cock and balls were
whipped.

It seem that eventually they might regain their previous rank in five or
so years, providing they did not foul up, in which case they would go
back one step and then have to start moving up again.

There had been some problems with the brothers, seemed the older one
just would not obey, and when they tortured the younger in hopes of
gaining obedience it soon became apparent that while the younger adored
his older brother, the older brother was concerned only about himself.

The younger one was removed and sent to be a male whore to the enlisted
men, and the older one was strung up by his wrists, pulled off the floor
his ankles were attached to chains which spread his legs wide, nipple
clamps and weights were attached, a ball stretcher and separator with
20-lb weight put on him. They attached alligator clips to his cock and a
large one on his cock head.  Then they found a large dildoe and coating
it with a salve which would cause a burning sensation, forced it up his
ass and then took a huge butt plug and forced that in, causing the
dildoe to go further up his ass and then putting wires around his tits,
and balls, and putting a copper tube down his piss slit, attached them
to the transformer set the dials for unexpected shocks of electricity
and left him.

While he was hanging they made arrangements for his father to be
abducted and brought to the camp. The next morning he was taken into the
torture chamber, stripped and was hung by his ankle and wrists on chains
from the ceiling.  They were happy to see that even though he was in his
40s that his body was in excellent condition.  They took a thin chain
and wrapped it around his nuts and then attaching it to a chain from the
ceiling raised him so he was essentially hanging my his balls.  He could
lift his pelvis to relieve the pressure, but not for long
.
He was situated so my lifting his head he could see his son through his
legs.
The older boy was moaning but had been screaming so much during the
night that his voice was almost gone.

They gave his several jolts of electricity as they first removed the
butt plug and then had to reach up his ass to grab the base of the
dildoe, he moaned and thrashed in his bonds but only made matters worse
as the weights swung freely from his tits and balls.  They removed the
tit clamps and weights but returned with a whip, which they used, on his
pecs and particularly trying to hit his nipples, you could hear the
hoarse screams and the weight between his legs was wildly swinging.
They gave him another jolt and then removed the copper wires from around
his nipples and balls and pulled the rod from his piss slit.  Before
removing the harness on his balls and the weight the guards took turns
smashing his balls with their fists, causing him to twist even more in
the chains.  Finally they removed the harness and weights, lowered him
and removed the chains from his wrists and ankles, but leaving the
alligator clips on his cock.
Taking him over by his father they made him kneel facing his father's
ass and fastened his legs at the thighs and ankles to the floor.  Then
asking him if he was ready to take his punishment and obey the orders
given him, but having him shake his head negative they proceeded on the
father.  It was becoming clear to all that the young man was only
interested in himself, but they were curious to see how much he would
allow his father to endure.

A hose was shoved up his father's ass and the water turned on, when he
was bloated, the water was stopped and leaving his ass plugged for a few
minutes they let the enema work on his intestines.  When they pulled the
plug the son was so placed that the water and shit hit him in the face
and dripped down over him.  They repeated the procedure until the water
from the father ran clear.  Then they brought over some lubricant and
taking the son's hand and lower arm liberally spread the lube on him.
Taking his hand they placed it at his father's asshole and working it
finally got his fist into his father.  This was causing his father to
jerk in his chains causing great pull and strain on his balls.  They
then decided to add alligator clamps to the father's nipples and cock
giving him further pain.

They worked the sons arm until it was in as far as the forearm, and
asking if he was ready to do as they wanted and getting a no, took his
other hand and lubed it and worked and pushed it into the father.  By
this time some blood was seeping out of the father's ass, but the son
did not seem to care.
They decided no matter what they did with the father the son did not
care, and from his ramblings learned he hated his brother as he would
have to share with him and hated his father, as he would not give him
control of the company.
They released the father, but brought in a lawyer who drew up a will
leaving all the father's wealth and business to the younger son,
acknowledging that the older son was dead and that the appropriate
arrangements would be made for one who has died and his body not recovered.

The father also was required to have two special agents as his aides to
see that he did not try to change anything and to insure that all was
done to insure that as far as anyone knew the older son was dead.  He
was then taken to a hospital and when well, was allowed to see his
younger son and told of the conditions of his servitude.

The older son was turned over to the men at the compound to use as they
saw fit and to see just what a human body could endure.  The last they
heard that by inserting metal bars in the muscles behind the nipples
they could put clamps and weights on the nipples up to five pounds and
hang weights on the bars up to 10 pounds without there tearing the flesh
and falling out.  They were up to close to 50 lbs. on his balls, and
were also having a fine time inserting the needles through his cock, and
as soon as they reached the limit of weight on his balls they were going
to experiment with driving the needles through the testicles.  They
wanted to see how much weight the muscles and the scrotum would take
before tearing, and were monitoring him to make sure that at first sign
of tearing the weights would be removed.

They had been using increasingly larger dildoes up his ass, and fisting
him until one could get both arms up into him and they were working on
two more arms one above and one below the ones in his ass to see if four
could get in.
He was permanently gagged except when he was given food or forced to
suck someone off, cum and piss were his only liquids, and his food
though nourishing was unappetizing, just food to keep him alive and in
shape.  He probably wished he were dead.

The two majors said they had only been in once to see what was
happening, but that Colonel Chi Do Song was there almost every day
showing a great deal of interest.

It really did not matter what they did with the boy, as he was already
legally dead and had been buried by his father.

I was happier than ever that I no longer was in their hands, and while
it was interesting to hear what had happened to those I knew, it also
sickened me and made me wonder, how can man be so inhuman to his fellow
man.  For supposed civilized peoples we still showed a lot of the
barbarian and lack of respect for others.  I just hoped that this was
not a widespread sickness throughout the world, but was afraid I might
be wrong.

We then chatted about some more pleasant things, such as the weather,
where they had been swimming and how they were going be reassigned to
Seoul and were looking forward it.  I got the impression they would be
glad to be away from Col. Chi.

I thanked them for coming and cannot say I was sad to see them go.
Not too long after my visitors had left, a doctor and I suppose a nurse
and corpsman showed up, they began checking me over and removing all the
monitoring devices I had been wearing as well as taking me off the IV
and removing the needle from my arm.  Now for the first time in a week
if I wanted to turn over I could.  Is odd how such things could make me
happy.

The doctor said that the plane with our medic should arrive that evening
and they would come to see me.  Then tomorrow morning, they would show
Sgt. Starrier how to change my bandages and how to tell when the
stitches could be removed.  He would monitor the wound on my right cheek
and let them know if it needed attention.  If not they wanted it to heal
some before doing anymore work.  The Dr. said that the only real
apparent scar would be on my cheek, until they finished with it.  The
other's should fade and he suggested that I used baby oil to keep the
skin supple and to make sure the cuts healed right.  He said they would
show red or white for a while, but should soon fade and not be noticeable.
As I was being fed my dinner, Col. Crane, Sgt. Strasser and Capt. Bishop
came into to visit and see how I was doing.  It was good to hear some
familiar voices.

I asked Col. Crane if he had gotten my money so that the art supplies
could be picked up at the PX, and he told me no.  That he would be using
some special services funds he had available and could justify the
purchase as rehabilitation work for me. I guess this was true in a way,
as it gave me an incentive to do things.  I thanked him and we talked
about had been going on at the site, then leaving me said they would be
back in the morning to take me home.

I think that night was the first night I did not have someone monitoring
my sleep all night and it was nice to be able to turn, lying on my back
for all that time had gotten rather tiresome for me, but there was no
way with all my attachments that I could turn any.

Right after breakfast they came and put me a wheelchair and moved into
an operating room, only this time I was not placed on the operating
table, but left sitting in the chair.

They removed my bandages and as usual telling me to watch my eyes, began
to show and explain to Sgt. Strasser what had been done, what he had to
monitor and how to know when the stitches could come out.  He had been a
medic long enough that neither they nor I had and thoughts but that he
would do a good job.  While they had the bandages off, I requested a
mirror, but was denied, and they told Strasser not to give me one until
the day he removed the bandages for good.  This did not make me feel
very good and really raised my anxiety level that all was not as good as
they were trying to make be believe.

The only good thing was when in putting the new bandages on they did the
one over my left eye, so I could see looking down, and by raising my
head look at things.  It was awkward, but at least I was able to do
something's for myself now and not be so dependent upon others.

They had brought me clean clothes and I was allowed to dress and get
ready to check out of the hospital.  I thanked all the people who had
been so kind to me and made arrangements for a bottle of bourbon and a
bottle of scotch to be delivered to the people who had been keeping
watch over me 24 hours a day.  I felt it was the least I could do.

The doctor gave me some pills to take with me and gave Sgt. Strasser
some more in case he needed them.  They knew that our dispensary did not
have everything the hospital did.

Finally saying goodbye to the hospital personnel we were driven to the
airfield and I was most happy when we were airborne.  I dozed most of
the time and before I knew it we were landing.  Several jeeps met us and
I was pleasantly surprised to see the number of people who had come down
to welcome be back.  My what a great feeling.  It really encouraged me
and made me feel as though I was really home.

Everything went well until I decided it was time to get the grime off of
me, and then I realized that with the bandages there was no way I could
shower.  Now what the hell was I going to do?  As I was sitting on my
bed holding my towel and stuff, Alex came by and asked what was wrong,
when I told him, he told me to wait a few minutes and the thought they
could get it worked out.  When he came back, he informed he had talked
to Col. Crane and until my bandages came off, at least one of the
officers would go to the showers with me, and using a bucket splash the
water on me, then soap me down and once again using the bucket rinse me
off.  It seemed to be the only solution and he said he would take me now
and to take my shaving gear and he would get rid of the stubble on my
body.  After all I had been through I really did not have any
inhibitions about modesty left, so decided to go with the flow, and
since anyone who saw me in the shower was aware my body was shaved if
anyone saw him doing it, so what.

He did a good job of bathing me, and shaving the stubble from my body,
for which I was glad as it was beginning to itch.  The bad part about
shaving the body is when it starts to grow back it does really itch, or
at least my hair did.  It was good to be clean and because I could tell
there were others in the shower by the noise and his telling them not to
come down where it might get my bandages wet I could not give him the
kiss I thought he deserved.

I was glad to be back and to sleep in my own bed again, and while I did
go over to the club and chat for a while, found I tired easily and soon
went back and stripping climbed into bed and was soon asleep.

Want more? Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Sun, 01 Feb 2004 15:11:04 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 11

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 11

Monday dawned hot and muggy, guess until fall I will have to get used to
this weather.  Each day was much like the same, work then to the gym and
a good workout, until I felt I was getting back to the point I was
before I left for Pusan.

Wednesday afternoon, brought changes, the majors were off to Japan for a
meeting and all the captains were going to be gone for a couple of days
on training missions with their Korean counterparts, which was going
only to leave Col. Crane, Lt. Padgett, Lt. Holcomb and myself in the
compound.  Early Thursday Holcomb left in a half-ton to go to Masan to
pick up some automotive parts for the motor pool and would not be back
until late Friday. This left just Crane, Padgett and myself, the
barracks seemed empty and quiet as Padgett's bed was half the building
from mine and so we were isolated and of course the colonel had his own
private room.

That evening I waited to shower till late as really wanted to let the
hot water flow over me, and did not want to use up water that others
might need, so it was about 2100 when I stripped, wrapped a towel around
me, put on slip-on's and headed to the shower building.

It was empty and I went to the showerhead just around the partition,
which I knew was the only one you could get a good steam from as the
corner helped to build it up.  It was not much steam and did not last
long, but felt good, then adjusted the water and let the hot water flow
over my body.  I caressed my own body as the water washed over me and my
hands wandered down to my cock and balls, I closed my eyes and imagined
Alex with me as I stroked my cock into life.  A voice shattered my
reverie when I heard: "Would you like some help with that?"  I opened my
eyes and stared with shock at Col. Crane standing in front of me.  I had
not heard the door open and anyone come in, as had not really been
listening as this late at night it was rare if ever anyone used the shower.
He looked at me and informed me the door was now locked and reached over
and grasped my cock which had wilted and began to coax it back to life,
then he leaned in and grasping me by the neck pressed his lips to mine
and began the process of deep kissing me.  This always pressed my
buttons and I could feel my cock become hard and press against him.

He stepped back and I got a good look at him he was about my height was
a little overweight with love handles at his waist, but was sure without
any junk food and the diet we had he would soon lose them, his cock
appeared to be longer and wider than mine and his nipples were about the
size of quarters with the nubs sticking proudly out.

He suggested that we shower and then go back to his room.  He washed my
back, spending time with my ass and between the cheeks and in washing
out my hole, as well as reaching under my legs and washing my balls from
the back.  Then standing and giving me the soap and cloth turned so I
could do his back, I followed his washing of me and did the same to me.

We finished our showers, dried off and wrapping our towels around us
went back to the barracks.  He told me to stop and pick up a pair of
pants, and a shirt and leave my towel at my bed, he would open the door
leading from his room to our bay and I could come in that way.  I asked
about Padgett and he said Padgett would be at the club until closing.

Following directions I was soon in his room and he took my clothes
placing them aside and began his caressing of my body, with no
hesitation as if we had done it before our mouths engaged and our arms
encircled each other.  We seemed to be having a contest as to who could
vibrate his tongue against the other's the most.  Our cocks were like
two lances battling for space, standing upright; shoving against each
other and leaking precum; both of us were trembling with desire.

Crane slowly moved me over to the bed and pushing me down so I was
sitting and pushing me down lifted my legs up, I grabbed them with my
hands as he dove down and began to rim my ass, then he worked his
fingers into me loosening me up to take his cock.  He then grabbed my
hips and pressed his cockhead against my quivering asshole and entered
into my waiting tunnel.  He was slightly larger than what I was used to,
but caused me no discomfort, and as his head hit my prostate I moaned
aloud in happiness.

He pulled me tight against him and started fucking me determinedly.  I
reached down and grabbed the edge of the bed to stop his thrusts from
pushing me away from him and he took hold of my legs holding them
apart.  He was going in long thrusts pulling his mushroom head out and
then all the way back in.  My cock was throbbing and before I knew it
spewed out great gobs of cum coating his chest and mine, and I guess my
ass contractions must have sent him over as I could feel his cock really
swell and pulse as he unloaded into me.
He let his cock soften in me and then slide out, I rose and licked my
cum from his body and cleaned his cock then he lapped my cum from my
chest and where it had dripped down my shaft to my balls and pubes.

We then lay side by side on his narrow bed and he informed me that while
he was married, he had never cheated on his wife with another woman, but
being in the close proximity of so many men and seeing them nude always
got to him and he did not consider that this was being unfaithful to his
wife.  I really did not understand his reasoning, but was not about to
complain.  He told me he was aware of my relations with Alex and just
hoped that I would be able to be with him once in a while and to talk to
Alex to see if he was agreeable to some threeways.

I was still in a state of shock, but had to realize in my own mind that
he had given me a most satisfactory fuck if he had indeed fucked the cum
out of me.
We cuddled, kissed and just generally explored each other's bodies until
I felt it time to leave.  I got up and dressed, leaving by his outside
door, walking up past the supply building and then cutting over in front
of the mess and headquarters building to give the impression I was
coming up from the library went back to the barracks and to bed.

My mind was in a turmoil, what was going on, why was I enjoying having
sex with Alex and the colonel as much as I did, and why was it so
demeaning with the general.  I admit that I disliked his sadistic
tendencies, but even when we were actually in the sex act it was not the
same.  I wondered what would happen to me when I left here and finally
after my tour of duty was over discharged from the Air Force.

On Saturday, Alex and I took a jeep and drove down to the beach, we swam
and played and since we were the only ones there had very satisfactory
sex in a small cave which the sea had washed out of the cliff.  I told
him what had happened with Col. Crane, and he said he would think about
and discuss it with the colonel, but for me not to worry about it, as
everything would work out.
I decided to believe him and enjoy him and bask in his attentions, as I
knew the general was due to return Monday.

After my practice I went up to the general's office and he was waiting
for me, knowing this I had not dressed, but just wore my jock up,
carrying the rest of my clothes.  Upon entering I removed my jock and
stood at attention.  He came over and ran his hands over my body,
playing with my nipples and remarking on how he liked them.  I remained
silent as he did not know that I was only using the suction cups about
15 minutes a day now as I did not want them any larger than they now were.

He played with my cock and balls, then got a three inch ball stretcher
put it on, took it off and getting a three and a half inch one pushed my
balls to the limit and fastened it, it had a ball separator attached and
when he fastened it he place a ten pound weight on my balls, pulling
them further down, and causing my cock to point towards the floor.  He
grabbed some nipple clamps and placed them on me adding two-pound
weights, now I was in pain, but he told me to remain standing at parade
rest, with my legs apart and my chest out.
He told me that he had a little entertainment planned for Wednesday
night and that I would be a featured player in it, that he hoped to use
it as a dress rehearsal for part of the festivities he was going to have
when he hosted a group of ranking officers in two weeks.
I could only listen and hope that he meant for me to give them a
gymnastic exhibition.

He then went about some other business and after about an hour when my
muscles were beginning to cramp and the weights were getting to me, he
came over removed the weights and the nipple clamps.  He made a phone
call and then removed the ball stretcher and separator from me.  I
stifled moans as the blood had rushed back into my nipples and my balls
began to return to normal.  He dismissed me telling me to be there by
1900 on Wednesday.

When Wednesday came I hurried down to shower, and get the stubble off my
body and dress eat and get over to the general's building.  I went to
the gym and Song-San told me I was to do a series of routines in the
nude per the general's instructions.  I disrobed and we waited.  He soon
came in accompanied by several other officers and some men I had never
seen before, but Song-San told me they were special visitors.

I did the routines he had asked for and then they left after
congratulating on my performance.  I thought my time was up, but one of
the officers remained and said he would escort me to the next phase of
the entertainment.

We went to a part of the building I had not been in before and entered a
room, which was fairly large with theatre seating and a stage at the far
end.  I was told to go up on the stage and stand at the edge, right in
the middle.
Soon the people began to file in and take seats in the front rows.  The
general told me to go to a table which I had noticed at the back of the
stage to pick up a wide steel cock ring, come back to the edge of the
stage and put it on.  I pulled first one ball and then the other through
the ring and bending my cock, which fortunately was soft, was able to
pull it through as well.  This made my cock and balls bulge out in front
of me.

The stage was equipped like a dungeon with padded tables, stocks,
slings, and chains hanging from the ceiling and eyebolts in the floor.
One wall had whips, chains, belts and other equipment covering it.  The
table where I had picked up the cock ring was covered with dildoes, butt
plugs, clothespins, tit clamps, ball harnesses and spreaders, as well as
ankle and wrist restraints.
I noticed that his aide-de-camp had come out on the stage with me and
that he also was naked.  I wondered what was going on.  The general
said: "You are the main show, my aide will help you.  You will use
whatever he gives you and at times I will direct you, but first turn
around and show the audience your ass."
When I had done so and turned the aide handed me a ball harness and I
pulled my scrotum through the harness attaching it around my nuts.  It
had chains hanging from it and now I was handed two five-pound weights
to attach to the chains.  The aide then told me to spread my legs and
pulling the weights back let them go so they swung back and forth
between my legs.  He then handed me some tit clamps, I noticed they had
jagged teeth and most reluctantly attached them to the teats of my
nipples, writhing as the pain hit me, causing the weights to swing even
more.  The aide then adjusted the screws of the clamps so that they
pinched to their maximum.  The audience clapped in approval as my cock
began to get hard.

A tall stool was placed next to me and I was instructed to sit on it.
As I sat my weighted balls stretched over the edge of the stool.  I was
given an ankle restraint, which I attached to my left ankle, next came a
2-pound weight, which I had to add to the chain on the ball harness,
pulling them down even more.  I was then given a restraint for the right
ankle which I carefully put on so as not to fall off the stool.  I was
given a restraint for my right wrist and while I was putting it on, to
the great amusement of my audience the aide placed the other wrist
restrain over my upright cock, I retrieved it and put it on wrist where
it belonged.  The aide now grabbed my arms and pulling my wrists behind
my back connected them.  He reached around and was rubbing his thumb
over the crown of my cock.  I was left there for a while and then was
released and moved over to the table, facing the table with my back and
ass to the audience I was handed a series of dildoes, each one larger
than the other and told to fuck myself with them.  This went on until I
felt my asshole must be stretched wide open.
But the worst was yet to come. I was told to get up on the table and a
large very fat butt plug and some lube were put between my legs, and I
was told to sit on the plug.  I appealed to Park: "Please sir, it will
tear me apart."  Only to be told to take my time, use as much lube as I
needed but to give them a good show and get it completely inside me. I
struggled, I started and stopped, bit by bit I fucked myself on the
plug, my face was contorting in pain, the weights on my balls were
banging on the surface of the table.  I finally took a final great
plunge and screamed as my body weight forced the plug inside me.
I was gasping and my chest heaving, I had never had anything so large in
me, not even when I had been double fucked.  The effort to sit on and
insert the plug had been exhausting and I was unaware of the situation
and the audience, but the aide soon brought me back to reality as he
came over and ran his hands over my body.  I began to feel the
sensations invading my body in addition to the throbbing of my rectal
muscles.  The aide pulled on the chain connecting the nipple clamps,
causing me to notice the pain in my nipples; he then took the weights
between my legs and pulled them upward reviving the dull ache in my
balls and the stretching of my scrotum.  I then became aware of the
cheering audience and in spite of my pain felt that I had accomplished
something, and felt as if I had done my best.

But Park wanted more.  The aid pulled me up and to my feet, I was afraid
the plug would shoot out and embarrass me, but it soon became apparent
that it would take as much to get it out as it took to get it in.  I was
helped down off the table and staggered a bit as the weights were
swinging between my legs. I was led over to a padded incline bench.  It
was an adjustable bench, and as I sat down I realized that nearly my
full body weight was shoving that damn plug inside me.  My wrists were
pulled back and with a simple link connected to behind the bench.  This
strained my pectoral muscles and pushed my clamped tits forward even
though I was leaning back against the bench.  The seat was so narrow
that my weighted balls hung free between my thighs.

I waited to see what would happen next and was really surprised.  Four
naked men came in grabbed the generals aide-de-camp, I could see the
shock on his face as they dragged him over to where chains were hanging
from the ceiling and putting wrist restraints on him fastened him to the
chains and hoisted him until his feet were barely touching the ground.
Then spreading his legs they secured him to eyebolts in the floor.  They
moved over to the table and picked up several items, came back to him
and place nipple clamps on him with heavy weights and a ball harness
with what I could tell were two ten-pound weights.  I wondered what he
had done to deserve this.  General Park spoke up and said: "Now you will
see what happens when someone is slow in getting things done for me."
He motioned to the four and they got a large tub of lube and one of them
began to massage the asshole of the aide working first one then two
fingers in, after a while he stuck a third finger in and then a fourth.
With  a nod from the general he then was trying to force his whole hand
up the ass. Another was adding additional weights to the tits and balls
of the aide as he screamed and writhed in his bounds, making the weights
swing causing more pain.  When the one working on his ass had his whole
hand in Park told him to keep shoving it in until he could feel the
prostate and then to massage it, and to twist his hand and arm back and
forth.

They now took a rope and attached it to the ball harness and ran it
through an eyebolt on the floor, releasing some of the tension in the
chains holding his wrists up they forced him by pulling on the rope to
squat to take the strain off his balls.  This meant he could stand up to
release the strain on his thighs but would stretch his balls
murderously.  The one who had his fist up the ass withdrew it and picked
up a whip as did the other three and he was flogged all over his body.
Then the rope from his balls was removed and attached to his ankles.  I
this position he was raised into the air, so hat he had to keep control
of his aching thighs and legs to prevent damage to his testicles while
the flogging focused on his buttocks, tits and cock.  He was suffering
and even I felt sorry for him.

Suddenly Park clapped his hands, the stage went dark, and I could see
the audience leaving.  When everyone had gone, the four who had captured
the aide, first came over and released me, removing the ankle and wrist
restraints, then the weights, and the tit clamps and ball harness.  I
groaned as blood rushed into areas, which had been denied for so long.
One of them had me kneel over the padded bench and said: "Let's get rid
of this monster, you push and I will pull and we will find something
better to go inside of you.

He rubbed my back and thighs, palmed and squeezed my buttocks, reaching
from time to time between my legs to squeeze my cock.  Finally keeping
one hand on my cock he grasped the base of the plug, but instead of
pulling it out, he twisted it first clockwise then counter-clockwise,
over and over tugging slightly each time.  I began to moan.  He
continued to twist and turn and tug at the plug while stroking my cock.
"Feels good, doesn't it , Lieutenant?"  I could only moan in pleasure.
He then coached me to push out while he pulled and after a minute or two
the plug came free and was dropped into a nearby pail.  He rubbed my ass
cheeks and then helped me to stand and, holding onto my cock led me into
another room where he proceeded to fuck my sore ass. I never did see who
released the aide-de-camp, but was sure he had learned a lesson the hard
way.
I painfully made my way back to the gym, used their shower and then sat
in a hot pool, which did held to assuage my aching ass.  I finally
dressed and made my way home, wondering how I could get out of the
general's command performance.  I thought I would do almost anything to
miss it as was afraid tonight might be mild compared to what he may have
in mind.

The next day I worked out gingerly, as I was still sore and stiff,
Song-San worked salves and lotions into my body and asshole, which did
much to relieve my nagging pains, and told me my ass would return to
normal and that no harm had been done, but not to make a practice of
such things.  I could only stare at him, did he think I wanted these
things to happen, or did he just not want to acknowledge what was being
done to me.  I surmised I would never know.
On my way out I saw the general's aide-de-camp, who gave me a faint
smile, but I could see that he still wore the aiguillette and insignia
showing he was an aide  to a  general.  I just hoped he was now out of
trouble, but knew he was in for something at the future planned
festivities.  God, how could I get out of them?
I continued to practice my gymnastics, but did not see the general, for
which I was most happy.

Had a pleasant weekend, a bunch of us went swimming and it was
interesting to see that several of the men had shaved their cock and
balls, when I asked why, they said it was nicer in the heat and
humidity, as the sweat just rolled off and did not collect in the hairs,
also it was best to go without underwear to catch the sweat in all this
humidity, will be interesting to see if this becomes a general
practice.  The shaving really makes the cock and balls seem bigger and
those who have done it, seem to be walking with their genitals thrust
out just a wee bit.

Monday, Dick Brock asked me if I would like to go with him.  He was
going to fly to Pusan to pick up some things, then up to Taegu for the
mail and back.  Sounded like a good trip so said I would love to go.
Instead of one of the trainers we took a cub and could sit side by side
in the cockpit, and it had more storage room.  We had an uneventful
flight, Dick let me fly for a couple of the legs and after we passed
ChinJu on the way home and it was becoming bumping did he take over.
About two miles out we began to hit some real turbulence and he asked
the tower what it was like at the field and would he be able to land,
they said it was gusting, but should be ok, and that they were scanning
the sky for us with binoculars and soon said they had us in sight.  Dick
turned the plane for the straight approach for landing and calling the
tower said we were coming in, they answered they had us on visual and
would watch us in.  Dick started to say something to me and that was the
last I remembered.

Later I was informed of the following:
The tower said it looked as if a giant hand had just slammed the plane
into the ground, and they called for a fire engine and ambulance to race
to the end of the runway and out to where they thought we were.

Then they informed Col. Crane of what had happened and he came down to
the flight line to be there when they brought us in
.
It seems the plane had gone down and flipped onto the right side,
pinning me in, my glasses had shattered and pieces of glass were in my
face and around my eyes, some of the framework had gouged into me, and I
was out of it.  Dick was also unconscious and both of us were hanging
upside down in the plane.
They got Dick out easily, but had to use a winch to pull the plane up
some so they could pry open my door and get me out.  They put us in the
ambulance and back to the base.

Our medic did the best he could, but Dick had a broken arm and maybe a
concussion, and he did not feel confident in taking care of injuries and
he felt for sure I had a concussion.

Colonel Crane got one of the small passenger planes and he and Major
Castle flew Dick and me to the hospital in Pusan.  Alex came along to
hold me up in the seat, and the medic came sitting with Dick.

The next thing I remembered after Dick starting to say something to me
was waking up in complete darkness and not being able to move my hands.
I realized they were strapped down and started to shout out.  I head
Alex's voice say: "Quiet laddie, all wi be well."  Then they explained
what had happened, and that the doctors had removed the splinters of
glass from my forehead and face around my eyes, and patched up a couple
of bad places on my right cheek.  They had to bandage both eyes for the
time being, and had put the restraints on me as they did not me to claw
at the bandages when I woke up.

I found out that I had been there two days and they had kept me sedated
while they worked on me. Dick had his arm put in a cast and was to fly
back with Col. Crane, Major Castle and the medic latter today.  Col.
Crane wanted to talk to me before he left, but that Alex would stay on
for a few more days.
Latter in the day Col. Crane, Major Castle and a doctor came in to talk
to me,  the doctor said things were looking good and that it appeared no
major damage had been done, that they could not repair.  I was to stay
there for several more days while they monitored the healing of what
they had done, and do some more reconstructive surgery. Then I could go
back and would have to return a couple more times to have more work done
on the right cheek.

Col. Crane and Major Castle were most solicitous in wanting to know if
there was anything I wanted or needed.  Being groggy and partly out of
it I could only say turn back the clock and not have this happen.  Then
I asked about my clothes and personal items I might need.  Col. Crane
said Alex was buying any personal items I might need and he would take
the flight suit and underwear I was wearing back with them and send over
clean clothes when the plane came to take Alex back.  I might be there a
few days after Alex left but they would see I had the things  I needed.
They asked where the copy of my prescription for my glasses could be
found so they could get it over and then new glasses could be obtained
for me.  I told them where to look and thanked them.  Then squeezing my
hands Crane and Castle took their leave of me.

As lay there, I thought be careful what you wish for.  I knew now I
would not be part of Park's entertainment, but at such a price.  I would
lose all I had been able to regain as far as my gymnastics were
concerned, and would I ever be able to get back to them.  In spite of
what the doctor said I wondered what I looked like and if my eyes were
truly ok, in the darkness I could imagine all kinds of things, and could
feel tears roll down my cheeks.  At least I could still cry.  A nurse
must have come by as I heard a soft voice saying it would be all right,
and felt a prick in my arm, I felt as if I were floating on clouds and
drifted off into a deep slumber.

Want more?  Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Wed, 28 Jan 2004 10:38:20 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 10

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 10

I was not sorry to see the last of Pusan, as we left it behind us, and
flying low after I while could see the remains of the Pusan perimeter
trench.  Once again I was struck by how shallow it was and how close the
North Koreans had come to taking the entire peninsula.

Taking a sharp turn we flew down to the coast line and Maj. Castle let
me fly the plane and land at ChinHae where were going to pickup some
mail.  From there on home it was through and above some mountains I had
not flown in before so he took over and in a short time we were coming
in for our landing.
The place looked the same, only better to me.  Here were friends, and
while I had made acquaintances in Pusan, there was nothing to compare
with the people I knew here.

The jeep driver who came to get us, told me that Lt. Col. Crane would
like to see me after I had gotten things squared away.  Took my suitcase
to my area, got it emptied and the clean things put away, put the soiled
things in a stack for Jim-San the houseboy to get to the laundry for me.

Stopped by the office and told my sergeant that after seeing Crane would
be back to get settled in again.  He informed things had gone well, and
there really was not too much to catch me up on, and to tell me he was
glad to see me back.
Went over to headquarters and signed in as back from TDY, the first
sergeant, asked me to wait a moment while the checked to see if the
colonel was free to see me.  Knew this was more of a formality than
anything else, as there were very few times the colonel in charge of the
unit was ever tied up.
First soon came back and said that Col. Crane would see me now.  I went
into his office and standing at attention reported to him.  He said: "At
ease", and motioned for me to sit down.

I got a good look at him.  He was about my height, but weighed a bit
more, he had a very pleasant face, and I liked the laugh lines I could
see in it.  After, asking how the TDY went and some talk in which I
could see he was asking questions to find out about me we ended up going
over to the mess for some coffee.  We continued our conversation, and
then he ended it by telling me he had a letter for me from Col.
Sheffield, as well as one to himself that Sheffield had requested him to
wait and read after I returned.  He also told me there had been some
talks in Taegu on our mission and he would discuss this with me after we
had read the letters.  He asked if it would be convenient for me to come
to his quarters around 1900 and I answered in the affirmative.
After leaving him I went to my office and it only took a short time to
bring me up to date on what had happened while I was gone, everything
was running smoothly, and I was really glad I had been blessed with such
sergeants in the areas of my responsibility.

The one person I really wanted to see was Alex, and my cock was just
twitching thinking about him.  But I did not get to see him until
dinner, and then it was in the company of 10 others, we did walk back to
the barracks together, and he said that after I saw Crane we would go
get a drink.
Knocking on Col. Crane's door he let me in, his room was rather warm as
the windows were up high, and he really could not leave his door open as
his end of the barracks faced the main road and anyone could see in.  He
was dressed in a pair of shorts, and I could see that though he might be
a bit overweight he had kept his body in good condition. I supposed
being a pilot he liked to keep in top condition.  This seemed to be a
trait with  all of them.
I had dressed in civvies after dinner, and he told me to make myself
comfortable, I did undo the buttons on my shirt and pull the tails out
letting what little air there was hit my skin.

He gave me my letter and sat down to read his.  Sheffield had thanked me
for all, which I had done to further the mission of the unit, and said
that he had discussed certain changes in our mission with Col.Fellows
and Lt. Col. Crane, and while he did not know if they could get the
changes made or not they at least agreed to try, and the Crane would
tell me about the discussion.
When I had finished I noticed Col. Crane was still reading, and I began
to wonder just what Sheffield had written as it was several pages longer
than mine.  Finally he looked up at me, shook his head and said: "This
is even more than what he verbally told me, and I have to admire you for
doing it and being a credit to us."

He then asked me if I would mind opening my shirt so he could see my
nipples, a pulled the shirt back baring all of my chest and he came over
and looked at my nipples, could see where they were puffy and gently ran
a fingernail over each causing me to slightly moan, as they were still
tender from all I had been put through.  He then surprised me by putting
his mouth down and gently sucking my right nipple.  I could not help
myself and my cock began to swell and push out my pant leg, his hand
moved down to my crotch and he gently squeezed my cock and balls. Then
abruptly stopping said we needed to a discuss what had been said on our
mission statement.

The statement read in part: "The mission of this organization if to
organize, train and equip a Republic of Korea Air Force.  In so doing we
must be active in their training and to assist them in any way which the
Commanding Officer of the base requests  Any and all requests made by
the Commanding Officer of the base will be granted."

It was discussed that the statement be amended to exclude or modify the
sentence Any and all requests made by the Commanding Officer of the base
will be granted.  It was not sure if they could get this through in time
to stop some of the things happening to me, but they would do their best
and see what happened.  He further told me to keep him informed on what
was going on, that General Park was in Seoul until the Monday after next
Monday, which meant a little over a week, and that his door was always
open to me.

I thanked him, buttoned  my shirt and tucked it in before leaving.  On
the way out I could not help but notice a rise in his shorts.  I
wondered just what might happen with him, but thinking of Alex made my
way swiftly to get my drink with him.

We found a corner table and were able to talk without interruption, he
inquired if I had undeveloped film with me and finding out I had,
suggested I sign up for the darkroom tomorrow night, figuring it would
be the only place we could really get together.  I agreed and we left
the club and walked down to the special services hut where I signed up
for the next night, also for two hours on Sunday morning and Alex signed
up for the next two, giving us a four hour time block on Sunday.  Since
no one was around I took the opportunity to grab Alex's head and bring
it to me for a long and soul satisfying kiss.  Not good we could feel
each other's cocks rising up, mine in my pants and his in his kilt.  I
took a chance and went on my knees, lifting his kilt licked and sucked
his cock and balls before plunging my mouth down his shaft, not stopping
until I could no further.  My cock was tight and pressing inside my
clothes, so undoing buttons on my pants and pulling my cock out where it
could expand in comfort I continued my ministrations on Alex's velvet
shaft.  He was soon moaning and thrusting his hips as I sucked on him
and then crying out he unloaded into my mouth his most sweet tasting and
life giving sperm.  It was too much for me, my cock exploded and my cum
hit his leg, after licking and cleaning his cock, I moved to his leg and
licked my own cooling ism from his leg.  He pulled me up and kissed me
deeply, tasting the remnants of his own and my cum in mouth.

"Laddie, I ha missed ya."  He  whispered into my ear, I answered back
that I had missed and wanted him everyday I was gone, and was just glad
to be back where I could see, touch, smell and taste him.  I again
pressed my lips to his and we kissed long and hard before deciding it
would be best to return up the hill to the club for a final drink.

The next day I sent word to Song-San that I would be up to work out, and
immediately after 1700 went up to the gym.  I had changed into fatigues
and a jock so was ready to work out once I shucked the fatigues.  I
explained to Song that I had some of my muscles pulled while in Pusan,
and would not be working out on the bars for a few days, and we would
see how the rings and horse went.  The floor exercises did not bother
me, nor did the balance beam, so tried the horse, there was a slight
discomfort, but nothing I could not handle so did a couple of routines
and decided what I really needed was to get my muscles loosened up.
Worked out on the rings, but was not ready to give the bars a try, so
dressed, went back, grabbed a towel, showered, dressed and went to dinner.
Went over some of the mail from home, and got several letters answered,
then noticed it was about time for block in the darkroom, so stripped
down, put on fatigues and grabbing a couple of rolls of film, set off.

After I had been in the darkroom a few minutes I heard a rap on the
door, and Alex whispering who it was.  I had been there long enough to
get out of all my clothes and lay the fatigues on the floor to mitigate
the cement floor.  He stepped, we locked the door and he dropped his
shirt and kilt on top of my fatigues and also a towel he had the
foresight to bring.

He moved a hand to the side of my face, as he turned it and leaning to
me placed his lips on mine.  He pressed hard and began pushing his
tongue between the lips and into my mouth.  He stopped kissing me, but
his hand was still touching the side of my face as he drew it along the
curve of my jaw.  He leaned in again, and as his lips parted I moved my
head to meet him and met his lips with mine.  We began to kiss urgently;
his tongue was pressing into my mouth and flicking across my lips.  His
warm tongue began to fill my mouth and I returned his advances searching
the hot wetness of his mouth with my tongue.  We took turns sucking each
other's tongues into our mouths, feeling the warmth spread down our
bodies and settling in our crotches.  Our cocks began to push against
him and I lowered my arms to grab his ass and pull him closer to me.
Our hard cocks slapping against each other.

Pushing me down and tossing his shirt to one side we lay on the towel on
top of the clothes. He began licking and kissing my neck under the chin
and began moving downward until he found my left nipple.  He ran his
tongue around the tender flesh of my tit and nipped the erect bud with
his teeth.   Spasms of pleasure shook my body and each little bit on my
nipple caused my cock to jump and pulse.  I began to moan as he moved
his mouth to the right nipple and began the same ministrations to it.
His hand slid down between our bodies, stopping only when he hit the
head of my cock.

Alex continued the assaults on my nipples, alternating from one to the
other as the nibbling began getting a wee bit harder each time.  Soon he
started to chew a little harder which was causing me to arch up and
press my cock against his in ever-increasing waves of pleasure.  My
hands left my sides and I began stroking his back, pulling him tightly
against him and pulling him up so we could kiss.  I ran my hands through
his hair and tried to pull his tongue to the back of my throat with my
mouth.  His moans and mine were getting louder, and I was glad the
building was isolated.

He pulled back and I took each of his nipples between m fingers and
thumbs giving them a gentle squeeze, his head thrashed from side to side
as I applied more pressure to the tits.  After a few minutes he pushed
me away and bent his head to my raging iron hard-on.  His tongue flicked
out of his mouth and lapped at the precum at the slit of my cock.  He
moved his head back and encircled the head of my cock with his hot
mouth, and his tongue began to swirl around the head.  His mouth gave a
gentle suction and I could feel the precum leaking from my cock.

Alex used one of his hands to hold the base of my cock as he mouth and
tongue moved lower and lower on my pulsing throbbing rod.  Soon he moved
his hand to cup my balls, pulling them lower, causing my dick to bend
downwards.  With this angle he was able to get more of me in his mouth
and throat, and I soon felt his lips on my pubes.  The movements of his
throat were massaging the head of my cock.  He began to pull his head
back, sucking and swirling his tongue until he reached top of my
cockhead, and then back down again, he continued this getting into a
cadence that sent waves of ecstasy rushing through my body. One hand
continued to massage my balls while the other gripped a nipple and
worked on the tender nub.  He timed it so the pressure on my tit
coincided with the pressure on my cockhead as it entered his throat.  My
breath began to come in gasps and I knew I was about to cum.

Alex must have known I was close as the balls in his hand were pulling
up and added encouraging pressure.  I wanted this feeling to never end
but was powerless to stop my body from reacting and my cockhead expanded
and the first spasm started with a spurt of my cum shooting into his hot
mouth.  With each spurt my cockhead became more and more sensitive, but
Alex did not stop the sucking and the swirling of his tongue as my balls
emptied into his rapacious mouth.  He was swallowing as quickly as
possible, but some of my cum leaked from the corners of his mouth and
ran down my shaft.  My cockhead was so sensitive I wanted him to stop,
but he only moved and started to work on my shaft and licking my balls.

Finally raising up he put his hand on the back of my head and pulled my
face to his, locking his lips on mine and forcing his tongue into my
mouth.  I sucked his tongue deep into my mouth and swirled my tongue
around it.  As we were hungrily kissing I felt his other hand slide down
between my ass cheeks and start to rub my hole with his fingers.

He once again moved to my neck and then my nipples, there was nothing
gentle in his attack as he worked my nipples with little bites and
worked his fingers in my ass.  He reared back and grabbed my legs
lifting them above and dove his fact into my ass.  When his tongue
touched my hole I bean to quiver from the sensations coursing through my
body.  He licked all around my hole and stabbed his tongue into it.  He
then moved his fingers closed and started pulling it open sideways,
getting me ready for his big hard cock.

I was getting hotter by the moment.  I had missed this man for a month
and now wanted as much of him inside of me as was possible.  Placing my
legs on his shoulders, he pushed his cockhead into my asshole.  My ass
lips were hungry for this man and I pushed back at him until I felt his
balls hit my ass. He then started fucking me in long and slow strokes,
sliding his cock all the way in and out until just the head was inside
clutched tightly by my asshole muscles.  He fucked slowly for a few
minutes and then speeded up, until I was thrashing on the towel beneath
us.  As he fucked into me he was moving his cock up and down, side to
side working my hole and giving me incredible sensations.  I was getting
the fuck I had dreamed of for a month, and found myself lifting myself
up to meet his strokes, clenching my hole to give more pleasure to us
both.  He slammed into me and stopped, flexing his cock and moving my
legs placed me on my side.  He leaned over and spread the top ass cheek
upward so he could press more of his cock into me.  He continued his
fuck of slow, hard strokes, sometime pulling completely out and then
plunging back to the hilt.  I was loving this fuck and was moaning with
pleasure as his cock moved in and out of me.  I knew he was getting
close because he was panting faster and faster as he fucked me.  His
balls were pulled up in his sac, slapping my ass as he drove in.
Reaching back I spread my ass cheeks as wide as I could with both
hands.  He was fucking me faster and faster and when he started to come
bit down on my shoulder and shoved his hard cock as far as he could into
my quivering ass.  I clenched my ass even harder while he was unloading
inside of me, and after several minutes he began to slow fuck me to milk
the last of his cum from his cock.  When he finally stopped I shifted so
I was on my back and looked at the man I knew I loved, but one day would
lose.

We lay there quietly and when our passion had subsided, I looked at my
watch and saw we had used up almost all my block of time.  Enlisting
Alex's help I quickly printed some negatives I had brought and he put
them in the developer, while they were processing we used the towel to
wipe our bodies and then dressed.  As the pictures came out of the
developer we finished the washing process and hung them up to dry.  They
were everyday type pictures that I could leave.  It would give the
impression we had done a roll of film, even though the undeveloped rolls
went back into my pocket to be done on Saturday.

Leaving the dark room we went back to the barracks grabbed towels and
went to shower, the shower was empty, so we took our time and he shaved
the stubble from my body.  We dressed, this time I was in civvies and
taking our towels back, we then went to the club and joined several of
the others in casual conversation.
Finally going to bed, I was happy and contented, and knew as long as
Alex was there to give his special brand of love, I could take whatever
Park could dish out.  For the first time in quite a while I had a deep
and dreamless sleep, waking up completely refreshed and looking forward
to the day.

It being Sunday I went over to the gym and made arrangements with
Song-San to spend an hour in the morning and two in the afternoon,
working out.  It had been over a month since I had really done much in
the way of gymnastics and so was a little out of shape, as well as my
muscles still a little tender from the stakeout with the leather
thongs.  Song put me through some basic exercises for the first hour and
sent me off.

I hurried back as had a darkroom appointment with Alex and did not want
to miss any of it.  Got my film and went to the darkroom, this time we
decided we would get the film processed so put in the developer and set
the timer before we came together.

We slowly undressed each other, savoring each moment as more and more of
the other's body came into view.  When we were fully naked Alex pulled
me to him so that our chests touched, and our arms embraced each other.
Very slowly we came together in a kiss. Alex moved his mouth across my
face toward my ear and neck, planting small kisses as he worked his
way.  When he reached my ear it was an assault on my senses and I could
feel my body pulse with my heartbeats, each one sending more and more
blood to my straining cock.  Our two cocks sparred with each other,
heads rubbing against each other, and the warmth of our bodies and the
room bringing a slight damp feeling as the sweat began to form on our
bodies.  The feelings caused me to grind my chest, stomach and cock
against Alex as his hands roamed lower and lower on my back, finally
reaching the two mounds of my buttocks.

Then the damn timer rang.  We separated and took care of the film and
put it in the next bath, waited, caressing each other as the film was
being processed, and then when we put it in the final rinse and hung it
up to dry we returned to exploring each other's bodies.

I looked at Alex and slowly sank to my knees, taking his cock into my
mouth; I loved the feel of his hardness and the rounded head sliding in
my mouth and over my tongue.  I worked to get as much as I could in my
mouth and then moved down to suck his balls one by one into my mouth and
after laving them for a while gave them little love bites, until he
began to moan.

I moved back to his cock, moving rhythmically, slowly, sliding my tongue
and mouth around his cock.  Every three or four strokes would being a
taste of precum to my mouth.  He had both hands in my hair slightly
guiding me as I continued to suck.  He reached down and pulled me up and
then we arranged our clothes on the cement floor, once again he had
remembered to bring a towel.
We lay head to toe and each took the other's cock and began the slow
sensuous sucking.  Alternate sounds of slurps and moans generated from
us as we moved together.

Continuing to suck my hands moved to Alex's ass feeling and squeezing
the firm flesh. From this angle I could pull his cheeks apart and almost
see his hole.  Wetting a finger next to his cock I reached back and
lightly began to touch the puckered opening.  Pushing my finger in I got
a reaction as Alex moaned around my cock and was squeezing his asshole
closed and then opens as my finger played with it.

I pulled my cock from his mouth and turning knelt between his legs and
inserted by hard cock into his willing asshole.  I began to fuck him
long and deep, and slowly.  Then my speed increased, had been too long
since I had fucked someone with an ass that had muscles which worked my
cock over like his was doing to me.  Finally shoving my cock in as deep
as I could I threw back my head and shot my cum into his ass, he used
his muscles to milk my cock clean and when it came out, he moved around
and gently licked and sucked it clean.

I lay there content and happy with his arms around me.  Then turning me
on my back, lifting my legs, he pressed his face to my ass, licking and
then teasing my asshole.  When he felt he had sufficiently lubed my hole
with this spit he moved his cock to my opening and pushed, he teased me
for a long thirty seconds before he was fully inserted into me and began
to pull out just barely before pushing back in.  Finally after trying
different strokes he settled at a steady pace and it was not long until
he had me moaning with pleasure as his cock slid smoothly in and out of
ass and I was using my ass muscles to squeeze his cock on its strokes.
He grabbed my legs pushing them even further apart as he drove into me,
by his breathing and his furious strokes in and out I could tell he was
about ready to come.  He threw his head back and stretching my legs as
far apart as he could to really get deep into me, I could feel his cock
expand and contract as he shot his cum deep into me.  He let my legs
down and lay down on my chest, kissing me and murmuring how much he
liked me.

I fantasized briefly in my mind, what it would be like for us to be a
couple, knowing that what we had was more than just sex, there were too
many emotions for both us. But I also knew that this would someday end,
and tears seeped down my cheeks.  Alex, seeing the tears, asked if he
had hurt me, and I laughingly replied that they were tears of happiness.

We lay there basking in each other's embraces for a while then got up
and finished up the developing and printing process which was our reason
for being there, playing with each other's nipples, ass and cock in the
process, and finally ending up with a most mutual and satisfying 69
before dressing and leaving the darkroom.

The morning was gone, so had lunch, wrote some letters and it was tiime
to go meet with Song -San  When I got there he really began working me
out, and soon had me doing routines on all the equipment.  He put me
through my paces, but I was feeling pretty good as my muscles were
loosening up and I was getting back in the routine.    He was keeping
close watch on me, and would check after and sometime during an exercise
to see how I was doing and how my muscles felt.  While a little sore,
did not feel it was anything to worry about and it was nice just to
clear my mind and think only of the next maneuver and how it execute it.
He let me use up almost all of the two hours before he called a halt,
and then
we set up a training program for the week and I left to shower and get
cleaned up.

Walked back and felt refreshed from the workout, wandered down to the
tower and visited with my friend working there and looked out over the
runway to the ocean shimmering in the distance.  Felt for a change that
all was right with my world, at least for the time being.

After dinner  went to the club and a table was looking for a fourth in
bridge, so I volunteered, especially when it appeared the MacGregor
might be my partner.
Was a nice evening and Alex and I actually won all of one dollar from
our opponents.  It helped pass the time and I was ready for bed.
Had a good night's rest and I was looking forward to a nice week.

Want more?  Comments: afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2004 10:13:46 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 9

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I now also need to add my thanks to all those who have written and
encouraged me.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 9

When I got in my room I stripped off my clothes and fell into bed to
sleep.  It was fitful as dreams of what had happened to me the past two
days kept intruding.  I finally got up about 1630, looked at my body and
saw that the lotions they had put on me had pretty much cleared up the
signs of the waxing, however, where the clothespins had been placed on
me and whipped off, it looked as if I had been bitten by hundreds of
mosquitoes.
I went to the shower, and was happy to see no one there, took a good hot
shower, dried and then used some of the lotion they had given on my
front where the waxing had been.  Especially on my nipples, cock and
balls.  Dressed and went to eat dinner, then back to try and get a good
nights sleep, after taking some of the pills I had been given.
Felt rested, but a little sore when my alarm went off, but was nothing I
could not handle, as long as I had the pain pills with me.

Shortly after lunch one of the Korean sergeants came in and said we
needed to go shopping and told me how much won I would need, we went to
the Officer's Club where I exchanged our script for the won.  I had
asked why we needed to go shopping and he said big rains were coming and
I needed to be prepared.

The driver of the jeep took us into Pusan proper and to what I thought
was a seedy part of town.  But with all the destruction during the war,
could not really judge.  We walked down an alley to a little store, and
going in saw it was full of rubber goods.  He spoke to the man there and
he left returning with several pair of rubber Korean boots, which came
up to mid calf, and some raincoats.  I found a pair of boots, which fit,
and then tried on the raincoats.  The raincoats were black, made of a
thin rubber with a cloth lining.  The sergeant told me it would keep the
rain from my uniforms and that the raincoat I had would not do the job.
I believed him and paying for the goods drove back to the base.
I noticed on the drive back that clouds were rolling in, and one point
where we could see the ocean it looked like the waves were getting
bigger as they hit the shore.

When we got back my sergeant said he was glad that I was now prepared
for the storm.
When I asked what storm, he informed that we might be in for a typhoon,
as it was the season.  Looking at him I asked: "And just how would you
know."  Grinning at me he said: "The radio, they are telling the United
Nations troops to batten down."  I felt like a fool.

By the time I left at 1700, the rain had started to fall and the winds
were really picking up. Put on the raincoat and carrying my boots went
to my room.  When I was ready to go eat the rain was quite steady and
the wind was blowing it around.  Noticed as it hit my face that it was
not cold rain I was used to but rather tepid, but it still stung when it
hit.
On the way back after eating, I could see the reason for the boots,
several of the men were wearing them as the ground was becoming a soggy
mess.  I spent a good hour cleaning and polishing my shoes when I got
home, and just hope they dried out all right.
The rain and the wind made sleeping fitful as the windblown rain sounded
like hailstones on the metal building.

I got up the next morning, feeling under like I was under water, the
humidity was so high, and the entire world around me was covered in
sheets of rain.  I heard a honking outside and opening the door saw my
jeep and driver.  I put on my boots and raincoat and ran to the jeep.
They had put the canvas top and sides up, but the rain still came in the
cracks.  But I was just glad I did not have to walk in the downpour. One
of the Koreans went out and got us lunch, so we did not have to leave
the building and I was most grateful.
When quitting time came, I had my driver take me to the club, where I
had an early dinner and he came back about 1900 to pick me up and take
me to my room.

The full-blown typhoon never did hit us, but what we got was bad enough
and lasted all week.  I was thankful for my driver and the consideration
all had shown me.  The packed dirt in our area had turned into a pudding
like consistency and you sank into it wherever you stepped.  I know
could see the reason for the boots and they were easily washed off and
required little upkeep.

I thought that with the rain and the condition of the roads and all that
this might be a free weekend, as I knew it would be my last.  I was to
be relieved the following Wednesday, weather permitting.

As I left the building my heart sank, there was the car waiting for me.
After changing, but putting the raincoat and boots back on I got in the
car.  This time I was not blindfolded, the rain ran down the windows
obscuring my sight of the outside.  The trip seemed shorter, apparently
before he had wound around the city, today we headed straight to where
we were going.  I surmised it was to the northeast in the mountains.
The roads were bad and he had a hard time with the car, but kept it on
the road.  We finally arrived and I was taken to the now familiar
dungeon room, stripped and hung by my wrists from the ceiling, a
spreader bar put between my legs and left where I could still stand on
the floor.

I noticed the two captains and the brothers were still with us, as they
were bound in most uncomfortable positions on the floor.

A couple of guards came in and going over to the brothers unbound them
and then stretched them out on St Andrews's crosses.  A kindly looking
older gentleman came in and was carrying something rolled up under his
arm.  The guards moved a table over by the older brother and the older
man put down his bundle, unwrapped it and I could see that it was an
array of what appeared to be very long, thin needles.  The guards spoke
to the older brother and apparently did not like his response and they
immediately placed nipple clamps with chains attached to each nipple.
The brother screamed out and was rewarded with a knee to his balls.  He
gulped and moaned.  One of the guards took the chain on the right nipple
clamp and pulled it out, so that the nipple and the surrounding area
were pulled out away from the body.  The older man, picked up a needle
and then having the other guard hold the brother steady he drove the
needle horizontally through the skin and muscle behind the nipple until
the other end was visible.  Once again the bother was questioned and
gave the wrong answer, this time a needle pierced the base of his left
nipple.  After each needle he was questioned and never gave the right
answer.  I watched as needles were inserted vertically behind the
nipples and then needles placed running left to right and right to left
between the horizontal and vertical needles.  I could see drops of blood
on his chest, but still would not give them the answer they wanted.
They now kneeled and pulling his balls down in the sack, I watched as
needles were inserted through the scrotum so they separated the balls, I
counted at least eight that I could see.  Still he remained obstinate.
I do not think I could have stood to have that done to me.  They now
continued holding his cock up and out needles were placed about every
half inch though the skin on the upper side and then repeated on the
lower side of the cock.  He was moaning and groaning when they held his
cock very steady and the old man shoved a needle through the head of the
cock just below the glans.  The brother screamed and seemed to faint,
ignoring him the old man ran another needle through the cock head so
that they formed a plus sign.  He was hanging limp from his bounds and
they began to throw buckets of water on him and held something under his
nose.  He jerked in his bounds and began to scream and moan, so they
shoved a gag in his mouth.  Then speaking to him again they asked
questions, and removing the gag he must have again given the wrong answer.

They left him hanging there and went over to the younger brother and
placing nipple clamps with chains on him pulled his right nipple out and
the old man placed a needle horizontally into the flesh, again question,
then the other nipple was pierced.  The younger brother was babbling to
his brother, who paid no attention until the vertical needles had
pierced his brother's skin.  Then I guess something gave way and he
spoke to the guards.  The old man gathered up the remaining needles,
packaged them and stood quietly waiting.  The older brother was released
from the cross, his arms forced behind as he was pushed to his knees and
his ankles fastened to his wrists.

The two captains were brought over and each one stood in front of the
kneeling man and began to piss in his mouth, the kneeler swallowed as
fast as he could until both men had emptied their bladders into him.
Then the guards each took a turn and pulled out his penis and pissed
into the mouth of the kneeling man.

The old man was escorted out and the guards came back and undoing the
kneeling man's bounds took him over to a padded table. A collar was
placed around his neck and his wrists attached to it, then his legs were
pushed back and up, pressing down on his chest and tied off, leaving his
ass, cock and balls exposed.  You could see the pins glinting in the light.
His brother was then placed on a table next to him in the same manner.
The guards brought over a couple of tins and speaking to the captains,
had them kneel at the end of the table and using what ever was in the
tins begin to use their hands to enter the assholes of the bound men.
The guards left instructions and walking out closed the door behind
them.  The two captains, were working their fingers in the asses of the
bound men, stretching the ass and sphincter muscle, putting in two,
three, four and finally the whole hand.  The men being fisted screamed
and moaned as they felt their anal canals being invaded.  The captains
kept working on the two until they got their arms half way up to elbow
in their victims.  Then I guess the arm getting tired they switched and
with a punch drove the new arm and fist up the ass of the victims.  The
next thing I knew they began working both hands in the ass opening at
the same time pushing, twisting and doing their best to get both hands
inside.  The two bound men screamed and their screams echoed off the
walls of the building, apparently they were heard outside as a guard
came in and shoved gags in their mouths.  He stood watching the action,
and finally decided that it was enough, he spoke to the captains, who
withdrew their fists from the bound ones.  Then one captain bent over
and the other shoved his fist and arm into the bending captain's ass.
He twisted and punched his fist and arm in and out, only withdrawing
when the one being violated spewed his cum from a jerking cock.  Then
the scene was repeated as the other one was fisted till he came.

After watching this for I don't know how long I was filled with dismay,
was this to show me what could happen to me, then I remembered they
could do no lasting damage, but I still wondered what they had in store
for me.

Soon two guards came and got me, leading me naked out into the rain,
they took me to a small house and had me sit on the steps and clean my
feet in a tub of water before I could enter the house.  As soon as I was
in they took some rough towels and wiped most of the moisture off my body.

They led me into a room where by my wrists, my toes barely touching the
floor; they hung me from the ceiling. Two of the officers came in with a
bag, and opening it one took out a transformer, which he plugged into a
wall socket.  It had a long lead, and three connections on the front.
In two of the connections on the front were plugged long wires with
alligator clips on the end.  The third wire ended in a button.  The
other officer came over to me and ran his hands over my chest, paying
particular attention to each of my nipples.  Then he grabbed a nipple
with each hand, pinching and pulling on them until they began to harden
and become erect. He took one in his mouth and ran his tongue around the
erected nipple, sucking and biting on it.  I moaned and bucked.  The
same treatment was then given my other nipple.  Then each took a nipple
and began to work on them until both were very hard, erect and red.

One on them went over and picked up a wire with an alligator clamp and
clipped it to my right nipple, then repeated the procedure on the left
nipple.  He pressed the small button and the current ran through me
causing me to buck and swing from my bound wrists.

He released the button and I stood panting and groaning sweat ran from
my forehead and down my chest gathering in my belly button. Without
warning the button was pushed again and I bucked and writhed as the
electricity moved through my throbbing nipples once more.  I could feel
the blood beginning to engorge my cock and tried to will it down.  One
of them unhooked the wire from my right nipple and chewed and bit the
hard nub, my body arched as if another surge of electricity had gone
through me.  As he bit down hard on the nipple the other one took the
alligator clip and clipped it into my open armpit.  The button was
clicked sending a surge from my right armpit to my left nipple. The clip
was moved from my left nipple to my left armpit and I was given another
surge of electricity.  Causing my body to buck and swing.

Each of them then took a nipple in their mouths licking, sucking and
biting on them. Their hands roamed my body and one took hold of my cock
and played with the shaft while the other massaged and pulled at my
balls.  Both of them were massaging my ass and would slip their hands
down the crack and each push a finger into my hole, the pull away in
opposite directions, pulling and stretching my asshole open even wider.
Their heads moved close to me and I could feel them run their tongues
along my jaw line, then moving to my lips each began to kiss me.  I
could not help but respond and began to kiss back. I began to move my
tongue and lick at the lips and mouth of whichever one was kissing me at
the time.

One of them was rolling my balls around inside the ball sac, my uncut
cock was semi-soft hanging between my balls, and the head had retreated
into the foreskin.  They removed the alligator clips from my armpits and
pulling my foreskin out placed one on each side of my cock.  The button
was pressed and I screamed and bucked, as my cock leapt into the air.
When the power was turned off I hung a twitching heaving slab from the
ceiling.

Leaving me whimpering and gasping, they went to the bag and took a
lifelike rubber dildoe and a tube of lubricant.  They squeezed out about
an inch of lubricant, placing it on the head of the dildoe.  Taking the
dildoe one of them placed it at the opening of my ass, and as he shoved
it in the other pressed the button causing my cock to jerk and my
sphincter to pucker even more tightly closed against the invader.  I
began to moan as the rubber dildoe was pushed further and further into
my body.  As they slowly pushed the dildoe into my ass and pulled it
back out, my head was tossing from side to side and the further it went
into me the more I moaned.

The moans turned to ones of real pleasure when the head of the dildoe
began to massage my prostate gland.  Each time the head hit my prostate
I whimpered with enjoyment and lust.

One of them knelt down and began to lick my balls as the other thrust
the dildoe in and out of my ass.  I could feel the ball sac begin to
relax as the tongue was run around my nuts.  First one ball was sucked
into the hot mouth and then the other one was taken into that heated
cavern.  The dildoe was wiggling against my prostrate, my balls were
being wonderfully sucked and I could feel my cock moving from semi-hard
to steel hard, though the alligator clips still made it hard for the
foreskin to retract.

My moans of pleasure suddenly changed to a scream of pain as one of them
pressed the button sending the electric shock through my distended, read
and twitching cock, my ass muscles clamped on the dildoe buried deep in
me and my chest began to heave.
Then the button was released and I again moaned in pleasure.

They removed the alligator clips and one of them again began to massage
my balls, stroking and pulling on them.  My scrotum relaxed and they
could now hold each ball separately and roll them in their hands.

I was squirming with desire an lust, my cock was jumping and leaping as
it grew even harder.  One of them shook the dildoe deep in my ass and my
cock surged up, fully erect and hard as steel.

One of them grasped my cock just below the head and began to pull the
foreskin all the way back, then I felt a hot tongue as it ran around the
glans and across the piss-slit.  I could feel lips fasten on my cock and
it was slowly sucked deeply into a mouth.  I thrust my hips pushing my
cock further into the moist cavern, and just as I felt I was about to
cum a hand wrapped around my balls and pulled the sac as far as it would
stretch.
I screamed in pain as he squeezed tighter and pulled harder on my
scrotum with each thrust of my cock in his mouth.  They pulled even
harder on the ball sac, I screamed but they only pulled harder and
released my cock from the mouth, leaving me thrusting my hips forward
into empty air. I howled as they excruciatingly stretched my ball sac
even further down away from my body.

Suddenly the hands were taken from my ball sac allowing my poor tortured
balls to hang down between my legs.  The next thing I knew they had
clipped an alligator clip to my ball sac and sent jolts of lightning
into my left testicle.  My muscles flexed and I could feel my balls
tighten and draw closer to my body.  Then the clip was disconnected from
my scrotum.

My arms were released and I was taken over to a bed where each of them
took turns fucking and cumming in my mouth and ass.

Then they surprised me by moving on each side of my and with their
mouths lick, suck and play with my cock, they would lick the glans,
mouth my balls, and cause moans to issue from my throat.

One of them took my cock into his mouth as the other kept flicking his
tongue over my balls,  I was thrusting my hips up into the mouth and
throat which was giving me such pleasure.

I felt the jism rising in my cock and began to loudly moan, I could no
longer hold it back, he pulled his mouth from my cock and as I bucked
off the bed, my ball sac tightened and my cock shot a flow of thick
white sperm from the distended head of my cock.  Viscous white globs
landed on my chest and face, the cum kept cuming for several seconds and
it felt like I was urinating instead of cuming.  Finally the stream
stopped and I fell back on the bed exhausted.  The two of them fell to
licking the cum from my face and body and milking the last from my
cock.  One took a smear of cum on his finger and placed it at my mouth
and I eagerly licked my own cum from his finger.  I lay there a man
sexually satiated.

The leaned down, kissed me, then dressing left me, I fell asleep and had
a beautiful uninterrupted sleep.  I was still sleeping soundly when I
felt someone tapping me on the shoulder.  Opening my eyes I saw one of
the MP's looking down at me smiling.  I looked at him, it was one of the
friendly ones.  I swung my legs over the side of the bed, still naked
with my cock and balls swinging between my legs as I stood took hold of
his genitals, put my hand behind his neck pulling him to me as I kissed
him long, hard and deep.

Pushing him down so we were sitting on the bed I began to unbutton his
shirt, he was weaning no undershirt and I slid his shirt back and off
his arms, bringing my mouth to kiss and nibble one nipple after the
other, as my hands worked at his belt buckle and pant buttons.  He
half-heartedly pushed me away as I continued to pull his pants and
underwear down over his socks.

I stopped long enough to ask where his partner was, and was informed he
had gone to get my clothes.  That the two majors whom had been with me
the night before and the colonels were all on duty because of the
storm.  While it was letting up, there was cleanup, security and other
tasks, which required them to be with their units.  While instructions
had been left on what to do with the others in the compound, they were
told only to send me back.  I asked how long he or they could stay with
me and he said until lunchtime.

The other MP came in with my clothes and showed some surprise at seeing
his friend naked with me.  As he put my clothes on a chair I stood up
and moved over grabbed his head and began to kiss him.  I held his head
fast with one hand and used the other to work the buttons of his shirt.
Soon I had him as naked as the rest of us.  I told them, they had been
kind to me and now I wanted to repay the kindness.  I told them I was
theirs to use until I had to leave.  They broke into wide grins and one
knelt down and took my cock in his mouth as the other got behind me and
pulling my ass checks apart plunged his tongue up and down my crack and
across my sensitive hole.

After working me over for sometime they got me on my hands and knees and
while one gave me his cock to suck the other plowed his cock up my ass.
They developed a rhythm, which I soon joined by pushing my ass back and
forth and sliding my lips over the velvet skin of the hard cock in my mouth.

I could feel their bodies bend above and I could only surmise that they
were meeting in a kiss over my back.  Suddenly they both withdrew, I
shouted "NO", but had not given them enough credit, they were only
changing places.  I could taste my ass juices on the cock now placed in
my mouth, and could feel the difference in width of the cock up my ass.
After a while they pulled out and sitting on the bed pulled me up
between them.

They said they would like to double fuck me and cum at the sometime in
my ass, would I let them do it.  I had never been double fucked before
and was a little leery, but said I would try if they would promise to
stop if I asked them to.  They agreed, and then one of them lay down on
his back on the bed, holding his stiff cock up, he had me sit on it
facing his feet.  When I was fully impaled the other one helped me to
lie down on the other and stretched my legs up and over my chest, where
the other one reached up and held them.  Then I felt a tongue at my ass
where the cock entered my hole, licking and leaving moisture there.
Next I felt a finger and then two try and stretch my hole wider, when he
felt he had succeeded he put his cockhead at my entrance and pushed, I
groaned at the pain and he stopped with just a bit of him inside me.
When he felt me relax he pushed a bit more in, stopping each time he
could see or felt I was uncomfortable.  After what seemed hours he
finally was fully inside and lay there letting my body adjust to the two
cocks up my ass.  I have never felt so stuffed, I was uncomfortable and
in pain, but the pain soon turned to a manageable dull ache, and he
began the in and out motions which would bring him to a climax.  The
pressure and rubbing against my prostate was causing my cock to rise and
to drip pre-cum on my body.  He increased his strokes and the one on the
bottom was trying to move so he could fuck his cock in and out also, but
it was a bit difficult.  Finally the one on top gasped and I assumed he
came, then soon after that the one holding me bucked and they both
withdrew softening cocks from my ass and presented them to me to clean.
I felt so empty, but good, was not something I wanted to ever make a
practice of happening.

I still had not cum, and while we rested, I asked about the four whom I
had seen in the dungeon, and what would happen to them.  It seemed the
captains were to be sent back to where they once worked, but would be as
the lowest of low recruits, they would have to obey everyone there as
well as act as a urinal whenever they were requested, as well as
sexually serve any and all who wanted them.  They could eventually once
again become officers, but if they did would always have to serve as a
urinal and sex slave to any officer who demanded it, regardless of
rank.  Which meant junior officers could order them to serve their desires.

The two bothers were forced to sign 12-year enlistment papers with the
stipulation that at the military's discretion the term could be
extended, which meant they might serve until old men.  They were told
that any more disobedience on their part would immediately cause the man
with the needles to return.  He was to return today to remove them, but
if he came back again, the needles would be inserted through the scrotum
and testicles coming out the other side and not just one, but as many as
they could get through a testicle, further needles would be pushed at
intervals though the shaft of the penis from front to back until they
reached the glans, then more needles would be inserted from the side
between the others until the space on the shaft all had needles in
them.  Then needles would be put through the head of the cock from front
to back and side to side with needles placed running between them from
left to right and right to left.  These needles would then be pulled out
and replaced each day for at least a week, and it was possible that by
the time they were through their testicles would never be good for
impregnating a woman.  So if they wanted to have children they had best
behave.  What they neglected to tell them was that they would never be
allowed near a woman as long as they were in service.

Their father would be allowed to see them only after they had proven
that they were worthy slaves to be used by any who wanted them.  In the
meantime he had been warned that anymore black-market activity of
forbidden items would cause him to be taken, his house, business and
money confiscated and his wife put on the streets naked.   They felt
that there would be no more problems with the black-marketer.

By this time they had rested and my playing with their cocks and balls
while they told me what was in store for the four others had made them
erect and ready to go again.  This time they wanted me in the middle and
as one entered my ass I entered the ass of the one in front of me, we
established a good rhythm and as I was about to cum one of they said
"now we change places", and they switched so now I was fucking the one
who had fucked me and was being fucked by the one I had been fucking.
They must have had a sixth sense for as I was about to come they stopped
and the one in front moved pulling my cock from his ass and turning took
my cock in his mouth and placed his where I could pull it into my
mouth.  We 69d as the one behind me picked up his pace and as I felt his
cock swell in my ass the other exploded in my mouth and though my shout
was muffled by the cock in my mouth a came and came and came.  As our
cocks softened we lay there as in a stupor.  These two had given me
great pleasure and I just hoped I had returned the favor.

They stood up and dressed and helped me to get into my clothes, I
thanked them for their kindness to me while I had been there, and
looking embarrassed thanked me for the good times I had shown them.

Going out into the diminishing rain I was taken over to have a lunch,
which was really brunch as jism had been my only breakfast.  Then the
car came and I was taken back, hopefully never to see that place again
.
I enjoyed the rest of the weekend, and by Monday morning the sun was out
blazing hot and the humidity was high and the stench from the rice
paddies was everywhere, I would not be sorry to leave this place.

I got a phone call that morning and said the permanent commander would
arrive the next day and that a plane would pick me up on Thursday to
take me back to my K site.
The new commander Captain Jay Thompson was greeted enthusiastically by
me, and we went over the workings of the area and I told him that the
sergeants were the best ever and would do their best as long as they
were appreciated and were told when they really did an excellent job on
something.

Thursday morning I packed and took my suitcase with me to the office
after checking out of my cell/room.  I was informed by phone that the
plane was approaching the airfield so I made my good-byes, got into the
jeep and was taken to the field.  I had hoped the MacGegor would be my
pilot, but say it was Major Castle.  He helped me get my suitcase stowed
and then getting into the plane we took off.  He flew low over the area
giving me a good view of the UN cemetery and of the people on the
beaches, then flying over the city which was being rebuilt we headed for
home.

---

Untitled (Chapter 20)

Date: Wed, 21 Jan 2004 09:58:19 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 8

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 8

I woke up Monday morning with my body protesting every move.  I had a
good hot shower and that helped relieve some of the soreness, but it was
not until Wednesday I began to feel like myself, so I went to the gym to
see what Park had ordered installed, found some rings, a mat big enough
for floor exercises and some horizontal bars.  Worked out for a while
and my muscles began to tighten up and feel pretty pumped and good.  Did
better on Thursday and hoped that whatever the weekend held for me it
would not leave me as depleted as the last one.
Friday, I was picked up and the same scenario followed, to room, change
into fatigues and shoes, leave, be blindfolded and eventually ending up
at the same place.

I was taken into the room and had my fatigues and shoes removed.  My
friendly MP's of the week before came in and one of them took hold of my
left foot and lifted it up. A cord of some sort was tied around my big
toe. I watched cord being wrapped around my toes, over and under, then
wrapped around my foot and around my ankle. As it wound its way up my
calf, I felt my cock begin to drip again. I flexed my toes to feel the
sensation, but a twist on my nipple told me that was the wrong thing to do.

As the cord reached my thigh, I was pulled to my feet with my legs
spread. The cord went around my waist twice, then wrapped around my
scrotum, separating the balls. Around the shaft it went, looping just
under the head and back down, pulling my erection down painfully, until
it was pointing at the floor. Then around my waist again and between my
legs from behind, a butt plug was inserted in my ass, they then wrapped
the cord around the stem of the plug causing the cord to rub scratchily
against my anus.  The cord was wound around my scrotum again and around
my right thigh, until both legs were wrapped in identical fashion, with
a finishing knot around my right big toe. The cord was tight enough that
it did not slip as I was forced to my knees. My hands were placed in
front of me and I was pushed down until I was on all fours, and a collar
was attached.

A hand reached under me and rubbed my nipples erect. I drew in a sharp
breath, for I sensed what was coming.  The sharpness of nipple clamps
caused me to gasp, and I could feel weights dangling from them, then a
slight tugging sensation as a cord was run from each clamp and tied
around the head of my cock. I heard a snap as a leash was attached to my
collar. As I crawled forward, the movement of my legs pulled my penis
slightly backward, causing the nipple clamps to be pulled toward my legs
as well. I barely noticed this, however, since the movement was causing
the weights to swing freely and pull my nipples in all directions,
causing constant irritation and sharp waves of pain.
The four men Park had left me in charge of had entered the room while I
was being trussed up, and as I crawled forward could see legs at my
sides. As I was led forward and outside, I could feel the sand of the
pathway on my hands and knees, it felt like sandpaper to my flesh. I
felt hands on me, some stroking my back gently, others smacking my
buttocks and cropping the soles of my feet. I focused on following the
leash as it took me around corners and slowly picked up speed. I did not
know what would happen if I failed to keep up, but I did not want to
find out.  I felt various sensations my body became a series of pain
sources radiating out, mingling and returning to their origins, each one
alone yet joining together to give a constant infusion of pain.  We
entered another building and a tug on my collar told me to stop. A
sudden pain that surged through my nipples as the clamps were removed. I
was raised to my feet and led to a frame.  My legs were spread and tied
to two posts. The upper part of my arms were tied to two posts that were
lower than the others. The effect was to push my buttocks into the air
and lower my head.

A hand pulled the rope passing between my cheeks to one side, jerking my
cock over painfully. The same hand pulled the plug out slowly; savoring
my discomfort as it stretched my anus anew on its way out. I felt a
dollop of lotion being rubbed in my anus, and, to my surprise, in my hands.

I felt a cock nudge each hand and instinctively took hold of them. I
began to stroke each cock, slowly and gently. As I did so, I felt
another slide into me slowly up to the hilt.

He did not move...at least, not until the fourth placed his penis
against my lips and I had taken him in my mouth. As I began wrapping my
tongue around him, the one behind me began his thrusting in and out. The
one in front of me took my head and moved me up and down on him in time
with the one fucking my ass. I tried to jerk the cocks in my hands in
time with them but found myself unable to do so.

The one in front was the first to climax, thrusting in my mouth with
each spasm. The one behind me pushed in deeply, but did not move as I
swallowed and cleaned the deflating cock of the one in my mouth. When he
was flaccid, he withdrew from my mouth; at the same time, the other also
withdrew There was movement as the men changed positions around me.   I
was penetrated, this time by the one who had been in my right hand. As
he drove into me and held his position, I felt two other cocks pushed
into my hands. From the warmth of the cock in my left hand, I knew he
had been in my ass. The cock in my right hand felt new.  Once all four
were in position, the thrusting began and, once again, I was servicing
four officers at once.

A few moments later, the one behind me slammed into me full force; the
others froze as I felt him throbbing his release. As he pulled out and
the others rotated, he slid the rope back over my crack. My cock was
able to relax for a moment, but not for long. As the new one began to
penetrate me, more slowly this time, I realized with shock that he was
driving the rope inside me. My cock was being pulled back toward him;
though I had thought my rectum would be numb by now, it registered the
roughness of the rope assaulting it. I squeezed both hands tightly;
doubtless pleasing theone's whom they were pleasuring.  When the one in
my left hand squirted onto my hand, I barely noticed. I continued
rubbing him, using his own semen as lubricant. As the rotation began
again, I was moving into a stupor...until the sting of clips on my
nipples brought me back to full awareness cried out as fire shot through
my nipples. These were much stronger clamps than I had experienced so
far and were weighted. Every thrust into me caused

agony to my chest. I was  squeezing my hands uncontrollably with the
pain. The officers seemed to take no notice of this.  When one of them
again found relief at my hands, the clips were removed.
The pattern developed slowly: when one came in my ass, he would pull out
the rope and  move it out of the way. If the rope was already out, he
would reposition it over my crack.  Similarly, when my hands provided
release for an officer , the nipple clips would be removed or  put on.
Thus the officers guaranteed me continual pain even as I provided them
continual pleasure.
I could tell these four had worked together many times as they
functioned as a smooth running machine.

I soon learned I could avoid the pain of the nipple clips by waiting
until they were removed and then focusing on massaging only the shafts
of the Masters' cocks. My goal was clear: to avoid the hellish pain of
the clips, I had to ensure my mouth and my ass did their jobs well.  I
began to concentrate on the officers  inside me. I spent more time
tasting and caressing the head, running my tongue around and underneath
the head and sliding up and down the shaft more languorously, making
love to the cock rather than simply milking it.
At the same time, I began to take a more active role on the other end.
When one thrust into me I would squeeze my buttocks to hold him a bit
longer.  As he pulled out, I would rotate my hips as best as I could in
my bound state to increase his sensations.  I was no longer a toy for
them, I was using every trick I could think of to make them come.  I now
had a focus, no longer was this just for them to use me, but for me to
show them that in some measure I was in control and could either enhance
or diminish their pleasure.

Park had unknowingly given me back my self-respect as far as he and the
they were concerned, they could use me, they could physically abuse me,
but still without me and what I could give, they could not get their
pleasure.  For the first time I felt a feeling of exhilaration.  I once
again had some control over what was happening.  I could participate and
give pleasure, or be supine, only a vessel for them to dump their seed
in.  I would find a way to mentally ignore some of the pain by
concentrating on what I would or would not do.  Now all I had to do was
find out if I was strong enough to carry through with my plan.
When they finished with me, two of the MP's came in removed the ropes
binding me, taking off my collar and then leading me to the bath, where
they proceeded to wash first me then themselves, and we entered into the
hot pool to soak.
While soaking they informed the brother of the young man I had seen last
weekend had been captured and brought here, and maybe tomorrow I would
get to see part of what was happening to them.  Also, the two captains
were still here, but were just about at the end of their training and
re-education time.  I would see how docile and accommodating they had
become.

After, we left the pool, they took me to the same room I had been left
trussed up in last weekend, but did not truss me.  They closed the door
and said they wished me to suck them, then wanted me to fuck them and
then they would fuck me.  They were trying to be nice and in order to
stay on their good side I agreed.
I was surprised at how gentle they were doing the whole process, this
was not like being used as a male whore or sex toy, but as a human being
who one could pleasure and gain pleasure in return.  I was thrown into
turmoil; my belief in the overall sadistic makeup of these people was
being challenged.  When I thought I had figured them out they threw me a
curve ball, now I would have to reassess my learning's and see if I
could in some way find out how their culture influenced them and why
such a difference between the brutal officers, and these men who had it
in their power to be the biggest brutes of all, but were actually
considerate of me.

We had a very satisfactory mutual suck and fuck session, which left me
pleasantly tired.  Surprising myself and the two MP's as they dressed
and turned to leave I stood and deeply kissed each one saying: "Thank
you, anytime we can arrange it to be together, let's do so."  Then
blushing at my words I turned and got into bed, they looked long at me,
smiled, winked and left.

I had a deep and dreamless sleep and when morning came actually felt
refreshed.
Two other MP's came to get me for breakfast, they fastened a ball
stretcher and separator on me, attaching a leash to the separator, and
putting the suction cups on my nipples.  Thus dressed they took the
leash and led me to a dining hall where I could get breakfast.  After
eating, they took the leash led me around the hall and had me at times
bend over and spread my ass checks for the men in the hall to see my
quivering hole. Many hands reached out and groped me, fondled my cock
and balls and even ran up and down between my ass cheeks, pressing a
finger in my hole.  I know I was red with embarrassment, these were all
enlisted men and I felt like an animal on review
.
Finishing displaying me they took me to a sunny area, where they had me
lie on my back, taking my arms and legs they attached them with leather
thongs to stakes in the ground, in a spread-eagle position.  They took a
thong and replaced the leash on the ball separator with it, pulling it
down taut and attaching it to a stake n the ground.  They had several
short thongs, which they proceeded to tie around my cock at intervals;
making sure one was tight just under the head.  They looked down at me
and informed they would be back later.
As the sun grew warmer I began to mentally curse the bastards; the
leather thongs they had tied me with were untreated, had been soaked and
as the sun hit them began to dry them out.  As they dried they shrank,
pulling on my arms and legs, pulling my ball sack down and the ones on
my cock shrinking and cutting into my flesh.  I writhed as much as I
could in agony and finally unable to hold it began to babble and
scream.  This brought them out to where I was, but they just stood
looking at me, they had knives in their hands, but made no attempt to
cut my bounds.  Just when I thought I would lose my nuts, one of the cut
the thong and I could feel my balls recede as far as they could until
the stretcher stopped them. That released the worst pain, but now it
seemed as if the fires of hell were concentrated in my cock.  Looking
down I could see where the blood had gotten in, could not get out and it
had swelled grotesquely between the thongs, the head was almost a deep
purple in color and looked ready to explode.
Telling me it might hurt, they knelt and, I guess as gently as possible
cut the thongs binding my cock, starting and the head and working down,
when the last thong fell free, I felt a tremendous surge of pain and
then it began to pass as my cock resumed its normal size.  Telling me my
arms and legs could still take more they turned their backs on me and left.

When I felt that my joints would be dislocated if any more pressure were
put on them I felt them go slack and the thongs holding me were cut.  I
looked up thankfully at my two friendly MP's from the night before.

They helped me to my feet, being careful not to put pressure on my arms
and one threw me over his shoulder and carried me to the bathhouse
where, after removing the suction cups and ball stretcher and separator,
they washed me and put me in the pool to soak.  It was heaven, and after
a while I could feel my muscles returning to somewhat a normal feel, and
the pain in my joints was down to just a dull throb.  They had me get
out and then rubbed some salve into my shoulder and thigh joints, which
helped, soothe away the pain.  Then they replaced the suction cups on my
nipples, and ball stretcher and separator.

I was taken back to the original building and bound to the St. Andrews
cross; a weight was attached to the ball separator, bringing a sharp
pain and the memory of them being stretched by the thongs.  I mentally
thanked them for leaving my nipples alone.  They told me they had
arranged for some of the education of the two captains to take place
there in a few minutes so I could see how they treated those who
disobeyed orders.

In a short time the two captains, were brought in.  They must have been
in some kind of physical training program during the week as they were
just as muscular and well defined as a week ago, even though I could see
signs of where welts from the whips had healed leaving marks on their
skin.  Also, I noticed that what little hair they had under their arms
and at the pubes had all been removed, leaving only the hair on the head.

One of the guards told them to kneel at a certain spot on the floor they
both immediately fell to their knees.

"Open" said the guard and their mouths opened.  There were about a dozen
military police with them and they began stepping in front of the two
kneeling men.  Opening their trousers they brought their cocks out and
began pissing into the open mouths in front of them.  The two on the
floor were swallowing as fast as they could, and trying to make certain
no piss fell on the floor.  After all the men had given the two their
drink, they were told to stand under some chains coming down from the
ceiling and attaching wrist restraints and buckling them together, put a
hook from the chain under the buckled restraints and lifted them up like
slabs of meat.

Nipple clamps with weights and chains were attached to the two, ball
stretchers and separators were put on them and then the chains from the
nipple clamps were brought down and attached to a ring at the base of
the ball separator, pulling the chains taut.  Now a very heavy weight
was attached to the ball separator, which pulled the balls and attached
nipples down even more.  A bar about 3 feet long to separate the legs
was attached to ankle cuffs and one each placed on them.  Then each of
the men took turns either whipping their cock and balls with a tawse or
stepping behind them and driving a fist up their ass.  The men swung
from the chain and screamed as their bodies were assaulted both front
and back.  Finally they were let down the weights removed, the chains
from the nipples to the separator undone, and the bars from the legs
taken away.  They were led over to padded benches where the military
police were taking off their clothes.
Two walked over to the captives and made them suck their cocks to get
them hard, then lying down on the benches, they had the captains sit on
their cocks facing their feet, when the cocks were fully imbedded, men
on the side pushed the captains down and lifted their legs up spreading
them and a second man began pushing his cock in beside the first, you
could hear the moans as the anal cavity was being stretched to
accommodate two large cocks.  When the first set of fuckers had each
come, they were replaced by another set until all of them had double
fucked the two.  They once again hung them from chains added the nipple
clamps, ball stretcher and separator, then adding heavy weights to the
nipples and balls left.  The two swung and moaned as the weights pulled
their tits and balls down.
Within a short time the guards returned with two young men, I could see
the one was the young man I had seen last week and since the other
looked like him surmised it was his brother.
They were strung up and soundly whipped with many different types of
whips, their screams echoed each other in the building.  When their
bodies were red and in some cases bleeding they were doused with the
cold salt water.  The younger was then taken down and over to the other
and placed on his knees in front of his brother.  They grabbed his
brother's cock and forced it into his mouth, speaking to him, he began
to suck on the cock and while his brother kept up a steady stream of
words, until he was gagged.  We could tell when he came as his body
convulsed and you could see the sucker throat as he swallowed the hot cum.
After licking the cock clean, his brother was turned on the ropes and
his legs were spread far apart and fastened to eyebolts in the floor.
Now the younger was forced to lick and kiss his brothers ass crack and
hole.  One of the guards was playing with the younger ones cock until it
was hard, they then pulled him and taking his cock put at his brothers
ass hole and shoved him in.  The older brother's scream was faintly
heard through his gag, but the younger fucked him until he shot up his
brother.
The older brother's legs were undone, and the younger one was strung up
by his arms not to far from his brother.  The guards went over the
cabinet, coming back with nipple clamps and weights for each of them as
well as ball stretcher and separators, and I could read 15lb on the
weights for the balls.  They then went over and brought copper wire back
and wound around the base of the nipples of each of the brothers, as
well as wrapping it around each of their balls.  I saw then get two of
the metal egg shapes and insert them in the ass of each brother.  Then
they got two copper rods and getting the men's cocks erect inserted the
rods into the urethra until only about an inch of the rod was above the
cock head.  They attached one of the wires from the egg to the wires on
the balls, then ran a wire from one tit to the other, and from the tits
to the balls.  Wires running from the transformer and generator were
clipped to the wires on the balls and to the rod in the cock.  Getting
some chains, they attached to the nipple clamps of the brothers making
them face each other so the chain from the right nipple of one was
attached to the left nipple of the other, and vice versa.  Then a chain
was placed at the base of the ball separators attaching the two of them
together.  The ropes holding their arms were raised and separated until
the chains binding them were pulled quite taut.  Then with just the
balls of their feet on the floor their legs were pulled apart and
secured to the floor.

The guards began talking to them and one went over to the transformer,
now I knew what was going to happen to them.  I watched as they first
gave them the gentle power which keeps one's cock hard and brings you
close to orgasm, then I saw them raise the voltage and watched the two
as their bodies spasm and the chains holding them together are stretched
past maximum, really pulling their tits out from their chests and
putting great pressure on their bound balls.  Then turning the power
down to its pleasure setting and I suppose setting the transformer to
stop and give shocks as it had to me, they turned to leave.  One of the
guards moved close to me and said: "They should enjoy their next four
hours" then all left and I wondered what would happen next. "

Soon two of the guards came in and released me from the cross, removing
the clamps and weights from my nipples and the stretcher and separator
and weights from my balls I was led outside and to another building,
where I was put on a table face up and tied spread eagled.

The four officers came in and slowly removed their clothes, one went
over to a side table and picked up four candles, lighting one he passed
it on  He repeated this until each of the four were holding a lit candle.

One of the held his candle about 2 feet above my pecs and tilted it,
letting the melted wax fall in a steady drip on my left nipple and pec.
My reaction was instantaneous shock, as I screamed and my body
involuntary jerked upwards. He turned the candle upright and the wax
stopped dripping, they all watched as a lay there writhing from the pain
of the hot wax covering my left nipple and pec.

The one on the other side now tipped his candle and the hot wax dripped
onto my right nipple and pec.  I was screaming before I realized it and
my voice seemed to be higher and thinner.  The pain of the hot wax on my
sore nipples and pecs was intense, my body jerked and bucked trying to
break free.
He continued to tilt the candle, letting the hot wax drip in a steady
stream, putting lines on my heaving chest covering my nipple, pec and
now back and forth.

I could not believe the pain, and then suddenly hot wax stopped.  I lay
panting and gasping on the table, heaving and shuddering from the pain.

My eyes were flicking back and forth looking at the four men with the
lit candles, their faces grinning down at me.

Suddenly one moved quickly near my spread out thighs and legs, tipped
his candle and the hot wax fell in steady stream onto my left thigh,
then the right, and up and down my upper legs.  Very slowly and
painfully he would vary the height of the candle.  The closer the candle
the hotter the wax and the pain.
All of a sudden I really began to scream as two more joined in and
tipping their candles poured the streams of hot wax onto my stretched
out arms, biceps and armpits.

Suddenly they held their candles up and stood them put them on a table.
My entire body was heaving as I gasped for air, my arms, chest, and legs
were covered in melted wax, now hardening and breaking a little as my
body heaved and bucked.

They moved over to a corner and quietly talked among themselves, I could
not imagine what they were planning, but knew it would not be good for me.
One of them moved to the table picked a candle and moved over next to me
and brining the candle about six inches from my cock, tilted it dripping
the hot wax on my semi-erect cock.  He aimed first for the head and then
the shaft.  I was yelling and yanking hard at my restraints, my cock and
balls flopping around in a frantic attempt to get away from the pain.
The officer merely moved his candle back and forth, letting the wax hit
my cock, balls, pubic region and thighs, and moving up he covered my
stomach to my belly button.  Then motioning to the other three, they
came over and used their hands to break up the wax everywhere else on my
body.  I was still screaming from the steady dripping of wax on my cock.
My body was wildly spasming within my restraints.

These guys were sadists who knew the most refined ways to torture a person.
The ones who had been breaking up the wax on my body to expose the skin
now picked up candles and again began to drip hot wax on my arms,
biceps, armpits, thighs, legs, chest, while one at my cock slapped it
and my balls to break up the hardening wax, so he could drip more hot
wax on the exposed skin.
Finally the hot wax torture stopped. My body was covered with the wax,
though I did not know it, no damage had been done.  My body was shaking
and tears were sliding down my cheeks. I was exhausted from the torture
and moaning loudly.
Once again moving to a corner of the room the four began to talk quietly
among themselves and then one walked over to a cabinet, opened it and
came over to me.  He moved between my stretched out legs and fitted a
small leather harness around my balls, tightly bunching them together.

He then took a belt and attached it to my tight balls with a chain, and
just before leaving bend down and gave my tightly bound balls a lick. He
grabbed my cock and jerked me until it was erect.  The wax cracking and
falling from me.
At the end of the table one of them slowly pulled the chain connected to
my balls. Then suddenly yanked hard at the chain, pulling hard on my
bound balls.  I went taut and arched my back as much as I could to try
and alleviate the pain.
While the torture of my balls was going on the others unfastened the
restraints holding my arms and legs on the table. The one with the chain
on my balls yanked it every so often to remind me I was still in their
power.

They stood me up and with two holding me, I tottered on wobbly legs as I
was led by the chain attached to my balls. They led me to stand between
two uprights and spread-eagled me between them. Securing my arms and
legs they tied me so tightly I could hardly move.

They looked at me with bits and pieces of the wax still clinging to
parts of my chest, arms, stomach legs and crotch.

One of the them said we need to make you look clean boy, and they picked
up bamboo whips, and like before the whipping would not cause any
permanent damage or break the skin, just turning my skin red.

One of them quickly moved and placing both hands on my nipples pinched
them hard and twisted them back and forth like a dial, the pain was
sharp and stinging on my poor sore nipples.  Suddenly the chain was
quickly yanked and my cinched up balls were pulled hard away from my
body.  I screamed and tried to arch my body to relieve the pain, for
minutes they proceeded to pinch and twist my nipples, while yanking on
my balls.  At last it stopped, leaving my body shaking.
Once again they retreated to a corner of the room for some consultation,
and going to a cabinet picked up some packages, then quietly began
talking again. I lost track of two of them, but soon found out where
they were as I felt a pinch on my back shoulder and then another one.
The pain was sharp and throbbing. Then more and more and I realized they
were pinning me with clothespins.
The four quickly snapped clothespins everywhere on my back, sides, legs
and two big ones were quickly snapped on my nipples. My body was trying
to buck with the pain, but could not because of the way I was tied.
More pins were placed, four around the edge of my belly button, up the
center of my stomach to my pecs and then to outline my pecs, the pain
was getting intense, and I tried to break loose.  This only made matters
worse and the pins moved up and down, back and forth, pinching my skin.
The two oversized one on my tits bit down hard squeezing the nipples in
an unrelieved pinch.

One of them now spoke and said: "We are going to play a game and you
need to play. The four of us are going to whip you and whoever whips off
the most pins wins. You lose if you scream, each time you scream we will
whip you ten more times and I will put pins on your cock and balls."

I tried to prepare myself for the ordeal, but did not know if I would
make it or not.  I gasped as one them without warning snapped the cat of
nine tails at my back, several of the pins were knocked off painfully
pinching at the skin.  There was no let up I was whipped ten times, I
could not help it but screamed against the pain. There was not let up as
the whip again fell for ten more times.

Then next one using a belt hit me ten times on my stomach, chest, legs
and now red butt, knocking off twenty or thirty pins.  All the pins
lining my ass crack were knocked off.  This time I was able to muffle my
screams, by clenching my teeth and moaning, but my body was jerking and
shaking each time the belt hit.  Tears were flowing in a steady stream
down my face.
The next one picked up the cat of nine tails, whipping me ten times on
the back, and lower legs, knocking off about twenty pins.  I could only
moan and shudder as the waves of pain surged through my body.

I could not believe the pain, but each time the whip lashed me or I felt
the sting of the belt or whip and then the sharp pinching of the pins
being knocked off my back chest, stomach or legs, then the pain seemed
to double or triple as the lashes hit against the skin which moments
before had been pinched by a clothespin.

The last one picked up the cat of nine tails for part of his whipping,
and began to whip me hard on the chest.  The two big clothespins were
still pinching down hard on my nipples.  The whip lashed against them,
and then again, knocking them up and down, and finally with a hard snap
of the whip one pin was knocked off, and then the other, causing sharp
pains as if my tits had been ripped off with them and then even more
pain as the blood began to once again enter to the pinched off nipples.

It was all I could do to keep from crying out. To finish off he picked
up a belt for the final lashings on my back.

While the whipping was taking place one of the others always held onto
the chain attached to my cinched up balls, and without warning and while
being whipped would yank hard on it causing an sharp unexpected jolt of
pain.
After a few words with each other two of them knelt down by my crotch,
and one began to lightly tongue the shaft of my cock while the other got
between my legs and lashed my shaved balls with his tongue. My body
began to respond to this treatment as the one on my cock tongued,
licked, kissed and finally swallowed my shaft in his mouth.  His tongue
was flicking at the sensitive head, his hands jerking the shaft, and the
other one was continually licking and swallowing my balls.

Suddenly I felt one of them licking at my armpit, and then I saw one
move toward me, and placed his hand on my right nipple. He played with
it, lightly touching it, and causing it to harden, then he felt a mouth
on my left nipple, sucking it gently.

In spite of the pain I had been in my body was responding to the
pleasure of having one lap at my armpits, one sucking and playing with
my nipples, one jerking and sucking my very hard cock and still another
Sucking and licking my balls.

The one working my tits suddenly rose up and began to kiss me shoving
his tongue deep in my mouth, I responded and our tongues lashed each other.
Then he dropped back to my nipples, and with the sucking on my cock,
balls, armpits and nipples I was unable to hold out and finally my body
got rigid as I screamed and shot my cum.  The one at my cock greedily
sucked it in, then standing up kissed me sharing my own cum with me as
we passed it back and forth in our mouths.

I thought that perhaps now the end was near, but soon found out I was wrong.
They untied my ankles and attached them to chains from ceiling and
lifted my legs, then a sling was put under my back so that my ass and
cock and balls were exposed, my arms were still tied to the posts, but
were released and brought above my head and tied to a ceiling anchor.

I was tied up and stretched out as if floating, legs open wide exposing
my asshole and arms above my head. The four now had complete access to
my body.  They pulled on the chains attached to my legs until they were
almost over my head, exposing my ass hole to them.

One of them approached me and started to kiss and then slowly lick my
left ass cheek.  Both cheeks were bright red from the whippings, and the
officer was kissing and licking the entire cheek.  I began to moan in
pleasure as the mouth moved to my ass crack, licking up and down and
finally zeroing in on the hole itself, which was kissed, tongue and
sucked until it be began to quiver in anticipation.  I felt a finger
enter and then a second as the hole was stretched open. I watched as one
of them put lubricant on his hard cock and moved to position himself at
my rear entry. I felt the cockhead begin to push into my puckered hole
and then with a sharp snap of his hips he embedded his entire hard cock
all the way into me.

He thrust his cock in and out in brutal movements and then changing
tempo slowly thrust his steel hard cock in and out with deliberate slow
and painful fucking. I tried to turn the tables on him and began to use
my ass muscles and butt cheeks to clench and put pressure on his rampant
cock.  He would thrust his cock hard in savage motions and then be
gentle before starting another series of brutal hard thrusts.  He would
pull out slowly and then with a quick snap embed himself deep inside me,
he finally came and then each of the other three took their turn at
fucking my ass
.
When they had finished they dressed and left, and I was left with my
arms in the air on a swing and my legs above my head.  I heard the door
open and thankfully saw my two friendly MP's entering.

They came over and released me from my bondage, and helping me walk took
me to the baths where they gently removed the few remaining wax
particles, washed me and led to the hot pool to soak.  After a while I
felt human again, and they helped out and dried me, took me to the room
I had slept in the night before, and then one left and soon returned
with a tray full of food.  I was famished and ate it all.  They told me
good night took the tray and left locking the door.

I fell into bed and an exhausted sleep.

I was awakened the next morning by the friendly MP's, that brought a
soothing lotion and rubbed it all over my body.  They said it would help
me heal from wax and whippings.  They told me that the candles were
special made so the wax would be very hot, but would leave no damage nor
marks and neither would the whippings I had received.  They helped me
dress, took me to breakfast and then to see a doctor who had me strip
while he examined me.  He gave me some pills for pain and some salve and
lotion to put on my body, they knew I could not go see the doctors at
the base, then the car came to return me to my quarters. At last another
weekend was over, with luck it could be the last or next to last, I felt
I had a lot to repay certain people for, would I ever be able to do It.?

Want more?  Comments afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 21)

Date: Mon, 19 Jan 2004 06:37:21 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 7

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 7

Breakfast, real eggs, some bacon and rye toast, am afraid the month here
will spoil me on food, and then will have to return to our normal diet
of powdered eggs, powdered milk, ham, and chicken, and powdered
potatoes.  But will enjoy the food while I can.

The work is not bad I have two excellent men a staff sergeant and an
airman 1st class who really run the place and the Korean airmen are
alert and have a pretty good command of the English language so it is
not a chore to get the things inventoried, unpacked, stored and then
repacked for shipment to the various sites.

Have found the gym, but not much to work out on, have joined the Koreans
playing volleyball during the noon hour, after a quick lunch.  The days
meld into each other with their sameness.  On Friday there was a knock
on my office door and the sergeant entered saying I had a guest.  I got
up and walked to the door, just as General Park walked in closing the
door behind him.

I looked at him in a daze as had not thought I would see him for the
time I was gone, he smiled at me, walked over and through my shirt
grabbed my nipples.  "You are not using the suction cups are you?" he
asked, I nodded no, and he brought his knee up into my crotch, causing
pain and a great nauseous feeling in my stomach.  He then said: 'When
you day ends at 1700 a car will be here to pick you, take you to your
quarters, where you will put the suction cups on your nipples. change
into fatigues and shoes, nothing else, lock up and get back in the car.
You will be taken to a house where you will meet some friends of mine
and you will spend this weekend and each weekend you are here with
them."  With that he turned and left.

I was in shock, I had thought I was free of him for a while and what
about his so called friends, what was I getting into, only time would
tell and I dreaded it.

As I walked out the door at 1700 there was a car with a driver waiting,
he knew where I lived, and drove there, waiting while I changed.  I
stripped, put the hated suction cups on my nipples and pulled on a fresh
pair of fatigues, attached my insignia, slipped shoes on, went out
locking up and got back into the car.

He drove in such a circular route I was sure we passed the same spot
more than once. Did see a good deal of Pusan, and while it was not taken
during the war had suffered significant damage.  The city is wedged
between the mountains and the sea, and is the most important port city.
We finally ended up in a wooded area where there were several buildings,
some of the old Korean style and some more like concrete bunkers.  This
did nothing to soothe my mind.
Pulling to a stop by one of the concrete buildings he opened the door
and motioned for me to enter the building.  Upon entering I saw it was a
combination dungeon, torture chamber and what have you.  There were
chains and ropes hanging from the ceiling, there were eyebolts imbedded
in the floor, one wall held an array of whips, there was a Saint Andrews
cross made of wood, a stock, a cot without a mattress just the wire
mesh, a cabinet with an array of tit clamps, cock and ball stretchers,
various weights, and some dildoes and butt plugs.  I also noticed a
small generator, which had wires running from it to clips. I was
stunned.  I had not heard four people come in behind me until they had
me by my arms and began to strip my fatigues from me, then taking my
shoes they placed my clothes in a box on a shelf, led me over to the
St.Andrews cross and attached my wrists and ankles to the bars spread
eagle me, then going to the cabinet they chose a cock spreader and
separator, the spreader was wider than I had ever had and they pulled
and tugged my balls down until they could snap it shut, then bring the
separator up they pulled my balls apart until I thought they would burst
through the skin. Then proceeded to hang a 5lb weight from the ball
separator.  I was in pain and nothing I could do about it.

While in this position General Park entered with some other officers, he
said: "These are my dear friends and comrades who I am willing to
entrust you to, while you are here."  My heart sank they if anything
looked to me to be more barbaric than even Park.  He began introducing
them to me: "Colonel Chi Do Sang, Colonel Kim Chung Do, Major Kim Hyung
Oh and Major Hih Soo Nyung."  They came over and ran their hands over my
body, playing with my balls, lifting the weight and dropping it, and
fingering my mouth and ass hole. They thumped on the suction cups
causing pain to the nipples. After having their fun, they sat down in
some chairs and one of the majors went to the door and spoke to someone
outside.  In a few minutes two captains entered.  They were rather nice
looking and seemed to be well built under their uniforms.  There was
rapid chatter in Korean and the two captains blanched, and shook their
heads and spoke in a rapid chatter.  Colonel Chi (I think) spoke to them
and as if he had a bell to summon them six Korean Military Police
entered the room.  Chi spoke rapidly to them and two each grabbed the
captains while the third member of each group took a knife and cut the
clothes from the two officers.  They were then positioned where ropes
from the ceiling could be fastened by cuffs around their wrists and were
lifted from the floor.  Nipple clamps with a connecting chain were
placed on their nipples, a cock spreader and separator was fastened
around their balls and chains running from each nipple clamp were
attached to a ring at the base of the ball separator, pulling the
nipples.  Then 10lb weights were hung from the ball separator and more
weights hung from their nipples.  The two writhed in their agony and
screamed until a gag was place in their mouths, and the large dildoes
were pressed up their anuses.

Going over to the whips two of the MP's picked up long whips and
standing back began to methodically lash the two, first on the back and
then on the front, even hitting their bound cock and balls, soon welts
began to appear and then the skin broke on them and blood seeped down
their bodies.  Chi clapped his hands and the whipping stopped, the MP's
picked up buckets of water and threw the water on the two to wash away
the blood.  I supposed by the twisting that the water was salt water and
it added to their discomfort, the two bathed them in the water until the
bleeding stopped and the water ran clear in the drain in the floor.

Before undoing them from the ceiling, fine copper wires were wound
around their balls, a copper tube was inserted into the urethra, and
copper wire wound around the base of their nipples where the clamps
pulled them out.  Clips then attached these copper wires and the tube to
the wires leading to the box in the corner.
They were brought down the dildoes in the ass were removed and they were
placed on their hands and knees facing away from each other.  A large
long two-headed dildoe with a wide circular collar in the middle was
inserted just into the anal opening. A chain was attached to each ring
at the base of the ball separator where the chains from the nipples and
the weight hung.  From what I could determine they were told to back up
to each other, driving the huge dildoe further up their own and the
other's ass.  When they seemed reluctant a switch was thrown on the box
and a jolt of electricity gave them an added incentive.  They began to
slowly back up, if it was not fast enough for the watchers they were
treated to another jolt, until they were scrambling to get the dildoe
in.  When they reached the center and the circle they were then told to
pull apart, and as they did the dildoe slowly came free, finally
dropping to the floor, now the chain connecting their balls to each
other was almost taut.  A bowl was placed about two feet in front of
them and they apparently were told to crawl to the bowl and using only
their mouth drink from it.  They began to move, the chain connecting
them tightened pull their balls and nipples down even more.  You could
see the sweat begin to shine on their bodies as they strained to move
forward.  But one could not move forward unless the other moved back,
and apparently neither was going to do that. You could see the skin
between the cock and the ball sack stretch, and the pressure put on the
balls causing them to go from a nice round shape to flattened ones.
Even through the gags you could hear the screams of the two men as they
struggled to move forward.  Once again to give them added incentive the
electric charges were used, but to little or no avail, if one slipped a
little he fought to regain his advantage.  Finally tiring of watching
one of the officers called an MP over whispered to him and the MP
getting another went over to the cabinet an each getting a ping pong
paddle came back and began to spank the two men's asses.  When they were
a bright red they moved down and with the paddles beat the bound and
stretched balls.  I do not think any gag in the world could have stifled
the screams of the two being tortured.  The two were then lifted up, the
wires, tubes, chains, clamps, separator and stretcher, and weights
removed.  They sagged in the arms of the men holding them.  Chi nodded
and the MP's stuck their nightsticks up the asses of the two and
frog-marched from the room.

After watching this I was in a state of near panic.  However, in English
so I would know General Park informed the rest that while they could use
and abuse me under no circumstances was there to be anything done which
would do permanent damage, leave scars or make me unable to resume my
duties each Monday morning.  In fact whatever was done must stop by
Sunday morning and I would be returned to my room.  He continued: "If in
fact I find any marks on his body, disfiguration or any sign he has been
harmed externally or internally, the treatment given the two which you
have just seen will be as child's play to what I will have done to
you."  He then spoke to me: "I have left instructions that you are to
wear the suction cups for at least an hour each day, also I am having
some equipment sent to the gym so you may keep in shape.  I regret I
must leave tonight, but know you are in good hands."  Apparently Park
did not consider the treatment being given my nipples and balls to be
anything, which harmed me externally, left a mark or were disfiguring.
I think I disagreed with him, but he was the one who initiated what was
being done.  Odd the different workings of the oriental and occidental
minds.

They took me down from the cross, removed the weight from my balls and
leading me over to the cot had me lie down on the wire webbing.  One man
rolled under the cot, worked my cock and balls through the webbing and
hung a heavier weight on my balls.  Crawling up, he reached up removed
the suction cups from my nipples and saying something one of them
pressed my chest down, he reached up pulled my nipples and put a clamp
on each one, and then attached a chain which ran from one to the other
which was taut with the webbing and would not allow me to raise up. Then
he attached weights to each of the nipple clamps.   Taking my arms them
brought them down my sides and raising my lower legs so they bent at the
knee attached cuffs and chains so I could not move my arms with out
pulling my lower legs down and I could not move my legs, except to bring
them down against the upper legs,  as there was no way I could raise up
to let my arms go back further. They then worked a butt plug in my ass
and when sure it would not come out they then seemed satisfied with
their work I heard them walk to the door, turn out the light and leave
me in darkness.

How long I was alone I do not know, it seemed forever, my legs began to
cramp and I could feel the steel webbing of the cot imbedding itself in
my torso.  My nipples, cock and balls were in agony, and all I could do
was moan.
I did not hear the door open, but a dim light came on and the next thing
I knew someone was working the plug from my ass.  Then feeling the bed
sag a little someone got between my legs and roughly shoved their cock
up my ass.  The hard fucking I was being given caused my body to move
and the weights on my nipples and balls to freely swing back and forth,
causing extra pain. Another replaced the first cock, then another, then
another, so I figured the four I had been given to were using me.  After
the last brutal fuck I hoped that was it, wrong.  I heard some rapid
Korean and more lights came on and to my dismay and horror I saw about a
dozen naked men with hard upstanding cocks awaiting to use me.  They
were turning my ass over to some of their aides.  I endured one fucking
after another, and was just glad that the way I was fastened to the cot
that my mouth was unavailable to them.

Finally they were through using me, and four of them stayed as the
others left.  My legs and arms were undone and though my leg muscles
were cramped, it was a relief to be able to get them straight again, one
of them crawled under the cot, removed the weights, then the chain
between the nipple clamps, and worked my genitals back up through the
webbing.  Lifting me up they supported me as we left the room, one of
them stopped to pick some items up, but I could not see what.

It was dark outside the building, and I was helped to one of the smaller
Korean type buildings, inside I found a bed made up.  They removed the
clamps from my nipples, putting the damn suction cups back on, cuffed my
hands behind me, and using a padded ankle restraint and chain fastened
me to an eyebolt in the wall.  They pushed me down on the bed threw some
covers over me and left me turning off the light.

I lay there in pain and could only think how different this weekend was
from the previous one, how one could go from having the ultimate in a
sexual experience to the absolute opposite.  I clung to the memories of
my time with the MacGregor, as I cried myself to sleep.

The next morning a man putting a chain on my ball separator awakened me,
and I was pulled to my feet, the ankle chain and pad were removed, as
were the handcuffs.  It was good to be able to swing my arms.
I was led to a building where food was being served, everyone being
dressed but me, and was given some breakfast to eat.  I eagerly ate as I
had not eaten since lunch the day before.  After eating I was led by the
ball chain back to the building I had been in yesterday.  On the way I
noticed the two captains from yesterday being spread-eagled outside on
some iron crossbars and their legs were pulled to the uprights holding
the horizontal bars, they looked the worse for wear, their balls seemed
swollen, and I could see bruises and cuts all over their bodies.  It
looked like they had been worked over even more severely after being led
from the room last night.  I wondered what they had done; causing them
to be punished this way.

Upon entering the torture chamber, I was secured in the stocks, with
nipple camps on and weights attached, as well as a 10lb weight on the
ball stretcher and separator, and my guards left, leaving me to wonder
what would happen to me next.

After a while, I don't know how long, the door opened, and the four men
Park had entrusted me to came in.

The removed me from the stocks and placed me on a padded bench tying my
arms and legs to the bench legs.  My balls and ball weight hung over the
edge of the bench and it narrowed at the chest to allow the nipple
weights to swing free.  They then removed their clothes and while one
fucked me another forced his cock into my mouth, after all four had each
come both in my ass and in my mouth they dressed, chattering something
in Korean.  Soon afterwards the door opened and about 25 men came in and
removing their clothes came over and one by one either fucked me or made
me suck him off.  Some worked together with one in my ass and one in my
mouth.  I don't know how many times each of them used me, but my mouth
and ass were becoming extremely sensitive and sore.  When they finished,
and after a while the door opened and the four MP's from last night
brought the two captains in.  They looked the worse for wear and seemed
to have gotten a slight sunburn.  They each were washed off with salt
water again and then given several bottles of water to drink.  When they
resisted drinking the guards grabbed their nuts and crushed them until
they gulped the water down.  Speaking to them, one lay on his back on
the floor and the other lay on top of him with his head in the others
crotch.  The guards took the top mans arms and using restraints secured
his arms to the bottom ones ankles. Then reversing the procedure secured
his ankles to the bottoms wrists; taking some rope they first inserted
the penis of one each in the other's mouth and tied them so they could
not release the cocks from their mouths.  Then pulling down some chains
from the ceiling they attached them to the arm/ankle restraints and
pulled them up about four feet from the floor, the also took a couple of
broad webbing's and attaching them to chains placed them under the
bottom man just above his buttocks and below his shoulders which helped
relieve the pain in the arms and legs.

I could surmise what would happen.  They had been overloaded with water
and would soon need to piss, and the only place the piss could go was in
the other mans mouth, so they would be exchanging their piss back and
forth.
The four MP's now came over to me and took turns having me suck them off
and then fucking me.  When they were finished, the took me from the
bench and moved me to the St. Andrews cross, and fastened me again on
it.  Then going to the cabinet they came back with some items and began
to tell me about them.
One was an egg shaped metal device with two wires attached, one short,
one long. I was told it would be placed in my ass so that it rested on
the prostate, and the man walked behind me and kneeling began to work
into me getting it placed just right.  They then showed me some fine
copper wire and began to wrap some around each ball and around the base
of the nipples where they had been pulled out.  The short wire from the
egg was attached to the wire going around my balls, and another wire
connected my nipples and then was attached to a long wire.  The long
wires were then attached to the generator, giving them a circuit.

The generator was switched on; it was a small black box, not much bigger
than a toaster, with several dials and switches.  The MP flipped a
switch and twisted a couple of dials and I felt a small surge of
electricity between my balls and ass and my balls and nipples.  I began
to moan as my cock began swelling up, and become fully erect and steel
hard.  I began to sweat and whispered please please let me come, as I
felt a great need to relieve my nuts of their load.  They smiled and
said see the electricity can give great pleasure and if we keep it at
this level you soon will have a great orgasm, or we can give pain and
they hit another dial and I thrashed against my bindings screaming, my
hard cock went soft and flopped about as my pelvis jerked in reaction to
the overpowering pain. The generator was switched off, and I was allowed
to regain a regular breathing pattern and the pain subsided.  They
switched it on to the first setting, and again the pleasant feelings
began to flow from ass to balls to nipples and my cock rose up proud and
tall.  Telling me they would now leave, but that the dials were set so
that before I reached the peak of an orgasm the machine would stop for a
while and then begin, and that the periods of electricity flowing
through me and the periods of none, would be intermittent and no pattern
would be followed.
Leaving me with my own brand of torture, having to look at the two
hanging captains, they walked out.

For what seemed hours the electrical currents bringing me to the point
of ejaculation and then stopping tormented me, and I could see the
throats of the two captains convulsing as they swallowed the piss coming
from the other one.  Occasionally, one could not swallow fast enough and
some of the urine escaped his mouth and dripped down around his chin.

As I stayed spread-eagled on the cross I began to wonder what this place
was, was it where they brought some of their men for disciplinary
actions which were not proscribed in the regulations?  Was it just a
place for them to enjoy their sadistic pleasures or what?

I decided it must be the former when late in the day a young man was
brought in, stripped of his clothes and hung upside down by his ankles
and then various whips and paddles were used on him paying particular
attention to his genitals, nipples and ass region.  His body would swing
back and forth with the blows and his screams were loud, until he became
from his yelling.  His body was covered with welts and the skin was
broken in several places.  They did something with the ropes so his legs
were pulled far apart and then with a whip took turns seeing who could
hit his asshole the most time, each time the whip hit him he would buck
and twist, but when it hit directly on the hole he practically turned
somersaults in the air.

Finally tiring of whipping him, they reversed him and hung him from his
wrists and then began to pummel him with their fists, his chest, his
back, even his arms and legs.  They took special pleasure it bring their
knees up and squashing his balls or kicking him in the balls.  They
began to get red and swell.  Leaving him hanging by his wrists they
attached nipple clamps with weights on him and put a ball stretcher and
separator on him forcing his sore balls down and out.  Going to the
cabinet they found a 15lb weight, which they then attached to his balls,
he could only moan in pain as he swung back and forth.  They checked on
the two captains, undoing their heads so they could force more water
into them and then replacing the dicks in each other's mouth securing
them again. Coming over and making some changes on the settings of the
generator transformer regulating the current into my body they left us
to our torments.
Time seemed endless until two of the MP's came in and turned off the
transformer.  They removed the wires from around my nipples and balls,
and pulled the oval from my ass.  Then removing the nipple weights and
clamps and the ball harness and weights they released me from the
cross.  I fell to the floor as the blood rushed back into all the
clamped and bound areas causing me pain.

The two lifted me up and half walking half being carried I was taken
from the room.  The first stop was at a latrine where they shoved a tube
up my ass and gave me an enema, filling me with water until cramps hit
me in force.  They let me shit the water out and then repeated the
operation until clear water ran from my ass. My ass and anal canal were
sore and tender and any touching caused me to shiver in pain.

Our next stop was at a bathhouse and they removed and put their clothes
in baskets, taking me to be washed and scrubbed by them.  Then washing
themselves they led to the pool.  I felt their hands on my body,
reaching and touching and groping and twisting my cock, balls, and
nipples.  I could feel fingers at my asshole and then felt them push
inside me and stretch the hole open.  I was moaning in pain, but my cock
betrayed me and rose up proud and straight.  They smiled at me as one of
them began stroking my cock with his wet fist and said: "We want you to
use that beautiful cock on us, but first you must show us your cock
sucking abilities."  We stayed in the hot pool for a while and they
continued playing with my body.  Since I knew they spoke some English I
became bold and asked: "What is going on with the captains and the young
man?'  I did not know what kind of response I would get, but they began
telling me that the captains and been selling material to a
black-marketer and had sold some items which were on a list never to hit
the black-market.  They had been caught and brought here for training
and at the end of the training period would be broken to recruit class
and assigned back where they originally were, only this time instead of
being in charge they would be the lowest and could be used and abused by
all those they had once had control of.  The young man was the son of
the man they sold the goods to.  He resisted being drafted and so was
being given a sample of what would happen if he did not obey.  They told
me that tonight he would be given to one of the barracks for the men to
sexually and physically use as they saw fit, and they would see what his
attitude was in the morning.  I was also informed he had a brother two
years older who was at the present in Japan, but that men had been sent
to bring him home and soon he would join his younger brothers in the
pleasures they could devise.

By this time they had finished with the pool so we exited and dried
ourselves with their miniscule towels.

The larger MP put his hand on my shoulders and pushed me down so my
mouth was level with his cock, I took it in my hands, fingered his balls
and kissed the tip of his penis running my tongue over the slit.  I
could feel his cock swell in my mouth as he moved his pelvis back and
forth, the head of his cock hit the back of my mouth and slid down my
throat, I moved my head back and forth, he moved his pelvis and I could
feel his cock begin to swell as he pulled it out of my throat and shot
into my mouth. His seed seemed to have a taste of the garlic they love
so well.  I licked his shaft clean and then was pulled to the other
cock, which was standing straight up, it was bigger than the first and
really caused my mouth to stretch, but I got it in and we began the
dance to get him to cum.  He shot more than the first man and his cum
was thick and tasty.  When he had been cleaned, he turned around and
bent over telling me to suck his asshole, I licked my tongue up and down
his crack, placed my mouth over his hole and tongued it while trying to
create suction.  I could feel the whole begin to open.  He then said:
"Now fuck me."  I was only too happy to oblige after my torment with the
electricity; my balls seemed to be too full of cum.  I shoved my cock up
his ass and fucked him for all I was worth.  His ass felt like silk,
like velvet it surrounded my cock and loved it, he worked his ass
muscles and it seemed in no time my cock was spurting its load into
him.  I pulled out and he made me lick his ass clean of any cum and ass
juice that might be there, and then the other one was bending over to
have his ass rimmed.  I did the same to him and since was cock was still
hard had no problem in shoving it into him.  It took longer for me to
come this time and he was moaning in pleasure by the time I did cum.  I
had to clean his ass, and then turning he had me suck him off again.
This caused the first one to become hard and so I got to suck a second
load from him also.

They dressed and then took me to an other building, where they informed
me I would soon be joined by Col. Chi, Col. Kim, Major Kim and Major
Hih.  They left me and I surveyed the room.  There was a large gray
wrestling mat on the floor, a stock in one corner, two tables, one
padded one not.  Soon two of the officers came in and taking me over to
the stocks and I was secured in it.  They walked around me and started
to poke and prod me, rubbing my thighs and buttocks, fingering my tender
ass, squeezing my sore balls and cock, and chatted waiting for the other
two.

One of them decided he wanted to fuck while in the stocks, he moved
behind me and roughly shoved his rod up my ass and began a brutal
assault on my ass, the other three took advantage of me by squeezing my
nipples, slapping my balls and rubbing their hard shafts on my body.

The cock in my ass was being pulled and pushed in with no rhythm at all,
I could feel it hit spots all over inside me and occasionally hit the
prostate.  The next man wanted to be sucked off, which after the two
MP's was no chore at all. The next one wanted me to fuck him so the
moved me over to the padded table and had me lie back on it, face up.
The man straddled me and having one of the others hold my cock straight
up pointed at his hole he sank down on it.  Facing me he humped up and
down and reached down to grab and twist my nipples, after some minutes
he cried out and ejaculated all over my chest and face.  As the spurts
ended he pulled off of me and made me clean his cock.  My cock was still
hard and I was yearning to come, but all this was for their pleasure not
mine.  Seeing this one of them went to the door, and calling in a young
man had him strip, lie down by me and commanded us to suck each other
until we came.
We sucked each other, and I was given his jizz minutes before he was
able to coax a load from my sore and overworked balls, but at least I
got some relief. The others dressed, the MP's came in and took me to a
room where there was a decent cot with a mattress and clean sheets and
blankets.  I thought I would get a good rest, but found out otherwise.
Wrist and ankle restraints were put on me and a harness was placed on my
balls.  Pushed down on my stomach, my wrists were pulled behind me and
connected to my balls by a short rope.  My legs were bent slightly, each
ankle was then separately connected by rope to my balls.  If I tried to
move either my arms or legs I would pull and strain my balls.  Tossing
the blanket over me they left the room.  With these added tortures and
the memories of the day flooding my mind, I felt the tears roll down my
cheeks and I tried to sleep, but as sleep tried to come my arms and legs
changed position causing extreme discomfort to my balls, so it was a
fitful sleep with little actual rest.  I was pleased when I saw that the
room was getting lighter, which meant the sun was coming up, and
hopefully I would soon be released from my bondage.

After what seemed forever the two MP's came in and removed my bonds
allowing me stand, they had my clothes with them and I was allowed to
put on my fatigues and shoes.  Then they took me to eat breakfast.

After eating a car was called to take me to my quarters.  As the MP's
put me in the car, they smiled and said: "See you next Friday."  With a
heavy heart I was taken back, after again being blindfolded.

Upon reaching my quarters, I threw off my clothes, and climbed into bed
falling at last into a deep and uninterrupted sleep.


Want more?  Comments.  afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 22)

Date: Thu, 15 Jan 2004 10:31:04 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: "Air Force Memories 6"

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 6


The general was not happy to hear of my TDY assignment, and the next
time I saw him, he had me naked with clips and weights from my nipples,
ball stretcher and separator on with weight hanging from the strap
separating the balls.  He forced me to bend over a chair arm and without
lubricant shoved a dildoe up my ass.  Then tying me there he got a
bamboo cane and began to beat me on the ass, thighs and back.  This was
a flexible cane, and one while it hurt and left red marks, did not break
or damage the skin.  When he grew tired of this, he took off his pants
and forced his cock into my mouth.  He fucked my mouth hard, fast and
deep, at times it was hard to catch my breath and not to gag.  Finally
he came in mouth, untied me from the chair, then tied my hands behind me
and fastened me standing to the doorknob.  He roughly removed the clips
and weights from my nipples.  Then taking up the cane began to beat me
across the chest and hitting the sore and stretched out nipples as hard
as he could.  I could only squirm and moan in pain, not being satisfied
he moved his strokes with the cane to my erect cock and captured balls.
Each hit on my balls sent waves of pain coursing through my body, as I
doubled over as far as I could in pain.

Tiring he untied the rope from the doorknob, replacing the nipple clips
and weights, he took me over pushed me down on his desk, pulled out the
dildoe, replacing it with his steel like cock.  I let out a loud
"ahhhhh" as he plunged into me; my ass was in extreme pain from his
prodding.  He began fucking me deep and long, his hard fucking motions
were causing my chest to move back and forth on the surface of the desk,
causing the nipple clamps to dig deeper into me.  The weight on my balls
was swinging down between my legs and I felt like every muscle in my
body was on fire. After what seemed to me an eternity he came and
brought his cock around to me to clean for him.  Pulling me up he
removed the clips and weights, the ball stretcher and separator and
weights, but put the suction cups on my sore nipples.  Then told me to
dress and leave and he would see me tomorrow night.  As I walked back my
asshole was throbbing; my tits were in pain and my balls felt swollen.

As soon as I could I got to the showers and let the hot water wash over
me and alleviate some of the aches and pains, dressed went up to the
club to mingle for awhile as if nothing had happened and then to bed.
Alex looked at me quizzically, but I just shook my head and he let
things go.
Busy day getting things ready to go, finally with trepidation I made my
way over to Park.  Knowing I would be gone in a few days I wondered what
he had in store for me.

Arriving and being stripped, having the nipple clamps, ball stretcher
and separator and weights attached, with an oversized dildoe shoved up
my ass he grabbed my cock and pulling on it led me to the gym.  I was
not happy, he had changed the weight on my balls and this one was 10lb.
It really pulled on the scrotum and banged against my thighs. Arriving
at the gym I saw that there were some ropes hanging from the ceiling
which had not been there before.
Pushing me down on my stomach, and calling for Song-San he bound my arms
behind me, and wrapped ropes around my chest and bound arms.  Then
taking my legs he bent them back and bound the lower and upper legs
together. Taking the ropes he tied two to the bindings over my chest and
arms and one each on the leg ropes.  Then calling on some I had not
seen, people took the ropes and began pulling them so I was raised off
the floor, when I was about 3 feet off the floor the ropes were tied
off. My legs were pulled far apart so that my asshole as easily
available to anyone or anything.  Park then added more weights to my
nips, and attaching a cord around the glans he tied it off on the weight
on my balls, painfully pulling my cock downward.

I could now swing freely back and forth, he had the others take off
their clothes and told them to begin fucking me and having me suck
them.  He then left the room and the men left behind lost no time in
sticking cocks in my mouth and ass.  They could grab hold of the ropes
and swing me back and forth, causing pain to the muscles and where the
weights were.

Park came back and I could see he had brought several more with him.  My
mind flashed back to what Chris had gone through and I thought I shall
never make it.
I do not know where or how these people were trained, but just about at
the point where I thought I would pass out, they stopped, released the
ropes, lowering me to the floor.  They undid the ropes binding me and as
I stretched my legs and arms I howled in pain as muscles spasms occurred
from the unnatural way they had been held.

Grabbing me by arms they took me over to the pommel horse and tied me to
it then resumed their ravaging of my ass and mouth.  They seemed to take
delight in reaching around or down and pressing the nipple clamps even
tighter or swinging the weights hanging from them, as well as with their
knee to push the weight on my balls so it would swing back and forth.
After I don't know how many men had me, Song-San came over, untied me
and removed all the clips, straps and weights.  My clothes had been
brought down and after a lukewarm shower I dressed, but not before those
damn suctions cups were applied to my irritated nipples.  I did not have
my watch and did not know what time it was, other than dark.  As soon as
I got back to my bunk, I grabbed a towel, my yukata and headed for the
showers.  I hoped there was hot water left, all I wanted to do was sit
on the floor and let it wash over me.
The compound was quiet as I made my way to the shower, undressed went in
and turned on a couple of adjoining showerheads.  Great joy, streams of
hot water came out creating some steam, I stood savoring the feel of the
warmth and dampness on my sore body, when I had worked up a sweat from
the steam I turned off one shower, adjusting the other to a temperature
I could endure I stepped under it and slowly sat down with my head on my
knees.

Hearing a noise I looked up could not believe it.  Alex, he must have
heard me come in, he was naked and swiftly moved over to where I was
sitting.  He gently raised me and taking soap and wash cloth began to
bathe my sore body.  His touch was like a feather as he cleaned and
massaged every part of me.  I could not even articulate to myself the
great rush of feeling I had at time for him.
Finally, taking me the hand we went into the change area and he gently
dried me, helped me into the yukata, and drying himself, put on his
kilt, gathered my clothes up, leaned over and gently kissed me before
taking my hand and walking back to the barracks.  He went in with me,
saw me to bed, put my clothes on my footlocker, went back out the door,
and in a few minutes heard the door by his bed open and close.  I
remembered I still had some pain pills, so quietly got out of bed found
them, took a couple and fell into a restless sleep.

Still a bit stiff and sore the next day I was pleased to hear that Park
had been called to Seoul on business and probably would not be back
before I left.
Lt. Col. Sheffield called me into his quarters that night to inform me
that he would be replaced while I was gone.  It was time for him to be
rotated.  I felt a great sadness, as he had been a buffer and friend to
me as much as he could.  He told a Lt. Col. Howard Crane would be
replacing him.  He would meet with Crane in Taegu before he left, and
inform him of my situation.  He also was planning on meeting with the
Unit Commander Col. Fellowes and giving him a rundown on what was going
on with Park.  In addition he was leaving a handwritten letter for Crane
which explained more about what had happened.  He doubted if things
could be changed much, but at least he would hope Crane would look out
for me.  He surprised me as I was leaving by taking hold of me, giving
me a bear hug and a kiss on the lips.  As I left he said: "Don't forget me."
Apparently I had struck a chord with him that we were never able to
complete.  He was indeed a remarkable man and leader.

Somehow MacGregor finagled so that he was the pilot to fly me to Pusan.
He worked it so we would leave late on Friday, he would fly back Sunday
and I would report to duty on Monday morning.

We had a beautiful flight over and he let me fly for most of the way,
the Korean countryside is mountainous and beautiful with its peaks and
valleys and at this time of year mostly green, but the water in rice
paddies shimmering in the heat.
Arriving at Pusan, we were driven to where I would be quartered.  It was
in a Quonset hut, but one, which had been partitioned off into rooms.
My room was just large enough for the bed, a wardrobe, a desk and chair
and maybe four feet of open space.  Felt more like a cell than a room.

Since I had the use of a jeep and a driver, we asked the driver if he
knew of a good Korean inn by the ocean where we might swim.  Nodding his
head we only hoped he knew what we had asked.  We were driven for about
an hour north of the city to a very nice inn located above some dunes on
the ocean.  He helped us get registered then making arrangements to pick
us up on Sunday afternoon left us.  We had a nice room with the mats and
Korean mattress and quilts the sliding doors looked out over the ocean
and we seemed to be in a detached annex.  This we liked. Walking
barefoot we went down to the ocean, and waded in the rippling waves, the
water was a bit warmer than I had expected.  There were some late
afternoon bathers and most to them nude.  It was the first time I had
really had a chance to look at naked Koreans, and found that of course
there is little difference.  People the world over look the same nude,
except for there skin color.

Walking back we made arrangements for dinner, and then moved to the bath
to cleanse ourselves and soak in the hot pool.

We had a good dinner, and both of us are getting pretty proficient at
using chopsticks, which made us very proud.  We took turns picking up
tidbits and feeding them to each other, we had tea and sake and had a
very enjoyable time.
The best was yet to come.  The maid came in and made up the bed, we left
a small light burning and removed our clothes, I gloried in his
masculine nakedness, his face, he body, his magnificent cock hanging
loose over his low hanging balls.  He looked as if he should have been a
model for a Greek sculpture by Praxiteles or for Michelangelo, as he
stood there in the flickering light.

Like two magnets seeking each other our bodies clashed together, our
lips touching, and Alex opening his mouth slightly to trace his tongue
over my lips.  I tried to mirror his actions as our arms were wrapping
themselves around each other and hands were rubbing each other's backs
and buttocks.

We continued exploring each other's mouth and lips, Alex kissed my nose
and finding my right nipple, ran his finger around it and stroking and
pulling it erect, he then moved to the left nipple and repeated his
actions, all the time giving me kisses on my nose, eyelids and ears.

Once again our mouths met and it felt like we were about to swallow each
other's tongues.  I groaned and could feel pre-cum leaking from my cock,
my cock seemed to be harder than it ever had been before and I was
experiencing sensations and feelings I had never dreamed existed.  I had
thought sex with Alex before was the epitome, but this was surpassing
anything we had before.  Could it be because for the first time we were
alone and had no fear of discovery or interruption?  Whatever it was I
could only savor the moment and hope it continued.

He took his hands and just held my face looking at me with this
incredible and loving smile.  Love for this man welled up inside me and
I moved my face closer so I could press my lips to his, but he stopped
me and having me stick out my tongue, he did the same and we laved each
other's tongues for the longest time, before he leaned over and gently
nipped and kissed first my lower lip and than the upper, finally
bringing his mouth down to crush on mine as we dove our tongues into
each other's mouth in a frenzy.

His mouth left mine and attacked my neck just below my right earlobe.
His tongue swirling and stabbing at my neck, his mouth sucking, I leaned
my head to the left to open my neck to his attentions, and to show him
how much I wanted him to continue, so the incredible sensations I was
feeling would continue.
He worked and moved along the underside of by jaw, towards my throat,
licking, sucking and rubbing with his mouth, at first slow and then with
more heated passion.

He stopped, I felt lost, and I looked at him and started to work on his
neck as he had on mine.  He opened his neck to my hungry ministrations
and low, sexy moans began coming from his mouth. I caressed his back
with my hands loving the feeling of the silky smooth skin and muscle
ripple beneath my hands.
I had almost finished with the expanse of his neck when he pulled back,
bent over and started licking one of my nipples.  His tongue swirled
around the flesh of my nipple, while his mouth sucked on it gently and
his teeth made little nips on the growing nub which sent shocks to be my
cock.  Each time he nipped I could feel my cock pulse and pre-cum oozed
out and down to my balls.  His mouth left my chest and bending down with
one hand grasped my cock.  He knelt and licked the pre-cum from my body
and began to lick the head of my cock, making sure he got every bit of
liquid coming out.  He took my cock into his mouth and gently sucked,
the workings of his mouth and tongue were more than I could bear, and I
pulled his head off my cock and pulled him to his feet.

Kneeling I looked at his cock with its dark purple head looking like a
plum as pre-cum leaked over it.  I ran my tongue over the shiny surface,
tasting him and sucking him into my mouth.  I swirled my tongue around
the head, hoping I was giving him as much pleasure as he had me.  He
pulled me up and embracing me moved over to the bed on the floor.

He pushed my down, so I was laying on my back, head on the pillow, then
laid down on top me, covering my body from head to toe with his.
He spread my legs with his knees and settled between them.  He placed
his lips on mine in a hungry passion.  I was running my hands from his
shoulders to his butt, feeling the wonderful muscled body above me.   He
ground his crotch into mine; the movement of his body was jacking our
cocks, our stomachs getting slick with our juices.  He spread my legs
further apart, moved his mouth to my right nipple and gripped the nub
between his teeth, slowly applying pressure.  The pain was exquisite and
when it grew to such intensity I was arching my back, he released the
nub and continued to lick the swollen flesh.  He moved to the other
nipple, doing the same thing.  My knees began to bend and my legs rise
on their own accord.  He slid further down my body, sucking and kissing
my navel and then engulfing my cock with his mouth. He sucked my cock
fully into his mouth and into his throat, and with those muscles
squeezed the head.  I couldn't believe how wonderful he was making me feel.

H slipped his hands under my ass lifting it up to his face and using his
thumbs to spread my cheeks.  I grabbed my legs with my hands and held
them back and wide for him.  I watched as he bent his head and his
tongue thrust out between his lips to move into my ass crack.
Pleasurable shock ran through my body as he washed my hole and
surrounding area with his tongue.  I could feel him putting more and
more saliva on and around my quivering opening.  Soon, he stiffened his
tongue and began to probe the opening like a small finger.  The heat of
his mouth, the slickness of his salvia had helped relax my hole and his
tongue started to slip through.  He spread my ass checks wider and with
his lips closed like suction over my hole, and his tongue probing I was
thrashing around on the bed.  Taking this as a sign of passion he took
his right hand and began to massage my hole.  He inserted a finger into
me, and as it continued to slide in and out I could feel the ring of my
ass clamp down on it.  He was using twisting motion at the same time,
widening and circle and opening the anal ring.  I felt a second finger
slip in to join the first and he kept up this sweet torture until he had
four fingers up my chute.  I panicked was he going to shove his whole
hand into me?

The twisting of his hand with the in and out motion was stretching my
hole wider than I thought possible, but was creating an incredible
feeling.  "Fuck me, Fuck me" I cried.  He removed his fingers, giving me
an empty loneliness, which made me wish he had stopped,  He then began
inching toward m on his knees, and leveraging my ass on his thighs,
placed the head of  his cock at my asshole.  He inched closing making
positive that his cock head was lodged in my quivering opening.  I felt
a pressure, followed by a slight pain, but the stretching done by his
hand made his entrance into me easy.  I could feel my rectal passage
expand to accommodate him, and pulling his head down gave he a deep kiss.
He began a circular motion with his cock, widening me and moving his
throbbing cock around inside me.  He lifted my legs and placed them on
his shoulders.  I felt him pulling slowly from inside me, out to the
head and then back inside till I could feel his balls on my ass.  After
doing this for a few minutes while my head was tossing and turning, he
pulled completely out of me.  I cried out "NO!", but he had immediately
shoved back into me hitting my prostate and sending waves of pleasure
through me.  He continued to tease me by completely withdrawing and then
sinking in one long stroke all the way into me.  After a while he sank
into me all the way and held it there.  Lifting me up a little more and
letting my legs go around his waist, so my ass was sticking up more he
began to fuck me again.  His balls would hit my ass and his cock my
prostate as he increased the speed of his fuck.  He found a wonderful
rhythm as his pounding my ass a little harder every few strokes.  He was
driving me crazy with lust as my heat thrashed about and deep moans were
coming from my throat.  I began to feel the beginnings of an orgasm
myself, and he must have sensed this as he ground his crotch into me as
if to get even more of himself in my channel.  Gently kissing me, he
stayed still inside me and I could feel the sensations of coming leaving
me.  He then began fucking me slowly at first and then speeding up.  His
cock was pounding into me, stabbing into from different angles as I once
again approached a climax.  I knew I was about to cum, he was literally
fucking the cum out of me.  With a cry, I began to cum, the first shot
flew up over my head, and the next shots hit his chest and dripped down
on me.  My asshole was squeezing his cock and I guess the added pressure
caused him to cum.  He threw his head back and slammed his cock full
force all the way into me, and I could feel his cock expand as he shot
his cum deep inside me.  Spasms shuddered through both our bodies, and
then started to a slow fuck again.  He was using my tightening ass to
milk the last from his cock as I could feel it softening and begin to
slip out of me.  He lowered himself down on me and my legs slipped from
their grip around his waist, as my cum smeared both of us we kissed
deeply, I caressed his back and butt as our breathing began to return to
normal.  Alex then rolled off me onto his side and using his free hand
turned me so that my back was pressed against him, and his arms were
holding me close.  He kissed the back of my neck and then lying there
contentedly, we fell asleep.
I was awakened in the morning with by a subtle pressure on my asshole,
as I became more awake I could feel Alex entering into me, and I became
wide awake as his cock was fully entered and his balls were crushed
against my ass.  We were still lying side by side and I turned my head
to give him a kiss.  We held it as long as we could then disengaging he
rolled me over on my stomach and began the alternation strokes of
fucking me by pulling his cock out and slowly pushing it in.  The
sensations of last night were returning to my body and I raised up,
pushing my ass up, wanting more and more of him in me.

As his fucking grew in intensity, I pushed back even harder with my ass
to get as much of him inside of as was possible.  He must have enjoyed
my participation as soon he was moaning with pleasure and with a cry he
plunged into me as though trying to get this cock and both balls inside
me, and I could feel his cock spasming as he unloaded his sperm into my
receptive channel.  His cock softened and slipped from me, and he gently
turned me over and with a swoop his mouth had enveloped by cock to the
root.  He sucked and laved my cock, and then moved to my balls, laving
them and then taking them one at time into his mouth, and rolling his
tongue over them, all of a sudden he opened his mouth wide and both of
my balls were engulfed in his warm moist cavern, as he sucked and played
his tongue over them.  Releasing them he went down on my cock again and
the touch and nibbles of his tongue and mouth on my cock head was
causing my balls to draw up and in a few moments great spurts of cum
were spurting from me into his waiting mouth.  As the final spurts came
he let my cock slide from his mouth and with a satisfied expression on
his face leaned down and covering my lips with his forced my mouth open
so he could exchange my cum with me, finally satiated for the time
being, he leaned back and said: 'Laddie, tha tis th wa ta begin a
morning, wih a go fuck an suck."

We walked to the bath, bathed, dressed and ate, then went out to hike
along the dunes and into the forested land above the ocean.  We walked
either hand in hand or with arms entwined around each other's waist.  We
saw people down on the beach but none where we were; we savored the time
alone and just being together, with a gentle kiss becoming a passionate
one every so often.  I felt besotted, but also knew this interlude would
soon end, and that left me with a pang of regret and loneliness. I knew
that when our tours of duty were over the possibility of our being
together was slim, and made up my mind to enjoy every moment I could
with Alex, and savor it for memories of a perfect time when two men were
in tune with each other and could only think of giving each other pleasure.

Alex's face was closed and serious at times, but I did not want to know
his thoughts, we walked, rambled and then returned to the inn for lunch.
After lunch, we went to our room stripped and wrapping towels around us
went down to the beach.  Since most of the bathers were nude, it not
bother us to be so, and most of them were men.  We swam, sunned and
played the afternoon away, all too soon it was becoming dusk, and time
for us to return to the inn.
Stopping for clean clothes we went to the bath, it was empty so we had a
great time sloshing the water over each other and then soaping down each
other making soap swirls on each bodies, pushing soaping fingers up each
other's asses and in general having a great time.  We finally rinsed and
got into the hot pool, as we lay there I could feel Alex's foot slide up
and down my inner leg and finally this toes were playing with my cock
and balls, and the next thing was a periscope rising out of the water as
I became erect, he laughed and reached over to kiss the head.  Not
wanting to stop, but not wanting to be caught we got out dried dressed
and went to dinner.

We requested the room to be made ready for the night while we were
eating, and upon returning to the room began undressing each other,
removing ties, undoing buttons, pulling shirts from pants, tee shirts
over heads and then the slow movements of undoing belts and pants and
pushing pants and underwear down, then we each removed our sox, pants
and underwear and stood facing each other, we came together in a kiss.

Our two cocks sparred with each other between our bodies, their heads
rubbing together and spreading the pre-cum leaking from them over our
cocks and lower bellies.  The pressure and pulsing of Alex's cock was
getting to me, and breaking the contact of our bodies I slid down and
took his cock in my mouth.  I loved the feel of the rounded hardness and
head sliding over my tongue, and opened my mouth and throat to get as
much as I could.

I was moving slowly sliding my mouth and tongue over this glorious
cock.  Every two or three strokes he ejected some more pre-cum
tantalizing my taste buds and mixing with my saliva.  After a while Alex
grew tired of standing, reaching down he pulled me up into his arms and
deep kissed me as he maneuvered us to the bed.
I pushed him over on his back and raising his legs was able to look at
what I desired.  I pulled his ass checks apart and could see his almost
smooth hole, surrounded by only a few reddish blond hairs.  I licked my
tongue up and down the crevice between his cheeks, paying special
attention to the area around the hole and the hole itself.

I was rock hard and placing myself between his legs put the tip of my
cock at his doorway of delight.  With one push I was half way in.  It
was delicious the way his flesh crept around the hardness of my cock, as
he pushed back to allow me full access.  I slowly began to pull out,
stopped after only an inch or two, and then reversed directions sliding
deeply in.  Alex moaned softly as I began a rhythm of about half way
out, then back slow.  I wanted to give him the joy he had given me, but
it was getting harder and harder to restrain my movements.  Moving at a
steady pace I began to fuck Alex.  Strong clenches of muscle alternated
with velvet pressure as my cock moved in and out.

Taking one of his ankles in each hand I pulled his legs further apart
and pushed back.  This rolled him higher, and I began taking longer
fuller strokes, pulling almost all the way out then back as deep as I could.
Alex would squeeze his ass tight, causing me to push even harder.  I
fucked the ass in front of me with deep, strong and penetrating strokes
I finally could go on no longer and when Alex once again clenched his
ass muscles, I burst like a fountain deep inside of him, I felt as if
would shoot all of myself into that warm moist cavern.  My body shook as
the almost unendurable severity of my orgasm took place.

Collapsing on Alex's body, I felt his legs lower alongside of me as I
gulped great gusts of breath into my heaving lungs.  He wrapped his arms
around me and held me until my breathing had returned to normal and my
cock had slipped from his warm lovers' embrace.

Looking up at smiling and me he said: "Tha wa wonderful, Ta."   Looking
down I replied: "No it is I who should be thanking you."

He turned me over on my back and gently began to lick the juices from my
cock, seeming to savor each and every taste he had.  Then pushing my
legs up made an assault on my hole and when he had it sufficiently open
did a repeat on me of the night before, and caused me to come again as
he pounded my prostate and gave me almost unbearable sensations
throughout my body, as he not only fucked me, but assaulted my nipples,
mouth, neck and ears, until I was thrashing and moaning with ecstasy.

With a final lunge and a bite on my right nipple I could feel his steel
shaft pulse and quiver within me as he unloaded his essence into my
body.  Never again would I be the same, from here on out a part of Alex
would always be with me no matter how far apart we are.

He gently lay on me, and I kissed his face and then his lips, pushing my
tongue against his teeth until he opened up and we fought a duel with
our tongues.  We continued to devour each other until his cock grew soft
and slipped from me, leaving me feeling deserted and empty.  Returning
his favor I moved down and gently licked and cleaned his cock head and
shaft, then feeling frisky nibbled at his balls until he pulled me up
and wrapping his arms around me we fell asleep.

I was awakened the next morning with the delicious feeling of having my
left nipple sucked and the right one being rubbed and twisted by Alex's
thumb and finger.  I put my hands down and pulled his head up so I could
kiss him and run my hands over his back and buttocks.  I knew what I
wanted, and upon breaking the kiss flipped around so that my head was at
his cock, and I began to lick and caress the plum colored head with my
tongue.  Trying to put my tongue into his slit, and finally enveloping
his cockhead in my mouth.  Much as I wanted him up my ass I wanted to
taste and have his cum in my mouth, throat and stomach.  I moved down
and began to work on his balls, as I felt his mouth place tiny kisses
and nips on the head of my cock and the shaft itself, he moved from
there to my balls laving and sucking them, then on to the perineum and
finally to my ass opening.  Much as I wanted him to take me, I was
determined that this would be what I would have to remember him by,
until we met again, his wonderful taste and smell.

We teased and sucked each other and fingers entered into assholes and
probed and twisted and hit prostates and we finally exploded into each
other's mouths.  Nectar of the gods and it would have to last me for
almost a month.  I savored the moment and regretted that we had to go
bathe, dress and leave this little inn.  It had been the happiest hours
of my life, and I hoped that they would be repeated.

After breakfast, the driver appeared and we paid our bill and were taken
back to the base.  This was more like a regular base with all the
various establishments.  I had the driver drop us off at my quarters,
and told him to meet us at the Officers Club about 1400, to take Alex to
the airstrip, then Alex would be back at our K site about 1600, he had
some supplies which were being loaded and were the reason for the
layover, or what he used as an excuse.
The Officers Club was a nice building, and we went into the dining room,
which was a treat.  Tables set with linen and silver, not the field type
mess we were used to. Since it was warm the windows were open and we
were made aware of the horrible positioning of the dining room. It was
on a slight knoll, and on three sides were rice paddies with their
attendant fertilization, and the sweet sickening smell of excrement
assailed our nostrils.  While they had a decent menu, being on the sea
and able to get supplies in regularly by ship, with the smell all I
wanted was a salad.  I learned when going to eat to sit as far as
possible from the windows and it was bearable.  We finished lunch, went
to the lounge and talked until time for the driver to pick Alex up, I
waved goodbye to him and walked back to my room, opened the high windows
and tried to get some circulation and air in the tiny stifling room.
Then set off to find the library where I found some books I had wanted
to read, checked them out, went to my room stripped and read.

Had a good dinner for a change, steak that I had not seen for two months
and some baked potatoes.  Had a restless night, room too warm and not
much air, plus I kept having dreams of Alex and would wake to find
myself alone.  Must get used to it.


Want more?  Comments  afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 23)

Date: Sun, 11 Jan 2004 16:30:54 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 5

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 5

I awoke the next morning, stiff and sore, my body was sore from the
whippings, even though the had not broken the skin, nor caused any
discernable damage, my nipples were puffy, red, sore and showed the
marks from where the clips had been.  My cock and balls were sore and
the balls were swollen a little and my upper thighs showed some bruises
from where the weights had banged against them when I was running.  My
ass and anal canal were very sore and I hated the thought of having to
go to the latrine in the near future.
It was a chore, but I got up shaved, dressed and went to breakfast.  I
guess someone must have informed Lt. Col. Sheffield of my condition, as
while I was eating he came over and told me to meet him in his quarters
when I finished.
I walked down and knocked on his door, he invited me in and said:  "I
understand you may have had a rough time yesterday.  Please take off
your clothes so I can see your body."  I demurred, saying it was
nothing.  Sheffield replied: "Lt. that was a request, this is an order,
strip now.'  Put that way, I removed my clothes and stood naked before
him.  He ran his hands over my body, feeling various places which still
looked reddish under my tan, lightly fingering my nipples causing me to
wince, and lifting my cock and balls and seeing the lines still left by
the straps, and asking if the balls hurt.  I told him they ached a
little, but not bad, he gave them a slight squeeze and I howled with
pain.  Looking at me he said:  "I will have a bed made up in the
transient quarters for you to use until you are better.  The medic will
come to see you, and give whatever medication he thinks will help.  If
he thinks it necessary we will send you to the hospital in Pusan."  I
tried to talk him out of it, but he was adamant, telling me that he
would inform General Park Ah Lee that I would be unavailable for that
week, as I was scheduled to take a trip to the Buddhist Temple Haein-sa
the coming weekend and he intended I be well enough to make the trip.

Having me pick up my clothes he opened the door between his quarters and
the rest of the barracks, walked with me down to my bunk, had me put my
clothes away, put on a yukata and slip ons and walked out the west door
across the walk and into the transient quarters.  In a few minutes,
Jim-San came in and made up a bed, then went back over and got my ditty
bag with what he thought I would need.  The medic Sgt. Holland came in,
had me take off the yukata, so he could assess my injuries, checked me
over well, making me wince more than once.  I knew he was trying to be
gentle but needed to find things out.  He told he thought I just needed
rest and some medicine to alleviate the pain.  This was what I had
thought all along and said: "I think they are making mountains out of
molehills."  He replied: "No, just taking the right precautions and
having you over here means you can sleep uninterrupted by the noise of
the others and also they will not have to try and be quiet so as not to
disturb you.  This way everyone would win.  He gave me some pain pills,
and sleeping pill, said he would have someone bring me lunch and dinner
and he would check in on me off and on.  Taking the pills I lay on the
bed pulled a sheet over me and was soon asleep.

I was plagued by dreams and woke myself up a couple of times, now I was
glad I was not with the rest of officers, as would have been most
embarrassed. Food was brought to me, and Holland came again in the
evening, giving me some more pain pills and a sleeping pill, and next
thing I knew it was morning.
I struggled up, wondering where I was and then remembered.  I felt
pretty good, a little light headed from the pain pills, but had only
aches here and there, but I smelled of dried sweat and who knows what.
When Jim-San came in I had him go and see if he could find a jerrycan
and fill it with quite warm water, bring it to me so I could wash
myself.  He found one and I was able to wash most of my body and dry
off.  Feeling good, I went over got some of my clothes, dressed and went
to the mess hall for breakfast.  Those there were polite, asking how I
felt, but did not pry into what happened.  Sheffield came in and told me
to go see Holland after breakfast and then follow what he told me to do.
Having our usual breakfast of powder eggs, scrambled, toast and coffee I
went to find Holland.  He had me strip, checked my body over, found some
tender places, gave me some pain pills and another sleeping pill,
telling me to go back and go to bed for the day, he would see food was
brought to me.  I vaguely remembered someone bringing lunch, but was
awake for dinner. Holland came by said I could go take a shower and left
two sleeping pills for me to take when I got back, and said: "Come see
after breakfast in the morning."

Felt great to take a shower and just feel the hot water cascade over my
body, pure luxury.  I put my yukata on and went back to my bed.  Just as
I was going to take the pills Alex came in, and sitting down on the bed
next to me took me in his arms, and gently kissed me.  His hands were
roving over my body, and he was murmuring what he would like us to do.
This show of tenderness after what I had been through broke down what
little reserves I had left and the tears began to flow down my cheeks,
not from pain, but just because someone showed they really cared.  After
I took the pills he helped me into bed and lay next to me holding and
comforting me in his arms, I do not know when he left as I fell into a
deep and contented sleep.

Felt good the next day, hardly any pain, after breakfast saw Holland, he
gave me some pills in case I needed them and said I could go back to
work if I wanted, but to sleep in the transient until I went on the trip.
Had a stack of paperwork to wade through, but felt good to be able to be
productive again.  At lunch, several asked how I was doing, and said
they were glad to see me back.  While they probably did not know the
cause of it all, was nice to have them show some concern for me.

Was pleasantly tired that night and did not feel the need for a pill to
help me sleep.  I was awakened by hearing: "Laddie, Laddie are ye
awake?"  It was Alex, he came in dressed only in his kilt.  Asking what
time it was he told me about 0100.

Taking off his kilt, he bent down lifted me up and his hands began to
touch my chest and stomach.  I liked the soft touch and slight tickle,
especially when his fingers got closer and closer to my nipples.  Taking
one nipple between his thumb and finger, Alex pinched and sent signal
straight to my cock as I murmured in desire. He pinched again, let go
and then pinched the other just like the first saying: "I think I have
found some buttons."  All during his time I had been moving my hands
over Alex's back and cupping his buttocks. Alex now pulled me to him  so
our chests were touching and we wrapped our arms around each other.  We
slowly came together in a kiss, which was more of an exploration of each
other's mouth.  Alex began to move his mouth across my face toward my
right ear and neck, planting frequent quick kisses along the way.  I let
myself go and let my emotions take over allowing him to do as he wished,
go where he wanted and do whatever he felt like.  It felt like my whole
body was being controlled by my heartbeats, and my cock was throbbing
and straining upward.
Our bodies were close together, and our cocks fought with each other,
rubbing their heads together as we pressed against each other.  Alex's
hands continued to move about, moving lower and lower down my back until
racing the twin mounds of my ass.  He manipulated my ass, pulling the
cheeks apart, and running his hand up and down the crack, lightly
pressing on my hole.
I could feel Alex's cock against mine and breaking the connection, I
slid down, licked his cock and took it into my mouth.  I loved the
feeling of its hardness and the round head sliding over my tongue, and
moving up and down tried to get as much of it in my mouth as I could.  I
kept this up until Alex reached down pulled me and kissing me pushed me
down on the bed.

Our mouths opened and tongues explored as we kissed each other over and
over again.  With his hands kneading and rolling my butt as he had done
earlier, was making me want him inside me.  He placed a pillow under me
he raised me up spread my cheeks and swept his tongue through my ass
crack.  When it reached the hole, he teased and kissed it causing me to
moan in wanting more.  He worked his tongue slowly around the outside of
my asshole causing me to breathe deeply, tense up, and then relax.  As I
relaxed he repeated the whole process, a light film of sweat was
beginning to cover my body making it slippery.

Alex pulled away and reaching over to where he placed something when he
came in, liberally coated his cock with some lubricant.  Knowing what
was coming I laid back and raised my legs back, knees now almost
touching my chest.  Alex caressed my thighs and calves while rubbing the
palm of his hand against my smooth balls and cock.  Moving his hand
lower he felt the wetness from his previous action and rubbing a finger
slowly around the opening he caused me to wag my head, and use my arms
to pull harder on my legs to make the hole even more accessible to his
ministrations.  Cool drops of lube added to the intensity of my
feelings, and though wanting to completely relax still tightened up as
he proceeded to work my entry with one, two and then three fingers.
I was now tossing my head from side to side and moaning, not with pain
but pleasure.

"Are you ok?" he asked.  At first I could only moan but finally said:
"Oh my God, yes!"

Alex was ready to move.  "Here we go laddie" and leaning forward lined
his cock up, then slowly on his knees moved closer to my waiting hole.
The head of his cock touched the entry and he slowly pushed in, not
wanting to hurt me, there was some resistance as the continued pressure
caused my ass to open and yield.  Slowly steadily he pushed, adjusting
his weight  on his knees and hands.  Holding himself up with an arm on
each side of my legs and his head between my uplifted legs.  I could
feel him push in and I could not help myself but pushed back against him
giving myself to this man.

He finally was fully inserted in me, and than stopped.  I was squirming
around under him trying to feel every inch of his length and width.  As
I did this he slowly began to pull out, stopped after an inch or two,
reversed direction and slid deeply back in.  I was moaning audibly by
this time, causing him to say "Quiet Laddie, Quiet Laddie."  I tried to
muffle my groans as much as possible. Once more he pulled out about half
way and then back inside.  He wanted me to be comfortable, but I wanted
him to really fuck me, so said "Fuck me, use my ass.  You feel so damn
good.  Do it to me."

He picked up the pace a little faster and harder, my cock was leaking
precum, and I was getting more and more turned on by his actions.

I dropped my arms and held them above my head, Alex took my ankles in
his hands, pulled my legs further apart and pushing me back and higher
he started taking longer fuller strokes, pulling almost all the way back
and then back in deep.  I was using my ass muscles to try and milk him
as well as squeezing my ass tight which made him have to push a little
harder.

Pulling all the way out he said: "Get on your knees for me."  I
reluctantly  separated, but only long enough to change positions and he
had realigned his cock and was pushing it in.  I was loving what he was
doing to me and my own cock was showing the effects.  It was bouncing
with each stroke, copiously dripping precum and needing attention.
Holding myself up with one arm I began to stroke myself and spread the
slick precum over the head of my cock as Alex kept up the rhythmical
fucking of my ass.  He was fucking me deep, strong, penetrating
thrusts.  Bending down he reached around with one arm and pulled us into
an upright position with both of us on our knees. He reached around with
both arms, pulling me close to him as his chest pressed against my back,
the sweat making us both slippery.  My cock now was standing straight up
with a slight curve and it was easy for me to grasp and jerk in time
with the cock going in and out of me.  Every time I felt the cock within
me hit my prostate I would feel a growing tingle.  I was afraid I would
come and so released my cock.  By now my only purpose was to give Alex
supreme pleasure, which in turn pleasured me.

Alex said: "I want, need to see your face.  Turn over."  Once again I
felt completely empty as he pulled out of me.  I turned on my back and
Alex grabbing me arranged me to his satisfaction and plunged deeply back
into me.  The new position put even more pressure on my prostrate and
was driving me crazy, Alex held my legs open giving him total access to
me.  Saying: "I'm getting real close Laddie, come with me."  He
contorted his body and took my cock in his mouth with a deep thrust in
me I could feel the pressure on my prostrate and exploded in his mouth,
at the same time it seemed his cock got even bigger and I could feel it
contracting as he spewed his essence into me.
Lowering himself on me we tried to catch our breath, His cock was still
buried deep inside of me and I gave it little squeezes. Slowly we moved
together and began kissing each other, I put my hand in back of his head
and pulled him even tighter probing my tongue in his mouth for a taste
of my seed.
Raising up, Alex said;  "Laddie, that was great, truly a wonderful
thing.  Thank you."

"No," I replied, "it is you I should thank.  You have shown me what true
passion between two men can really be like.  You have opened a whole new
world for me and I love you for that."

Looking down at me he raised up on his hands, moved back and pulled
himself from me.  I grabbed him and licked his cock clean of the sperm
and ass juices and lovingly kissed it.

I watched as he got up to put on his kilt and leave.  I could only
think, how handsome I thought he was and how I wanted him. Thoughts ran
through my head that maybe next time I could fuck him and what would it
be like.
He reached down, pulled me up and we held each other tight, we began to
kiss, slowly, tenderly and lightly.  Our feelings stirred as the kisses
deepened, tongues tasting each other again and again, two bodies trying
to become one.  I could feel our slick chests sliding against each other
and through his kilt could feel his cock raising and becoming as hard as
mine.  But the night was over, we reluctantly parted and Alex quietly
made his way back to his own bed.
I tried to remake my tumbled bed and finally fell into it, exhausted,
exhilarated and sad.  I knew now just how awesome and truly satisfying
sex between men could be and how it should be done.  I made up my mind
to have sex with Alex, whenever and however I could.  I knew that he
probably would never feel for me the way I felt for him and the vagaries
of  service life would mean our chances of ever meeting again would be
slim.  But for now I would take all I could get.  With those thoughts I
fell into a satisfying sleep.
The next morning I tried to sponge off as much as I could of the
previous nights activities and was surprised at how well I felt.

At lunch Alex, whispered in my ear "Laddie, your have a wee bit of
stubble, bring your shaving gear to the showers about 2100 and we will
get it taken care of" and with that he left the mess hall.

Did not see him at dinner, and so at 2100 went to shower, he was right
behind me, and I asked "What if someone sees?"  He answered: "They all
know you shave, and must know you need help, think nothing of it."  We
showered and I lay down on a bench while he lathered and shaved me from
the neck down, several people came in to shower, and asked "Does he do a
good job?" and went on about their way.  After that whenever I needed
help to shave did not think twice about being seen.  These people are
the most open-minded and uncritical that I have ever been around.

That night I lay on my bed naked and aroused in anticipation of Alex
coming over, I napped off and on and once again around 0100 he showed
up.  I jumped up and wrapping my arms around him began to feverishly
kiss him.  "Och Laddie, slow down."  He said as my hands roamed his
body.  Gently pushing me away he undid his kilt and lay it aside.  I
clasped him to me again our cocks hard and demanding against each
other.  I ran my hands over his butt and was thinking how warm and tight
his ass would be on my cock.

I took one nipple between thumb and finger and twisted and pulled, he
moaned as I did the same to the other, I bent my head and taking first
one then the other nipple in my mouth tongued and kissed the erect
nubs.  Moving down I let my tongue was his navel and then moved down to
engulf his cock in my mouth.
With his cock imbedded in my mouth I pushed him back and down on the
bed.  I moved down and laved his balls and took them one at a time into
my mouth, before licking the perineum and back to my goal, that winking
hole between his ass cheeks.  Finding my goal I kissed and tongued the
area until I could feel it open up and was able to get the tip of my
tongue in.  By this time he was clutching at me and saying:  "Laddie
fuck me, fuck me now."  I was about to get some lube, when he said "Gi
me ye cock, I'll moisten it for you.  Tis all ye wi need."  I lowered my
cock as he lifted his head and in one swallow took me all the way in his
mouth and throat to my pubes and slowly worked his way to the tip
leaving it moist with his spit.

I placed my cock at his opening and pushed.  He resisted somewhat and
then opened and it slid all the way in.

I looked down at Alex, seeing his smooth skin with a sprinkling of
golden red hair outlining his nipples and fanning out across his chest
and down to a trimmed bush above his cock.  He did not shave but did
trim. We were both sliding into total and complete lust and my thoughts
were focusing on giving him what he asked for, becoming aware of his
pushing his ass back at me, and feeling the pleasure of the moment.  It
was one of those almost never times when we both seemed to be in sync
each working for the others pleasure.  I could feel his ass muscles
working on my cock and his tightening of the hole which made me push
harder and increased the friction.  It was a delicious feeling as I
could feel Alex's anal canal creep around the hardness of my cock; it
felt as if I was in a velvet pulsating tunnel. At this time it was hard
to tell who was gaining the most enjoyment from the fuck.  Both of us
were moaning in ecstasy and to muffle the cries I bent down, kissed him
and shoved my tongue into his mouth. Our heads moved from side to side
on the pillow as we began to reach a climax.   I could feel the tingling
in my balls and feel them start to pull up, as much as I wanted to
prolong this exquisite feeling I couldn't.  My balls erupted into a
torrent coating his love channel.  Knowing I had come, Alex pushed me
off of him, pulled me up and spreading my ass cheeks, had me sit on his
upright cock, and do up and down movements, with only a few he thrust
his pelvis up hard against me and I felt his cock contract and expand as
he shot.  He pulled me down and gently kissed me, then said: "I knew it
wou be gran."
Alex did not think it wise to be gone as long as he was the night before
se putting his kilt on, and lightly kissing me he left.
I knew I had found a man who instinctively knew how to play a mans body
to bring the ultimate in pleasure.

These thoughts were brought rudely to earth when I realized that my
interlude of peace and contentment could not last, come Monday if not
before I would again be with Park Ah Lee.

After lunch the next day the jeeps came to get us for the trip to
Haein-sa temple. There were seven jeeps for the seven of us who were
going.  Captains Maxwell, Harrellson,  Holm, Brock and MacGregor,  1st
Lt. Holcomb and myself.  For some odd reason Korean officers were
driving and there were two Koreans armed in the back seat.  We were
issued 45's to take with us, and I also got my Russian revolver and some
ammo for it, as was a better shot with that than with a 45.  Surprise,
my driver was Park Ah Lee, I knew this might not be a completely
enjoyable weekend, though I was looking to get to know somemore of the
Korean culture.  Our caravan set off, a truckload of armed airman well
in front of us and another truckload behind us.  We were told this was
for our protection as some of the areas were going though still had some
guerrilla activity.  The road was typical, dirt, rutted and rocky and we
bounced around creating dust.  The country was fairly flat when we
started out and rice paddies with their accompanying smells were on both
sides of the road.  Another thing, almost everywhere when  I was on a
road there were people walking in both directions, thought they must
spend most of their time walking on roads   After bouncing and choking
on dust for what seemed forever I asked how far and was told not far
only 20 kilometers.  I got this answer each time I asked and finally
after hours of driving we entered into a wooded area which was called
Kaya-san.  It was beautiful with craggy peaks, languid streams and a lot
of oak and maple trees. After the first time I had been told 20
kilometers I had looked at the speedometer and guessed we had come about
60 miles.  Since it took us about 45 minutes to go 12 miles this had
been long day as leaving at noon, we arrived to the temple guesthouse
about 1900, sore parched and tired.  We were told that the thing to see
was the morning sunrise and then we would tour the temple grounds.  We
asked where the bath was and we all immediately went there stripped and
washed and soaked away what we could of the trip, dressed and went to eat.

The smoke of the cooking fires along with the incense burning everywhere
was a most pleasant smell, not a bit of odor of their favorite fertilizer.
We were shown to quite nice Korean style rooms and while the weather was
hot and muggy it cooled off at night so was glad of the heated floor.
Park and I were shown a room in a building a little detached from the
others..  I did not like this, but did not know how to complain as the
people were assigned two to a room and I was the odd man out.

We sat around in the main room after eating a rather good meal and drank
some of the liquor, which had been brought in one of the jeeps.  Saying:
"Dawn comes early so everyone needs to rest."  Park got up, looked at me
and we went to our room.

After two nights of more than enjoyable love making I was dreading what
might come, but maybe due to the proximity of the others and being at a
temple, Park after having me strip, only got his crop and beat me across
my nipples as I had not been using the suction cups on them, then having
me stand at attention with my pelvis out and my cock and balls available
he brought the crop down on them several times as hard as he could.  I
gasped but did manage from crying out as the pain hit me.  Then pushing
me down, lifting my legs he roughly pushed his cock into me and fucked
my fast and brutal, nothing to prepare me but more like a rape of me.  I
tried to close my mind and think of MacGregor, and that did help some.
When he was spent he sprawled on me and lying on me went to sleep.  He
was about my size, but his dead weight was most uncomfortable and
finally without awakening him I was able to roll him off so I could curl
up and sleep.
A pain in my ass awakened me, as he once again shoved his cock into me
and gave me a morning fuck.

Then off to the baths, and to dress, it was still dark and he sent inn
servants to wake the rest so we could watch the sunrise.  I guess it was
ok, I have seen far more spectacular sunrises in my life, and the main
thing I noticed were the number of armed guards who were stationed along
the sides of the mountains among the trees.  This place did not give me
a feeling of peace and confidence.
After sunrise viewing and eating we began the tour of the temple. One of
the first things you encounter is not a gilt Buddha, but a self-portrait
of a monk carved in wood and painted true to life.  It sits in a glass
case and is surrounded by displays of embroidery and remnants of the
temples past.  More typical statues are found in the compounds numerous
shrines, including an 18th century trinity in the main hall.
Outstanding among the paintings and murals of this hall is one depicting
scenes from Buddha's life.

The importance of the temple is that it is the repository of the
Tripitaka Koreana, a collection of more than 80,000 woodblocks engraved
with the Buddhist scriptures.  It was completed in 1251, after nearly 20
years of work, and was a replacement of a first set destroyed by the
Mongols.  The library is an interesting building.  It was designed with
an adjustable ventilation system to prevent the deterioration of the
blocks and has worked well from the beginning.
We spent the day leisurely exploring the temple compound, but were
warned not to go into the surrounding forest.  I took a lot of photos
with a new camera, and later wished I had practiced more before the
temple trip, while the black and white pictures were good, many of the
color slides were not of the quality I would have wished for.

The monks were more than kind to us and we were fed well and had good
accommodations.  That night Park was a bit more gentle and while he
played with me, had me suck on his cock and balls, lick and rim his
asshole and crack, he only placed the suction cups on my nipples and
said they would stay there until we went to sleep.  He had me lick and
kiss him over his whole body and if he thought he might come would stop
me.  Finally getting me on my hands and knees he began to fuck me, then
calling out one of the guards entered, Park told him to strip and for me
to suck him.  He seemed to enjoy seeing me being used at both ends.
Park reached under me found my hardening cock and painfully pulled it
down away from my body as far as he could, then grasping my balls pulled
them to the bottom of the sack and down as far as he could, finally
slapping them as hard as could, I could not help but scream, but it was
muffled by the cock in my mouth.  Finally both came, and their deflated
organs dropped from my body. Ripping the suction cups from my nips, Park
said: 'We go bathe" so to the bath we went washed soaked and back to the
room where he reattached the suction cups.
He had me dress in just trousers, shirt, shoes and sox, so that the
shirt could hang loosely over the cups.  Then we went off to visit with
the others and to discuss the day and what we had seen.  One of the
monks came in and gave us a pretty good history of the temple.  Wished
there were some way to record it all, will try and remember as much as
possible so I can write it down.  They have a very interesting and
history, am trying to figure out just where the streak of cruelty comes
from I see in them.  They have a great cultural background with many
outstanding and beautiful things in it.  They are most gentle in raising
children, but once adults there seems to be an attitude change.  Wonder
if I ever will figure them out.

We sat around taking and drinking and making plans for our return.  It
had been arranged that the monks would prepare some kind of lunch to
take with us, and since there was a fresh spring at the temple, we would
take the chance of filling our canteens and dropping in a purification
tablet, so we would have water to drink on the way back.

Finally calling it a day we all went off to bed.  Park was surprisingly
gentle that night and while he did fuck me twice was not all brutal
about it.  I have the feeling I shall never understand him, nor find a
way to outwit him.
We had a most enjoyable (or as enjoyable as a trip on a rutted rocky
road could be) trip, as would be taking our time and could enjoy the
scenery of the mountains and the forest and we drove through.  The trees
gave a nice green canopy and there were several streams, which ran close
to the road.  We passed some men carrying logs on the "A-frame" on their
backs; this allows them to carry incredible loads.  Also, some women and
one had some of the Korean white radishes, which are quite large and
used in chimchi.  There seemed to be few people walking along the roads
in the forest, but once we gained the main road they were there.  One
thing about Korean roads, at least where we were, there were trees
planted alongside the road, which did give some shade to the people
walking.  Never did find out if that was the purpose, or because of the
limited amount of land for farming that they used this method to get
lumber, as there were large and small trees along the way.
Finally got back, and was glad to get a shower and get the dust and
grime off, and get my clothes to be laundered.  They needed it.
Everything seems to be happening at once.  The trip to the temple and
now this week it is the 4th of July.
What can a group of 50-70 men do to celebrate?  There had been a
collection made and a couple of our men had flown over to Japan and
brought back hamburger, and the things to go with it and wonder of
wonders ice cream.  Will have a big barbecue type supper, but since it
is a non-workday will go to the beach for most of the day.
Is about a 30 minute drive to the beach we use, took along a truckload
of Korean airmen to watch our vehicles while were swimming.  Have to
park then walk down a cliff to a nice beach and a good place to swim in
the ocean.  Most of us who had been swimming before just removed and
placed our clothes in a spot, which was dry and swam and played naked.
A few of the newcomers had suits, but soon discarded them when they saw
that no one else was wearing them.  Since we had all probably seen each
other naked in the showers there was nothing new to be seen, and it
seemed to be the natural way to be. There is a wonderful freedom in
swimming and coming out to air dry and not have a wet suit clinging to
you.   The only time we had to watch it was when we played volleyball
that if you dove or fell you made sure that you did not dig your cock in
the sand.  If you did that once you quickly learned how to avoid it.

There were some sunburns, but a good time was had by all, and the
barbecue that night was a big success, everyone enjoyed it.

The next morning the first sergeant brought me a set of letter orders.
On or about 9 July I was to go to Pusan for approximately 30 days TDY
for the purpose of acting as Detachment Commander and Supervisory
Authority to the 40th ROKAF command supply depot.  This gave me time to
get things organized here before I left, get my clothes laundered and
tie up any loose ends.
Park was not happy about the assignment when I told him that night and
he showed it in his actions and his fucking of me.  He told me he would
be coming to Pusan and would see me there a few times.  There is no way
to really get away from him.

Had some photo's I wanted to develop so signed up to use the photo lab.
Alex decided he needed to do some so he signed up for the time right
after me.  He had an ulterior motive I did not know of at the time.
He said he would come down with me, we went into the dark room and
locked the door, putting the in use sign on the outside.  We worked
together getting our film into the developer and getting started, as the
film was developing Alex began to unbutton my shirt and take it off, he
pulled my tee up and over my head, and I followed his lead mirroring his
movements, we then undid belts, buttons and zippers and pushed pants and
underwear down.  Each bending down removed shoes, sox and pulled the
pants and underwear off, tossing clothes in a corner we came together
putting our arms around each other and deeply kissing.  I did not know
developing film could be so much fun.

We continued to develop the film and then while it was drying we got on
the floor and 69nd, it felt great to have his cock in my mouth and for
my cock to be enveloped in the moist cavern of his mouth and throat, he
did things with his tongue on me that I tried to duplicate, but do not
think I succeeded.  His hands went up to knead and separate my ass
cheeks and I felt his finger running circles around my anal opening, I
was squirming when he removed his mouth from my cock and shoved it over
my hole, kissing and tonguing me and causing it to begin to open.  I
knew what must come, and he pulled his cock from my mouth, bending me he
entered in one swift push and I felt his pubes against my ass, I gasped
at the first sharp pain and then moaned in pleasure.  He took his time
pulling out and plunging back in, using one hand to hold himself he
worked on my nipples, and from time to time leaned down to kiss me.  He
finally got me in the position where he could get my cock in his mouth
again, and he renewed his strokes as he sucked on me.  With an explosion
we both came within seconds of each other, I flooded his mouth, and from
the actions of his cock knew he had flooded my love canal.

The negatives were now dry so we printed up the photos, put them in the
developer and finally hung them to dry. As they were drying we again
began the exploration of each other and this time I was able to fuck
him.  He did not come and so I began to suck him off, when he said: "No,
laddie, I wi fuck you again." And did he ever.  We had finally found a
place where we could be alone just as I was leaving, but I knew both it
and the MacGregor would be there when I got back.

If you are interested in more, let me know. Thanks afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 24)

Date: Wed, 07 Jan 2004 20:11:02 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 4

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't have
any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not continue.
If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy, but you proceed
at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound by the
usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between males at that
time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with impunity only in
the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play
safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology has
been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this story
would never have been written. He is a great writer himself and has given me
encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt at writing. I also
want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose stories have given me so
much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.


Air Force Memories 4

I now moved from my solitary quarters in with the rest of the officers. My bed
was in a pretty good place, since I was the most junior it was next to a door
in the side of the building. This gave me some extra air in the summer, but
became a little chilly in the winter. However, this was offset by my having
one of the stoves heating the place in the center section, was just about
opposite the foot of my bed, so I got a real benefit of the heat.

Captain's Brock and Bishop, Major Castle and Lt. Padgett all came to help me
get settled in and all my stuff moved over from the transient quarters. They
were most helpful to me. Captain Maxwell became my military mentor. Chris had
told me about him. He had been in WWII and been wounded, had a metal plate in
his head, and was rather temperamental, there were only a few he associated
with. I was glad for his help and he really gave me a lot of valuable
information, which I was able to use.

As time went on I got to know and become friends with Major Castle, Captain's
Brock, Bishop and Maxwell, and with Lt.'s. Holcombe and Padgett. The rest I
guess you could classify as acquaintances.

Oh yes, even though he had private quarters Lt. Col. Sheffield proved to be a
true friend to me, and I shall always be grateful to him for his friendship
and words of help and encouragement when I really needed them.

My flight lessons were going well, and I really enjoyed the feeling of being
in the sky, it was a real feeling peace and contentment.

My relations with Park were up and down, one thing I was learning was that you
do not show emotion to him, keep a neutral look on your face if possible, do
not show pleasure or he will find someway to take it away, do not show disgust
or he will find even more disgusting things for you to do, do not show pain or
he will find more painful things to do. I was able to do most of these, but
was never able to mask pain from him for long, especially if it was anything
but a light pain. I do believe he delighted in degrading people, do not know
if it was because of the years his country and been held by the Japanese or
what, but he was a master at delivering pain.

The Monday Chris left, when I went to see the general, he informed he would
like me to come over only on Tuesday and Thursdays. I don't know if the
session with Chris that weekend and after all the sex, he needed a rest or
what, but I did not question it. In fact was happy to have some extra time for
myself.

I was still doing gymnastics, Song-San was pleased with how I was coming
along, and my muscles were becoming used to the exercise and seldom bothered
me. He pushed me and soon I was about at he same level I had been in college.
We discussed going on, and I told him I thought I had about reached the peak I
could do, he partially agreed, but said we would still keep working at it.
The sessions with the general changed a little, he would have me strip, put
the straps on to pull my balls down and then separate them, and now he began
hanging weights on them to stretch and pull them down further. The skin looked
almost transparent to me and I just hoped it would not break. He came up the
idea of putting suction cups on my nipples and when they were hard and erect
he used some clothespins, which had nails rounded off in the heads which he
then attached to my nips and with "s" hooks hung weights on them pulling my
nipples out and down. He found innovative ways of fucking my mouth. One of
them was he had be get in a large chair he had with my ass at the back and my
legs up against the back of the chair, he would then sit on my upper chest,
pull by head up and fuck his cock in and out of my mouth, this was most
uncomfortable for me, not only because of the position, but because his
buttocks would bounce up and down on pins on my nips.

He also enjoyed fucking me by getting me on my back, lifting my legs up until
my ass was at his cock height and ramming it in, I was only on my shoulders as
he stood over me and slightly bent fucked me both fast and furious or slow and
gently, but whichever way his cock was constantly hitting my prostrate and
making me hard and dripping, if it looked like I might cum he would grab my
bound balls and squeeze causing pain, or he would did his fingernails into the
glans of my cock, either way would cause me to lose my erection, until he had
again fucked me into being hard. When he finally came he would work my cock,
tell me to open my mouth and then try to aim the cum into my open mouth, so I
would have to swallow my own cum. Whenever I left him, my poor balls were sore
and somewhat swollen, and my nips were red and very sore and swollen. He said
in time they would get even bigger and he would increase both the tension and
weights on them.

I missed having someone shower with me and get my back scrubbed, also keeping
my body shaved was a bit more difficult. One day a ran into Tony the tiger and
asked him if he would mind helping me do some body shaving, grabbing his
crotch, he told me: "Would enjoy helping you, for a small favor in return."
Knowing the favor he wanted I consented and made arrangements to meet him at
the shower about 2200 when it would probably be empty and we could lock the
door.

Right on time he met me, carefully shaved my ass, cock, balls and perineum.
Then he did my armpits and the back of my legs. Coming around he did my chest
and stomach and only left a triangle above my cock.

He knelt and did my legs, as he was finishing he took my cock into his mouth
and began giving me the blowjob of my life. I could feel his tongue working
under my foreskin, then slurping over the glans, the more he worked the harder
I got, his mouth slipped down until it hit my pubes and he did things with his
throat and mouth which was driving me crazy. He worked on me for some time and
just when I thought I could take no more and would come, he quit. Pushed my
down on the wet floor, spread my legs and began rimming my ass and rosebud.
When I was nice and sloppy he pushed his cock into me and with only a couple
of shoves felt his pubes on my ass. He was both long and wide and stretched me
out, but he no way caused me any pain. He took his time bringing me to the
brink several times and then bending down took my cock in his mouth and as he
came I exploded in his mouth. His cock deflated and began to slide from my
ass, Tony reached down, pulled me up and kissed me with a vengeance, he had
retained some of my jizz in his mouth and now this was passed back and forth
and I was tasting and taking my own cum.

We stood under a shower again, then dried, dressed and left. For as long as he
was there I no longer had to worry about getting body shaved. Also, he said
next time I was to fuck him. Seems I had found a "fuck buddy", at least for a
while.

I was getting used to living with the other officers, Captain Brock, was as I
had been told something of an exhibitionist, he strolled around naked and
thought nothing of it. He really needed to do some exercising, as though he
had a good body, he was beginning to go flabby. He had a normal cock and two
good-sized balls hanging free between his legs. Had a wealth of stories and
was extremely good-natured. He would come over naked, sit on my bunk with me
and since he would be involved in my flying lessons go over the finer points
of flight with me. He never knew what a hard time I had keeping from him how
he kept causing me to have an erection, when he would sit naked next to me,
and at times to make a point reach over and touch me.

Lt. Padgett had a southern drawl and was forever talking about his sexual
exploits and being in daisy chains, the way he told the stories it was
somewhat difficult to tell if he was talking about relations with males or
females. Other than that, he was helpful and fun to be around.

Major Castle sort of took an interest in me, and gave me all the finer points
or protocol that I would need to know, he also rather looked out for me, and
when I would come home wiped out from a session with Park he would somehow get
most of the people out of the barracks until I fell asleep and then cautioned
them to be quiet. I am not sure how much they all knew, or if it was a quiet
conspiracy, but whatever it was I learned to appreciate it. Of course Capt.
Barringer complained, but by this time, most of the officers were tired of him
and rather ignored him. Of course that only made matters worse, as he needed
attention and would go to lengths to get it. Since we were in a war zone it
was not necessary for us to salute higher ranks and this gave me a chance to
rather totally ignore him since the painting incident.

Hooray, apparently Col. Sheffield knows someone, Capt. Barringer is being
transferred to another unit, whether we will get a replacement for him or not
we do know. He leaves in two days, everyone happy.

The days slipped by, I finished my pilot training, and soloed in the trainer,
the general's two-engine plane and a fighter. The fighter plane was a joy; I
flew it out over the ocean, and out of sight of anyone, did rolls, dives and
generally tried everything I could think of. Glad I did, as it was the only
time I was ever to fly the fighter. Of course it was a prop driven plane, none
of the Koreans had jets at this time.

The general had a special little ceremony where I became an honorary Korean
Air Force officer, he borrowed a uniform from one of his aides for me to wear,
and pinned my wings on me. As a bootleg pilot I of course was not supposed to
fly and US planes, but did get to.

That night Park required me to see him. Instead of making me strip, he
undressed me and as he did so, was telling me what he intended to do to me. As
soon as my shirt and tee shirt were gone, he placed the pins with the weights
on my nips and then added a weight to each pin; they really pulled on my tits
and were painful. He made me raise my arms and proceeded to put clothes pins
in the arm pits, and then put some around the pecs and down toward the naval.
He removed my sox, and then undid my pants, and pulled my pants and underwear
down in one motion, having me step out of them. He grabbed the ball harness,
which pulled my balls down and separated them and put it on, it was quite
painful, he had made the strap a 2" one, and using a "s" hook on the strap
separating my balls he placed a five pound weight, and to make matters worse
he put some clothespins on my cock and foreskin. Having me bend over, he
proceeded to stuff a series of round or oval shaped objects up my ass, and
placed some clothes pins around my hole. I was in agony, but tried not to show
it. When all of this was accomplished he told me to run in place and lift my
legs up as far as I could. I tried, but it was difficult and painful, when I
did not do it to his satisfaction, he added more weights to the nipple pins,
and exchanged the five pound weight hanging from my balls with a ten pound
weight. I was then made to run around the room, the action caused some of the
clothespins to fall off, and weights on my tits and balls were swinging,
causing even more pain, and I knew tears were running from my eyes. He
followed me and if he did think I was going as fast as he thought I should he
let go and hit me with a paddle. This was the first time this had happened and
I was shocked at the pain of being hit on the ass, as well as it tended to
move the objects shoved up my ass. Finally I was allowed to stop, my ass must
have been red, as it was really burning, he came over and began removing the
clothespins from my body, in his own special way, by pulling them off. He made
me lie down on my back, lift my legs and he yanked the objects out of my ass,
they were attached my a cord, and so after each one came out there was a pause
as the cord brought the next one up to the sphincter and pulled through, he
varied the pulling so there was not pattern to bringing them out. He took a
rope attached it to a hook on the wall and attached the other end to the top
of the weight on my balls and then pulling the rope tight brought the weight
so it was over my cock and was pulling my balls up and out. He grabbed a
dildoe and informed he would make my ass chute feel much better. I had not
noticed him rubbing something on the dildoe, but once he began to insert it I
knew it was trouble. He had used some kind of cream like "BenGay", and it was
causing a burning sensation in my ass. After, he had inserted the dildoe all
the way in, he wiped his hands on my balls and the same burning sensation
started. He left me there in pain as he slowly undressed and put a condom on
his cock, after all he did not want to get the ointment on him. He pulled,
pushed and twisted the dildoe in me, until I was really squirming, and this
only cause more pressure on my balls. The son of a bitch was thoroughly
enjoying my discomfort. He finally yanked the dildoe out and shoved his
sheathed cock in. It was a brutal rape, and did nothing to soothe the fire in
my ass. He fucked me for what seemed hours, and finally cumming pulled out. I
thought I would have some relief, but he went over to the phone spoke on it
and in a minute three naked juniors came in. He told them to fuck me, and do
it hard. He had not told them of the ointment in my ass, they were to fuck me
without a condom. The first drove his cock up me and when his pubes hit my
ass, stopped and began to pull out, but the general said: "You will fuck him
now!" The poor guy's cock must have hurt as the ointment got on it, but for
some reason the bare skin of his cock seemed to help me. Later I found out the
general had coated his condom with more of the stuff before he fucked me, so I
had a good coating up my ass. The first one finally came, and the jizz in my
ass began to help alleviate the burning. By the time all three had fucked, the
jizz and accompany ass juice had just about caused the pain to cease, now it
was only a minor irritation, but my balls still felt on fire.

Park now had me suck off the three who as he put it "Put out your fire."
Fortunately they had used a warm cloth to clean their cocks or else my lips
and mouth might have been in the same fiery condition. After bringing each of
them to a climax, they were dismissed, and Park looking at me said: "Now what
shall I do?" I had hoped he would let me go, but he was getting his reward or
allowing me to fly. He released the rope holding the ball weight, made me get
up and move around the room on all fours, with the tit and ball weights
swinging. After doing this three times, he had me do squats, jumping jacks and
pushups, all of which caused the weights to swing. Having me stand at parade
rest he began removing the weights, first from the balls, then from the tits,
he roughly pulled the clothespins from my nips and finally released my cock
and balls. Fondling my balls and giving them a rough squeeze he told me to
dress and leave. As I was getting ready to walk out the door he said: "Young,
take these and use them at least four times a day, fifteen minutes minimum."
Oh, fuck he handed me suction cups to be used on my nipples, and said: "Why
not put them on now and let them work as you walk back." My nips were sore and
swollen, but I pulled open my shirt lifted my tee and put the cups over the
nipples, I could feel the pull and it was not pleasant. Pulling my tee down
only pressed the cups harder against me, and when I buttoned my shirt, I
noticed that there were now protuberances where my shirt pockets were. Since I
smoked I could put the pack of cigarettes in the left shirt pocket, but knew I
would have to come up with something for the other one, as knew I would have
to use the suction cups during the day.

I walked in pain back to the compound, and could only think of getting a good
hot shower, I grabbed a towel, went to the shower building, pulled the cups
off my now really swollen nips, turned on a tap to as hot as I could stand it
and just stood there luxuriating in the warmth and the soothing it brought to
my painful body. When I was shaving, I noticed that my nipples were really
stretched out, puffy and the area around them real red, I wondered what Park's
regime for them would do. Looking down I saw my balls hanging a bit lower than
usual and that my cock was reddish. I had been hard most of the night, but due
to the pain had no desire to cum. Wrapping the towel around me, I headed for
bed, but found I did not feel sleepy. I dressed and went to the club, as I sat
alone on the screened porch an airman came up to me and said: "Excuse me are
you Lt. Young?" Answering him in the affirmative, he told me he was one of the
two American's working the tower on the flight line, and congratulated me on
finishing my flight training. He waved to another airman who joined us and I
learned these were the two controllers I had been talking to when taking off,
landing and asking for instructions. They introduced themselves as Airmen 2nd
Class Dick Thomas and Gene Woltz. I told them, that since I was a bootleg
pilot that the information could not be common knowledge. They agreed not to
spread it around. I learned Thomas was from my home state and this began I
fine friendship between the three of us. However, it was a strictly an above
board friendship and nothing sexual ever happen between us. They did however,
become involved in many good and enjoyable times for me as long as they were
there. We chatted for sometime, and finally feeling sleeping, I suppose from
the day and the scotch I had been drinking I was off to bed. The barracks was
quiet and I stepped outside to brush my teeth, then without turning on a
light, stripped and got into bed covering my self only with a sheet, as the
night was warm.

Woke up the next morning all tangled in the sheet and with a tremendous hard
on, was glad that Jim-San had come in the door by me and had awakened me
before the others saw me in my aroused state.

We have a new captain replacing the ass, Alexander Carroll MacGregor, had an
American mother and a Scottish father, born in Washington D.C., moved back to
Scotland when he was five, came to the US when he was 18 to attend Cornell,
and enlisted in the Army Air Corps when he graduated in the spring of 1942.
Trained as a fighter pilot, sent back to England, and spent the war years
there, went regular after the war. He was a pleasant looking guy, about 5"10"
and had reddish gold hair. The interesting thing was as he was unpacking out
came two kilts and bagpipes. He promised not to drive us crazy with the
bagpipes, but wore the kilt whenever he did not have to be in uniform.
At dinner we say him dressed in white shirt open part way down his chest,
wearing his kilt, sporran, and knee length white stockings with tabs. He cut
quite a figure. After dinner when we were back at the barracks, Padgett asked
him what was so great about the kilt. Alex answered: "Well it depends, when
one meets a willing lad or lassie and wants to pork it is easy." Saying this
he flipped up the front of his kilt showing his most respectable cock and
balls. He continued: "Or if you want to be porked it makes the ass most
accessible." Turning around he flipped up the kilt showing us he muscular ass.
Padgett could not leave well enough alone and went on: "So which is it you do,
pork or be porked?" Alex smiling said depends on the laddie, as can only pork
with the lassie." Padgett went on: "So have you ever been porked or porked a
laddie?" With a grin Alex said: "Aye, many times would you be interested in a
little go around?" Padgett blanched, mumbled something and took out the door.
Alex looked at the rest of us and began to laugh. For about a week he never
let up on Padgett, making some comment about what I nice ass he had, or what a
manly cock he had. There was not much Padgett could do to get away from him as
their beds were straight across from each other. Alex was completely
uninhibited and free with his speech and actions.

Alex saw me sunbathing and decided to join me, I thought it would be nice to
have company again, but as he lay next to me he would take his foot and rub it
up and down my leg, and soon I would develop a hard on, and need to turn over,
then he would do the same to the other leg. I would whisper: "Alex, stop." He
would just grin and wink at me, but did stop soon enough so I could get soft
before I had to get up. After a few days of this when I had turned over to
hide the erection, he leaned over and said to me: "One of these days laddie we
will find and wee spot and you and I will have the time of our lives." With
that he kissed the back of my neck ran his hand between my ass cheeks and got
up.

When he was wearing the kilt and knew that no one but me had a clear view of
him he would sit so that his cock and balls were on view to me, or pretend to
be searching for something and ride his kilt up over his ass. As soon as he
saw me seeing him he would grin and give me a wink. I have to admit that he
was becoming very attractive to me, but knew of no place where we could be
alone.

It was almost two months since my gymnastics had begun again and Song-Sam had
informed Park that he thought I had progressed to my maximum and he was quite
proud of me. Park had not been to see me practice for while and for that I was
grateful, but he pulled a grand surprise on me. He sent a notice over to our
compound that there would be a gymnastic exhibition in two weeks, there would
be two university gymnasts from Seoul, two from the army in Pusan, two from
the navy at Chinhae, two from our training wing, and 2nd Lt. Young. I was
furious, I did not believe that I was good enough for a competition. I went
over to see Song-Sam, and told him what I thought, he said he believed I could
do it, and so I set up a training schedule for every day from not until the
date of the exhibition. With Song-Sam's encouragement and training I began to
think maybe I would not do so bad after all. The next time I saw Park I told
him that I did not have the proper uniform for a competition, so he took me
down to the training wing, had some gymnastic uniforms brought out, had me
strip and try them on until he found one he thought fit me the best.

Now I had no excuse and knew I must perform. I met the other contestants the
morning of the exhibition, and decided I really was in better shape than any
of them, a couple seemed to be muscle bound and the rest were about average.
The exhibition went off quite well, the men from our compound more or less
came and went during the day, as did the people from the training unit.
However, Lt. Col. Sheffield, Major Castle, Captains MacGregor, Brock and
Bishop were there for almost the entire time.

Even though there were no official scores taken, Park asked the various
trainer/coaches to rate the various performers. Much to my surprise I was
rated second due to a bad dismount from the high/low bars. My people
congratulated me, and Park came over and said he wanted me back in the gym the
next morning as they were going to have a little closing get-together.
We celebrated my success at the club that night and several said they thought
I should have been first, it helped my ego no end, but privately I still felt
that I could have done better.

The next morning at 0900 I was back at the gym, and the others came straggling
in, there was tea and some kind of pastry there for us to snack on, most of
them visited but still only know very few Korean words I just quietly sat and
waited.

When Park came in he stood up and made a speech in Korean, the others all
turned and looked at me and I wondered what he had said. He came over to me
saying: "You have disgraced me by being second and must be punished. Strip now
or I will have them strip you." In shock I removed my clothes and stood naked
before them. Park had his dreaded bag with him and reaching in got the ball
stretcher and spreader out, I noticed the spreader seemed even wider. He
called Song-Sam over and had him pull my balls down as far as he could as Park
fastened the stretcher and spreader. Then bending me over he shoved a dildoe
up my ass and fastened the straps so it would not come out. When this was done
he said and now you will do the same routines you did yesterday, and if you do
not do them up to standard you will be punished. I knew and knew that he knew
he had set me up for failure so he could punish me even more. I was
embarrassed and ashamed as it was but had no choice but do begin the routines.
The floor exercises and the balance bar, though I was in some pain went quite
well and I was able to keep from making any mistakes, when it came to the
pommel horse Park came over and somehow had gotten some alligator clips which
though strong were not much worse than the nailed clothespins had been. He
clipped these on my nipples and attached a chain between them. I thought this
was it, but he attached a weight to the chain and told me to begin. Now I was
in pain, and with each movement the chain and weight would swing pulling and
tugging my nipples. I somehow managed to get through that one without any
mistakes though was a little slower than usual. When I went to the parallel
bars, he decided to move the weight from the chain and attached a weight to
each nipple clamp. With the swinging, twisting and turning required for this
routine the weights were freely swinging pulling my nips out, hitting against
my chest and causing me twice to make a mistake. Song-Sam was talking to Park
as I dismounted and walked over to the high/low bars. He came over and said I
could take a rest for a while and have some tea. While I was over by the table
several of the trainers came over and ran their hands over my body, feeling my
musculature development, and playing with my stretched, separated balls and
hard cock. Song-Sam came over with a warm damp towel to wiped my face
whispering "Open mouth", when I did he slipped two pills in and then gave me
so more pills. He said: "For pain." Park told me to continue but he removed
the weights from my nipples and he knew they could cause some major problems
with this particular routine. With the rest and the pills dulling the pain I
did much better on the high/low than I had on the parallel and felt good about
it. Now all that was left was the rings, which were really my best routines. I
walked over and Park met me there smiling as he stopped me placed the weights
back on the nipples and added one to the strap separating my balls. I was now
in definite pain, but due to the pills was more of just a constant throbbing
going through my body. Song-Sam lifted me up so I could grab the rings, and
Park removed the weight on my balls and replaced it with a bullet shaped one,
which was even heavier.

Forcing myself to concentrate only on the routine and not the pain I began
with the Iron Cross and the weights swung and pulled at me, when I did a
reverse the weights fell the other way, and each change brought a different
pull on the weights. I did not know how I would dismount; there was no way I
could do a somersault with that weight on my balls. Song-Sam motioned me to
let myself swing down, he removed the weight I went back up and then did my
dismount. Stood and with my arms down straight bowed to the others.

Park spoke to the group in Korean and then turning to me said: "I have told
them you did not do your best, therefore for the next three hours until they
leave you are theirs to do as they please. They may not do anything which will
harm you or leave marks, but may use as they wish sexually and otherwise." I
thought back to what had happened to Chris at his farewell and know I went
white under my tan. I noticed that there were only nine, somehow the men from
the training wing had been sent back and would participate in this.
The group was busy removing their clothes and the ones from Seoul were the
first to come over, they rummaged in Park's bag, found an even larger dildoe
which they used to replace the one already in me, then putting additional
weights on the chain between the clips on my nips and exchanging the weight on
my stretched balls, putting a 5 lb. one on said: "Now lets go for a run around
the gym." Picking up some bamboo canes they began to whip my back and ass and
said "Run", two of them paced with me and if I tried to slow down began the
whipping again. They made me do two laps around the gym, the weights were
swinging, pulling and the pain pills were not helping much, the weight on my
balls was hitting against my thighs and I knew I would be bruised and sore.
Finally bringing me back to where the rest were, the three removed the weights
and clips from my nipples, and had me kneel on the floor. The first one stood
in front of me, saying; "Lick my cock and suck my balls", he pushed his cock
in my face and one of his companions knelt down and began to massage my
nipples which were in pain from the blood rushing back in them. I had the cock
shoved my mouth and he began face fucking me. When he thought he was not
getting enough action he nodded his head and his companion pulled and twisted
my nips some more and one time the third one placed his foot between the legs
of the one getting service and put it on my sore balls and pressed down with
all his weight, it was almost more than I could take, it was with great
control I managed not to throw up or bend over in pain. The three of them were
laughing. I was forced to suck each of them off, and their companions
maintained the same kind of treatment of my body. When the last one came in my
mouth, I sagged, placing my hands on the floor and hoped for a minute's rest.
The next group was the army from Pusan; they removed the dildoe and had me lay
face down, on a bench, with my legs on each side and my ass at the end, with
the weight on my balls hanging down. One of them shoved two fingers in my ass
and began pulling and stretching. Then he pulled them out and shoved his cock
into my already sore channel; he fucked fast and furious, hitting his pubic
area against my ass and reaching around pulling and twisting my nips. As he
came he bit down hard on my back and I screamed in pain. The other two
followed much the same procedure except the coach first took one of the bamboo
canes and thoroughly whipped my back and ass until I could not stop the tears
from rolling down my face and my voice became hoarse with yelling. His cock
was longer and thicker than any I had ever had and he gave real pain when he
just shoved it in. As used and stretched as my ass was this pushed it even
further, I was moaning in pain and he fucked me, slapped my sore ass cheeks
and finally came, then made me lick his cock clean.

The last three, came over had me stand and picking up canes began to whip my
body, one concentrated on my sore nipples and pecs, another whipped my cock
and balls and the third worked over my legs. I do not know how, but they were
so practiced that the skin was not broken, but even with my tan I turned red
as with a bad sunburn, and it hurt just as bad. They had me stand and bend
over one fucking me and having another sucked, when the one fucking came the
one being sucked took his place and fucked me and the last one stuck his cock
in his mouth. While the last one was fucking me the first two brought their
cocks to my mouth and had me lick and suck them clean, as did the last one.
After this they dressed and left, I collapsed on the floor and Song-Sam came
over removed the weight, and the ball spreader and separator, for the first
time in what seemed forever I did not have any foreign objects attached to my
body. He helped me to the shower and I stood under the hot water letting it
try to soothe my body, when I cane out he gently dried me, gave me two more
pain pills and said I could dress and go home.

When I got back all I wanted to do was rest, throwing off my clothes I got
into bed, some of the others notice how red I was and the mark on my back
where I was bitten, and wanted to know what happened. Now way could I tell
them, so just said: "It was part of an initiation into their gymnastics club."
Curled up in my pain and tried to sleep.


If you are interested in more let me know. Thanks afgreg@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 25)

Date: Tue, 06 Jan 2004 03:52:25 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 3A

Disaster, Chris came by this morning and said he had received his orders
and would leaving next Monday.  Only seven days left for us, we knew it was
coming and he had already packed and shipped most of his belongings back to
the states, all he had left he would take with him.  He made a deal with
me, somehow he had gotten a pretty good bed and mattress, it was about twin
size and not like the cots everyone else had.  He offered to sell this to
me for $20.00 and would also throw in the electric converter he had which
converted AC to DC, since the Korean lines were all AC, a mirror with a
light, a Russian made handgun with ammunition and a Korean horsehair hat.
Feeling it a pretty good bargain I gave him the script, and he said he
would inform everyone that whatever he left now belonged to me.  He had a
nice chair that in order to make sure I got, he brought over to my office.
While I was grateful to him for getting these things, I was sad at the
thoughts of him going.

The week went fast, with my flight instruction, the sessions with the
general getting sucked and fucked and my workouts in the gym.  Song-San was
a hard taskmaster, but I was grateful for him and his comments, even if
after getting permission from the general he fucked me rather hard,
sometimes leaning over the balance bar or the horse, which really strained
my body.

General Park had sent word that the wanted to give a farewell party for
Chris on Friday at the Korean Officers Club, Lt. Col. Sheffield informed
all of the officers that while it would be polite and good politics, he
would let each decide for himself whether to go or not.  The only one
electing not to go was that ass Barringer.  Sheffield not wanting it know
one of his officers elected not to go, made arrangements for Barringer to
take one of the planes, fly to Taegu on Friday afternoon and return on
Saturday with a load of supplies for the PX and our small dispensary.  Of
course Barringer complained, but at least as far as Park was concerned all
the officers on the base would be there.  Sheffield saved face both for
Park and himself, by outmaneuvering Barringer.

Friday night dressed in our dress uniforms we all rode down to the Korean
Officers Club, it was rather spartan, but some attempt had been made to
decorate it.  They had some tables of interesting looking food and two bars
set up.  Some of the Koreans had their wives with them, and it was
interesting to see them in their native costume, the women were rather
plain, but their colorful costumes really made them look nice.

Most of the Koreans had rather moon shaped faces, with rather flat noses,
but the others had more western type faces.  It led me to think that they
came from families which had either Chinese or Japanese ancestry.  Of
course none of them would ever admit it.  The Orientals all claim to be of
pure blood and ancestry and will not admit to any mixture.  I at time was
taken as an Eurasian, as I had tanned so dark I was the same color as most
of them or a little darker, but they still looked down on this.

The food was good, but strange, and I did in time learn to enjoy their
food.  I did imbibe a bit too much, since I was not sure how potable their
water was, had been drinking beer, and now was in desperate need of a
latrine.  Lt. Halcombe was standing nearby, so asked him where I could go
and urinate.  He had been there before and told me to go down the hall and
it was the last door on the left.  I quickly moved down the hall pushed
open the door and was in the process of unzipping, when I noticed there
were three Korean ladies in there.  Zipping back up and mad as hell, ran
back down the hall, caught hold of Captain Bishop, explained my predicament
and that Halcombe had sent me to the ladies room.  Bishop began laughing
and walked with me back down the hall explaining: �There is only one, here
both sexes use the same one.� I had no choice but to go in and get rid of
beer which was filling my bladder.  After, I most satisfying piss I
returned to the party, and I suppose that was the last of my stateside
piss, as it never bothered me again to use a restroom where women were, nor
did the sight of people urinating, or defecating along side of the road
ever really make me look twice again.

After a while General Park made a speech thanking Chris for all he had done
for the Koreans and their Air Force and country, and ended up giving him a
decoration.  He said he realized since Congress did not authorize it, Chris
could not officially wear it, but would always know how they regarded him,
whenever he looked at it.

The party began to unwind, quite a few of the American�s and most of the
Koreans had gone, Park said that Chris and I would stay for a while after
the last of our group left, telling Sheffield that we may or may not make
it back to our compound that night, but would be safe. (Famous last words)

Soon there were only Chris, me and about a dozen Korean officers left.
Park then ordered the Koreans to strip and for Chris and me to also
disrobe.  Chris and I looked at him in disbelief, but knew we had not
choice, we had no transportation back and were in the middle of the Korean
base; we had no choice but to obey.  Park then said to his officers: �You
have been good and I am most proud of your accomplishments, and as a reward
I am giving to you this young man, pointing to Chris, who is now leaving
us, for you to use as you please.  The only condition is he must not be
marked in anyway.  I will keep the other, pointing to me, and he is off
limits to you.

Chris and I stared at each other in shock and horror, and then Chris
whispered: �I told you they were cruel and sadistic.� Two of the men came
over and grabbed Chris taking him over to the group, he was spread-eagled
on his stomach on a table and one shoved his cock in Chris� mouth while the
other with no preliminaries just shoved his cock up Chris� ass.  I could
tell by the way Chris tensed that he was in pain, but could do nothing
about it.

Park fondled me, playing with my cock, balls and sticking fingers up my
ass, as well as pulling and pinching my nipples; he soon had me in state of
arousal, but would not let me cum.  Each time I got close he would stop, go
over and get a drink, come back with one for me and for him and sit and
chat as if nothing was going on. Poor Chris was really being used by the
twelve, one made him sit down on his cock and bring him off my lifting
himself up and down off the cock he was sitting on, he was fucked lying
over the table, on his back on the floor and all of them made him suck him
off.  When he was really beginning to show some wear Park called a halt for
a time, and turned his spite on me.  Saying: �I know what you two have been
doing, now get over there lick all the cum out of his ass, and made love to
his body.� With a look of disgust (which I later paid for) I walked over to
Chris, knelt between his legs, lifted them up on my shoulders and began to
lick and lap the juices coming out of his ass, his ass hole was so open I
could really get my tongue in it to lap out the cum and ass juices.  When
there was no more seepage, I turned to making love to the body I loved.  I
lay down next to him and gently began blowing and nibbling his ear, moving
on to french kiss him, then on down to lave his sore and puffy nipples with
my tongue.  He moaned under my ministrations, and I moved on down gently
rolling and sucking his balls into mouth and then licking and sucking his
hard cock, he had come several times but gave me a pretty healthy load,
Park called me back and told the men they could continue.  One of them had
Chris sit on his cock facing away from him, he reached up and pulled Chris
down on him massaging the sore nipples, another knelt between the legs of
the two men and lifting Chris� legs up, began to push his cock into Chris
along side of the one already there, Chris was moaning and twisting and
others came over to hold him still as the second one entered him, and they
proceeded to double fuck him.  He was then fucked and forced to suck off
the others until all were drained.  By this time he was really wasted.
Park made me clean him again, sent all of the others except two home and
then had them gather up the clothes and help Chris to an area where there
was a Korean bath, which was similar to the Japanese.  Park stripped and
told me to wash his back, he did mine, and the two with us washed Chris all
over, I finished washing my self, rinsed and rinsed Park�s back and then we
entered into the tub, it was hot and soothing, the two Koreans brought
Chris in and made sure he did not slip under the water, after a while we
exited the pool, took a hot and cold shower, stood in front of a fan to be
dried, and got dressed.

Park took us out to his jeep, had them load Chris in the back, sent the
Koreans off, and with me drove to his house.  It appeared to be built with
a wall and an offset gate, entering we saw buildings constructed around a
courtyard; we were led to the left, up a short flight of stairs and removed
our shoes at the sliding door. We walked down a floor of highly polished
wood and were shown a room with the floor covered with mats indicating the
unique Korean heating system underneath. When building they put a maze of
clay tunnels down and build on top of them, they have an outside opening at
each end.  In one end a fire is built and the hot air and smoke goes into
the maze and out the other end, warming the rooms above.  It was a much
more satisfactory way of heating than the Japanese way of braziers in the
rooms.  We were shown into a room where there was a yo (Korean mattress) on
the floor and some quilts, told to sleep and left alone.  We undressed,
putting a quilt on the yo, found a light covering and held each other tight
as we drifted off into a fitful sleep.

We were awakened by the sounds of people moving, and could see that it was
light outside, we began to move, Chris most gingerly, his body was still
sore, his nipples red, protruding and the surrounding area puffy from the
working over they had been given.  Teeth marks were visible around the
aureoles and on his pecs.  When he stood I had him bend over and could see
his ass lips were puffy and his hole bigger than the rosebud pucker I was
used to seeing.  His lips were slightly puffed up from all the sucking he
had done, and he informed me he felt horrible.  We slowly dressed in our
mussed clothes, and soon were summoned by a private to come and eat
breakfast.

After breakfast, the general took us to his jeep and we thought at last we
get to go home.  But he drove directly to his headquarters building.
Having us follow him we went to the gym, and he informed me that since
Lt. Kaiser had not seen my progress, I should now show him, as it would be
his last chance to see me do any of the routines.  I was tired and a little
afraid that I would not be able to do good, and could in fact hurt myself.
He called for Song-San and after some consultation agreed that I should
wait and come back at 1400 the next day with Lt. Kaiser.

He had us driven to the compound.  Sheffield upon hearing a jeep coming
came out of the office where he was doing some work, saw us in our
disheveled appearance and asked what had happened.  I told him that Chris
had been debased and abused by some of the Koreans and needed rest and that
I would get some bedding and put him in with me.  That way he could rest
undisturbed, in his own bed he would be in an open bay with all the others
and with me it would be quiet as both of us needed rest.  He agreed and
said he would speak with us that evening.

After dinner, Sheffield invited Chris and me to his quarters, and really
questioned us on what had gone on.  While he was rather upset about it, he
realized, as did we, that there was really nothing anyone could do about
it.

Chris and I then went down to shower, seemed as if everyone else had
already done so.  We had the place to ourselves, turned the water on hot on
several heads and let the steam envelop us.  Then turning off all but two
adjusted the water to a comfortable level and scrubbed ourselves clean.  I
had Chris bend over and spread his ass cheeks, so I could check on this
hole; it seemed to be less puffy and was smaller than when I last saw it.
I took this to be a good sign that it would get back to where it was
originally.

After, shaving and dressing we went up to the club, where the other members
of our group were having their own private farewell for Chris.  Neither of
us drank much but enjoyed the joking and horseplay, which went on, and then
early about 2200 we both went back to bed.

The next day, Chris spent most of the morning finishing his packing, except
for what he needed that day and the next.

We got back over to the gym a little before 1400, Song-San was there, but
the general had not arrived.  I stripped down to my jock, as I did for
practice, and began to do some warm ups.  Park arrived and wanted to know
why I was in a jock, I told him that I wore it to practice and perform in.
He said �No, take it off and you will do it all naked.� I blanched but took
my jock off.  Park had a small bag with him and told me to come over to
him, as I walked over he removed something from the bag and as I stood
before him he reached down and grabbed my balls pulling them as far down as
he could, giving Song-San a strap he told him to buckle it around the sack
as tight as he could.  The strap was about an inch thick, and pressed my
balls down, then another strap, which was hanging from the first, was
brought up between my balls separating them and pulling the scrotum so
tight I was afraid it would break, it was painful, but bearable after a few
minutes.

This I was informed was part of my uniform for today�s performance, and was
told to begin.  I did the floor exercises, worked on the balance bar and
the pommel horse, the straps around my balls did not really bother me until
I was on the pommel horse and each time a swung around and would try to
sit, my bound balls would hit the horse sending sharp pains into me.  I was
allowed to rest between each of the exercises for a few minutes, but now
needed a few more to be able to do the bars and rings.  Song-San had some
tea, and some small tidbits for me to munch on as I rested and got ready
for the second half of my performance.

The three watching me, had the tea and tidbits available to them all the
time.

When I felt like I could tackle the bars and rings I got up ready and
started toward them when Park called me over to him.  Having me bend over
he shoved penis shaped object up my ass and with straps fastened it so it
would not come out.  This was my first experience with a dildoe and found
it to be most uncomfortable, especially as it moved around as I walked.  I
found out just how uncomfortable it could be as I worked out on the
parallel and high low bars, but I was able to do the routine without making
any bad mistakes, I somersaulted off from the final routine and walked over
to the rings.  Song-San came over to help lift me up, but Park was there
and said one more addition to your uniform.  He reached over and rolled and
twisted my right nipple until it was erect and then quickly clamped an
alligator clip onto it.  I howled, I had never had such excruciating pain,
it shot to what seemed every fiber of my body, I tried to bring my hands up
to take it off, but Song-Sam grabbed me by the arms and held me up.  Park
then manipulated the other nipple and clamped it.  I thought I would pass
out, my screams were low, as I had strained my vocal cords, and I knew
there was no way I could do a routine with those clips on my nipples.  Park
stood there smiling and said �Time to continue.� Song-San lifted me up, but
I could not grab and hold onto the rings, so he let me back down, and said
something to Park, Park nodded and the clips were removed from my tits.

There was pain as the blood rushed back in, but I could at least stand
straight and endure the feeling.  I was lifted back up, grabbed the rings,
did a brief modified exercise and dropped to the floor.

Park said I had done a good job, and had Song-San remove the dildoe from my
ass and release my balls from their confinement.

I took a quick shower, and while I was there Park and Song-San had gone,
dressed and then Chris and I walked back to the compound.  He told me I had
come far from when he was there with me, and even with the pain I was in,
did in his estimation, a great job.  This meant a great deal to me, and I
thanked him.

I went back and rested, after dinner showered with Chris, went to the club
and then early about 2100 went to bed.

Later, Chris came in, woke me and gently began to make love to me, he
nibbled on my ear, kissed me deep, and fondled my pecs causing my nips to
be come hard and erect, he worked my cock until I thought I would explode
and that quit and just held me, before starting the process all over again.
I was moaning and thrashing about when he finally lifted my legs and began
to rim me, he licked, sucked and tongue fucked my hole until it was a
quivering mess, then he slowly pushed his iron hard cock into me until he
was lodged to his pelvis.  With long slow strokes began to fuck me, he was
driving me up the walls with his sensuous and erotic movements on and in my
body.  I could hold out no longer and exploded shooting cum over both of
us.  He continued his fuck, and I realized he must have used some of the
anesthetic cream on his cock to prolong his cumming.  Before he finally
came he had fucked another cum from my balls, and I was pleasantly
exhausted.  He was not through, his cock was still hard and he once again
began fucking me, only this time he as fast and hard, then slow and easy,
and then began alternating between the two, each time his cock hit my
prostrate it gave me a jolt and he forced me to cum again, I believe he had
fucked all the jizz out of my balls.  He finally came a second time and
collapsed on top of me, kissing me deeply.  Since it was so late we lick my
cum from our bodies, each doing the other.  He stayed there cuddling with
me and finally when we realized the night was almost over he left me and
returned to his own bed.  It was our last time together and he had made it
memorable for me.

I saw him at breakfast, and he hollered at me on his way to the jeep to
take him to the flight line.  I walked out and said goodbye, shaking his
hand and giving him a half hug, then he got into the jeep, saying he would
send me some things from Japan.  He drove off and I walked over to the club
and out on the screened porch where I could see the jeep drive down and to
the operations building where his plane was waiting.  I watched him board
and stayed until the plane had departed and I could no longer see it.  With
a great sadness and longing I turned with tears coming down, composed
myself and returned to my office to face whatever the future now held for
me.

---

Untitled (Chapter 26)

Date: Mon, 05 Jan 2004 13:26:29 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memoires 3

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy, but
you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound by
the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between males
at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with impunity
only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your
right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this story
would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and has given
me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt at writing.  I
also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose stories have given
me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 3

The weather had turned rather warm and the ventilation in the half barrack
building my bunk was in did not have the best ventilation.  These building
only had windows up high and door with flaps, which could be lowered with
screens on them.  I had all the windows open and the flaps down, but still
as the buildings were of steel construction, with no insulation, they got
rather warm fast.

Because of this I was awake when my hot water was brought, I quickly did my
morning ablutions, dressed, ate and began my day.

At 0930 was on the flight line and Capt. Bishop took my to the ROKAF supply
to get me two flight suits.

They had some lightweight ones of nylon that I liked but Bishop said "Stay
with the cotton, these new ones have a tendency, if one crashes and there
is a fire not to burn, but to melt onto the body, and that would be hell on
ones cock and balls?"  With that admonition I picked up two cotton, tried
them on and we then were off for my first lesson.

Bishop took me over to the plane I would be training in, went over all the
aspects of it, then pulled out a check list and we made a pre-flight check.
He decided to take a short hop, so I had to go back and don a flight suit.
When I returned and was in the plane he got the ok to go, so started the
plane, taxied to the runway and we took off.  We flew out over the strait
between Japan and Korea and over the islands and back, he had me take the
controls for a while as he taught me how to keep the plane level and which
instruments to watch.  It was an exhilarating for me to say the least.

We landed all too soon, and I was back doing my assignments.

After dinner, I asked Chris to come with me, as I wanted to use the
gymnastic equipment.  As it was still quite warm we both changed into just
athletic shorts and tee shirts; even so we were really sweating by the time
we reached the door to the gymnastic area.

When we entered I re-locked the door and checked to see that the other door
was locked, then since my tee shirt and shorts were damp, took them off and
just wore my jockey shorts to exercise in.  After doing floor exercises,
and some work on the balance bar, decided to do some ring work and then
quit for the day.  Asked Chris to come over and help lift me as I jumped
for the rings, which he did, adding a small fillip by jerking my jockeys
down as he took his hands from my waist.  "Bastard" I shouted, "what are
you doing?"

He replied nothing, he just liked to see my cock and balls flop around as I
did work on the rings, especially on the "iron cross" and some of the other
positions.  Not much I could do so worked out for about 15 minutes did a
big swing and dismounted.  Chris was right there behind me, grabbed and
started blowing in my ear.  Sometime he had removed his tee and while he
held me he pushed his shorts and underwear down and I could feel his cock
against my ass, and it was beginning to get hard.  He reached down and
fondled my balls and cock as he began kissing my ear and neck, and then
used his other hand to work my tits.

I was soon moaning in pleasure and the next thing I new he had turned me
around and pushed my down so my mouth was right at his rampant cock.  What
could I do, I opened my mouth stuck out my tongue and gently lapped the
head of his cock and then began to lick his balls and shaft, he grabbed my
head and pushed his cock into my mouth, and gradually with in and out
motions got it to my throat, without realizing it, I deep throated him, and
did not know it until my mouth could go no further.  He fucked my mouth for
a while, then slowly pulled out, knelt down and pushed me down as he began
licking my nipples, then his tongue dove into my belly button, caressed my
cock and balls and worked his way back to the winking hole in my ass, he
ate and kissed this for a while and when I was moaning and groaning from
pleasure he brought his steel hard cock to me and pushed in, there was some
slight discomfort, which amazed me as we had used no lubrication, he began
to slowly pump in and out until he had me pushing back against him and
threshing about on the floor making pleasurable sounds.  Then he turned
brutal and really began fucking me hard slapping his pelvis against my ass,
he rolled and pinched my tits until they were sore and then placing his
mouth down he bit one and then the other, the next thing I knew he was
pressing in me as far as could go and was cuming, his face contorted above
me and my cock spewed out its own jizz spattering us both.  He collapsed on
me, and instead of pulling out, he began working his cock again, and soon I
could feel it harden within me.  This time he took his time and used all
kinds of different strokes in and out of my ass until he once again had me
groaning with pleasure, after what seemed forever he came again, and this
time withdrew from me.  Laying side by side the stroked and caressed each
other's bodies as we came down from the sexual high we had been on.

There was a shower connected to the gym area, which we used to clean up,
even though the water was more cold than warm, at least it got the remnants
of our passion off our bodies.  Dressing we made our way back to the
compound.  It still being hot, we were once again soaked with sweat by the
time we got there.

Grabbing towels we went down to the showers, stripped and went in to wash,
we were late enough that the showers were empty, so we turned on two side
by side and proceeded to clean ourselves and each other.

We shaved, wrapped our towels around us and went back to our respective
areas, planning on meeting in the club after we dressed.

The next few days were the same pattern, work, flight training, gymnastic
work, and sex with Chris and learning to adjust to the hot humid weather.
One suggestion many of us followed was not to wear tight underwear as it
seemed to collect the sweat where it was snug on the body, since that is
all we had we dispensed with wearing undershorts at all, just tee shirts,
and let it all hang free when we were in our khakis and fatigues.  I have
to admit when I wore the gabardine trousers I wore shorts, and vowed to get
some boxers as soon as possible.

The general returned just before the weekend, and we saw him on Friday
night, he had some things to go over with us, had us read and correct some
memo's and letters he was going to send out and then called his aide to
bring us some tea.

Knowing what would probably happen, Chris had brought his bottle of baby
oil over to where I was just before we left to go up to the generals.  He
lowered his pants, and giving me the oil, bent over and told me to put in
his hole and give a good squeeze to get him well lubricated.  After doing
this he had me take a finger and push it up his chute to spread the oil
around, then wiping my finger and his ass.  He dressed and did the same to
me.  Said it would make things easier and he would show me how to do it
alone before he left.

While waiting for the tea the general took off his tie began to unbutton
his shirt and with a look at us indicated we should do the same.  Soon all
three of us were naked awaiting the tea.  When the aide brought the tea in
he also was naked.  This aide had a good muscled body, was short about
5'5", but had a very respectable cock and two good sized balls, I noticed
that he had a leather band around his cock and balls which seemed to lift
them out and up.

The general told me to bend over and suck the aides cock, as I did so he
had Chris rim my ass, and then suck him prior to entering me.  Was glad
Chris had thought of the oil as there was nothing gentle in the generals
entrance into my body, there was still pain, but any sounds I might have
made were stifled by having my mouth stuffed with cock.

There was a world of difference between the way Chris had fucked me and the
way the general was doing it, with Chris it had gotten to be mutually
pleasurable, but the way the general went at it was more like pain and
humiliation.  As he fucked the general reached around and grabbed my tits,
pulling them out as far as he could, rubbing them between a thumb and
finger, and pinching them, until it was hard for me to stop moaning.  I
guess my moans excited the aide as he really began to fuck my mouth without
any consideration of where his cock was hitting or if I could breathe, so
was gulping in air whenever I could as he even had my nose mashed down into
his pubic hair.

Finally they both came, the general had Chris clean off his and the aides
cock with his mouth, and then said we will go to the gym.

Naked we walked down, and he opened the door and said "I have a surprise
for you."  Standing in the room was a very nice looking middle-aged man,
about 5'7", muscular 150 lbs, and wearing just a jock strap, which bulged,
out well in front.  "Greg" said the general "meet your coach/trainer, this
Song e Bong, or Song-San." "He will be here each day at 1900 and will stay
until 2100 waiting for you.  He will stay as long as you need him when you
do come."  I turned to Song-San and holding me arms straight down, bowed to
him and told him I pleased to met him and hoped I would be a worthy pupil.
The general smiled with pleasure at me, and Song looked happy with my
response and asked me to do some work on each piece of equipment after
showing him some floor exercises.

I still felt a little unforgettable doing all this naked and vowed to wear
a jock when I was working out in the future.  I did about 5 minutes worth
of floor exercises, moved to the balance bar, and did a few moves,
including a back somersault, then on to the pommel horse, and did my cock
and balls bounce as I did maneuvers here.  Had only done a little with the
parallel bars, Song-San came over to help lift me up and he managed to
brush his hand across my cock as he moved away after the lift, he did the
same thing on the high/low bars and really got a good feel when he helped
me up to the rings.  He seemed pleased with the movements I went through
and he and the general jabbered away in Korean for a while.  The general
said I could now show my appreciation to Song-San, by sucking him off while
he fucked me again, and that Chris could now take turns rimming the general
and Song.  Song had a much thicker cock than I had ever had before and
really stretched my mouth.  He was gentle in his motions and took his time
getting it in, and I was pleased he did not try to push it down my throat.
He got a steady pace and I was able to lick him with my tongue on many of
his in and out movements.  When he came I thought it would never end, I
swallowed and swallowed and still it came, finally he pulled out, and then
the general told Chris to take his place and really fuck my mouth, while he
finished fucking my ass.  I was using all my ass muscles to try and help
him, but to no avail.  Chris knew I was used to his cock so he proceeded to
deep throat me and enjoyed it when my tongue slipped over his glans.  He
gave the appearance of a rough face fuck, but was really quite gentle.  The
general was pumping in and out, his pelvis hitting my ass and he went back
to pulling on my tits again, to my great relief he finally came, brought
his cock around and pulling Chris from me made me clean it of cum and ass
juices.

Leaving Song-San we returned to the office, where we dressed and the
general said he would be gone for the weekend, and would see us on Monday.

We trudged back to the compound, my ass aching, and the rubbing of my shirt
on my tits causing great discomfort.  Grabbing towels we headed for the
showers, fortunately they were empty, and we were able to shower in peach
using much very hot water and cleaning every part of our bodies.  Chris had
me bend over as he gently washed and tried to soothe my ass, and was
careful around my nipples.  Wrapping towels around us, after shaving, we
returned to our bunks.  Chris said "Don't get dressed until I come over", I
sat on my bed and waited, when he came he had some ointment which he gently
rubbed into and around my sore nipples and also around the ass, he left the
tube with me, and left me to dress, saying he would see me in the club
later.

The next morning found me painting on a building.  Lt. Col. Sheffield did
not believe in too much idle time.  He had one group building stone pillars
for the entrance into the compound.  First they went out and gathered the
rocks, when enough had been hauled in to start, he split the group into two
parts.  One group did the construction while the other got more rock, to
keep it even they traded every other week.  Others including the officers
were put to work painting the buildings.  I was working on the officer's
billet and was on a slope, they had put a plant across two barrels which
allowed us to reach up to the roof, because of the layout of the land the
plant extended way over one barrel.  It worked ok as long as the other
painter stayed on the plank, and if getting off gave the one hanging in
space time to get back over the barrel.

Unfortunately I had been paired with the asshole Barringer, who thought he
was better than anyone and could not see why he had to do such manual work.
We had been working for about an hour, when without any warning he said "to
hell with this" and jumped off the board, well me being hanging in space
the board tipped up and I went flying with the paint down onto the ground.
Naturally it made a noise and some painting the building across from us
looked over and saw what had happened.  The asshole did not even come over
to see if I was hurt but just stalked off.  Several others came to my aid,
and other than having the wind knocked out of me, I had been able to
somersault off as the board flipped and so only got a few bruises.
Sheffield heard about it came to see if I was all right and was livid over
the incident.  I don't know what he said to Barringer, but relations
between the captain and myself remained rather strained as long as we both
were there.  It also, affected his relationship with the other officers and
made him more of an ass than he already was.

That afternoon I got a chance to go to ChinJu, and took it.  The ride in
the jeep was bumpy and rough as the roads were just dirt with some rock,
not graded and full of ruts and holes.  As I said ChinJu was only 12 miles
away but it took us almost 45 minutes to get there.  About half way there
we had to go through a pass where the road was between two mountains, the
Korean army had flag boys stationed here and you had to watch for them, if
they waved their flag you could go ahead if they held it still it meant go
back.  Also, each way alerted the nest man that a vehicle was coming.  The
reason for this was the guerilla activity in the area.

ChinJu had been a pretty good sized town, and the main town of the area,
but the war had passed through it twice and there was much destruction, and
people were living among the ruins of the buildings.  There was some
rebuilding going on, but not much.  We did some shopping, I got a pair of
rubber boots, which I had been told would come in handy when the monsoon
season hit, and some straw mats go on the floor.

On the way out we drove by the remains of ChinJu castle and stopped at a
shrine by the Nam River.  Non-gae Shrine, which was built to commemorate a
happening in the late 15th century.  Non-gae was a kisaeng (female
entertainer) who was forced to entertain a victorious Japanese general when
Japan invaded Korea. Her patron had been a Korean military official who had
lost his life in the battle for ChinJu.  During the banquet Non-gae lured
the general to the cliffs between the banquet pavilion and the Nam River.
Throwing her arms around the general she forced him over the edge, dragging
him down to the river.  She is the most famous heroine in classical Korean
history.  Looking at the shrine, supposedly built where the
assassination-suicide took place it was hard to imagine.  Either the river
was much higher and the general was too drunk to swim, or falling on the
rocks below killed them. The shrine was shabby because of the war, but it
was apparent that it had been kept in good repair since being built.  Maybe
the Koreans like the Japanese rebuild their shrines every so many years,
keeping the same style, just replacing the worn and weathered wood.

Leaving ChinJu we drove the bumpy dusty road back to our base, arriving in
time for diner.

I waited awhile before showering as wanted to let most of the others get
theirs over with, mainly because I just wanted to stand under the hot water
and let it soothe my aches.

While standing under the steaming water I heard a voice ask, "Want some
company?"  Looking through the steam I could see it was the airman I had
seen my first morning there.  He was just as handsome now as then, I said
"Sure".  He came in and introduced himself as staff sergeant Tony Michaels,
I told him I was 2nd Lt. Greg Young and he said, "I know, welcome to the
AirForceAdvisoryGroup".  I found out he was the one who made sure the
planes were in good working order and that the Koreans knew how to keep
them that way.

He came in took a shower next to me and as I was soaping down, exclaimed:
"Hey, you have got a big bruise on your back from you fall this morning,
let me see if I can massage it for you."  With that he moved over and
gently for such a big man began to massage and area just above my left
buttock, next thing I knew he was kneading my buttocks and stroking his
hand down my ass crack, and one hand snaked under me to cup my balls. "Oh,
Lt. I have been waiting for this he said as he turned me around and began
to kiss me.

I was in shock, this was an airman, and it was beginning to look as if we
would be having sexual relations.

Just then I heard "What is going on?' and turning saw Chris standing in the
doorway, he turned and locked the outside door, and coming in the shower
room said "See you have met Tony the tiger, be good to him and he will be
good to you."  Chris walked over gave Tony a kiss and fondled his cock with
one hand and played with his ass with the other.  Chris said that Tony
would try and watch out for me after he left, and that he and Tony had been
lovers for sometime and that Tony knew what went on with General Park, and
was discreet and no one would ever find out from him what was going on.
With that he told Tony to bend over and suck his cock while he told me to
fuck Tony up the ass.  Tony had a talented ass, and used his ass muscles in
a way I had not encountered before; decided he would have to teach me his
tricks.  His anal canal was soft as velvet and warm as my cock slid in and
out, soon he was bucking his hips back causing his ass to hit my pelvic
region hard, Chris was pumping his cock fast in and out of Tony's mouth and
we both exploded at the same time.  Tony was hard as steel and had not yet
cum, Chris asked him how he wanted to get off, and he looked at me, saying,
"Can I fuck you doggy style?"  Nodding my head I got down on my hands and
knees and the next thing I knew there was this tongue licking my ass and
coming to rest on the hole as he kissed and sucked it, getting me ready for
his big cock.  He placed the head at my opening and gently pushed it in,
slowly entering until I could feel his pubic hair on my ass.  He began a
slow fuck in and out that was beginning to drive me crazy.  I shouted "Fuck
me for Christ's sake, really give it to me."  He then speeded up and gave
me a hard and satisfying fuck.

Finally we all stood up, finished our showers, and first Tony left then in
a little while after shaving Chris and I walked back to our bunks.

After spending some time at the club, I decided it was time for sleep so
left and went to my bunk, stripped and fell on top of the sheets, as it was
too warm for covers.  This made me wonder how I would sleep when I was
moved in with the others, surely they did not all sleep nude on top of the
sheets.  Sometime during the night being rolled over and a cock entering my
ass awakened me.  I heard Chris say, "Just had to have somemore of you as
will not be able to for too much longer."  With sensuous strokes he worked
his cock in and out of me, then pulling out said "Turn over, I want to see
your face, and be able to kiss you."  Turning over on my back he got
between my legs and I threw them over his back drawing him close as he
entered me again, and leaned down to kiss me as our tongues battled for
supremacy in each others mouths.

One hand, held him up as the other teased and pulled at my nipples, I could
feel myself getting hard and before I knew it exploded, part of the jizz
hitting his face, with one last deep stroke he came within me, and
softening pulled out and presented his cock to me to clean.  We licked the
cum off of each other and giving me another kiss he departed.

I lay there thinking, what had happened to me.  In such a short time I had
changed from a person who thought the only way to have sex was with a
woman, now I found myself enjoying having sex with men, and in one case
even looking forward to it.  It was only when there was an element of rape
and cruelty that I did not like it.  I slowly drifted off to sleep thinking
of the very satisfying episodes with Chris and Tony this evening/night.

---

Untitled (Chapter 27)

Date: Wed, 31 Dec 2003 10:04:38 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 2

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 2

Chris took me in his arms and slowly ran his hands over my body saying
"so sorry, but it will become bearable and maybe enjoyable for you".  I
slowly stopped crying and only could say "How?  Why me?"

I was disgusted, scared, afraid and a little turned on by what had
happened and was having a hard time coming to terms with what had happened.

First Chris told me, "The Koreans are a cruel and sadist bunch of
people.  You will soon see some of the cadets take a rat tie a long wire
to it, douse it in oil or gas and set it on fire, then whirl it around
until it dies.
They do this as the rat is the only thing lower than they are they can
take their frustrations out on.  They are beaten etc, all the time in
training.  Their system of getting young men for the services is to
drive through villages and if they see a likely candidate take him, if
he resists they beat him and take him anyway.  This also spills over
into other areas."

Chris explained, "When the general took command he made his wishes
known, and while he (Chris) was not exactly what he wanted, he was the
youngest, and was given over to the general.  His initiation had been
much different than mine, he had been told to report to the general for
instructions.  Upon entering the generals office he had been told to
strip, when hesitating the general called for his aide and five others
who then stripped Chris, tied his arms behind his back and by putting
pressure on his balls he was forced to suck each of the six minor
officers, then they threw him on a desk and proceeded to fuck him.  The
general informed him that he would perform those services for him from
now on with one added, as he bent over and demanded that Chris suck and
kiss his ass and ass-hole."

Chris said he was really out of it and in pain from the work on his
balls and the fucking he had received when they began to work on his
tits.  This caused him to become hard, and the general made one of his
juniors suck Chris off.
He was still resisting them so the general called down for six more to
come up and put him through the sucking, fucking routine.  This went on
for several hours until he finally gave up and agreed to do what the
general wanted.
After being allowed to dress and leave Chris walked very slowly and
gingerly back to the compound as he ass was hurting, the rubbing of his
shirt against his nipples caused pain, and his jaw was sore.  Arriving
back at the compound he immediately requested to see the commanding
officer.  He related the events to the colonel and requested that
something be done.  The colonel leaned back in is chair saying "Sorry
there is nothing I can do, we are hear to help these people build an air
force and to cooperate with them in all ways.  While their culture is
different from ours we will respect it, and you will follow the generals
orders, especially if you expect a good efficiency report."  Chris now
knew there was no way out for him and resigned him to the fact that for
the next six months he was at the generals mercy.

The colonel had told Chris that the Air Force was looking for someone to
be his replacement as the liaison between the general and the group.
There was an underground network working to find and get a person who
would most likely met the generals requirements.  Chris told me that
"ever since you had your physical at summer camp they have been keeping
tabs on you and taking photos and making sure that you would fit the
requirements."  Apparently the general wanted someone of a certain
build, who was personable, sexually inexperienced, who would be able to
follow his orders.  They were sure of the first three but did not know
about the last, but decided on me anyway.

This explanation now told me why some of the things which had happened
from the time I reached Parks to my landing at the K site had happened,
but did not make me feel any better.

Chris said there were some advantages, and I probably would be pleased
with them.  By this time I had calmed down, but was still unable to
accept my fate.  It was made worse knowing there was no one I could
complain to about it, as it would all get swept under the rug.

Chris said that somehow the general found out he had complained, so Park
arranged for Chris to spend the weekend with him, and from Friday
evening until Sunday evening Chris was made to service any officer or
airman who wished to use him, and to satisfy them in whatever they
wanted.  After that he never said anything about change, and did get a
good efficiency report after all.

It appeared that my initiation was a much kinder one, and I found out
later Chris had intervened to make it so, convincing the general that to
break me in gradually, rather than like they had done with him, it would
work to his advantage.

We heard the door unlock and Gen. Park entered, I really got a good look
at him, he was quite good looking, a little taller than I was but lean
and fit.  The muscles on his arms and legs were well defined; he had a
hairless chest and stomach, with proportional pecs, well formed erected
nipples with aureoles about a quarter in size.  There was just a hint of
hair from his navel to his pubic bush, his cock was standing straight up
and his balls were loose, well formed and hanging low in their sac.

Park walked over to me pulled me up and began to kiss me, the first time
a man kisses another man is different, but in a minute his tongue was in
my mouth and I found myself responding to him, he kept this up as his
hands played with my nipples, rolling them, pulling them and making them
stand erect, then he moved his mouth down and began sucking on one,
while still manipulating the other.  Soon he changed nipples and hand
and then slowly bent me down toward his upstanding cock.  I understood
what he wanted and began to lick the staff and his balls.  He must of
said something to Chris as I felt a tongue moving up and down the crack
of my ass, the cheeks being pulled apart and a mouth sucking and
tonguing my hole.

Park forced my mouth back to his cock and began to push it in all the
way, when it reached the back of my mouth the gag reflex took hold and
he pulled out.  Park told Chris to help me to learn to take a cock all
the way and the next session he expected me to able to do it.

Park then moved to my back and again worked his cock up my ass, he took
his time and while it was painful was not as bad as before.  He had me
suck Chris, and so I was being had at both ends, slowly the movement in
my ass began to be pleasurable and I was surprised to find myself
pushing back to get more of the general's cock in me.  After a while
Chris came in my mouth, and I found that I could swallow his cum ok and
rather liked the taste of it.  Chris then went down on me and I guess
that when I came the contractions of the ass muscles trigged Park as he
came deep in me.  Park also told Chris to help me learn how to use my
ass muscles to pleasure his cock when it was buried in me.

There were warm towels brought in and we wiped ourselves off, and
redressed in the yakuta's.  The general said he had something to tell me
and also to show me.  Walking into his office we put on slippers, as we
had to go to another part of the building.  When we reached a room at
the far end of the ground floor and the door was opened I was astonished
to see a room full of gymnastic equipment.  There was a horse, balance
bar, parallel bars, horizontal high and low bars, flying rings, and a
matted area for floor exercises.  I turned in amazement and could only
saw "wow."  Park smiled and said when he found out I did gymnastics he
had ordered the set up for me, and said that the only swimming he could
give me would be in the ocean, but I was to feel free to use this room
anytime.  It had an outside door, and he gave me a key to it, said the
inside door had only one key, his, and thus I would not be disturbed
when I used the equipment unless he came to see me.  I could not help
myself, I threw myself at him and this time initiated the kiss, finally
breaking I said: "Thank you so much."

General Park said: "This is not all, I know you wanted to fly but your
eyes were not good enough for flight training. I have made arrangements
so that you will be given flight lessons, and when you have passed the
tests will be able to co-pilot me in my private plane when we travel.
Your lessons will begin in two days."

I was overwhelmed and tears came to my eyes, after the abuse of my body,
which I had hated, he had gone to this trouble to see that I would be
happy while with him.  It was hard for me to understand him.

I was asked for a demonstration and the only thing I felt comfortable on
after so long was the flying rings, going over to the rosin, I dropped
my yakuka, rosined my hands and asked Chris to hoist me up. Grabbing the
rings I began to do some of the simple moves and then realized I was
naked and my cock and balls were flopping with each move, but somehow it
did not bother me.  Since it had been some time since I had done
strenuous gymnastics I soon tired and dropped to the floor.  Both of my
watchers said it was well done; though I knew better.  Dressing again we
returned to the general's office, retrieved and dressed in our fatigues
and slowly walked back to the base.

Chris:  "I think that you will do a good job, know that this is new to
you, as it was to me, but one can get used to almost anything.  I just
hope that when I reach home I will be able to put this behind me.  Now I
will be coming over to where you sleep each night for a while you learn
to take a cock all the way down your throat, we will go easy and not
force the issue.  You will also fuck me and see how I use my ass muscles
on your cock and then we will reverse the procedure and you will show me
how you can use your ass muscles on my cock.  This also will help to get
your ass used to being fucked and the pain will soon be almost gone,
except maybe for the entering."

Me:  "Thanks, for all you have told me and for trying to make this
easier for me, it does not help to know that there is basically nothing
I can do about it, and no one to confide in, but you, and you will soon
be leaving."
Chris:  "You must try and make friends with someone close to your own
age, unfortunately only the airmen fall in that range, but we will talk
to the Lt. Col. He probably will ok it and see that you get no static
for it, after all we are still considered a war zone, so fraternization
rules are a little looser."
When we have some time I will give you a run down on our fellow
officers, and let you know which ones you might be able to trust and
confide somewhat about what you are doing"

By this time we had reached the compound and getting our towels we
walked down to the shower room for a nice long hot shower, we soaped
each others backs, enjoyed the steaming water and more or less ignored
anyone else in the showers.
That evening sitting in the club Chris gave me the rundown on my fellow
officers.  Lt. Col. Sheffield and 1st Lt. Pagget I had already met.
Chris informed Sheffield was good and would do what he could for me, and
to let him know if I thought I was in real trouble.  Pagget he said was
a sex fiend, and didn't matter who he fucked as long as he could fuck
someone.  Chris thought he had a relationship with someone in the
compound, but did not know who it might be.   Major George Ductcher was
an easygoing person, but would be going home within a month.  Major
Edward Castle was our Provost as well as training pilots and probably
would be one of the ones to train me to fly. Captain's Clarence
Harrellson and Wallace Holmes I probably would not have much interaction
with, except in the barracks and mess hall.  Captain Richard Brock was
another he thought might be involved in my flight training, he was a
"good ol boy" and somewhat of an exhibitionist, as he walked around nude
in the barracks and back and forth to the shower room, was rather
entertaining to listen to and easy to get along with.  Captain Ralph
Barringer was an ass and I should avoid him, for some reason he thought
he never should have been stationed here, and he felt he was far better
than anyone else, had even had his own motor scooter shipped to him. The
one interesting fact was when his hold luggage arrived it had holes in
one of the footlockers and the only things left in the locker were two
hunting rifles.  He had a large chip on his shoulder.  Captain Duane
Bishop was another pilot trainer who Chris thought would work with me.
He was younger than the others and had a real outgoing personality.
1st. Lt. William Halcomb ran the motor pool and would be a good person
to get to know, though he was rather taciturn, once you got to know him
he was interesting to be with.  As I had seen, but not met most of them
his critique was most informative for me.  As he finished Major Castle
came over to us bearing scotches for us introduced himself and Chris
introduced me as 2nd. Lt. Greg Young, new to the compound, and still
feeling my way.   Major Castle welcomed me and told me he would be
arranging my flight training and is sure to see him after lunch tomorrow
to set up a schedule.  We then spent a pleasant time just getting
acquainted.

I left the club walked back to my lonely room and got ready for bed.  I
had just turned off the light when the door opened, and I heard Chris
whisper "Are you awake?"  Answering "Yes", he said "cocksucking lesson
time."  He kicked off his shoes, pulled off his trousers and said "Lets
do each other, and you can follow what I do, or if there is anything
would like done to you, try it on me and I will follow."  He had me
remove my shorts and lay down with his head at my cock and his cock at
my head.  He then gently took my cock into his mouth and swirled his
tongue around the head of my cock.  I was uncircumcised and he was, so
there was a difference in the cocks.  His felt so smooth, but I could
feel the ridges in it; he slowly pushed his cock into my mouth until he
hit the back and then just let it rest.  He was busy tonguing around my
foreskin, getting down to the ridge at the head and really driving me
wild.  Next I felt his mouth engulf me and slowly slid down the shaft,
could tell when it hit the back of his mouth, he took a big gulp of air
and pushed his mouth down and I could feel my cock entering his throat
and his lips in at the base of my cock.

He kept up the motion on my cock for several minutes until I thought I
would explode, then he abruptly pulled his mouth off.  Saying "Now try
to get mine into your throat, when you feel the gag reflex, draw back a
bit, take a deep breath and try again."  Following his instructions, I
tried this several times and finally was able to get just a bit past the
gag reflex.  When this happened, Chris said it was enough for tonight
and we would just suck each other off.  It took no time for me to cum as
he had kept me on edge all night, I had to work on him a bit longer but
as last I could taste him, it was a bitter sweet taste I was beginning
to enjoy.

He turned around, took me in his arms and kissed me, pushing his tongue
in my mouth we exchanged the taste of each other.  He caressed me and
ran his hands over my back and ass, pushing me into him and our cocks
mashed against each other.  Finally giving me one last kiss, he put on
his trousers and shoes and left.
Finally, I feel asleep, but had weird dreams about had happened.

The next morning, I was awakened by the sounds of the houseboy (Jim-San)
bringing my hot water for shaving and a mini sponge bath.  With all that
had gone on the night before I asked if when he finished the others
would he please bring me some more?  Since the only hot water we had was
at the showers, each morning a small bucket of hot water was brought
from the kitchen area to us, we had a wash basin and threw the used
water out on the miniature lawns. For brushing teeth we used water from
our canteens, which were filled with potable water at least twice a day.
My mouth and teeth felt odd with the remnants of the cum from the night
before, so was glad to get out of bed and brush my teeth, then looking
in the mirror could see some remnants of dried cum around my mouth.
As I soaped up the wash cloth and began to erase the signs of last
night's activities, the Jim-San returned with more water.  He took in my
naked body and semi-erect cock and smiled, turned and went on his way.
I needed to piss and since the pissour was just outside my door and down
a few steps walked out nude, pissed and returned to my bunk.  I did not
feel bad about it, as walking back a nude airman was making his way past
me, I could not help but look as he was built like a body builder and
extremely nice looking, he smiled winked at me and went on to piss.
I took a long look at me as I began to shave; I looked the same, but
felt different.  I was rather stunned when it dawned on exactly what had
happened.  Here I was a stranger in a strange land with a different
culture than what I was used to.  I was in an area where there were not
even 75 Americans, surrounded by who knows how many Korean air force
people.  No town of any size closer than 12 miles and only a small
village outside the base gates.  Few people my own age, and since the
military frowned upon fraternization between officers and enlisted men,
little chance to make friends, unless Chris had been right and that the
rules could be bent a bit here.  I felt like I was all alone in the
world and nowhere to turn nor anyone to talk to.

If I learned one thing from my parents and college it was to be
pragmatic about things, so as I continued my morning ablutions I took
stock of what where things stood.  One: it was apparent things were not
going to change to suit me; two: it would up to me to make the best of
the situation; three: I needed to take a careful look at the people I
would be working with, and determine which ones were to be really
trusted and how to classify all of them, also to determine which was the
one to be on watch for as the most dangerous to me.  I knew there was
always one that you needed to keep your eye on, now to find him and
neutralize him as fast as possible.

As for my relations with the general, it was completely out of my
control, so I needed to find out a way to make the best of a bad deal. I
was already a little encouraged by the gymnastic equipment and the
promise that I would learn to fly, so maybe I could learn to at least
endure whatever happened with him.
Having drawn these conclusions, I could put at least a pleasant look on
my face as I walked over to eat breakfast.  I was early and the mess-boy
(Kim) brought me my coffee, told me they had scrambled eggs (powdered
kind), some bacon, and pancakes.  I asked for the eggs and bacon, and
while acceptable would never match the real thing.  As I was leaving
others were straggling in and we nodded and wished each other "Good
Morning", guess it would take time to get to know them.

I spent the morning learning about my respective responsibilities, and
was really happy that I had been blessed with real intelligent and
helpful sergeants in each of the areas.  I knew I would learn a lot from
them, and when I let them know that I needed their help in carrying out
my duties, found I had said the magic words and from then on they were
the kindest most helpful people I could find anywhere.

Lunch time came, and Chris came by to go to the mess with me, we ate
with Major Castle, Captain Harrellson, and Lt. Padgett.  They told me of
some of the things about the area, and what I found out was that while
ChinJu was only 12 miles away, due to the roads it was between a
half-hour and forty-five minute drive. That on the drive there was a
pass you had to go through, which had Korean soldiers stationed there to
flag you through as there were still guerrilla bands operating in the
area, and that a raid had been made on the village and base at Christmas
time. That there was a tunnel leading out from under the club building
to get out of the compound, which had been built by the Japanese when
they built the field.  They explained the gun emplacement dugouts and
who was assigned to each one.  I found that I was assigned to the one
just south of the buildings as my office was only one building away, and
sleeping quarters were next to it.  They explained we may get a movie
once a week, but not to count on it, and the chaplain usually was able
to get to us about once a month, or every two months.  While I was glad
to receive all this information, it really only made me feel more isolated.

As we left the table, Major Castle reminded me to come and see him
around 1400.  Chris said we still had some time left so we should get
some sun, once again we enjoyed each other's company lying nude and
soaking in the rays.  He had mad arrangements for the Jim-San to bring
us some water to sponge off the sweat before getting dressed and we each
did the others backs.  While the water was more cold than warm, it did
the job and I felt refreshed when I dressed and returned to work.

A little after 1330 I called for a jeep and was taken down to the flight
line and Major Castle's office.  He set up  schedule for me, Captain
Bishop would be my initial instructor, getting me familiar with the
training plane, and would give me most of my instructions.  Captain
Brock would make sure I was proficient in landings and takeoffs after
Bishop had finished with me.  He, Castle, would then take me into the
fighter plane and the general's private plane for final instructions.  I
would begin the next day, and since our day began at 0800 he would
expect me around  0930, which would give me time to check on things
before coming down for my bootleg flight training.
Leaving him, I thought of something else, and requested the driver to
take me to General Park's headquarters. Arriving there, I went to his
adjutant and asked if would be possible to speak to the general.
He spoke enough English to know what I was asking, excused himself and
went up the general's office.  In a few minutes he returned and had a
sergeant take me to the general.  I entered bowed and thanked him for
seeing me.  He asked what he could do for me.  I once again thanked him
for the gymnastic equipment, but told him I was rusty, and did he know
of a trainer or coach who might be able to help me. Also, that it was
dangerous for me to try and practice alone, and while I knew Chris would
come with me as long as he was here I would soon need someone else there
and the trainer/coach would fill that also.  He said "I will see what I
can do, and now what can you do for me?"  He was rubbing his crotch, so
I walked over to him knelt on the floor and looking up at him said "I
hope I may give you some pleasure."  With that I reached up and
unbuckled his belt, pulled down his zipper, then pulling his trousers
and underwear down, had him sit at his desk as I used my mouth and
tongue on his cock and balls.  With the training Chris had given me the
night before I was able to get more of his cock in my mouth and keep it
longer, he allowed me to do this for a while then pushed my head to his
balls for me to suck, and then raising up had me tongue and suck his
perineum and ass before pulling me back shoving his cock in my mouth
giving almost more jizz than I could swallow, finally his cock began to
soften, he had me clean with my tongue and then he redressed, and said
to tell Chris he was doing well as a teacher.

My cock had somehow gotten hard during this, could it be I liked it?  I
took my time going down the stairs and out, and my cock had softened
somewhat so it was not all that noticeable, and I was glad I had not
leaked through my trousers.
Went back to work and finished the day feeling pretty good, but still
concerned about the future and how I was going to handle it.

Chris stopped by before dinner to tell me the general had an engagement
that night and would be gone for the next two days.  This he said would
give him to time to teach me what the general liked and expected in the
way of sex.  I wondered why the general had not told me when I saw him,
but guess he did not want to, oh well.  Chris said he was going to
shower in about 15 minutes and would knock on the door for me to go with
him.

We walked down to the showers with our towels around us, and when we got
there most of the showerheads were taken, so we waited until a couple
together became vacant.  Through the door from the small changing room,
we had a good view of most of the people showering, both airmen and
officers, and could see that most of them were in pretty good shape, a
few a little flabby, none fat, and most had average cocks, though there
were some which were on the large size, particularly on one Chris told
me was from Lithuania and who normally drank about half a liter of vodka
each night.  He was a big blond and well muscled, and moved about with
what I considered an animal grace.
We went in and showered, washing each other's backs and chatting, this
became routine for us as long as Chris was there and just enjoying the
hot water.  We then went into the changing room and using basins shaved,
we did this twice a day as the morning shave water was not always the
hottest, and the less beard you had the better.  On the way out Chris
said that tomorrow we would hit the showers around 1600 as we needed to
do some body hair shaving.  I began to wonder how I would manage this
when he left.

After dinner, Chris suggest we go over to the small PX and pick up a few
items, he had us get a small bottle of baby lotion, some other lotion
and I got a few items I needed.  Chris noticed the lotions were getting
low and suggested to the airman at the counter that they had best order
more soon.

I took my purchases home and since I really did not feel like drinking
decided to check out the library.  I was quite surprised to find it
really well stocked with books in all categories, knew then I would be
doing a lot of reading.  There was no librarian as it was on the honor
system, and besides where would you take the books anyway.  Found a
historical fiction I had not read and sitting in one of the very
comfortable chairs began to read.  The library was the only place on the
compound with any kind of comfortable furniture; it was bamboo with nice
cushions, a couch and four chairs with arms, I knew I would enjoy this area.

I found the book interesting and the time passed rather quickly, thought
it was odd no one else came in, but later found out that except for me
only two or three others used the library.  What a waste, so much time
with really nothing to do and all this reading available.

The chair I had picked had its back to the door and while I was
engrossed in the book, did not hear footsteps behind me and the next
thing I knew someone was nibbling at my right ear.  It gave me intense
pleasure and I turned to see Chris, who then moved his mouth to cover
mine in a long kiss, our tongues fought a duel with each other and I
felt a rush of pleasure through my body.

He gently lifted me up saying: "Do you realize it is almost midnight?"
Time had flown for me; we walked back up the hill in the moonlit night
and he came into my barracks with me, saying: "Next lesson."  We
stripped our clothes off, he looked around and found the lotion I had
purchased and pushing be down on the bed, said: "Relax and enjoy."  Haw,
easy for him to say, as took some of the lotion and began to massage my
asshole, first putting one finger in and working it around, then more
lotion, a second finger and more stretching and massaging and then with
a cry of pain I felt a third finger force its way in.  He worked on me
for what seemed forever, as I tried to adjust to the pain of the
fingers, and finally just as it was becoming bearable he pulled out
.
Lying down beside me on the small cot, he began to nibble my ear, moving
his mouth over and around my face, giving quick little kisses, he moved
to my neck and began to suck and kiss me, as he began to fondle my
nipples bringing them very erect, he moved his mouth to my nipples
sucking and kissing them while his hands cupped my balls, and stroked by
legs and thigh, and slipping his hand between my legs to massage my
ass.  Now, I was realizing and enjoying, he had me going and my cock was
hard and precum as dripping out, I wanted relief, he turned me on my
back, lifted my legs and dove between my ass cheeks to tongue and kiss
the hole hidden there, he had me writhing in a loss of self control as I
wanted him to enter me.  He instructed me to put my legs on his
shoulders, as he liked to face those he fucked.  I could feel his cock
at my hole and it just would not go in, with a sharp push he got it past
the sphincter, I let out a sharp gasp of extreme pain as he brought his
mouth down and kissed me.  He kissed me and played with my nipples while
my ass adjusted to his bigness, as he felt me relax he began a highly
sensual fucking of me, his strokes were long and gentle and they were
creating waves of great enjoyment, not only in my ass, but in my whole
body.  This was nothing like when I was raped the first time, but a
loving and considerate fuck, which was producing sensations of enjoyment
in every fiber of my body, I did not want it to end.

Chris continued to fuck me and was constantly kissing me on the mouth,
kissing and sucking my nipples, nibbling on an ear and kissing my neck.
He really marked me and was glad the next day we had group scarves we
could wear in lieu of ties, as really had some nice hickeys.

My pent up sperm could take it no longer and I came with great jolts,
spattering both of us with great gobs of cum.  I guess the spasms of my
ass must have sent Chris over the edge as with a heave he imbedded
himself as far as possible in me and I could feel the contractions of
his cock as he spent his cum into me.

Lying on top of me he gently caressed me as he became detumescent, and
slowly slipped out of me.
I asked him how he was able to go so long without cumming and he said
that while in Japan on one trip had picked up some tubes of what they
called "dink deadener", you put in on the head of the penis just under
the glans and around the head and it is sort of a narcotic which
desensitizes the area and thus makes it longer before you are able to cum.
We were a mess, since it was now about 0200, he suggested we go take a
shower and clean up, as there should be some tepid water left, grabbing
my towel we quietly left the building and made our way to the shower,
where there was enough warmish water to cleanse ourselves.  We walked
back in the warm night and he came in to dress, but took me in his arms
and we kissed holding each other and caressing each others backs,
buttocks and cock and balls.  I could not understand my feelings; I
never wanted to let him go this was far from what I imagined myself to
be.  He said "We seem to have made a connection, I am only sorry I will
soon be leaving, but it you are willing we will make the best of the
time we have left."  I could not speak only nod my head up and down and
he quietly left me and made his way to his own bunk.

Naked and feeling alone I climbed into my bunk, which still smelt of our
recent passion, I would have to ask JimSan to change it tomorrow.  What
would he think?  I had a good night's rest peopled only with dreams of
Chris, his cock and the perfect sex we had.


If you would like to read more of my adventure, please let me know.  Thanks

---

Untitled (Chapter 28)

Date: Mon, 29 Dec 2003 11:24:07 -0700
From: Greg Young
Subject: Air Force Memories 1

Copyright for this story belongs to and remains with the author. I don't
have any major objection to my work being re-distributed, but ASK FIRST!!!

This is a gay adult story with the consequent language and images. If
Homosexuality and/or sexually explicit themes offend you then do not
continue. If these are illegal in your area, then you have my sympathy,
but you proceed at your own risk.

This is a story of the 1950's, and as such the characters are not bound
by the usual dictates of modern society, as sex was fairly safe between
males at that time. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken today with
impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation
and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

For obvious reasons the names have been changed, and also the chronology
has been shortened in order to tighten the story up.

I wish to dedicate this to Garth Wells, my mentor, without him this
story would never have been written.  He is a great writer himself and
has given me encouragement and help all through this, my first attempt
at writing.  I also want to acknowledge Pete Brown and Bill Smith whose
stories have given me so much pleasure.

I hope that you will find the following worthwhile.

Air Force Memories 1

How in the hell has this happened, me an officer and gentleman of the
USAF being held down by another officer and gentleman of the USAF and a
general of the ROKAF, with one holding my legs wide spread as he sticks
his cock in my mouth and the other ramming his hard cock in and out of
my ass, neither of which were virgin, but had not know such treatment as
they were now getting.

It was a long long flight across the Pacific on MATS, the plane was
loaded with service men and dependents going to Hawaii and the Far
East.  I had gotten up early in order to finish my packing and catch the
bus to the flight line and now as I looked out the window at the endless
expanse of sky and clouds I began to reminisce on what had happened that
I had ended up on this plane going to an unknown destination and to an
unknown future.

I had grown up in a small town, but had advantages not normally
available to a lot of my peers and friends. My father was an engineer
and my mother a classical pianist, talented artist, and teacher.  We
also made frequent trips to the state capital where mother was born and
raised, as well to the Los Angeles area where her family moved due to my
grandfather's health.  These trips gave me an insight and understanding
of a world outside the small close knit community I called home.

I had a cousin 18 months older and lived right in back of us.  We grew
up more as brothers did, as he had no siblings and I did not get any
until I was six.  Due to our closeness we had experimented with sex, and
while he liked me to suck him off, he would not suck me but wanted only
to be fucked.  I tried to get him to fuck me, but he never could get it
in.  That pleasure came to me during my junior year in college when my
roommate fucked me for the first time and I enjoyed it.  We remained
fuck and suck buddies for two years.  When graduation came we
sorrowfully parted ways and each believed it was the end of what had
been a wonderful interlude for us, but now it was time to enter the
world, get on with our lives, marry and have children as the rest of our
peers were doing.

I was of slender build 5"8" and weighed 135 lbs., but most of it was
muscle due to the fact that I swam and also did gymnastics.  Nudity had
never been a problem with me, as beginning in the seventh grade we were
required to take PE and shower each day, so from the age thirteen on was
used to seeing the naked male body, also in my university swimming class
the only time suits were worn was when competing, other than that it was
nude swimming as the pool was closed except for those in the class.

My eyes are brown with green specks and my hair a dark brown almost
black, I have a slight spattering of hair on my body, but it was kept
shaved while I was swimming.

My reverie was broken by an announcement that we were approaching Hawaii
and would be on the ground for about four hours.  Upon landing some of
us caught a bus into Honolulu and made for Waikiki Beach, we had drinks
at the Royal Hawaiian and looked out over the beach and watched the
waves come rolling in.  We regretted we did not have the time nor gear
to go swimming as the ocean looked so inviting.  We left the beach and
went into town and did some sight seeing and then back to the plane and
off for Midway Island.

I drifted into thoughts again once we reached the cruising altitude for
the plane and thought about how I had ended up in the Air Force at all.

It all started at the junior college in my hometown, the first year I
was there they got an Air Force ROTC unit, and it being just a few years
after the end of World War II, a lot of us were still quite patriotic.
I had two uncles and several cousins who had been in the war and all
came home and when the opportunity came for me to do my part there was
no hesitation.  During the summer between my sophomore and junior year
North Korea invaded South Korea and our future was changed forever.

I did have the opportunity to opt out of ROTC my junior year, but it
never did enter my mind to do so, I had made a commitment and meant to
keep it, even though the thoughts of going to a war zone scared me to
death.  But after talking to my family and getting their support it
became easier for me to go on with the program.

How little I knew that Monday afternoon in May 1953, that it would be
the beginning of a whole new approach to life for me.  The sun was
shining on the Greek Amphitheater as 139 of us were inducted into the
armed forces as Second Lieutenants.  The bulk of us in the Air Force.
It was the end of four years of ROTC training and nearly the end of my
university life, at the grand age of 22.

Upon entering the Air Force and going through a training school, while
we were in training there was much nudity with men going back and forth
to the showers and some good natured horseplay, but no indication of any
attachments between us, except for becoming good friends . I met some
excellent people, and became friends with many, some of those
friendships continue to this day.

At the completion of the training I was assigned to go to Korea as a
Supply and Intelligence Officer, and had a 30 day leave before I had to
report to Parks AFB.

In May 1954 I reported to Parks AFB to be transported to my assignment
in Korea, while there I renewed my friendships with several of the
officers I had gotten to know previously, and was not happy when they
received their orders to board ship and sail for the their assignments
in Japan and Korea.  I was told that my orders would come later.  Spent
time watching Army/McCarthy hearings, but disgust of McCarthy soon
turned me off on that.  Not much to do, one of the duty officers
reminded that the area of the BOQ where I was assigned was empty and
that the grassy spaces between the buildings would be a good place to
get a tan if I wanted one, as no one could see me I could sunbathe
naked, which I did. I was there long enough to get a good overall tan,
but it was lonely as there were no other officers awaiting shipment
there at the time.  I counted the days and checked the bulletin board
each day to see if I was posted to leave.  Finally my orders came and I
was to be a courier to take the personnel records of those who had
sailed previously and fly to Tokyo International Airport and then to
Tachikawa AFB for further processing.

Once again I came back to reality as the pilot announced we were
approaching Midway Island, it was just a sand spit more or less and
while we ate there, it was nothing to really remember.  Back on the
plane and I slept for a while but wondering just what was going to
happen to me when I reached my duty assignment.

I was awakened by the announcement we were coming in for a landing at
Tokyo, and I was groggy from the lack of sleep and the long plane ride,
but I was totally unprepared for what Japan was like.  Upon going down
the steps from the plane the first thing that got me was the smell, it
is hard to describe, but it was one completely foreign to me.  One
becomes used to it in time but is a shock when you first land.  There
was a jeep awaiting me at the air terminal to take me to Tachikawa, and
I threw my bag in the back and I got a look at the land and people as we
drove to my destination.

Upon reporting at Tachikawa and delivering the records I was carrying, I
was assigned a room in the BOQ.  About 20 minutes after I had gotten to
my room Captain Thomas Clay came in and suggested I get some rest as
Colonel James Ballard and Major John Truax were requesting my presence
for dinner.  He said if I would give him my uniform, shirt, underwear
and sox, he would have them cleaned and back for me about 1600.  As it
was now close to 0900, and as I had not really slept since we left Parks
the day before, I stripped gave him my clothes and fell into a sleep.

At 1600 I was awakened by Captain Clay with my clothes, he showed me
where the shower was and said that someone would call for me about six
PM.  I got ready and at 1800 an airman arrived in a sedan to take me off
base to meet Colonel Ballard and Major Truax.  They were congenial
people and we had a nice dinner while they asked me questions about my
background, how much I knew of Japanese and Korean customs, and gave me
some very helpful information.

As the dinner was winding down the major suggested that they take me to
the Tokyo Onsen for one of their famous baths, so he called made
arrangements for the three of us and we drove the about 20 miles into
Tokyo.  The Onsen had set up an area for the three of us and we were
shown where to strip and leave our clothes.  After this we entered a
room where young ladies washed us and then had us soak in what to me was
very hot water.  After this a blind man came in and gave us massages.  I
had never felt so relaxed and clean in my life.  I thought we would now
return to the base but the major had arranged for us to be taken to a
sex show, which I must admit shocked me.  First there were two women who
came out and made love to each other, kissing, sucking each other's
nipples and eating out each other's pussy.  Then two men came in who
proceeded to kiss, suck the women's nipples, and fuck them both in the
pussy and the ass.  This was really an eye opener to me and my cock was
straining against the fabric of my trousers, I was afraid I might come
then.  They foursome finished their show and the lights dimmed, I
thought that this was the end and began to rise to go, but the colonel
pulled me back down, whispering there is one more act.  The lights came
up and two very handsome, muscular young men came out and began kissing
each other and running their hands over each others bodies, one of the
brought his mouth down to the nipple of the other and began sucking on
it while twisting the other nipple with his hand, the first man began to
moan as the other switched nipples and then worked his way to began to
lick the first mans balls, soon the first man pulled him up and repeated
what had been done to him.  Next he pushed the man over and began to
tongue his ass and hole, getting it good and wet, and then pushed his
cock in and rocked back and forth as the fuckee groaned, the fucker
pulled his cock out pushed the other on the floor and they each began to
suck on the others cock.  They continued this play for some time,
sucking, fucking each other and finally allowing themselves to come by
pulling out of each other's mouth and shooting on the others face.

Going home the major said the purpose of the show was that in the
Japanese's culture homosexuality was not frowned upon, but accepted as a
way of life, and as soon as I understood the workings of the oriental
mind then I would really be able to excel in my job assignment.  I had
no idea what he was talking about, while watching the two men perform I
still had my raging hard on, but really had no thoughts of having sex
with another man.  I thought that phase of my life was over with.

The next morning I met Captain Clay at breakfast and he informed the
transport ship had docked at Yokohama during the night and that the
passengers should be arriving on base before noon.  My friends who had
taken the ship were quite surprised to see me already there, and
questioned me about the Tokyo Onsen.  Apparently they had heard about it
on the ship.  I told them, yes I knew about it and so we decided to go
to Tokyo that night.  We got to the Onsen and were given individual
sites this time; they did not want to see a show so after the bath we
returned to the base.  Over the next two days we made several excursions
to see some the surrounding country, but each day our group grew smaller
until the third day I was once again alone.  Little did I realize at the
time that except for a couple of very short visits would I ever see any
of these men I had come to know so well during our training in the states.

The next day Captain Clay told me since the weekend was coming up that
Colonel Ballard had arranged to take me to Nikko and the Toshogu Shrine
and to stay overnight in a Japanese Inn and visit a sento (public
bathhouse).  This he said would give a better understanding of the
culture and would benefit me once I got to Korea.  This sounded
interesting to me, and I asked the Captain if he had any idea when I
would be going to my duty assignment, and he just smiled and said
probably sometime next week.  I asked him what I should take with me,
and he said just a change of underwear and my ditty bag

That evening I was picked up, Captain, Clay, Major Truax and Colonel
Ballard were already in the car, we were taken to the train station and
boarded the train for Nikko.  Upon arriving we were taken to the inn
where we would be staying.  When we arrived at the inn, we left our
shoes at the door, put on a pair of slippers, which you removed upon
arriving at your room.  The rooms are simple but elegant.  In one corner
is an alcove with flowers and a hanging painting, there is a lacquer
table in the room with cushions.  At night the table is moved and a
futon with quilts is placed on the tatami for sleeping.  There was an
ironed yukata (kimono style dressing gown) for use after bathing, when
eating or exploring your surroundings

Colonel Ballard and Major Truax had one room and Captain Clay and I had
another.
The Colonel suggested we go to the sento and so we changed into the
yukata's.  The paper screen dividing our rooms was open and no one had
any qualms about stripping down and putting on the yukata.  I could not
help but notice that the other three were quite muscular and seemed to
be very much in shape.  They appeared to range in age from the late
twenties to the early forties.  After changing and getting directions we
were off to the sento.  Upon arrival we went in the right as they are
segregated. An obasan took our entrance fee, sold us some soap and
rented us a towel.  We went into a room where we put our clothes in a
locker, locked with a wooden key which was kept on the wrist, then
entered the bathing room.  The bathing area had in the walls a series of
cold and hot faucets.  You sit at one of these on a low wooden stool,
and pour water over you with one of bowls scattered around the room, or
have your companion do the honors.

Soap is rubbed into the towel and you scrub yourself all over, usually
having a companion do your back, then the soap is rinsed off with the
bowls of water the towel cleaned and wrung as dry as you can get it.

Then you sit in the hot pool, this takes getting used to as I felt like
a boiled lobster when I first got in, but was assured that after a few
minutes it would feel good, and it did.

There were quite a few Japanese men at the sento and were going about
bathing and keeping up conversations, which not knowing the language was
quite meaningless to me, but it was interesting to see the various body
types of the bathers.

While soaking I began to learn a bit about my companions.  Colonel
Ballard was 38, had been in service since 1941 and had seen action in
both Europe and the Pacific, he was divorced with no children and the
Air force was his life.  He was about 6', weighed about 190 lbs, and had
blond hair, blue eyes and a most arresting face with a cleft chin.
Major Truax was 30, married, his wife was in the States, no children,
and he had been in the service since 1942, starting out as an enlisted
man then going to Officers Training.  He too had served in the Pacific
during the war.  He was a little shorter than the Colonel was, but
weighed about the same, giving him a stocky build; he had dark hair,
which also abundantly covered his body, green eyes, and a most engaging
smile.  Captain Clay was 28, he was a ROTC graduate who had gone regular
Air Force, single, about 5'10" and weighed around 170.

I was amazed at the information they had about me, but decided it must
have come from my personnel file. They were telling me the more I
learned of the culture in Japan while I was there the easier my new
assignment would be.  Apparently they knew something of it, but would
not tell me about it, just smiled and said "wait and see".

After cooking for a while we left the hot pool used our towel to dry
ourselves, put on our yakuta's and returned to the inn for dinner. After
dinner we relaxed enjoyed the garden, and then since it had been a long
day called the maid to make up the futons.  She made up the beds, closed
the sliding rice paper divider and we went to bed.  Sometime during the
night I awoke and thought I heard groans coming from the other room. I
shook Captain Clay awake and had him listen, he just smiled and said one
of the must be having a bad dream, and then the sounds turned and seemed
pleasurable, so I told Clay "I guess you are right".

Then next day we visited the shrine and caught the train back to Tokyo,
late that afternoon, I would have liked to stay one more night.
However; when I suggested it, Colonel Ballard said it might be too
risky, which I did not understand.

I was surprised on Monday morning to have Captain Clay tell me my flight
for Korea would be taking off about noon, and to get my stuff packed and
ready to go.   It did not take me long, and after an early lunch was on
my way to Korea.  Several hours later we landed at Taegu.  While I had
thought the smoky smell of Japan was interesting; the only word I can
use is overwhelming.  Korea may have a descriptive name, but to me it
will always be  "shitty smelling".  The Koreans used nightsoil (shit) to
fertilize their fields, men would come around with "honey buckets" to
gather it from the latrines and then take it to the farmers
.
If I thought there was a culture shock in seeing Japan, this was a real
shock, as we drove from the airport to the base we passed both men and
women who were either urinating or defecating alongside the road.  My
driver told me that as long as those things seemed not normal then "you
are still pissing stateside water".He said in time it would be natural,
as also seeing them swim nude.

We arrived at the base, I reported in, was shown to a place to bunk in
one half of a Quonset hut, given a lock to put on the door, shown where
the club it eat was and the latrine and shower building.  This was one
big building, which was partitioned into two halves, one half held
toilets, which were a long line of cutouts in the wooden seats, with no
partitions, the other half was the shower room with shower heads on both
walls in the open room.

I had been told the water was usually heated by four, so at four-thirty
I had my shower, changed clothes and went to the club for dinner.  Met
some interesting people, rolled for drinks, and surprisingly won, during
the evening only paid for one round of drinks, and know I had several,
drinks cheap and the scotch good.

The next morning I had an interview with Colonel Fellowes, who was head
of the Advisory Unit; he welcomed me, and said that he knew I would do a
good job in my assignments at the Detachment, which was some 12 miles
south of Chinju.  He expected someone from the detachment to fly up for
me in the next day or two, and if I wanted to see Taegu to be sure and
take a driver and be careful.  He said the Koreans were most adept at
being able to steal things.  I did get a driver and went into town, but
it still had a lot of destruction from the war, and I was not too
impressed, so that really was the end of my sight seeing.

Fortunately the next day a Captain Richard Brock flew up to take me to
the K site.  He was most personable and tried to point out the
interesting sights as we flew south.  The K site was located on the edge
of the strait between Korea and Japan, in fact were only about an
hours-flying time from the southern island of Kyushu.

We soon were on the ground and a jeep was waiting to take us up the
compound where the advisory group was stationed.  I checked in with
Master Sergeant Gordon, met with the adjutant 1st Lt. Joseph Padgett,
and shown into Lt. Colonel Roland Sheffield"s office.  He said he was
glad to have me on board, and that it looked like I was all he had been
told.  That threw me, as wondered what he had been told and why. Lt.
Padget had an airman show me to the BOQ to stow my luggage and to the
supply room to get the bedding.

The unit was small, twelve officers and about 50 airman.  There were
nine barrack type buildings, two were for the airmen's mess,
headquarters and the officers mess, one for supply, one which served as
both a chapel and theater (when there were movies), and one for officers
quarters, one split between a transient quarters and airmen housing,
then two for airmen housing and another split between a small base
exchange and airmen housing, later down the hill I found another
building housing a library and dark room.  There was a club building for
the airmen, (officers were honorary members) a shower room down the hill
from the club and at the far end of the housing and down a hill the
latrine, which was a four holer.  Scattered about were pissors where one
might urinate.

I was rather surprised when Lt. Padgett came over to introduce me to the
other officers in their quarters to find that except for a private room
for the Lt. Colonel, the building was one big open room, beds separated
only by homemade wardrobes to hang clothes in.  Padgett informed me that
as soon as 1st Lt. Chris Kaiser, left I would be moved from the
transient quarters to the officers quarters.  He gave me the hours of
mess, and said that there was usually hot water after four, but not to
wait too long to shower.  He left me to unpack and said he would come
and get me for dinner.

The meal was pretty good, we ate the same as the airmen, and the only
difference was we had a Korean to serve us, there really was not much of
a choice of menu, but the cooks did the best they could.  Later Padgett
took me over to the club to introduce me and let me feel my way around
the others, afraid I drank a bit more scotch than I should have, as had
a head ache the next morning.  However, did not seem to make a fool of
myself.

The next morning I met with Lt. Col. Sheffield and he gave me my
assigned duties. I ended up as the base supply officer, the air
installation officer, the indigenous labor officer, the base
intelligence officer and the liaison officer between the unit and
General Park Song the commander of the Korean Air Base.  He informed me
that 1st Lt. Kaiser had been performing the liaison duties and he would
clue me in on them.  Most of the duties were very light and were done
mainly by the sergeant in that specialty.  I made my office in the
supply building and had a very competent and intelligent and
companionable sergeant who really made my life much easier.
1st Lt. Kaiser wandered in to visit with me; he had been a pilot
training the Koreans to fly, but those duties were almost done, so he
had time on his hands and would be going home as soon as he got his
orders.  He suggested we get some sun and talk, so wandered over to the
south side of the buildings where we put down some blankets and I was
surprised when he stripped to sun bathe, but felt it would be wrong if I
did not follow suit. Chris was a couple of years older than I was, he
had been a college quarterback and it showed in his muscular body, what
surprised me was to see had no hair below his neck.  He was about 6" and
looked to weigh about 180, with no fat at all. He was a blond, blue eyed
guy from Minnesota, noticed his cock was about five inches long flaccid
and he had a couple of low hanging balls.  He was married and was going
back to teach at a university in a ROTC program.  Chris had been the
liaison with Gen. Park for the last eight months, and said part of the
duties was to help the general with the written English language, relay
information between our unit and his, and to perform other duties as he
may require.  He said that he had a meeting with the general at 1900
hours, and I should go with him so he could introduce me and I could
begin to learn what was needed.  We both were getting a little red, so
Chris said lets shower and dress, he picked up his clothes, folded the
blanket which he dropped off in the quarters and walked down to the
shower, I followed suit.  He informed it would be quick, as the water
was not yet heated, so we had quick coldish showers, dressed and went
our respective ways.

That evening he came to get me and we walked over and up the general's
office, our compound was in the middle of the Korean Air Base, and so we
could get anywhere in a short time, usually walking.  The Japanese
during their occupation of the Korea had built the base and most of the
buildings.  We walked in and were escorted upstairs to the general's
office.  General Park was about my height, a little heavier and had very
arresting features; he really almost boarded on handsome.  Chris
introduced me, and Gen. Park said he was glad to meet me and was sure I
would handle the duties well, and I was just what he expected.

Strange words which I would find out the meaning later.  The general and
Chris went over some information that needed to be exchanged, then I
helped him with a memo he was writing about needing certain types of
trainers for his flyers.  We chatted for a while and then Chris said "I
need to do some things with the general, why don't you go back and I'll
catch you at the club later".  With that I left and walked back to the
compound, and on to the club.  A little over an hour later Chris came in
and we went out on the porch to talk.  He informed me the general really
liked me and that we would be meeting with him on Saturday and probably
spend the whole day with him.
Saturday dawned hot and humid and Chris came over and said just wear
your fatigues and don't bother with a tee shirt.  About 0900 we began
our walk over to the generals and by the time we got sweat was making
stains on our fatigues.  The general's aide took us up to him and he
took one look at us and said why don't you change into yukatas, and he
had his aide bring two out, following Chris' lead I changed also,
wearing just the yukata, underwear and my sox.
We got most of the work done by the time lunch came.  The general had
ordered a nice meal delivered, with tea, and had some scotch for us to
drink afterward.  I enjoyed the tea and had several cups; it was
different from any I had ever drunk before, but nice tasting.  Soon felt
a little warm and noticed my cock was getting hard, but paid no real
attention to it.  The general poured us each a good shot of scotch and
we toasted each other, after which he filled the glasses again.

The general said, "I have something to show you" and pulled out a set of
photos and gave to me.  I looked at them in shock, they were pictures
taken of me nude at Parks and pictures of me nude in Japan.  He said
"this is how I knew you would serve my purpose".  General Park called
for two of his aides and they with the help of Chris removed my yukata,
shorts and sox, then the two held me while Chris stripped and went over
and carefully undressed the general.  I could not believe this was
happening, and the next thing I knew they had bent me over and I felt
hands spreading my ss, I heard the general say "Chris you know what to
do." And the next thing I knew there was a tongue licking and probing at
my asshole.  This only served to get my cock rock hard, and then the
general said do his nuts and cock and I felt Chris's mouth on my nuts
and cock and then he engulfed my cock in his mouth and began to give it
a massage like I never felt before.  I thought I would come but the
general stopped him, and said now you will return the favor.  Chris bent
over and spread his ass, I was told to lick, kiss and tongue it, I
balked and the next thing I knew someone had grasped my balls and began
squeezing as hard as possible.  I thought I would be sick, but heard
them say do it or we put on more pressure, I leaned forward, could smell
the sweat of Chris, and began to lick his crack, up and down and over
his hole, finally I kissed it at began to eat it as he had mine.  This
went on for some time and then I was forced to suck his cock and balls,
but with him I was forced to suck him until he came, and told to swallow
it.  As they still had their hands on by balls, I followed their orders,
as tears streamed down my face.
Park said maybe he is now ready, and he came to stand in front of me and
pushed his cock into my mouth, it had to be at least five inches soft,
and about eight hard, when it was hard he had Chris work on my ass
again, and then the general had Chris and his aides hold me while he
forced his cock into my ass.  It felt like a baseball bat going in, the
pain was terrific, but slowly bit by bit he forced his way into me until
I could feel the hair of his groin on my ass.  He began fucking me and
it seemed the pain lessened and a bit of pleasure took over, my cock was
hard and dripping and Chris was told to suck on it.  After what seemed
forever the general came and I exploded in Chris mouth.

I was in shock, I had never dreamed upon leaving college that I would
again be having sex with a man, and even worse I had no say in the
matter, it was decided for me and from the looks of things I had best go
along with it, my mind was in a whirl and my mouth and ass both were
sore from the punishment they had taken, this was the love that I had
experienced with my roommate and it was most disconcerting.

As I came back to reality I heard the words "shave him" and the next
thing I knew the aides were shaving all the hair from my body, so I was
just like Chris.  I looked at him still crying and he just said "sorry,
you will learn to like it".
.
The general had Chris and me put into a room with a bed, and said rest,
more is to come later, also he said the photos of our session should be
ready by then.  He turned locked the door and left us alone.


If you would like to read more of my adventures, please let me know.  Thanks