Marine Jake 18 (Chapter 1)

Chapter
18: Springtime in Berlin
We
had decided to spend a week in Berlin the first week of April, and Jake and
Sean had arranged a week's leave. In a way I was kind of sad to see winter end.
I had always loved winter best, but time marches forward and Jake and I were
ecstatic about this trip to Berlin. Sean had never been there; and honestly
wasn't as interested in the War in Europe as Jake and I were, but was still
excited about going on our first real vacation together. We had decided to take
the overnight train to Berlin, leaving as soon as they got off duty on Friday
night. We wanted as much time for this trip as possible. This was also the
first time Jake and I had been on the train together since the day we met
almost a year ago, and he seemed almost as psyched about that as about our
trip. I had told him we could fly up there and save the six-hour train trip and
he'd looked at me like I'd lost my mind.
"Mikey,
do you think we'll get the same compartment we had before?" He asked, grinning.
"Baby,
I don't even remember the compartment number; but yeah it would be cool."
"It's
14-C. I still have the ticket."
"You
still have the ticket? Damn, baby, I thought I was sentimental. Even so, there's
no way for us to know if it'll be the exact same train car that we came here
in. It would be great though."
"Yeah
it would. Do you think Sean is going to like Berlin; he doesn't seem as excited
about it as we are?"
"I
think he'll love Berlin, baby; he's just not as into learning about the war as
we are. He'll love the city though; there's always something to do in Berlin.
And I can't wait to go exploring the city with my two men on my arms."
Jake
smiled at me. "Yeah, we should turn a few heads. Do you have our tickets and
everything we'll need?"
"Yeah
baby, I have everything. I'm not going to stop being anal now just because
we're going on vacation. Are you all packed and ready; and how about Sean?"
"We're
ready, baby. I know it's still an hour before our train, but can we go ahead
and go to the station; I'm too excited to just sit around here?"
I
smiled at him. I understood his excitement; I was feeling it too. "Let's roll.
Where's our boy at?"
"He's
primpin' in the mirror again." I laughed and walked to our bedroom. I saw Sean
in the bathroom, looking in the mirror. I walked up to the doorway.
"Hey
sexy... You ain't ever gonna get it better than God made it, so quit worrying
about it."
He
grinned big and turned to me. "You make an excellent point, but I'm still gonna
try." He moved his head over to the door and kissed me.
"Jake
and I are ready to go; we're too excited to just sit here for another thirty
minutes. Are you ready to blaze?"
He
looked in the mirror one last time. "I guess I'm as ready as I'll ever be. How
long is this train ride?"
"About
six hours; give or take."
"And
it's a private compartment?"
"Semi-private,
but yeah, it should just be the three of us. Why?"
He
gave me a lewd grin. "I might have to do all this again by the time we get
there."
I
chuckled. "You just might. Now grab your bags and let's get outta here." He
reached over and grabbed my crotch and grinned at me. "Not the bags I was
talkin' about, but still a good choice." He let me go and kissed me again.
"Let's
roll."
We
got to the train station in about ten minutes. As we were walking up to the
front doors I had an image of that day almost a year ago that I'd been looking
at these doors, watching Jake come out of them. It was like it was yesterday,
but this time I was standing with him, his face bright with excitement and
smiling at me. I liked this memory much better. We got checked in with the
agent, our bags checked, and then spent the time wondering around the station
checking everything out. I think we'd covered every square foot of that place
when they finally called our train. Jake practically jumped up and started
running to the platform. We were definitely the first ones out to the train.
The porter checked our tickets and pointed the way to the compartment. I was
pretty sure we'd have the compartment to ourselves, there were only about
fifteen people getting on the train here. When we walked into the compartment
Jake came to a stop.
"Which
way is the train going to be heading?"
"North,
baby."
He
laughed. "Duh, that's not what I meant. Which way is facing forward?"
Sean
cupped him on the back of head. "What difference does it make; you gonna be
runnin' along side?"
"No,
dill weed, Mike has to sit facing forward; he get's car sick."
I
was touched that he'd remember but I also thought it was really cute he was so
concerned about it. "I'll take this seat over here, baby; no worries about me
pukin' on you."
Jake
was happy and just dumped his backpack on the floor, slid it under the seat and
plopped down in his spot. Sean was just looking at us wondering what the hell
we were doing.
"He's
not joking? You get car sick on trains?" Sean looked just a little worried.
"Don't
worry, baby, I'm not gonna throw-up on ya; but yeah I can't ride facing backwards,
it makes me really sick. I'm not good at riding in back seats either, except on
really short trips."
"Oh...I
didn't know that." He dropped his pack on the floor and slid it under the seat
I was sitting on, then sat down next to me and laid his head on my shoulder.
"You can throw up if you need to; it's pointed at Jake." He laughed at his own
humor, then Jake flipped him off and he laughed harder.
The
train was due to depart at 23:50 and arrive in Berlin at 0605, so we had all
night to watch the German countryside roll by. I was hoping we'd get a little
sleep; I wanted to start exploring as soon as we got there. At 23:46 the
trained lurched and we started rolling. Yep, I was facing the right direction.
About twenty minutes out I decided to recline my seat and just close my eyes,
hopefully I'd fall asleep. No sooner had I reclined than I felt a hand on my
crotch. I smiled and opened my eyes.
"Wow,
Jake, that porter has nice hands." He laughed and I looked over at Sean. He was
trying not to laugh and just looking at me like `yeah right'.
"Are
you trying to join the Mile High Club on the ground, sweetheart?" I asked him.
"Hell
yeah. I've heard about trains being really good for sex; the rockin' and the
motion..." He gave me a lewd grin.
"I've
heard the same thing, baby, but this isn't exactly private; people can see in
when they walk down the corridor."
"There's
no curtain?"
"Sorry,
baby, no. This isn't the Orient Express, it's a modern train; we get a glass
door."
"Well
fuck. I was lookin' forward to a little train action." He thought for a second,
while still massaging my crotch. My cock was rock hard. "Hey Jake..."
"No!
Don't even fuckin' think about it. I ain't gonna stand guard out in the fuckin'
hall." I laughed. Sean looked a little disappointed.
"I'm
sorry, baby. That is feelin' really good, but we can't do much in here. Tell
you what, next time we go on a trip we'll make it a longer train ride and we
can get a sleeping compartment; they're completely private."
He
smiled and then got a mischievous grin on his face. Next thing I knew he was
throwing a jacket over my crotch. He then reached in and undid my jeans and
pulled my cock out and started stroking it. Jake and I just smiled at him and
shook our heads.
"What?"
"Leave
it to you find a way to be a perv." Jake said, smiling.
"Hey,
just `cause you didn't think of it... Besides, there ain't much gonna keep me
from what I want."
He
reclined his seat and just kept stroking my dick with a calm smile on his face.
I don't know that I was going to get any sleep but this felt damn good.
"What're
ya gonna do when I cum, baby?"
"Give
me warning and I'll lean over and swallow it."
He
looked at me with a big grin. He'd won again. I winked at him and closed my eyes,
enjoying the excellent hand job I was getting. About ten minutes later I gave
him his warning.
"I'm
really, really close, baby..."
He
pushed the coat away with his jacking hand and leaned over and took my cock in
his mouth. That alone did it for me and I let loose in his mouth, moaning;
trying to be quiet about it. He was milking my cock with his mouth and tongue
and it was driving me crazy. I emptied my balls into his waiting throat and
leaned back in the seat, panting a little. He finally pulled off my cock,
looked at Jake, then at me with a huge grin on his face. He then just pulled
the jacket back over my crotch and leaned back in his seat. Jake was sitting
there shaking his head and smiling. I was enjoying my post-orgasm.
"Damn,
baby... Thank you; that was really nice... Felt good."
"You're
welcome; and thank you for my treat."
He
then leaned over and kissed me, sticking his tongue down my throat so I could
have a taste of his treat. Not bad, but I liked his and Jake's a lot more. He
pulled back from the kiss and just sat back and relaxed, with a sexy smile on
his lips. About ten minutes later I was sound asleep. It had been an early
morning and a long day; besides train motion and rocking weren't just good for
sex. I woke up once when the train had jerked pulling out of a station. I
looked at my watch; it was four in the morning. I now had Jake curled up
against me, also sound asleep. Sean was on the seat Jake had been in when I'd
fallen asleep, also sleeping. I put my arm around Jake, pulled him closer, and
went back to sleep. It was around 0520 when I woke up again. I think I'd been
snoring because my throat was dry as hell. I sat up a little, bringing Jake
with me, and looked around the room. I knew we'd brought some water with us but
I didn't know which backpack it was in.
Sean
was looking at me with a small smile on his lips. "Watcha lookin' for, baby;
maybe I can help you find it?"
"Water,
please. My throat is really dry."
He
chucked quietly. "I don't wonder; you've been over there snorin' away for the
last thirty minutes or so. Hold on a second; I'll get it for you."
He
reached under him to Jake's backpack and pulled out a bottle of water and
handed it to me. I drank almost half of it before I pulled off the bottle."
"Damn,
that was good; I needed that. I'm sorry I woke you up with my snoring; my bad."
We smiled at each other.
"You
didn't. I was awake when you started. I just started giggling when you started
snoring. Sorry, but it was really cute. Where do you think we are?"
"Germany."
I gave him an evil grin.
"Smart
ass. I meant where in Germany, oh wise one."
I
grinned. "We should be about forty miles outside of Berlin, at least by the
time. How long did you get to sleep before you woke up?"
"Probably
about four hours or so; I'm good. Once Jake told me we were trading seats I
went right to sleep. You two looked really cute together sleeping and snoring
away. He snores too. It was kinda like a symphony in here." He chuckled again.
"Gee
thanks, baby.  I'm glad you got a little sleep, though. I don't think I
want breakfast on the train but I'd sure love some coffee. You wanna keep Jake
company while I go find some?"
"Stay
there, baby; I'll go get us some coffee. Which way should I go to find it? I
did find the head when I first woke up, but I didn't see any coffee machine in
it."
"I'm
trying to remember which car we're in... OK, head that way about two cars down."
I said, pointing with my finger. He jumped up and headed out. I sat back and
pulled Jake closer to me and looked out the window. He woke up and looked up at
me.
"Good
morning, Mikey. How'd you sleep?"
"Not
too bad. It was nice waking up and finding you snuggled up with me. How'd you
sleep, baby?"
"Good.
I told Sean to move; I wanted to snuggle. You looked so cute sitting over here
sleeping."
"So
I've been told. We apparently snore good together as well; symphony quality he
said." We both laughed.
Sean
was back with three cups of coffee in a few minutes. We all sat drinking our
coffee and looking out of the window, watching Berlin come into view. The train
arrived right on schedule and we were ready to get off before it even stopped.
Once
we had our bags, we headed out of Berlin Central Station and got a taxi to the
hotel I'd made reservations at. They said it was too early to check-in but let
us stow our bags with them. We went out to find some breakfast. We found a
small, family restaurant about five blocks from the hotel and decided it looked
like a good choice for breakfast. We had an excellent breakfast, talking about
the train ride and what we'd do first. I asked them if they just wanted to
start by cruising the
Potsdamer Platz
and go window shopping. After I
told them it was probably the busiest street/area in Europe they agreed. We
finished breakfast and started walking, finding our way in short order. They
were both amazed at the size, the people and the buildings, hotels, restaurants
and stores in front of us. We spent the whole morning just exploring. I badly
wanted a picture of all of us in front of Brandenburg Gate, and we found a guy
that was happy to do it. Jake showed him how to use the camera and we stood and
posed; me in the middle with my arms around their waist. The guy taking the
picture probably thought we were father and sons, but I didn't care what he
thought.
We
got back to the hotel a little after noon. I wanted to see if they'd let us
check-in so we could get cleaned up a little before lunch. The desk clerk told
us our room wasn't ready yet, but they did have a larger suite that was
available. I decided what the hell and told him to give us the suite. We
retrieved our bags, waiving off the bell-hop and headed up to the twelfth floor
to check out our room. Jake was the first one in the door.
"Holy
crap! This is like a fuckin' house; makes the room we had in Sindelfingen look
like a Motel 6."
Sean
was right behind him. "Fuck... You ain't jokin', dude. So Mike, how much did this
one set you back?"
I
walked in and closed the door behind me. "Don't go there. It doesn't matter;
it's for our vacation and we're not gonna price everything like we're walkin'
through a flea market. I call dibs on the head first." I dropped my luggage
down in the living room and went in search of the bathroom.
When
I got out of the bathroom I went searching for Jake and Sean; finding them
standing out on the balcony, looking towards the
Fernsehturm
(T.V.
tower).
Sean
reached over and grabbed my waist, pulling me next to him. "Are we able to go
up in that thing?"
I
nodded. "Yeah, baby; and the view of the city is amazing. It's the T.V. tower
for the whole city; probably for several surrounding towns as well." I looked
over at Jake. "What do you guys want to do now? We could go get some lunch, or
we could take a quick shower so we wake up a little then go eat."
Sean
looked over at me with a grin. "I wanna fuck out here on the balcony. Take your
clothes off."
"Sorry,
horn dog, I'm not into giving free shows for the entire city. You gotta plan
b?"
"Yeah,
we go fuck in the shower." He reached behind me and grabbed my ass.
Jake
was just shaking his head. "Are you always this much of a perv or did you take
some Viagra last night?"
Sean
laughed. "I'm always a perv. I don't need no stinkin' drugs to get my dick
hard. Huh, baby?" He asked me while squeezing my ass hard.
"Jake,
I don't think either one of us would survive if he took some Viagra. Easy on
the merchandise, boy; don't bruise the melons." They both laughed.
Jake
walked over to us and grabbed my other ass cheek. "Let's go check out that
shower; we're never gonna get anything done if we don't give horn dog over
there some release."
He
kissed me and then turned around and walked back into the room. Sean and I
grinned and turned to follow Jake. Sean was out of his clothes before we even
hit the bedroom. I was thinking about the two of them; it was like having the
perfect man made up of two guys. Jake was the sensitive, cuddly, sweet,
passionate one and Sean was the insatiable, erotic, care-free, constantly horny
one. When we got in the bathroom Sean walked up behind me and started pulling
my shirt out of my jeans, pressing up against me while doing so, and damn if he
wasn't already rock hard.
"You're
not horny, are ya?" I asked him, grinning over at Jake.
"Always
baby, always. Get those fuckin' clothes off." He looked over at Jake. "Damn,
boy, you still dressed?" Sean let go of me and walked over to Jake. "Lift your
arms up; you're takin' too damn long."
He
grabbed Jake's shirt and yanked it up over his head, threw it behind him then
grabbed his waist and started undoing his jeans. It took him all of five
seconds to have the zipper pulled down and the jeans down to Jake's ankles. He
stood back up, grabbed the back of Jake's head and pulled him into a hard,
sloppy kiss. While he was kissing him, he grabbed Jake's underwear and pulled
them down below his thighs. Jake was hard in no time and they both grabbed each
other's cocks and started stroking. I just stood there watching; this was
getting hot. They never really did a whole lot with each other unless I was in
the middle. It was nice to stand back and watch them go at it.
Sean
broke the kiss then dropped to his knees and took Jake's cock into his mouth,
while at the same time trying to pull his shoes off so he could get Jake's
jeans and underwear off. I finished stripping then walked over to the shower
and turned it on, adjusting the water temperature. I turned back around to
watch more of the show taking place on the floor. Sean had Jake's clothes off
and was still sucking his cock; with Jake's hands on his head, running his
fingers through Sean's hair. Sean stayed on the floor sucking Jake for about
two minutes then pulled off and looked up at him.
"Goddamn,
boy, you taste good." Sean then stood up and pulled Jake into another hot kiss.
He pulled back then slapped Jake's ass. "Get in the shower, boy; we're not
done. I need you all cleaned up." He then looked over at me. "You enjoyin' the
show?"
"Oh
fuck yeah!" I grinned over at both of them, tugging on my dick.
Sean
looked at me and leered. "Good, `cause it's gonna get a lot better. You already
busted on the train so it's our turn."
"Hell
yeah; go for it."
We
all jumped in the shower and Sean grabbed the soap and a wash cloth and started
washing Jake. I just stood back and watched. I wasn't planning on interfering
at all; I've waited a year to see this particular show.
Sean
had the cloth all soaped up and was washing Jake from head to toe, taking extra
care on his ass and crotch. He finished with the cloth and handed it to me then
stood next to Jake and slipped his index finger into Jake's ass while stroking
his cock and licking his ear. I watched and kind of gave myself a once over
with the used, soapy wash cloth. They were both moaning and panting while Sean
finger fucked Jake's ass. After a couple of minutes he pulled his finger out
and shoved Jake under the water to rinse him off; while running his hands up
and down Jake's body to make sure he got all of the soap. While they were
rinsing off I walked up behind Sean and gave him a quick soaping up then stood
back while he rinsed himself off. When they were rinsed off I jumped under the
spray to rinse myself off. While I was rinsing they both got out of the shower
and were drying off. I turned the water off and got out, Jake handing me a dry
towel.
"Thank
you, baby." I smiled at Jake.
"You're
welcome. You gonna join in soon?"
"Nope,
I just want to watch; I've been waiting a year to see this movie."
They
both looked at me and grinned. I finished drying off and hung the towel back up
to dry. We all headed into the master bedroom and I walked over and pulled the
covers off the bed then went and sat down in the chair that was about ten feet
from the bed. I figured I'd have a great view of the action from here. I was
just kicked back with my legs spread and tugging on my cock. They both looked
over at me and smiled.
Sean
took Jake's hand and led him over to the side of the bed. He turned him around
so Jake's legs were against the side of the bed, and then pulled him into
another hot, sweaty kiss, while grabbing his ass and pulling him up and into
him. They made out for a couple of minutes, licking each other's mouths and
playing tonsil hockey. Sean broke the kiss and then started running his tongue
down Jake's neck, then down to his chest. He ran his tongue over and clamped
down onto Jake's right nipple, biting and sucking on it. Jake moaned out and
grabbed his head, pulling Sean hard into his chest. After a few moments he drug
Sean's head over to his left nipple and held him tight against it, moaning
again. After another minute or so Sean started lowering himself, while running
his tongue back to the middle, and dragging his tongue down Jake's treasure
trail. Jake let go of Sean's head and just leaned his own head back and enjoyed
the tongue bath. Sean ran his tongue around Jake's belly button several times
when he reached it, then kept heading south. He reached up with his right hand,
grabbed Jake's cock and then shoved it in his mouth and started sucking on it.
Jake let a loud moan escape his mouth while still leaning his head back. He
then reached over and grabbed Sean's head in his hands and followed with his
movements. Sean set a nice, smooth rhythm on Jake's cock and lowered his right
hand to Jake's balls and starting massaging them. Jake moaned again and tried
to grab what little hair Sean had on his head. I was sitting in the chair
thinking I should be taping this. I decided what the hell, and got up and went
to get the video camera out of my bag.
When
I got back with the video camera and the bag, Jake was sitting on the bed, his
legs spread, and Sean's mouth still wrapped around his cock, sucking up and
down and massaging Jake's balls. I started filming, standing to their left to
get the best view. Sean looked over at me, kind of surprised to see that he was
staring in a porno film. He pulled off Jake's cock.
"You
gonna sell the movie when we're done?"
"Oh
hell no, this is just for me. This is like the hottest thing I've ever seen in
my life; I didn't want to miss the chance to tape it. Get back to work." He
grinned at me and stuck Jake's dick back in his mouth.
Sean
continued sucking on Jake's cock for a few more minutes, then reached up with
his left hand and pushed Jake back down onto the bed so he was lying flat. He
then started sucking on his balls, one at a time, then tugging down hard on
them, alternating back and forth for a few minutes. When he was done he ran his
tongue up the length of Jake's cock, then while slowly standing, continued
running his tongue all the way up Jake's treasure trail, up his stomach and
chest, and back to his mouth. Sean was lying over Jake, holding himself up with
his arms and reached down and started kissing him, but just passionately, not
tonsil hockey this time. I moaned, watching them make out. Jake reached his
hands up to the side of Sean's face and just held him while they kissed. I was
zooming in; trying to get the best shot I could of this incredibly hot scene.
After about a minute or so, Sean broke the kiss and ran his tongue back down
Jake's body, while sitting back down on his haunches. When he was back to
Jake's dick, he licked the length of it up and down three times, then grabbed
Jake's ankles in his hands and lifted them up and pushed his legs back. Jake
grabbed under his own knees and pulled his legs back for Sean. I knew this was
about to get really hot, so I dropped to my knees so I was at eye level with
the action. I guess they were both just really into the zone because neither
one of them paid any attention to me or the camera.
Sean
took his right index finger and started playing with Jake's hole, just running
his finger around in circles a few times, then he would press in, then back to
circles. When he'd done this a couple of times, he moved his head down, and
replacing his finger with his tongue, began licking around Jake's hole. Jake
and I both moaned. Sean smiled and then went back to licking the incredible ass
that was laid out before him. He ran his tongue all around Jake's quivering
hole, and then he'd hold his tongue out and run it from as far down as he could
reach, up to Jake's balls, then repeat again and again. He did this for about
two or three minutes, then he stopped at the pulsing hole and just clamped his
mouth over it and started tongue fucking it; trying to slam his tongue in as
far as it would go. Jake moaned really loudly and I moaned right along with
him. The master pussy eater was at work on one the two sweetest asses ever
created by God and I wasn't going to miss a moment.
Sean
was really in his zone now and was just eating Jake's ass out for everything he
was worth. He would stick his tongue in and fuck him with it a few moments then
he'd just start licking all around Jake's ass, then back to tongue fucking him.
Jake and I were panting and moaning; Jake just louder than me. Sean kept this
up for about fifteen minutes, just going to town on Jake's hot little ass. When
he finally pulled his head out, Jake's ass was soaking wet and Sean's face was
almost as wet. Sean looked over at me and grinned.
"Fuckin'
tasty as hell. Lube?"
I
jumped up and grabbed the lube out of my bag and brought it back to Sean. He
put a glob on his index finger and set the tube on the floor next to his left knee.
He leaned his face back in and took a few more tongue swipes of Jake's exposed
ass then pulled back and stuck his greasy, left index finger up to the waiting
hole. He ran his finger around the edge a couple of times then stuck his finger
in all the way. Jake moaned and whimpered. Sean left his finger buried to the
hilt for a few seconds then slowly pulled back out to the first knuckle. He
wiggled his finger a couple of times then slid it right back in. He did this
five times, then he buried his finger back in and started wiggling it around
and then turning it back and forth a few times while sliding in and out. On the
fifth time he added his middle finger and just shoved both fingers in to the
hilt. Jake moaned loudly and whimpered again.
"Oh
fuck, Sean, finger my hole. That feels sooooo good."
Sean
ran his two fingers in and out of Jake's ass for about a minute then pulled out
and grabbed the lube. He squirted some more onto Jake's hole, and adding a
third finger, began sliding them back into Jake's hungry ass. He had a little
trouble getting all three fingers in, but finally managed and just started
twisting and finger fucking Jake's sweet ass. I knew he was getting him ready
and I just sat on my haunches, watching, moaning and filming every second of it
from about three feet away. Sean worked his fingers in and around Jake's hole
for about two or three minutes then pulled them out. I pulled a t-shirt out of
my bag and handed it to Sean. He smiled at me and wiped his fingers off. He
dropped the shirt, grabbed the tube of lube and just held it against Jake's
open hole and squirted a glob of it out. He then held the tube over his hard
cock and squirted another glob out onto the head. He dropped the tube on the
floor and grabbed his cock with this right hand and rubbed the lube around his
entire cock. He grabbed the shirt again and wiped his hand off, then stood up
looking at Jake lying on the bed.
"You
ready to take this like a man, Marine?"
"Oh
fuck yeah, give me that big fuckin' cock. I wanna feel you inside me."
Sean
grabbed his cock and aimed it at Jake's waiting hole. He lined up and rested
the head right at Jake's opening, and then started moving his cock around in
circles, spreading the lube around. After about five circles he stopped, lined
up with Jake's hole again. He applied a little pressure and the head slipped
in. Jake and I both moaned. Sean pulled back out again, waited about five
seconds then lined up again. He was teasing poor Jake. He slipped his head in
again and held it for a few seconds. He did this five or six times before Jake
couldn't stand it any longer.
"Stop
fucking around and slide that fucker in my ass, fuck stick!"
I
laughed at the context of fuck stick. Sean looked at me and gave me an evil
grin. He turned back to Jake and just leaned his hips forward, sliding his
whole cock into Jake's ass in one slow thrust. Jake screamed out.
"FUCK!!
Goddamn, boy, that's not nice! It's like having a pole shoved up your ass!"
"Hey,
you said to slide it in, so I did; quit your bitchin'."
With
that he pulled his cock back out to the head and let it rest there a moment,
flexing it, then slid right back in, going balls-deep. Jake let out another
loud moan.
"Goddman
you! Let it sit there a minute so my ass can adjust."
"OK...
I'm sorry, that was mean; I won't do it again. Tell me when you're ready and
I'll take it easy on you." Jake just nodded his head. After about a minute he
looked up at Sean.
"OK,
but take it easy for a minute, will ya?"
Sean
looked down at him and smiled. "Thought you said you were gonna take it like a
Marine?"
"Fuck
you! You try having that big fucker shoved in your ass and see if you take it
like a man. Just take it easy for a few then you can make yourself happy, OK?"
"I'm
sorry, baby; I'm just fuckin' you, er, fucking with you. I'll be nice from now
on."
"Yeah,
whatever... Just start slow, OK?"
Sean
smiled down at Jake then pulled his cock back to the head, then immediately
pushed back in, only this time going really slowly. When he bottomed out, he
looked at Jake. "Better?"
"Yeah...
Do it again; felt kinda good."
Sean
pulled back out to the head once again, and then slid right back in, still
taking it easy on Jake's poor ass. He set a rhythm of this for about five
minutes, just slowing fucking himself in and out of Jake's ass. I stood up and
walked to the other side of bed, by Jake's head, and started filming from
there. Sean looked up at me and gave me a cheesy grin, then started fucking
Jake a little harder, while reaching down to put his hands on the back of
Jake's thighs. Jake started moaning and whimpering, while reaching behind him
and grabbing my cock to stroke. Sean was fucking Jake's ass like a well oiled
machine, just pumping in and out, bottoming out every time, but not really
slamming into him. After about five minutes of this, he let go of Jake's thigh
with his left hand and brought it back kind of hard on Jake's ass, slapping
him. Jake yelped and Sean looked at me and grinned. He gave Jake's ass another
good slap then grabbed his ankles and pulled his legs wider apart. I leaned
forward to get a better view with the camera and Jake reached his head up and
took a swipe of my balls with his tongue. I shivered but kept filming the
action at his ass. About five minutes later Sean pulled out of Jake and looked
up at both of us.
"You're
gonna have to move, baby. Jakey, slide up on the bed; I need more leverage."
I
stood up and backed away from the bed, still holding the camera pointed at
them. Jake lowered his legs and then turned and slid up to the head of the bed,
resting his head on a pillow. He brought his legs back up and grabbed behind
his knees again, sticking his ass back up, waiting for Sean to plow back into
him. Sean got up on the bed and got up right on Jake's ass, resting on his
knees and just slipped his cock right back in. He grabbed Jake's ankles and
just started thrusting in and out of Jake's ass while sitting on his knees. I
stood at the side of the bed, pointing the camera down at the action taking
place before me. After about five more minutes of fucking in this position,
Sean leaned forward while moving his legs out behind him and was leaning over
Jake while his cock was impaled in Jake's ass. He started fucking Jake hard and
fast, the bed bouncing and Jake moaning and whimpering.
"Oh
God... Oh God, Sean... Fuck yeah, fuck my ass. Oh God, that feels so good; fuck my
ass!"
Like
me, Sean never had to be told twice to fuck, he just started slamming into
Jake's abused hole, pulling out to the head of his cock and then slamming right
back in again. Poor Jake was practically folded in half, Sean's cock buried in
his ass, being slammed into the headboard over and over. I was walking around
the bed trying to film from different angles; my favorite being from behind,
watching Sean's incredible ass flexing and his big cock slamming in and out of
Jake's ass. Sean continued fucking Jake in this position for about eight to ten
minutes, then he got back on his knees, pulling Jake back down with him; never
pulling his cock out. He buried his cock balls-deep in Jake's ass and just held
it there for a few moments. I was wondering if he was shooting his load, but I
hadn't heard the usual cussing and groaning that usually accompanied one of
Sean's orgasms. Sean had actually been really quiet during this whole thing,
which was unusual in itself; the only sound being heavy breathing and grunting.
Sean
pulled his cock out, waited about three seconds then shoved it back in again.
Jake groaned and yelped.
"Oh
fuck! Do that again! It's fuckin' awesome!"
Sean
pulled out all the way and did it again about six more times, Jake grunting and
saying `fuck' each time. Sean then set up a nice, smooth rhythm going back to
just fucking Jake's ass, smoothly, but still bottoming out with each down
stroke. After a couple of minutes he leaned over Jake while fucking him and
started making out with him. While they were making out and fucking I took the
opportunity to bend down and grab the lube and squirted some onto Sean's hole.
He squealed a little but kept fucking and kissing Jake. I dropped the tube and used
my left index finger to lube up Sean's hole; while still holding the camera
with my right hand. I finger fucked Sean's ass for a couple of minutes while
they continued to fuck; Sean pressing his ass against my hand with every up
stroke. I pulled my finger out when Sean pulled off Jake's mouth and I went and
stood on the side of the bed to film some more action. Sean had Jake's legs in
his hands; holding them up in the air while he continued to fuck him. Sean had
set up a nice smooth rhythm again, just fucking Jake's ass, while looking down
at him through his spread legs. I thought of reaching in and giving Jake a hand
with his dripping cock, but decided he shouldn't cum yet, he needed to get
payback on Sean for the hard fucking he was enduring.
I
could tell by the look on Sean's face that he was getting close, and he just
kept fucking, never changing the pace or the rhythm. He lasted about five more
minutes, and then started just slamming into Jake's ass, making them both yelp
and grunt.
"Oh
fuck!! I'm gonna fuckin' cum, Jakey!! Here it comes, baby! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Arrrrggghhhh!!!" With that, he slammed balls-deep into Jake's abused hole and
just opened up the gates. I watched his body convulse and tense as his orgasm
took hold of him. He was panting and moaning loudly. "Take my fucking load,
boy!! Arrrrggggghhhh! FUCK!!!"
I
was down on my knees filming, moving the camera back and forth between their
faces and where their bodies were joined. It was better than any porn flick I'd
ever watched. I wanted to grab my cock and start jacking off but I wanted to
wait and see what else happened.
Sean's
orgasm finally subsided and he just stayed there, balls-deep in Jake and
started coming off his high. Jake was just looking up at him with a kind of
wonder on his face and then a slight grin formed on his lips. Sean was standing
straight up on his knees, his sexy body covered in sweat, looking down at Jake,
panting. After a few moments, he grinned and then pulled his dripping cock out.
He leaned down and gave Jake a sweet, warm kiss then pulled back up. He looked
over at me and grinned at the camera. He then sat back on his haunches and
looked at his surroundings for a few seconds. When he turned and looked back to
Jake, Jake looked up, grinned really big then pulled his right leg up and swung
it over Sean's head. He rolled off the bed right in front of me, leaned down,
kissed me, and then turned around to Sean. He pulled his left hand back and
slapped Sean's ass kind of hard.
"Get
on your fucking hands and knees; now, boy!" Sean laughed. "What? You think I'm
joking? Get on your fucking hands and knees. Better yet, get on your arms and
knees and stick that ass out. It's my turn, motherfucker." Sean turned and
looked at me. I just shrugged my shoulders.
"What?
You afraid you can't get as good as you give? I believe the man told you to
assume the position." I grinned back at him. Jake looked at me and gave me a
huge smile.
"What
the fuck? You think I'm gonna let you fuck me?"
"Yep."
I
looked at Sean. "It's only fair, baby, you just fucked him like a dog; I think
he deserves a shot at that fine ass of yours. Besides, you think I was just
finger fucking you for the fun of it? You're ready to go. Get on your arms and
knees. And don't forget to arch your back."
Sean
just turned his head back and forth looking at both of us. "Oh fuck... You're
gonna take your revenge out on my ass, aren't ya?"
Jake
just smiled at him. "Assume the position."
Sean
rolled his eyes and then got down on his arms and knees, sticking his ass up in
the air and moving it side to side. Jake reached up and slapped it hard.
"Oooowwwww!
Motherfucker; I didn't say nothin' `bout slappin' my ass! Just get up here and
let's get this over with."
"Ahhhhhh.
The big, tough Marine worried he's gonna get hurt by little ole me?"
"Just
shut the fuck up and stick that pencil dick in. You ain't big `nuff to hurt
me."
Jake
turned and grinned at me. He then reached down and grabbed the lube and
slathered his cock up really good with it. He climbed up onto the bed and stood
behind Sean. He grabbed the tube and lined it up with Sean's hole, squeezing
really hard on the tube, dumping a huge load of lube on Sean's asshole. Jake
then tossed the tube behind him over his shoulders and reached up with two
fingers, scooped up a big glob of lube and shoved his fingers into Sean's ass.
"FUCK,
DUDE!! Take it easy; almost virgin ass here; damn!"
Jake
laughed and looked over at me. "Virgin ass? How many times have you fucked him,
Mikey?"
"I
don't keep count, but I'd guess about fifteen or twenty." I smiled at Jake.
Jake
slapped Sean's ass again. "That's for fuckin' lyin' to me."
"You
slap my fuckin' ass again and I'll rip your little dick off and shove it down
your throat. Get on with this." Sean looked over at me and grinned and winked.
Jake
pulled his fingers out of Sean, and then, while on his left knee and his right
forward, foot flat on the bed, lined his cock up with Sean's hole and just
pushed all the way in, grunting out when he hit bottom.
"FUCK!!!
Give me some fuckin' warning next time!"
"Like
you did to me? What? You can't handle my `little dick'? Thought you said I
wasn't big enough to hurt ya?"
"Fuck
you! Just start fuckin'."
Jake
laughed then pulled his cock out of Sean's ass. He then grabbed it with his
right hand and slapped it on Sean's hole a couple of times. Sean groaned. Jake
lined up again and slid his cock back in balls-deep. Not really fast, but
steady and strong.
"Fuck...
You enjoyin' yourself, motherfucker?"
"Yep.
Now shut up and take it like a man."
Jake
pulled his cock out to the head then slid right back in again. They both
grunted when Jake hit bottom. Jake repeated this five more times and then
bottomed out and stayed there, flexing his cock inside Sean's ass. Sean
groaned. I walked over behind them to catch the action from the rear; this
could be kind of fun to watch. Jake pulled his cock all the way out again then
just thrust right back in. Sean grunted and groaned. `Fuck, dude...' Jake pulled
back out to the head; made his cock jump a couple of times then slid it back
home. He did this six or seven times then let go of his dick and grabbed Sean's
hips. He started thrusting into Sean, burying himself every time, over and over
again for about three or four minutes. I leaned forward on the bed and stuck the
camera up under Jake's ass to get a bird's eye view of the action. I could see
it through the viewfinder and it was fucking hot as hell watching Jake's cock
slide in and out of Sean's ass, his balls slapping into Sean's. Jake fucked him
like this for another two or three minutes then pulled out. I pulled the camera
away and walked to the side of the bed to resume filming. Jake was slapping his
cock on Sean's ass cheek when I resumed filming. He looked over at me and
grinned really big. I knew what was coming before Sean did. Jake pulled his
right hand back and slapped Sean's ass again.
"Motherfucker!
What'd I tell you `bout slappin' my ass?"
"Quit
yer bitchin'! I was just keepin' it warmed up." He slapped his ass again and
then rubbed around the spot he'd slapped. Sean just shook his head. "OK, since
you don't like me slappin' your ass, then roll over on to your back. I can't
slap your ass from that position as easily. It is kinda hard to resist though.
Mike's right; you have a fine ass, boy!"
"'bout
fuckin' time you noticed. Nah, this position is fine; I don't want you smashin'
my fuckin' balls while fuckin' me on my back. Get back to work, pencil dick."
After
hearing that, Jake lined up with Sean's hole and just slammed home. Sean
grunted really loud but didn't say anything or complain. I don't think Jake
knew, but I did, that Sean loved to be fucked hard. He also really loved having
his ass slapped but would never ask Jake to do it; he had to figure it out on
his own. Jake pulled his cock all the way back out then slammed home again,
this time staying buried deep inside Sean's ass. He made his cock jump several
times while he was in there then pulled back out and did it all again. I was
glad I was getting all of this on video; it would be the hottest porn flick I'd
ever watched.
After
playing around a few minutes Jake got down to business and started really going
to town on Sean's ass. He was using his usual steady, smooth rhythm, but adding
a few twists and turns while he was at it. Jake kept fucking Sean's ass like
this for about eight or ten minutes. Sean was moaning like a cheap whore and
panting like a dog. I knew he loved it as much as Jake was. Jake finally
stopped, pulled his cock out of Sean's overheated ass then looked over at me
and grinned. He then pulled his left leg forward so he was on both feet,
straddling Sean's ass. He grabbed his cock and pushed it down a little, lining
it back up with Sean's eager hole. He swirled the head of his cock around a few
times then sunk it back home. Sean and I both moaned. Jake fucked him like this
for a few minutes, slapping his ass every other time when he'd pull up. Sean
was just moaning and whimpering. I think Jake caught on to it when Sean let an
`oh fuck yeah' slip out when Jake slapped his ass one time. Jake continued
fucking Sean in this position for another five minutes or so then just pulled
out and stood straight up on the bed, looking down at Sean.
"Lance
Corporal! Get on your fucking back, Marine!! Do it now!!" I heard Sean giggle
once, and apparently Jake did too. He reached down and slapped Sean's ass kind
of hard. "I said do it now, motherfucker!" Sean reached behind him and rubbed
his ass a couple of times then rolled over on to his back and looked up at Jake
with an evil grin.
"Pull
your goddamn legs up to your chest, Marine!" Jake then snapped his fingers a
couple of times. "Let's go!"
Sean
smirked then pulled his legs up, grabbing under his knees and thrusting his ass
up at Jake. Jake looked down at him and smiled, then lowered himself down on his
knees, lining himself up with Sean's ass. When he got in a comfortable
position, he lined his cock back up with Sean's hole and just sunk it home.
Sean and I both grunted and groaned. Jake pulled back out to the head and then
sunk back in him again, bottoming out and making them both grunt. Jake stayed
buried in Sean for a few moments then started fucking him with regular,
powerful strokes, going balls-deep on every down thrust. I was standing at the
head of the bed, next to Sean's head and filming while jacking my own cock.
Watching Jake's powerful hips thrusting into Sean's hot ass was a sight I'd
never thought I'd get to see; it was fucking amazing to watch. Jake was just
steadily fucking Sean's ass, using every inch available to him and making Sean
and I both moan at the same time. Sean reached up with his right hand and
grabbed the side of Jake's ass and tried to pull him in deeper on each thrust.
"Oh
fuck yeah... Fuck my hungry ass, dude! I can feel your cock sliding along my ass;
it feels fuckin' awesome... Oh hell yeah, baby, fuck me..."
Jake
never broke stride or concentration; he just kept fucking Sean in that steady,
powerful rhythm of his. It was an incredible sight to behold; my two hot
Marines, naked and fucking, both of them so into it. I was getting closer to
busting with every one of Jake's thrusts. Jake continued fucking Sean for
another ten minutes before he announced that he was ready to unload. I was
there first though, and just started jacking my cock over Sean's head, aiming
it at Jake's chest and I cut lose.
"Oh
fuck me!! Here it is, baby!! Arrrggghhh...! "I started shooting all over Jake's
chest, and then I held my dick straight up so the load would come straight down
onto Sean's chest and stomach.
"Oh
fuck yeah!! Go baby! Cum all over me; fuckin' A, dude!!"
Sean
was saying this while looking up under my balls and watching me unload on him
and Jake. At the same time Jake started unloading into Sean's ass.
"Oh
fuck... oh fuck... I'm fuckin' cummin'!! Oh God, oh fuck yeah..."
Jake
shot the first two volleys into Sean's ass before he pulled out and jacked his
next four onto Sean's chest and stomach, matching them up with mine. We were
all panting and moaning, and Sean just had a huge grin on his face watching
Jake and I bust all over him. I was trying to catch this whole thing with the
camera but was having a difficult time keeping it steady. Jake and I finally
finished our orgasms and were both panting and looking at each other, smiling.
Sean was below us, just caught up in the whole cum bath and grinning like an
idiot.
Sean
spoke first. "That was fucking hot as fuck, guys. Do it again!" Then he
laughed.
I
looked down at Sean and just rolled my eyes. "Yeah right, baby, you do it
again; I'm outta fluid."
He
laughed again. While I was looking at Sean I looked a little further down and
noticed he was rock hard again, as usual. I had an idea. I handed the camera to
Jake.
"Here
baby, take this and start filming." I reached down and scooped up some of our
jizz and then wrapped my hand around Sean's cock and started stroking it. He
moaned.
"Oh
hell yeah, baby. Jack my fuckin' big cock; I can add to my treat."
I
grinned down at him and just kept jacking his cock. I would've started sucking on
it but I remembered it had been buried in Jake's ass and I didn't feel like
that particular taste at the moment. I just kept jacking Sean's cock for all I
was worth, twisting and pulling while I was stroking him off. It only took him
about three minutes to produce another nice load. No wonder he was horny all of
the time; he had a factory in his balls producing baby batter. He gave me a
warning and I just started using my thumb and index finger on the head of his
cock, waiting for him to blow.
"Oh
fuck yeah; I love it when you do that. Get ready, baby, here it comes! Fuck
yeah!"
He
started shooting, the first volley landing right under his chin, followed
closely by the second one landing on his chest. I just kept massaging the head
of his cock with my fingers and another load shot out and landed on his
sternum, laying a bead down to his belly button. The next one came out and
landed right in his belly button, leaving a small bead on his blond, fuzzy
treasure trail. The last one shot out and joined the other on his treasure
trail. I then fisted his cock a couple of times to milk out all he had to give.
He moaned really loudly and then belched-out one last glob that ran down the
side of his cock, over my fingers, stopping in his pubes. I let go of his cock
and looked down at him. He grinned up at me. I then looked over at Jake and
found myself staring into the lens of a camera; Jake grinning from ear to ear
behind it. I smiled at Jake.
"And...
Cut!" They both laughed.
Sean
jumped in. "No! Not yet. Keep filmin', Jakey."
He
used his right hand, and starting at his balls, put his fingers in the cum and
started moving it around his body; rubbing the cum into his skin. He ran his
right hand all over his stomach and chest, rubbing and spreading the cum all
around, and switching from looking at us and the camera to watching what he was
doing. He skin was glowing from the jizz he was spreading around himself, and
his right hand was milky white from the cum on it. He was having a really good
time doing this, making sure he got his nipples all wet and sticky, then back
down to his pubes, then all over his stomach. When he finally had all the cum
rubbed into his skin he looked at the camera and gave a sexy smile to it. He
looked up at Jake.
"Give
the camera back to Mike, please." Jake handed the camera to me. "Now come here,
sexy boy."
I
jumped off the bed and kneeled down on the floor next to Sean's head. Jake lay
down on top of Sean and they started kissing slowly and passionately. Sean wrapped
his arms around Jake's back and held him close while they continued to kiss. It
was probably the hottest scene I'd witnessed all afternoon; and there'd been
some incredible ones. They just lay there making out with each other for about
five minutes, panting and moaning into each other's mouths. I could tell Jake
had just let go and was giving Sean one of his soul kisses and it was
incredible to watch from my vantage point. When the kiss was over, Jake lifted
his head up a few inches and just stared into Sean's eyes. Sean looked at him
and smiled.
"Thank
you, Jakey. That was incredible... I love you."
"I
love you too; always and forever."
Jake
smiled at Sean then laid his head down next to Sean's and just sighed and
relaxed. I turned the camera off and laid it down. This was an incredibly
personal moment and didn't need to be taped. I got up off the floor and picked
up the lube and the t-shirt that were on the floor, dumping the empty lube in
the trash and putting the shirt on the chair I'd sat on. I went around and
picked up all the clothes and set everything on the floor in front of the
chair, grabbed a robe out of the bathroom and headed out to the balcony. I
wanted them to have this time alone together.
I
guessed it had been about twenty minutes when I heard them in the living room.
I was standing on the balcony, having a smoke, looking out at the city when the
door opened behind me. Sean walked up behind me, grabbed the cigarette out of
my hand and took a drag on it, then handed it back and pulled me into his arms
from behind.
"Hey
baby... You feel good. You OK? Why're you out here all by yourself?" Sean
whispered in my ear.
"Mmmmm.
You feel good too; wet though. I'm great. Just watchin' the city and giving you
guys some time together. How `bout you; you OK?"
"I'm
fuckin' great, baby. There's nothin' like hot, sweaty man-sex then a nice hot
shower to fix ya up. It was fuckin' incredible. I was thinkin' in the shower,
wondering why I've been holding back for so long with Jake. I'm really glad we
did that; it was amazing."
"It
was. At least it was to watch it." I thought about what he'd said for a moment.
"I think you guys needed to do that finally. I think you've been holding back
from Jake because you were afraid it would change things between you. And it
has, but it will be a good change; just go with it and don't over-think it like
I would."
Sean
smirked. "I agree. And I won't analyze the fuck out of it either, like some
people we all know."
He
released me, stood beside me, snatched the cigarette out of my hand and took
another drag off it. He didn't give it back, but walked away about five feet
and looked out over the city, smoking my cigarette; standing there in nothing
but boxer briefs. He looked damn good too.
"Hey,
fuck stick; that's my smoke you've got."
He
laughed. "Get your own; this one's mine."
Jake
had walked out onto the balcony to join us. He looked at me and smiled. Then he
walked over to me, reached into the pocket of my robe and pulled out the
lighter and pack of smokes. He lit one up and stuck it in my mouth.
"There
you go, baby; that big bully steal yours?" We all laughed.
"He
did, the little fucker. Thank you."
I
pulled Jake into my side and he slipped his arm around my waist. We were all
just standing there looking out over Berlin. I turned my head to Jake.
"So
can I assume we've finally come full circle? We're all where you wanted us to
be; three couples but one threesome?"
Jake
got a huge grin on his face. "Mmm hmm." Then he thought for a few seconds and
looked over at me. "This is how it was always supposed to be, Michael; this is
what I was trying to tell you that night in the living room. You understood
most of it, but blondie over there is a slow learner. We are all connected; we
are a true family and nothing can ever come between us or separate us now. We
all love each other completely and totally, without reservation or doubt, and
that's how it was meant to be."
I
looked at Jake and winked at him and smiled. There was a warm breeze blowing
and the sun was right over-head. It was a beautiful day in the city that had
once seen such chaos and destruction. We both looked over at Sean and he was
standing there watching us; a warm smile on his face. He turned back around to
look out, Jake and I walking up beside him; me in the middle with my arms
around my two men; all of us one.
The
End.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 17 (Chapter 2)

Chapter
17: Red Headed Step-Child
Neither
of us really understood why, but Sean and I had practically become inseparable
since Christmas Eve. Jake seemed to have the understanding but he wasn't quite ready
to let us in on it. He seemed happier than ever about our newfound togetherness
and was always telling us how great it was.
Life
went on pretty much as normal until the last week of February. It was Monday,
February 20 at 0915 that I was bent over getting two pie crusts out of the oven
and heard my cell phone ringing. I set the two pie tins on the counter and
picked up my phone; it was Sean's number on the Caller ID.
"Hey
baby! What's shakin', bacon?"
"Hey
sexy man. We have a problem."
"Uh
oh. I don't like the sound of that. What's going on?"
"Don't
panic, but we're bein' sent out on an exercise in an hour. We're gonna be out
of the country for six days."
"What!?
Where the hell are you going?"
"You
panicked, baby. I can't tell you where were going, all I can tell you is we
won't be back until Sunday night. Jake, me and Kevin are all going; well along
with about a hundred other guys."
"Oh
man... Fuck... OK baby, I have two questions. Are you guys going to be in danger,
and do I get to see you before you leave; can I drive up there and see you
guys?"
"No,
baby, we won't be in any danger. And yes, you can come see us; actually we need
you to bring us a few things if you wouldn't mind."
"Oh
God, of course, Sean; anything; you know that. What do you guys need?"
"Get
a pen and paper, Mikey."
I
sprinted to my office and sat down at my desk and pulled a pen out of the
drawer.
"I'm
ready."
"Jake
and I both need about three or four changes of clothes; everything from
uniforms to socks. We also need basically everything we take on our weekend
missions; like the nylon ropes, backpacks, med kits, etc.; that kinda shit.
Also, I guess winter gear might be a good idea too; coats, thermals, shit like
that. Just pack everything up in our duffle bags. We'll be in Jake's office. Just
tell Derrick at the gate what's up; he'll let you in."
"OK,
I'll get it all packed and thrown in the car. What about Kevin; does Gretchen
know he's leaving, and is she bringing him his stuff?"
"He
can't get a hold of her on the phone. He's sent a couple of texts but still
hasn't heard anything. She said she was gonna be in meetings all day, so that's
probably what's going on. I don't know what he's gonna do about his stuff."
"Is
he there with you?"
"Yeah,
he and Jake are right here; I'm in their office."
"Put
him on the phone, please, baby."
"Hold
on a sec. Oh, and thank you for doing this. I love you."
"Oh
man... I love you. You know I'll do anything for you."
"I
know, baby; the same goes for us. Here's Kev."
About
ten seconds later Kevin was on the phone.
"Mike?"
"Hey
Kevin. Still no word from Gretchen?"
"No.
I don't know how to get in touch with her other than by cell.  I tried her
office, but they won't put me through to her."
"Does
anyone else have a key to your apartment that's near the apartment? I will
gladly go by and get your things for you if I can get in the door. I don't know
if I'd have time to come to the base and get your key, get your stuff and make
it back before you leave."
"The
building manager has a key. He lives on the first floor, just as you walk in
the main door, on the right; but I can't ask you to do that, Mike."
"You
didn't ask me to; I volunteered. Call the building manager and tell him I'll be
there within about fifteen to twenty minutes. Just give him my name and tell
him what I'm doing.  Does he speak English, so you can talk to him?"
"I
don't know; Gretchen always deals with him."
"That
could be the reason why. Do you have his number on your cell?"
"Yeah."
"Do
you know how to do a conference call, or three-way call, I guess you guys call
it?"
"Yeah."
"Grab
your phone and get his number. Get him on this phone we're talking on and bring
me in on the call; I'll translate for you."
"OK,
hold on a sec."
While
he was doing that I started getting the guy's things together and shoved in
their duffle bags. He did get the call set-up and we got everything taken care
of in less than five minutes, with me translating for him. There was a good
reason Gretchen always dealt with him; he didn't speak a word of English, short
of `Hi'.  I was back on the phone with just Kevin and still packing my
guy's things.
"Where
do you keep your gear, Kevin?"
"All
of my shit is in the little bedroom; Gretchen took over the closets in the rest
of the apartment."
"You
want everything I'm bringing for Jake and Sean?"
"That'll
work."
"I'm
on it. I should be at the base shortly; I'm just about done packing here. 
Anything else you need?"
"No,
Mike. I really, really appreciate this; you're a life safer."
"Please.
You know you're family, right? I would do most anything for you, Kevin."
"Oh
man... Thanks, Mike; that means a hell of a lot to me."
"You're
welcome.  Let's get off the phone so I can finish getting this stuff
packed. I will see you guys as soon as possible. Tell Jake and Sean that I love
them and I will be there as soon as I can."
"OK,
Mike; see you soon. Later."
"Bye,
Kevin."
I
finished packing my guy's stuff, threw it all in the car and hauled ass over to
Kevin's apartment. Once the manager let me in I spent about ten minutes getting
Kevin's stuff packed up and hauled out to the car. I'm sure I broke more than a
few speed limits getting all of this done and out to the base; I arrived at the
gate at 0947. I was glad I had been introduced to Derrick before, we sort of
knew each other, and he passed me through with just a cursory inspection. I was
pulling up in front of the building where Jake and Kevin's office is at 0950.
I'd only been in Jake's office twice before, but I remembered how to get to
it.  I left everything in the car and headed inside, running into Major
Benton in the hall.
"Major."
"Mike.
I assume you're here bringing gear."
I
chuckled. "A lot of it; I have Kevin's as well."
He
looked at his watch. "You should be glad I'm not a cop, I'd give you a few
speeding tickets; they just found out about this at 0910."
I
laughed. "I was on the phone with them at 0915, so yeah, I guess I might, just
maybe, kind of, sort of broke a speed limit or two."
He
laughed. "You rekon? They did tell you they'd be gone for six days, right?"
"Yes,
and Sean also said he couldn't tell me where they were going. I assume it's
either classified or they just don't know."
"They
don't know. If you give me your word not to tell them, I'll let you in on the
secret."
"Sure,
you got it."
"Vizinga,
Russia. We're doing a cooperative training exercise with the Russians. It's
something new they wanted to try out. I don't really hold out much hope for it,
especially considering the language barriers, but I'm not the one who gets to
decide."
"So
are the Russians our allies again?"
"Beats
the hell outta me."
"I
guess it's better than Afghanistan; at least they won't be using live rounds, I
hope."
He
grins. "No, Mike, no live rounds; they won't be getting shot at; don't worry
about them."
"I'll
try not to. I assume once they're airborne you'll give them the head's up on
where they're going?"
"Eh,
they'll know before we're wheel's up; it's just easier if they don't know when
they call home to tell their loved one's they're leaving. It's not exactly a
state secret; it's just the way we like to do it."
I
grin. "I guess I can understand that. I guess that also explains the relatively
short notice."
He
laughs. "Yeah, that too." He looks at his watch again. "You've got about twenty
minutes to spend with them before they have to be out the door; I'll let you
get in there. Have a good one, Mike."
"Thanks,
Major; you too. Try not to drink too much vodka while you're there." I smile at
him.
"It's
the only thing worth goin' for."
He
grins at me and shakes my hand, then turns and walks down the adjoining
corridor. I continue on to Jake's office, stopping when I get to the closed
door. I peak through the glass to see if any officers or people I don't know
are in there. Nope. I knock once on the door and open it, walking in. Jake is
sitting at his desk and looks up when I walk in.
"Mikey!!"
"Jakey!!"
I
smile at him and he jumps up and runs around the desk and throws himself on me.
"Oh
baby, I'm so glad I get to see you and hold you before we leave!"
"Me
too, baby, me too. Oh, you feel so good... I don't want to let you go."
"I
know; me too..."
We
stand there holding each other for about a minute before either of us is
willing to release some of the tension of the hug. I see Kevin sitting at his
desk, smiling, and I wink at him, watching him blush a little in return.
"Where's
Sean; I thought he was in here with you guys?"
"He's
in the head; he should be back soon, unless he's in there killing it."
I
laugh.
"I
didn't kill it; I was just takin' a piss.  Move over, boy; I need him
too."
Sean
is coming through the door and walks behind Jake, standing there looking at me
and grinning. I'm still holding Jake in my arms.
"Hi,
sexy man; everything come out OK in the bathroom?"
He
laughs. "Only had to flush twice this time; must not be drinkin' enough water."
"How
many times did you shake it off?"
He
laughs again. "Only six."
We
all laugh. "For you, that's pretty good. It must be because you're here and not
at home."
"Pretty
much. Move over, boy, I want to hold him too."
Jake
reluctantly releases the hug, kisses me and then stands to the side.
"You
get two minutes and then I get him back."
Sean
smiles at both of us and then pulls me into a bone crushing bear hug.
"Oh
man, you feel so good, baby. I'm sure glad you got to come here before we left;
I woulda been really fucked up if I didn't get to say goodbye and hold you
first."
"Oh
Sean, me too; it would've wiped me out. I love you, baby."
"I
love you too, Michael."
Sean
decides to takes his allotted two minutes just holding me. I didn't have a
single problem with that plan; I was holding him just as tight. This would be
the longest time the three of us had been separated from each other since we'd
met, and I was not looking forward to it. Sean and I finally separated and just
stood there looking at each other, with our hands on each other's hips. I
leaned forward and kissed him, sliding my tongue in for just a few seconds; not
caring one bit that I was doing this on a military base. I pulled back from the
kiss and winked at him; he smiled. Jake hip butted Sean over.
"Hey,
I want one of those."
"Anytime,
baby."
I
pulled Jake into me and kissed him, our tongues wrestling with each other for
about ten or fifteen seconds. I pulled back from the kiss and smiled at him.
"I'm
gonna miss you. I don't know what I'm gonna do with you gone for six whole
days."
"I
know, Michael; me too. This will be the first time we've been apart this long.
I love you; don't ever forget that.
I
smiled. "I never do, Jacob." I reach up and touch his cheek for a moment. "I
love you."
"Don't
I know it." He smiles.
I
look over at Kevin, who's sitting at his desk, grinning. He's gotten more used
to seeing guys being intimate with each other, though still blushes from time
to time.
"Have
you heard from Gretchen yet?"
"Finally.
I got a simple, one line text from her telling me to be safe and she'll see me
when I get back."
"I'm
sorry you don't get to see her before you go. I guess she's just busy at work.
Think of it this way, the welcome home could be kind of hot; she'll have gone a
whole week without you." I grin at him.
He
rolled his eyes. "It would be a nice change."
That
wasn't really the reaction I was expecting from him. "Are you all right, Kevin?
Are you and Gretchen having problems?"
He
sighs. "I don't know... It seems like all we do is argue. And the once or twice a
week we actually have sex, it's like she's just doing it to get me to shut up
about it."
"Have
you asked her what's wrong?"
"I
ask her all the time; she tells me nothing's wrong. She just says work is
stressing her out and she's tired. Cranky bitch would be a better description...
She snaps at me for everything."
"I'm
sorry to hear that. Would you like me to have a chat with her, see if maybe
she'll tell me what's going on? I don't want you to feel like I'm getting in your
business, but I'm worried about you and want to do something to help."
"Thanks,
Mike; I appreciate the concern. You're welcome to talk to her if you want.
Maybe she'll tell you what's wrong; she sure the fuck ain't tellin' me."
"I'll
see if she'd like to have lunch some day this week; maybe she'll spill her
guts." I grin at him and he returns it.
"Just
remember to duck." We all laugh.
"Will
do. I think I found all of your gear; I hope I didn't miss anything. I managed
to find everything I brought for these two, except a nylon rope; didn't see one
anywhere in your apartment."
"It's
here in the office; sorry I didn't tell you. Thank you, Mike; I really, really
appreciate you doing that for me."
"You're
more than welcome. Like I said, you're family; don't worry about it. Just
because you're my red headed step child, don't think you're not loved and
appreciated."
He
laughs. "Thanks Mike."
"Not
to mention the fact I got to go through and sniff your underwear." The room
busted up, laughing; Kevin turned bright red.
"Oh
man... That's not nice."
I
grinned at him. "Eh, don't sweat it. I only sniffed the dirty ones; the other's
just smelled like fabric softener; where's the fun in that?"
My
two guys laughed harder and Kevin turned a brighter shade of red.
"You
have a cruel streak in you; you know that?"
I
laugh. "I've been told, yes. I'm sorry, Kev; I shouldn't embarrass you like
that; it really isn't a very nice thing to do. I apologize."
"Don't
worry about it; I shouldn't be so easy to embarrass. Hey, tell ya what; you
wanna sniff the one's I'm wearin' now?" He grins at me.
"Take
`em off, big boy. Or hell, just come here, I'll sniff `em through your pants."
I grin at him.
"No,
that's OK; thanks for the offer."
"Hey,
you're the one that asked if I'd like to sniff `em; don't get chicken now."
He
laughs. "Yeah, it'd be that time that Major Benton chose to walk in here; I'll
pass."
"So
what kinda underwear does he have the most of, Mike?"
"You'd
be proud of him, Sean; he wears tighty whitey's, just like you."
Sean
turns to Kevin, grinning. "Good man. I knew you wanted to grow up and be just
like me."
"Blow
me, blondie; I just happen to like the support."
"Pull
it out, big boy." Kevin blushes again.
Jake
turns to Kevin. "When are you gonna learn not to say that around us?"
"Maybe
one of these days I'll learn to stop."
Sean
grins at him. "Face it, dude; you just really, really want a world-class blow
job; you're just too afraid to admit it."
"I'd
love a world-class blow job; just not from a guy."
Sean
shakes his head, grinning. "It's the only way you're gonna get world-class,
dude. Women are good, but they just don't have the cocksucker mentality to back
`em up."
We
all laugh. Kevin finally get's one in.
"So
you're saying cocksuckers are mental?"
Sean
actually blushes a little. "Hell yeah! To be a world class cocksucker you have
to have a love of cock and know what feels good; to do that you have to have
one of your own. And being a little mental helps you get more into it; helps
you make sweet love to something that doesn't belong in your mouth."
I
just look at Sean. "Hey, I don't consider myself mental. And it does belong in
my mouth; that's only one of three places it should ever be."
They
all laugh again. Sean turns to me, grinning. "No offense, baby, but I've seen
and felt you in action; you get a little mental about it sometimes."
I
grin at him. "Maybe..."
Slow
Kevin has to ask. "What are you talking about; what three places?"
I
grin at him while the other two laugh. "Mouth, ass or hands; nothing else is
allowed."
He
turns bright red again. "Fuck... I just had to open my mouth again. I disagree
though; pussy is number one. Mouth and hands are good, too. Ain't never had
ass, so can't speak on that one."
Sean
jumps in. "Oh dude! You gotta try some ass; it's fuckin' awesome! Just tell
Gretchen you weren't aimin' right and it slipped in." We all laugh again.
"Yeah,
blondie, picture her reaction to that one. Just how dumb do you think I am? I
like my balls a lot and I don't feel like having them cut off."
"Pussy.
Just ask her if you can try some ass; she might surprise ya."
Kevin
grins. "She'd just tell me to use yours."
Sean
turns around and slaps his ass, pointing it at Kevin. "If you think you're man
enough; have at it."
Kevin
turns red again. I laugh. Jake laughs and looks at Kevin; shaking his head. "I
thought you said you were gonna learn to shut up?"
"I'm
a slow learner; leave me alone!"
Sean
slaps his own ass again and turns back around. "Pussy. I offer you this fine
ass and all you do is get embarrassed. Damn, boy, twenty-three years old, a
Marine, and still a fuckin' pussy." He grins at Kevin.
"Fuck
you, blondie."
"I
was just gonna let ya, dumbass, but you ain't man enough for it." He grins at
Kevin.
"I'm
more than man enough. I just don't want any stinky, blondie Marine ass."
"Blow
me, red. You'd be damn lucky and honored to have this Marine's ass."
Before
Kevin has a chance to fire a return salvo the P.A. comes to life, announcing a
five-minute warning to report to the quad. I look at my watch, noticing they've
cut our time down by about twelve minutes, the dirt bags. Damn... I turn to look
at Sean and Jake; my eyes starting to get a little wet. This is goodbye for a
whole week. I walk over and pull Jake into my arms, holding him like he does me
when he's had a melt-down.
"I
love you, Jacob. Be very safe while you're gone. I'll worry about you guys all
week. And Kevin may not get a great welcome home from Gretchen, but you can bet
your hot little ass you two will. I love you, baby."
He
giggles. "I love you, too. We'll be safe; I promise. I'm so gonna miss you,
baby."
We
hug for another thirty seconds and I turn to Sean, trying to smile for him. He
pulls me into another bone crushing bear hug.
"I'm
really gonna miss you, stud. This is worse than any Saturday morning training;
I'm not gonna get to hold ya for a whole week. Fuck... I love you so much,
Michael; I love you more than anything, baby."
"I
love you too, Sean; with everything in me. I'm gonna miss you; I'm gonna miss
both of you so much. Be very safe and take care of each other, please. And
don't say I told ya, but go kick some Ruskie ass, baby. I love you, Sean."
He
pulls back from the hug, grinning. "You know where we're going?"
I
smile at him. "Yep. You'll have fun; just stay away from the vodka and the
horny Russian soldiers."
He
smirks and grins. "I don't like vodka and there ain't no Russian grunt can hold
a candle to you. How do you know?"
"I
ran into a certain Major in the hall; he told me in confidence, but said you'd
find out before wheel's up, anyway. Be glad you had me bring winter gear,
though."
"No
kidding; it's gonna be fuckin' cold there. I wish you'd be there to keep me
warm. Jake may be a little loose when we get back." He laughs.
I
grin. "Not too loose, baby; I love his hot, tight little ass as much as yours.
Now let's go out to the car and get your gear; I don't want you guys getting
chewed out for being late."
"Yes
Sir."
I
turn to Kevin, watching him getting his nylon rope out of his desk. I walk over
to his desk and wait for him to set the rope down.
"Come
here, boy; you're not getting out of this."
He
walks into my arms, holding me just as tight as Jake and Sean had. I wrap my
arms around him and just hold on tight, one hand on his back, the other on the
back of his head.
"You
be safe while you're out there playin' soldier; you hear? You guys look after
each other; I want all three of you coming home without any scars or bruises.
Have a good week, and don't worry about Gretchen; I'll try and find out what's
going on with her. You'll also be expected at our house for a welcome home
dinner; I'll make all of everyone's favorites. I love you, Kevin."
"Thanks,
Mike; I love you too. I'll try to keep those two in line and bring `em home to
you in one piece. I can't wait for that dinner; can we just go have it now?"
"Let's
go."
We
both chuckle and break the hug, looking at each other, smiling.
"Damn,
for a straight boy, you give good hug."
He
smiles. "For a gay boy you give pretty damn good hug too."
I
smirk. "Grab your rope, PFC; let's get the fuck outta here. And you'd better
come home a Lance Corporal; what's taking you so long?"
"Hey,
talk to the Major; he's the one in charge of that shit."
"I'll
get ya some knee pads while you're away; they always help." We both laugh.
I
turn around and grab my guy's shoulders, squeezing them a little while shoving
them towards the door.
"I
love you both and I'll miss you terribly. Let's go get your stuff."
The
four of us head out to the car and get it unloaded, double-checking to make
sure we've got everything. I close the trunk and look at them, trying to smile,
but having a hard time making one happen. I'm going to miss them so very much.
My thoughts are interrupted by another announcement on the P.A. They have one
minute to report to the quad with their gear.
"I
love you guys. Go. I'll be waiting right here when you get back."
Jake's
fighting for control. "We love you. See ya later, Sir."
That
almost sends me over the edge. "Me too. See ya later, Lance Corporal Jacob."
I
look at Sean, fighting for control of my own. "I love you. I'll see you in a
week. Remember, no Ruskie grunts..."
"I
love you too, baby. See ya later..." He winks at me and turns around, grabbing
his gear and walking away.  Jake grabs his gear as well, mouths `I love
you' to me and walks away. Kevin is picking his gear up and stands back up,
looking at me, looking kind of sad.
"I
haven't had to say goodbye like this since I joined the Corps and left home;
it's not fun, is it?"
"No."
"I
love you, Mike. See ya later, Sir."
"Oh
man... I love you too, Kevin. See ya later."
He
turns and jogs away, trying to catch up with Sean and Jake. I just stand there behind
the car watching the three most important men in my life walking away. I watch
them until they're out of site, feeling the lump in my throat growing bigger
with each step they take, finally deciding I should get back home. All I'm
doing by staying here is making myself sadder. As I'm turning around to get
back in the car I see a couple of stragglers running with all their gear,
trying to get to the quad. I've always enjoyed the sight of all the hot men
around this base, but today it just reminds me how young they all are, and how
privileged and honored we should be that these young men and women have
volunteered to serve their country.
As
I'm walking into the kitchen from the garage I see the two pie crusts I pulled
out of the oven just as Sean was calling me. I'd been planning a little
surprise dessert for them. They both love pecan pie and I was going to make
them a couple; one to eat here and one to take to the base with them to share
with Kevin or anyone else. I stare at the crusts for a few seconds, with images
playing in my mind of the two of them scarfing down the last one I made for
them. Being the one left at home isn't fair. They're incredibly busy, getting
everything ready to go, getting on the helicopter's to go to the airfield and
then getting all their gear and everything else onto the plane. I get to sit in
an empty house surrounded by all their things, the sights and smells of them,
and memories of shared experiences and great times. Maybe I've made a mistake.
I've devoted my whole life to them; everything revolves around the two of them.
We've lived here for almost a year and I still don't even know our neighbor's.
Without them I am alone and meaningless. I told Jake not to lose himself just
because we're together, but I went and did it to myself.
The
remainder of Monday was agony; I wandered around the house, touching their
clothes and looking at the pictures of the three of us around the house. I did
make the pies. I did it for something to do as well as for them; they'd have
them when they got home. I called Gretchen on Tuesday and made a lunch date
with her for Wednesday at 1130. I didn't really tell her why I wanted to see
her, just that I wanted to be around somebody. On Tuesday afternoon I happened
to meet one of our neighbors; not that we lived exactly next door to anyone. I
had seen them before, a young couple with a really cute little girl of about
three years old. They were out for a walk and I was out at the mailbox, so we
spent about twenty minutes chatting. They told me it was nice of me to move to
be close to my sons while they were stationed here, and I thought for a few
seconds about if it would be wise to tell them the truth. I decided that being
honest with them about what those two were to me was more important than their perceptions,
so I told them the truth. They were a little shocked that both of them were my
lover, but they seemed okay with it for the most part.
I
managed to get through the rest of Tuesday with slightly less longing than had
been with me on Monday. On Wednesday I spent the morning cleaning house and
doing some programming work before I went to town to meet Gretchen for lunch.
Gretchen worked about two blocks away from the hotel Jake and I had stayed at,
so we decided to just have lunch there. I was standing in the lobby at 1125
when she walked in. I hugged her and gave her a kiss on the cheek and we went
into the restaurant and got a table. Once the waiter had left with our drink
orders I looked at her. She did look kind of stressed out.
"Are
you all right, Gretchen?"
"I'm
fine; why do you ask?"
"Because
you look worried and stressed out. You're missing Kevin?"
"Partly..."
I
guess I was waiting for more, but none came. "Is everything okay with you and
Kevin?"
"Yeah,
fine. Why? Did Kevin say something about me?"
"No.
I was just expecting more of an answer when I asked if you were missing him. It
made me wonder if something was wrong."
She
sighs. "I don't know... How do you guys do it? The three of you always seem so
happy, and all Kevin and I do is fight."
"What
do you fight about the most?"
She
sighs again. "There really isn't a hot topic; we argue about big things and
little things. He's so immature sometimes; he'll just walk away and start
playing those damn video games! He and Jake are constantly playing them; how do
you put up with it from Jake?"
"Is
that what has you so stressed; Kevin playing video games?"
She
groans and sighs. "No, not just that; he's just... I don't know... Sometimes he
just really gets on my last nerve."
"Well
as far as Jake playing video games, it doesn't bother me at all. I even find
myself playing them with him; they're kind of fun from time to time. The three
of us will get in a video game battle and have a really great time together.
Maybe you could give it a try some night and see if you like them."
"I
have tried; they're stupid. I see no point in shooting at imaginary images on
the television."
"Try
not thinking so much in terms of what you're doing, but that you're getting to
spend some time with Kevin doing something he enjoys so much; that's the way I
look at it."
"That
would be fine if he thought the same way. He never wants to do anything I'd
like to do. Our last big argument was this past Saturday. They were having a
home and garden show at the pavilion and I tried desperately to get him to
go.  Would he? No, he was playing a fucking video game. Sorry."
I
shake my head. "Please, I live with two Marines; I've heard a few bad words. So
basically what you're saying is you don't like video games and he doesn't like
home and garden shows. Perhaps there's some middle ground somewhere that you
would both enjoy."
"Like
what; sex? That's all he ever thinks and talks about. Well, sex and video
games. Don't get me wrong, I like sex, but there has to be more than that. I
can't remember the last good conversation I had with him. We used to talk all
the time before we moved in together. What happened?"
"He
stopped trying to impress you. It's part of the male mating ritual. We do
everything we can to get your attention, but once we have it we go back to
being who we really are. That, and for the most part men are a pretty quiet
species. As long as our basic needs are being met we're generally pretty happy
and content and seldom see the need to discuss anything."
"Men!"
I
laugh. "Yep. Can't live with `em; can't shoot `em."
She
finally laughs. "Well I do have access to whatever kind of automatic weapon it
is he brings home with him..." She grins at me.
"Eh,
you can't shoot him; you love him. Besides, the paperwork has to be a real
bitch."
She
laughs again. "Yeah, I deal with enough paperwork at work; I don't need more at
home. Seriously though; how do you deal with it; you have two of `em?"
"You're
forgetting an important detail; I'm a man too. I think the same way they do."
She
rolls her eyes. "Hell! Sorry, sometimes I forget I'm not dealing with another
housewife. No offense."
I
laugh. "None taken. You're how old, about twenty-two?"
"You're
not supposed to ask that." She grins. "Yes."
"I
know they don't teach this in school, but men are pretty simple for the most
part, and you'll learn more about that as you get older. We like things simple.
Keep us fed, watered, sexually satisfied and try not to delve too far into our
psyches and we're a pretty happy bunch. A few of us do take orders fairly well,
and I was under the impression Kevin was one of them, so we can be taught a few
things. You also have to remember that Kevin's only twenty-three; he's still in
the young dude stage where it's all about having fun with your friends. I have
no idea how a straight man thinks, but I think it's true for most men, that if
you show us you love us and will be there for us, we'll do the same in return.
Maybe not in the manner you'd like, but we do know how to show someone we love
them and care about them. He needs to show you more attention and you need to
show him more patience."
"But
why is it always the woman that has to have patience? Why can't you men just
accept the fact you need us; and yes, even you, gay man, and treat us the way
we want to be treated?"
"Have
you ever asked Kevin that question? Another thing that helps in dealing with us
is keep things direct and to the point. You can't hint at things and you can't
just think he should know what you're feeling and thinking; he won't get the
hints and he doesn't know. Tell him point blank what you want from him. Tell
him you want to do something besides fuck and play video games. Tell him you
would like to have talks like you did before he moved in. Tell him that you
would like to spend some time with him, just strolling around the park, or
seeing a show together. The secret is, though, to do it without sounding like
his mother. Don't talk down to him and don't treat him like a little boy. I've
seen that so many times and I wonder why the man puts up with it; it drives me
crazy."
"What
do you mean?"
"I've
seen so many women talking to their other half like a petulant child; like he's
too stupid to get it if they speak in a normal tone of voice. No offense, but
it makes me really, really glad I'm gay sometimes."
"I
guess I've seen it too. I try not to sound that way with Kevin, but sometimes
he makes me so damn frustrated. When he's acting like a petulant child it's
really hard not to treat him like one. And I have tried being point blank with
him; he still doesn't get it. Why can't he just meet me half-way with this?"
"How
long after he moved in did you start getting frustrated?"
"I
started noticing a change after about a month and a half."
"Was
the change in him, specifically, or just a change in your relationship?"
"In
him."
"What
about him did you see change?"
"Please
don't take offense to this, but he was always comparing us to you and Jake. He
told me how easy and relaxed you are with each other and wanted us to be the
same. I was all for it; I wanted that too. Then he started to become a little
withdrawn; he'd spend more time with you and Jake or alone with his games.
After Thanksgiving, when he found out Sean was in your relationship with Jake,
he really started to change. I think he started to see it as something he might
like, if it weren't for the sex part, and he started bringing your relationship
up more and more. Every time we'd argue about something he'd ask me why we
couldn't be like you guys; just be friends, I guess. I don't want to be just
his friend, dammit!"
"I'm
sorry about that. I think part of it might be what I said before, about him
still being in the `want to hang out with his friends' stage. He sees us as a
group of friends that just hang out together and live together. He tries very
hard to ignore and not think about the sexual aspect of it; it embarrasses the
hell out of him, and I think he just likes the guys hanging out together part
of it. I think for him it's like hanging out at the base with his buddies. And
I'm sorry, but I don't know what advice to give to change his thinking."
"Do
you think there might be the slightest chance he's gay? Has your `gaydar' ever
gone off around him?"
I
smirk. "My gaydar's been in the shop since I was twelve. I've never been very
good at guessing who might or might not be. As far as Kevin, I would say no,
not at all. I just can't imagine him ever doing something sexual with a man.
Hell, just the mere mention of anything sexual about me Sean and Jake turns him
as red as his hair."
"Maybe
that's why; maybe he's thinking about it and it embarrasses him when it's
brought up?"
I
shake my head. "I just can't think of Kevin doing anything. He's just... he's so
straight."
"So
was Sean."
I
exhale. "I see your point. Do you want me to ask him?"
"No.
I'm not sure I want to know."
"What
if he is? What if he's bi, like Sean; what do you do then?"
"I
don't know...." She shakes her head slowly. "I don't know. I'd love him just as
much if he were, but I don't know if I could handle him possibly doing
something with someone else. And it has nothing to do with that someone else
being a man; I don't want to share him with anyone."
"I
can understand that. I still don't think he is though. I think it's just what I
said, that he sees the three of us as just the guys, and its fun to hang out
with us and not deal with his relationship with you. He just needs to grow up a
little if he's going to make a commitment like he has with you. Hell, the three
of us were convinced we'd be going to your wedding sometime soon."
"You're
not the only one. He hasn't asked though. And now I'm not sure I'd say yes. He
has to figure out what he wants more; me or his buddies."
The
waiter brought our drinks and asked to take our orders, our conversation dying
after that. We never really got around to that topic again; we talked more
about work; both hers and mine. She had to be back at work, so after a quick
lunch she was out the door and I was headed back to the car. I looked at my
watch. 1207. Wow, that was a quickie; I may have to have an early dinner to
make up for it.
I
really didn't know what to make of our talk. I knew more than Kevin did at this
point, but I still didn't know where it was heading. I had a better
understanding of where she was coming from. I'd be upset too if Jake and Sean
were constantly over at her house playing video games, or always telling me
they wished our relationship was more like hers. I didn't really know what to
do about it though. I could have a talk with Kevin and tell him he's about to
be in a shit-storm if he doesn't clue in pretty soon, but other than that I
didn't really know how to handle it. I sure as hell had no intention of
changing my relationship with my guys just to make hers easier, and I wasn't
about to tell Kevin that he couldn't hang out with us. Like I'd told him, he
was family and he was welcome in our home anytime he wanted. I was sure of only
one thing; she was dead wrong in thinking he might be gay curious or bi; that
just wasn't our Kevin. As it turns out, if I'd been in Russia with the three of
them I'd know I was pissing in the wind on that one.
Wednesday
night, Vizinga, Russia, fifteen kilometers east of the Russian army base. There
are three hundred men; a hundred U.S. Marines and two hundred Russian Army
soldiers in a four acre clearing on their second night of combined training.
Everyone is in tents; my three Marines sharing a four-man tent. They're all in
their own sleeping bags. It's seven degrees Fahrenheit outside and my three
guys have found a way to stay warm. They've been talking shit to each other and
talking about sex for the last hour and a half. Sean turns his head back to
Kevin.
"I
told ya, dude, you just need to get yourself a world-class blowjob; you'll feel
better about everything."
"Gretchen
doesn't really like to do it. She'll do it, and she's not too bad, but she
doesn't really like it."
"Who
said anything about Gretchen? I said you needed a world-class blowjob, and
those only come one way." He grins at him.
"With
a dude?"
"Fuck
yeah, dude."
"Are
you offering?"
"Would
you accept it if I were?"
Kevin
shakes his head. "I don't know, man... That's... I don't know..."
Sean
turns to Jake. "Hey, do you wanna help me show this dumb shit what a real blow
job is supposed to feel like?"
Jake
grins. "I don't know, Sean. He's our friend, it might be kind of weird, don't
ya think?"
Sean
grins bigger. "I was just your friend when you and Mike brought me over to the
dark side. Come on, brother, let's show this poor, mistreated, misguided
straight boy how sex was meant to be."
"What
about Mike? What would he think about it?"
"He'd
think it was hot; quit worryin' about it."
Jake
grins. "He probably would. Wasn't he just asking us about this the other
night?"
Sean
smirks. "Yes he was. Get your ass outta that sleepin' bag and come around to
help me with this straight boy."
"Hey,
I'm right here; don't talk about me like I'm some trick you picked up from a
fuckin' bar, fuck stick."
"Sorry
about that; I'm just tryin' to get a little help from my partner here. Don't
take it personal."
"And
besides, I never said I was gonna let you do it anyway."
"Have
you been thinkin' about it since I brought it up?"
"A
little."
"Is
your dick hard?"
Kevin
blushes. "A little..."
Sean
laughs. "Fuck yeah! Come on, Kev, you know you wanna try it. Just tell your
head to shut the fuck up and just enjoy it. We're pretty fuckin' good at it, if
I do say so myself."
Kevin
groans. "Fine... Let's do this. I have to admit, you've both told me so many
fuckin' times that men are better at it than women that I've gotten curious to
find out if it's true."
"Hell
yeah! And yes we are. Just kick back, relax and enjoy, brother."
Jake
smirks and get's out of his sleeping bag, but then decides he might need it;
it's incredibly cold.
"Hey,
it's fuckin' cold as fuck out here; just trade places with Kev. We'll just have
him in the middle, but stay in our bags. His dick might get cold, but then it
shouldn't since it'll be wrapped up in something warm." He giggles.
"OK,
that'll work, too."
Sean
stands up in his sleeping bag and tells Kevin to scoot over in his. Once Kevin
is in the middle, Sean get's back down, straightens out his sleeping bag, then
sits back up, turned facing Kevin.
"Pull
that cock out, boy."
"Damn,
dude. No dinner, no movie; just whip my dick out, huh?"
Sean
giggles. "You want romance, huh? I can do romance too, but didn't think you'd
be able to handle making out with a dude."
Kevin
thinks about it a few seconds. "I'm not sure... Kiss me and I'll see how I feel
about it. Don't just attack me though."
"Pussy.
I've been with girls like you; they want to take it slow too.  Come here,
sexy boy."
"Fuck
you, blondie; I'm not a fuckin' girl!" He thinks again for a couple of seconds.
"Fine, kiss me like a fuckin' man then."
"Oh
fuck yeah. Come here."
Sean
leans over Kevin, connecting with his mouth and holds it for about five or six
seconds without using any tongue. He breaks the kiss and looks at Kevin,
grinning.
"So...?"
"Not
gross. Just different."
Sean
laughs. "Thanks a lot, brother."
Kevin
blushes. "No! I'm sorry; I didn't mean it that way. It's just that I always
thought it'd be really gross to kiss a guy, but it wasn't."
"Well,
try Jakey; nobody kisses better than he does."
Kevin
turns to Jake, blushing again. Jake blushes too and smiles at him.
"Are
you sure about this?"
Kevin
sighs. "Yeah, Jake; I'm sure. I've actually thought about this before with you
guys. I know I'm always saying I would never do anything like this, but I have
thought about it; but only with you guys." He blushes furiously.
Jake
smiles at him. "Well, thanks for that; it actually means a lot to me that you
trust us that much; or are turned on by us that much." He grins at Kevin,
making him blush again.
"Trust.
Well and maybe just a little turned on, too. Not that I spend much time
checkin' out guys, but you're both really hot."
Jake
blushes. "Thanks, so are you. Are you ready?"
"Yeah,
lay it on me, brother."
Jake
leans forward, meeting Kevin half-way and bringing his left hand to the side of
Kevin's face, gently touching it while their lips meet. Kevin responds a
little, and then Jake demands entry with his tongue, running it around Kevin's
lips. Kevin opens his mouth, letting him in and meeting Jake's tongue with his
own. They moan into each other's mouths; Kevin bringing his hand up to Jake's
face and resting it there, just above his cheek. They hold the kiss for about
thirty seconds; moaning lightly the entire kiss. Jake pulls back from the kiss,
blushes again, and looks at Kevin, smiling a little.
"Was
that OK?"
Kevin
smiles. "That was really nice, Jake. Sean's right; you're really good at that."
Jakes
blushes again. "Thanks. Sean's pretty damn good at it too; he was just holding back
in case you freaked out. Try kissing him now."
Kevin
smiles and turns back to Sean, who grins.
"Kiss
me again, blondie; but make it a good one."
"Quit
callin' me fuckin' blondie and I'll consider it."
"Done.
Fuck stick."
Sean
laughs. "That's better. Come here, you sexy little fucker."
Kevin
leans forward, meeting Sean half-way this time. Their lips meet and Kevin's
tongue is the one demanding entry into Sean's mouth. Sean happily obliges and
meets it with his own. They make out for about thirty seconds as well; moaning
into each other's mouths and having a tongue war; wrestling for dominance.
Kevin pulls back from the kiss and looks at Sean, grinning.
"Damn,
you were holding back. Fuck, dude; you're damn good at that."
"You're
pretty fuckin' good at it too. Is your cock hard yet? Mine's fuckin' rock
hard."
"Oh
hell yeah; mine got rock hard when I was kissing Jake; now it's leakin' pre-cum
like a faucet."
"Good;
that's just the way we wanted ya; hard and horny. I wanna see your sexy, little
body, but it's too fuckin' cold in here, I'll have to settle for just your cock
and balls. Drop `em."
Kevin
grins at Sean and then wiggles his pants and underwear down in the sleeping
bag; his now rock hard, leaking seven inch un-cut cock springs back and slaps
his tummy. Sean moans and Jake leans over to have a look; nodding
appreciatively.
"Nice
cock, Kevin. I have to admit, I've wondered what you were packin' in there.
Nice."
Kevin
grins and blushes a little, looking at Jake.
"What
else have you been wonderin'?"
Jake
grins. "OK, I'll admit I've checked out your ass quite a few times too; it's
really nice, dude. Any chance you could roll over and let us have a better look
at it? We promise not to stick anything in there; I just want to see it."
"Yeah,
dude; let's check out that cute little ass of yours." Sean grins at Kevin and
then licks his lips, making Kevin giggle.
"Fine,
but you ain't stickin' nothin' in there."
"We
promise; though, you'd really enjoy what I'd like to stick in there." Sean
grins at him again.
"No
way, man. I've heard about that big ass cock of yours; ain't no fuckin' way
you're stickin' that in me."
"I
wasn't talkin' about my cock, dude. I wanna shove my tongue in there."
"What!?
That's fuckin' gross, dude!"
"No
it ain't; it's fuckin' hot as hell, dude; you'd love it, I promise."
"You'd
really stick your tongue in my ass? That's fuckin' weird, dude."
"Haven't
you ever heard of a rim job? Fuck, dude, they're better than a blowjob. It's
like eatin' pussy. And feelin' a hot tongue roamin' around your hole feels
fuckin' excellent!"
Kevin
looks at Sean, considering what he's told him. Even though the idea sounds kind
of intriguing, it's too damn cold to have his ass sticking out, much less
getting wet.
"Maybe
some other time, dude; it's too fuckin' cold in here to have my ass hangin'
out, gettin' wet."
Sean
laughs. "You make a good point. So just roll over and let us check it out; then
we'll take really good care of that leakin' cock of yours."
Kevin
blushes a little again and then grins. He lies back down and then rolls over on
to his stomach; pushing his ass up a little. Jake and Sean both moan loudly.
Sean reaches down and grabs a cheek, massaging it a couple of times. Kevin
flinches a little, but then relaxes and enjoys the attention.
"Fuck,
dude, that's a sweet ass; it's makin' my mouth water. You need to get some
fuckin' sun though; you're whiter than white, dude."
"Thanks,
I guess. But who the fuck's gonna tan their ass? I ain't layin' out in the sun with
my fuckin' ass hangin' out."
"I
guess I can see your point. Come on, Jakey, you gotta grab a cheek; it's nice
and firm. Besides, you've been scopin' out his ass for awhile; you gotta feel
it."
Jake
grins and then reaches in Kevin's sleeping bag and grabs the other ass cheek,
massaging it and feeling all around it while Sean's doing the same. Jake smiles
at Sean.
"I
see what ya mean; that's fuckin' nice." He looks down at Kevin. "You have a
sweet ass, Kev. I know it looks damn good in your cammos, but it's even better
just hangin' out. I'm with Sean; I can see myself with my face buried in
there."
Kevin
giggles and Sean laughs. Jake and Sean spend about five more minutes feeling
Kevin's ass up; roaming all around it, massaging it and rubbing it. Sean pulls
his hand up and gives it a little swat, making Kevin jump.
"Damn,
boy; fine ass!"
"Thanks,
but don't be spankin' it. Are you two done with my butt yet?"
Sean
gives it another little swat, making Kevin moan just a little. Sean grins at
Jake.
"If
you don't want me swattin' it, why'd you moan?"
"Shut
up." The three of them laugh.
"Roll
over, boy; it's time to get a closer look and taste of that meat."
Jake
and Sean pull their hands out of Kevin's sleeping bag and then Kevin rolls back
over onto his back, looking up at them with a grin on his face. Sean and Jake
smile at him and then at each other. Sean looks at Jake and then down at
Kevin's dick.
"You're
the one that's been checkin' this boy out; have at it."
Jake
grins and then looks at Kevin. Kevin returns the grin and Jake leans down and
kisses him again, sliding his tongue into Kevin's mouth, meeting up with his.
They make out with each other for about a minute before Jake breaks the kiss
and starts moving his head down. Sean pulls the sleeping bag down, following
Jake's head as he descends on to Kevin's cock. Jake sticks his tongue out and
scoops up some of the pre-cum that's pooled up on Kevin's cockhead. Kevin
flinches and then moans a little. Jake looks up at him and smiles before
turning his face back to the hard cock just inches from his mouth. He decides
fuck it, and just engulfs it, taking Kevin's cock down three quarters of the
way, swishing his tongue back and forth along the base. Kevin moans out loudly
and then grunts.
"Fuck,
dude! That's fuckin' incredible; nobody's ever taken that much of my cock
before. Fuck..."
Sean
giggles, looking down at Kevin's face.
"Nobody
loves cock more than Jakey does; he's a true master cocksucker. Besides, me and
Mike taught him everything he knows. Fuck, Mike can take mine all the way down
to my pubes and hold it there."
Kevin
groans again, thrusting his hips up a little. "Fuck...! Damn, Jakey, that's
fuckin' incredible! Yeah, suck my cock, dude."
Jake
pulls back up to the head, swirls his tongue around a few times and then goes
right back down; trying to take Kevin in all the way. He gets to where he can
feel Kevin's pubes tickle his nose and starts to gag, pulling back up and off.
He looks up at Sean and Kevin and grins.
"That
tastes fuckin' sweet, dude. You have a beautiful fuckin' cock."
He
goes right back down on it, taking him about three quarters of the way again,
then comes right back up, going right back down. He sets up his favorite
rhythm, just sucking Kevin's cock as far down as he can go then right back up then
right back down again. Kevin's moaning and starting to pant a little. He
reaches down and grabs Jake's head, following his movements. Sean's watching
Jake in action and rubbing his own cock through his cammos.
"Fuck,
Jakey, that's fuckin' hot, brother. Yeah, boy; suck that fuckin' cock. Don't
get him off though, I wanna taste too."
Jake
pulls off and looks up at Sean, grinning.
"Well
then get your ass down here; we can share it for awhile; like Mike and I do
with yours."
"Fuck
yeah, move over, boy."
Sean
moves his ass back so he can get in on Jake's cocksickle, giving Kevin a quick,
sweaty kiss before lowering his head down to Kevin's crotch. He gives Jake a
quick kiss and then shoves Kevin's cock down his throat, taking him all the
way. Kevin moans out loud and grunts.
"Fuck...!!
Goddamn, dude; that's fuckin' awesome! Oh God, Sean; suck that fuckin' cock..."
Sean
gets to work on Kevin's cock, sucking him down all the way and then coming back
up; taking a good lick around the head and then going right back down. He sucks
Kevin for about two minutes before pulling off and looking at Jake, grinning.
"Your
turn."
Sean
grabs Kevin's dick and points it toward Jake, grinning and moving it in circles
a couple of times. Jake giggles and lower's his head back down, taking Kevin in
about half way and then coming back up to the head, swirling his tongue around
and taking him back in. He sucks Kevin's dick for about a minute and then pulls
off, making a popping sound and looks at Sean.
"Go
for it."
Sean
grins and take's Kevin back in his mouth, setting up the same rhythm Jake was
using; going half-way, coming back to the head, swirling his tongue around and
going back down. He sucks Kevin for another minute or so while Jake is
massaging Kevin's balls, moving each testicle around in his hand and then
grabbing his sack and gently squeezing. Kevin is about beside himself, panting
and moaning and telling them how great it all feels. Sean pulls off after a
minute and looks at Jake.
"Your
turn again. He tastes fuckin' sweet, doesn't he?"
"Oh
fuck yeah he does."
Jake
gives Sean a quick kiss and then engulfs Kevin again, sucking him just like
before. Sean decides he wants to join in and moves his head down and to the
side, taking a swipe of Kevin's balls. Kevin lurches up a little and moans out
again.
"Oh
God... Oh man... That's fuckin' hot; lick my balls, dude; please."
Sean
follows orders and starts licking Kevin's balls, trying to stay out of Jake's
way while he's sucking dick. They spend about three more minutes doing this
before Kevin's about ready to sell state secrets.
"Fuck,
oh fuck; I'm gonna cum if you guys keep that up."
Sean
and Jake both pull away and look up at him, smiling. Sean grabs his balls and
squeezes a little.
"That's
kinda the idea, dude."
"Yeah,
but I don't wanna cum just yet. It feels too good and I don't want it to end
yet."
Sean
grins at him.
"You
wanna taste your own cock?"
Kevin
grins. "Sure. But I've tried before and I can't reach it."
Sean
and Jake laugh.
"No,
dill weed, I meant do you wanna make out with us, tasting your cock on our
tongues?"
Kevin
grins again. "Fuck yeah; come up here."
Jake
and Sean both move back towards Kevin's face, Sean arriving first and landing
on his mouth, slamming his tongue in. Kevin groans and starts moving his tongue
all around Sean's mouth, tasting himself for the first time. They make out for
about thirty seconds before Sean pulls back and Jake's right there, sliding his
tongue into Kevin's mouth. The two of them make out for another thirty seconds
or so, and then Sean's back. They just go back and forth for a few minutes,
tasting each other and sharing Kevin's cock flavor. All three of them are
panting and moaning, trying to out-do each other with each kiss. Kevin finally
turns his head to the side, panting and trying to regain some control.
"Oh
fuck... Oh fuck... That's fuckin' hot as hell, dudes. I never dreamt that making
out with a guy could be so fuckin' hot."
Sean
grins at him. "You're pretty fuckin' good at it for a straight boy. You get
into almost as much as Jake does."
"It
just felt so good; I couldn't control it." Kevin smiles at both of them.
Jake
grins at him. "I keep tryin' to tell ya, dude; it's fuckin' hot. Maybe now
you'll believe me."
"Oh
fuck yeah; I believe ya, brother."
Sean
looks down at him, grinning. "You ready for some more cock action?"
"Hell
yeah; go for it."
Sean
thinks about it for a second. "You've only been with Gretchen, right?"
"For
the last year or so, yeah; why?"
"Just
thinkin' about something. Just relax and enjoy, brother."
Sean
and Jake both move back down to Kevin's cock, Jake beating him to it and taking
Kevin back in, sucking him down as far as he can before gagging and then
pulling back up and trying it again. He continues sucking Kevin's cock while
Sean's massaging and licking his balls, both of them listening to Kevin moan
and pant. Jake hand's off to Sean and finishes what Sean's started on Kevin's
nuts, while running his left hand up and down Kevin's legs. Sean sucks Kevin
for about thirty seconds and then pulls off, grabbing the cock in his fist and
moving the foreskin up. He watches as Kevin's foreskin slides up, partly hiding
the head he's just been sucking on. He moves his hand up and down for about
fifteen or twenty seconds, just watching the foreskin slide back and forth
while grinning up at Kevin. Kevin looks down at him and grins.
"You
like that?"
"Fuck
yeah; do you?"
"Feels
great. I'm guessing you don't have one of your own to play with."
"Nope,
but sure wish I did; it's fuckin' fun to watch it move back and forth." He
grins at Kevin.
"Knock
yourself out; it feels really good. I like doing it too when I jack off; its
kinda fun to watch it. Besides, it feels good too."
Jake
pulls off the balls in his mouth and looks up, grinning.
"Yeah,
he has a foreskin fetish; he's constantly playing with mine. It's like he's
trying to do a fuckin' puppet show with it." They all laugh.
"Hey,
it's just fun to watch it move. And I'm not the only one; Mike enjoys the hell
out of it too; it's like he's talkin' to it." They all laugh again.
"Well
you've had your fun with it, move your hand; I want it back in my mouth."
"Greedy
little shit." Sean grins at him and moves his hand away.
Jake
winks at him and goes back down on Kevin's cock, sliding his mouth up and down
and then swirling his tongue around the entire length of it, then sucking some
more. Kevin starts moaning again and thrusting his hips up to meet Jake's
mouth. Jake sucks for another couple of minutes before pulling off and then
running his tongue up and down the entire length, starting at Kevin's balls and
finishing at the head, running his tongue around it a couple of times and doing
it all again.
"Oh
fuck! Yeah, Jakey, lick my fuckin' cock. That feels so good. Oh fuck yeah!"
Sean
grins at Kevin and then leans his head back down and takes Kevin's dick in his
mouth while Jake's at his balls. They kind of meet in the middle and Jake licks
the side of Sean's face and then goes back to Kevin's sack, sucking one of his
balls into his mouth. Kevin is moaning louder, thrusting his hips up to push
himself deeper into Sean's mouth.
Jake
and Sean spend another five minutes switching back and forth sucking Kevin's
dick and balls before he gives them a pre-emptive warning.
"Oh
fuck, I'm gonna fuckin' cum! God... Oh man... I'm gonna fuckin' cum, guys!"
Sean
pulls off and looks up at him, while grabbing Kevin's cock in his fist,
starting to stroke it.
"Fuck
yeah, dude; bust that fuckin' nut, boy."
Jake
pulls his face away to watch the show. Sean's stroking Kevin's dick and then starts
milking the head; Kevin's finished.
"Oh
fuck! Here it is. Fuck me..."
Sean
holds his dick straight up while still milking the head. The first salvo files
out about two feet into the air, and then sailing back down, lands with a splat
on Kevin's red bush. The second one is flying out before the first one has
landed, shooting about a foot into the air, sailing off to the side and landing
on the sleeping bag, right next to Kevin's thigh. The third salvo is right on
its heels, flying up about a foot as well, and landing on Kevin's treasure
trail. Jake has a hold of Kevin's balls while he's shooting and starts to
squeeze them a little, making Kevin moan loudly and fire another shot; this one
making it about seven or eight inches into the air and coming straight back
down onto Sean's fingers. The next two just kind of ooze out, spreading all
over Sean's fingers and down into Kevin's pubes. Kevin's panting and moaning
the entire time, his eyes closed, just enjoying his orgasm. When he's finally
spent himself, Sean gives his dick one last milk and then lowers his head down
and swipes up some of the load onto his tongue. He turns his face and reaches
up with his right hand, pulling Jake into him for a shared cum kiss. They make
out for about ten or fifteen seconds, passing Kevin's juice back and forth with
their tongues. Kevin happens to open his eyes and look down at them.
"Oh
fuck! That's fuckin' hot!"
Sean
pulls away from Jake and leans down, getting another load onto his tongue and turning
back to Jake. Jake meets him with his tongue already on the way into Sean's
mouth, and then sucks the cum off his tongue, making Sean and Kevin moan.
"Oh
man... Oh fuck, that's fuckin' hot to watch. I can't believe you guys are sharing
my fuckin' cum; that's fuckin' hot!"
Sean
breaks the kiss with Jake and goes back for another one, swiping up the load on
Kevin's trail and turning back to Jake, meeting his hungry mouth. They make out
another ten or fifteen seconds, sharing Kevin's milky cum. Sean breaks the kiss
again and looks at Kevin, grinning from ear to ear.
"You
wanna try some of this shit; it's fuckin' tasty as hell?"
"Fuck
yeah, bring it on. I've tried my own jizz before; it's not bad."
Sean
and Jake laugh and then Sean sweeps up another load from Kevin's trail,
bringing it up to Kevin's waiting mouth. Kevin meets his tongue, slamming his
own into Sean's mouth, tasting his own load and sucking it off Sean's tongue.
They both moan into each other's mouth while Jake's moaning a little himself watching
the action.
"Oh
fuck yeah, that's hot! Feed him his load, Sean; make him eat it."
Sean
pulls off Kevin's mouth and grins at him.
"Swallow
it, boy."
Kevin
grins at him and swallows hard, and then smacks his lips. Sean and Jake laugh.
"Not
bad... Like I said, I've tried it before. But I have to admit, it's a lot better
having it fed to me. That was fuckin' hot." He looks at Sean. "Get me another
one, boy."
"Oh
fuck yeah, you sexy little fucker. Be right back."
Sean
leans down and scoops up the load that landed on Kevin's bush, getting as much
of it as he can and bringing it back to Kevin's mouth. Kevin meets him and
shoves his tongue into Sean's mouth and moans. He spends about twenty seconds
sucking and licking around Sean's mouth, trying to get every drop. He breaks
the kiss, looks at Sean, grinning and swallows hard. Sean and Jake both moan.
"Fuck,
boy; you're just a cum hungry straight boy, aren't ya?"
Kevin
grins. "Hey, I just like my own; not sure about tryin' anyone else's."
"Yeah,
we'll see. When we get you back home you may be seein' what mine and Jake's
taste like."
"Yeah,
maybe; maybe not." He grins at both Jake and Sean.
"Damn,
you're a sexy little fucker when you grin like that."
Kevin
blushes and smiles at Sean. Sean leans forward and kisses him again, sliding
his tongue into Kevin's hungry mouth. They make out for about forty-five
seconds, moaning and panting. Sean breaks the kiss and looks at Jake, smiling.
"Come
give this boy a kiss; he's hungry." They all laugh.
Jake
leans forward and meets Kevin's mouth, both of them tongue wrestling for
domination. They make out for about thirty seconds before Kevin pulls back,
panting.
"Damn,
you're fuckin' good at that. Where'd you learn how to kiss like that?"
Jake
smiles at him. "Mikey."
"Fuck...
If he taught you, he must be fuckin' incredible at it; I may just have to try
him out, if he's willing."
Sean
laughs. "I don't think you'd have to ask more than once."
Kevin
blushes again. "So you two aren't the only ones who've been lustin' after me?"
Sean
grins. "I don't know, but I know Mikey; he likes `em young and hot and you
definitely qualify." Kevin blushes again, making Sean and Jake giggle.
"Well
if you've both been lustin' after me, why'd you wait so long to do anything?"
"We
were just waitin' for you to get curious enough to wanna try it. Teasin' ya is
one thing, but we're not just gonna start mackin' on ya; that's not cool."
Kevin
smiles. "Yeah, I guess I see your point; that wouldn't have been cool. Well, I
have to admit, I'm glad I finally got curious enough; that was fuckin' hot. And
you're right; you guys give incredible fuckin' world-class head. I can't
remember the last time I came that hard. Thanks guys."
"You're
welcome, dude. We loved every inch of it." Sean grins at him, making him blush
again.
"Well,
are you guys gonna get off now?"
"Nope,
this was all about you, brother. We're savin' up for Mike; he likes big loads."
Sean and Jake both giggle again.
"Well,
thanks again; that was great. We may have to do this again; but only somewhere
warmer. My fuckin' balls are already startin' to get cold. I think I'm gonna
pulls my shit up and try to get some sleep." He smiles at them. "Thanks guys."
Jake
smiles at him. "You're welcome, Kev; glad you enjoyed it."
"More
than any blowjob I've ever had."
Jake
smiles at him and watches as Kevin pulls his pants back up, buttoning up and
bringing his shirt and coat back down over his sticky tummy. Jake and Sean both
get snuggled down into their sleeping bags, trying to warm back up now that the
sex is over. The three of them all get comfy and look up at the roof of the
tent, moaning a little. They all giggle once.
About
an hour later, Jake is freezing his ass off and still hasn't gotten any sleep.
He leans his head up and looks at the other two.
"Are
you guys awake?"
Both
Kevin and Sean answer at the same time. "Yeah, it too fuckin' cold to sleep."
"Well,
I have an idea. Let's just zip two sleeping bags together and all three of us
can sleep in it; we can share each other's body heat. This is fuckin'
ridiculous; I'm freezin' my fuckin' ass off."
Kevin
answers first. "Fuck yeah, why didn't we think of that sooner? Hell, I learned
that in Boy Scouts."
Sean
can't resist. "So, you've been sleepin' with dudes since you were a boy, huh?
That explains a lot." Sean and Jake laugh.
"Fuck
you, blondie. I wasn't fuckin' `em; just sleeping with them. Fuckin' perv."
They
all laugh again and then climb out of their sleeping bags, taking Sean's and
Kevin's and zipping them together. They all climb in, snuggling up close to
each other and exhaling. Sean and Jake have Kevin sandwiched between them, all
of them facing the same direction. Sean giggles once.
"Much
better. I don't have to sleep alone and I get to suck off your body heat."
Kevin
smirks. "Just don't take all of it; I need some too."
Jake
giggles. "Would you two just fuckin' go to sleep? We have to be up in a few
hours and kick some Russian boy soldier ass. I'm not gettin' my ass kicked by
some wanna-be Marine because I didn't get any sleep."
Sean
laughs. "G'night Bam Bam; G'night Pebbles." They all laugh.
Kevin
turns his head to Sean. "Fuck you, Fred; I got your Bam Bam hangin'."
"Who
said you were Bam Bam?"
Jake
howls with laughter.
Kevin
smirks. "Fuck you. Go to sleep."
After
they giggle for a minute or so they finally manage to fall asleep. At 0500,
Major Benton is going around waking up his Marines. When he opens their tent he
just looks at them, grinning. His three Marines are cuddled up together, arms
thrown over each other, sleeping peacefully.
"Fuck,
leave it to these three to find a way to stay warm while the rest of us freeze
our asses off." He clears his throat kind of loudly and then grins, waiting for
the inevitable shocked reaction. "Uh Hmm! Are you three planning on joining us
today?"
Sean
looks up at him. "Good morning, Major."
"Are
you comfy, Lance Corporal?"
Sean
grins. "And warm too."
"Glad
to hear it. And unless you've got your cock buried in that boy's ass, I expect
you all to get up and get out here. You've got two minutes."
"Yes
Sir. And no, he wouldn't let me." The Major smirks. "I tried to tell him the
friction would keep him warm, but he wasn't buyin' it." Sean smiles and Major
Benton smirks again, grinning.
"Fucker...
Get up!"
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 16 (Chapter 3)

Chapter
16: First Times
With
Thanksgiving over and Christmas only a week away our lives were busy. I was
working twelve and fourteen hour days on the programming for a robot that had been
ordered by a company in Canada, while still maintaining household duties. I had
somehow elected myself stay-at-home wife; though I don't remember making a
conscience decision to do so. They both helped out a lot at home, but for the
most part I was cook, laundress and home repair dude, so my days were crammed
full right now. I was also in charge of Christmas; though thank God, Gretchen
was right there to do everything she could to help with that one. It had been
decided by all of us that we would have a German/American Christmas this year.
There weren't really massive differences but I was thankful she was there to
take care of the German side of things. It was the last Friday before Christmas
and Jake and Sean were getting ready to head out for a weekend training
exercise. I had the weekend to finish the programming, and with trying to get
that done and them ready to leave, I kind of lost focus; well OK, I just lost
it. Jake was the first one to walk into my office.
"Hey
Mikey, have you seen my grey thermal socks?"
"I
think they're in the dryer; give it a try."
"OK,
thanks." He was followed two minutes later by Sean.
"Hey
Mike? Have you seen my cammo backpack?"
"Last
I saw, it was hanging on the rack in the garage."
"Thanks."
Eight
minutes later Jake is back.
"Hey
Mike? Have you seen the black nylon rope that was in the garage?"
"Nope.
Check the trunk of the car; we might not have pulled it out of there from last
time."
"OK,
thanks, baby." Not forty seconds later Sean appeared.
"Hey
baby? Have you seen the black nylon rope that was hangin' in the garage?"
"I
just sent Jake out to try the car; ask him."
"OK,
thanks."
Ten
minutes so far without interruption. I had a small break, whew. I was in the
middle of trying to merge 245 lines of code when Sean walked back in.
"Hey
Mike, when's dinner?" I just looked up at him.
"Okay...
now's not a good time. Sorry I interrupted."
Three
minutes later I had a visitor; what a surprise! Jake walks in.
"Hey
Mikey, when's dinner?"
I
gave him the same look I'd given Sean. "Ask Sean"
"He's
not cookin'! I'd like to have good food before we leave."
"Don't
know what to tell ya."
"Well
what are you fixin'?"
I
jumped up out of my chair and grabbed him by the shirt front and hauled him out
to the kitchen. Sean was standing in front of an open refrigerator waiting for
divine intervention. I stopped and pulled Jake around to stand next to him.
Jake looked kind of scared; Sean looked confused.
"Look
around you! This is what's for fucking dinner! Whatever you can pull out and
fix is what you'll be eating. For fucks sake, guys, I'm really busy. I have 48
hours left to write and compile God knows how many more lines of fucking code.
Act like the men you are and figure some of this shit out. Please." I threw my
hands up in the air then turned around and headed back to my office. Back in
the kitchen, Sean spun on Jake.
"What
the fuck did you do to piss him off? I've never seen him mad before; what the
fuck, dude?"
"I
didn't do anything! I just asked him when dinner was."
Sean
thought about it a second. "Uh oh. I was just in there askin' the same fuckin'
thing. I think we fucked up, dude."
"I
was only asking about dinner; why would he get so mad about that? He always
fixes dinner."
"Think
about it, brother... How many times did you go in there askin' where shit was? I
think I was in there two or three times."
Jake
looked at him like he was dented in the head. "What the fuck do you mean? What
difference does it make? I only asked him a few times to help me find
something."
"Jake!
Wake the fuck up. He's been stressed about this fuckin' Canada shit for two and
half weeks. I think he finally snapped."
"Yeah,
but he does this shit for a living. Why would the Canada thing make him snap?"
"You
can't be serious!? The Canada thing didn't make him snap; we did! We walk
around here thinkin' he's gonna take care of everything for us. I think we
pushed him over the edge, dude."
Jake
thought for a second. "Oh! I get it. Oh, that's not good. We gotta go in and
apologize."
"Have
you completely lost your fuckin' mind? Either of us walks in that room right
now and we're dead meat."
"Well
what the fuck are we supposed to do, brain trust!? We have to tell him we're
sorry. I don't want him mad at us; it's kinda scary. Like you said, I've never
seen him mad before either."
"We
act like men, dill weed. We'll fix dinner and then when he's takin' a break or
something we'll take it to him and tell him we're sorry. And we can't ask him
where shit is; we gotta just find it ourselves. We gotta get this shit cleared
up before tomorrow mornin' or I'll be worryin' `bout it all fuckin' weekend."
"OK.
Sounds like plan. What the fuck do we make for dinner?"
Sean
thought about it. "Maybe orderin' out would be a better idea; we want him
happy, not sick."
"How
the fuck are we gonna order out? You speak German now?"
"Good
point. OK, we'll fix it ourselves. I've done this; I think I've gotten pretty
good at it."
Jake
shook his head. "I hate to break it to ya, brother, but we were just bein'
nice. Your cooking sucks, dude. I would've given anything for a dog to feed it
to under the table."
Sean
laughed. "That's kinda harsh, dude! But yeah, I kinda have to agree; I couldn't
stand the shit myself. So what the hell do we do?"
"We
just keep callin' places `til we find some fucker that speaks English. Get the
phone book and the phone."
"It's
in German too, fuck stick!"
"Well...
We'll just look through the ads and see what looks like it might be a good
place."
"Yeah,
OK."
When
I got back to my office I felt horrible for yanking Jake around and for yelling
at them. I was sitting there thinking what a shit I'd been when I heard them
talking. OK, so we've already established I have a small cruel streak in me, so
I listened in on their conversation when I could've gone back out and
apologized. And I'm sorry, but it was probably one of the funniest
conversations I've ever heard them have. I was fighting like hell to keep from
laughing several times. I mean here were two full grown men, Marines yet, that
were arguing over what'd gone so wrong to piss me off and how to fix a simple
dinner for us. I guess lucky for all of us they did find someone who spoke
fluent English on the third try; and oddly enough it was at a Chinese
restaurant. Then the arguments started over what to get me for dinner. I
couldn't stand it anymore, and I wanted something I actually liked. I walked
out to the kitchen with a hand-written note, handed it to Jake then turned
around and went back to my office.
"Mongolian
Beef, pork fried rice, two spring rolls and egg-drop soup." I heard Sean give
the order to the person on the other end of the line.
"Great!
Thank you! Do you deliver?" Something I was thinking should've been the first
question, but oh well, that's just me. Apparently he got an affirmative answer
because he gave them our address.  Sean hung up the phone and turned to
Jake.
"It'll
be here in thirty-five to forty minutes, dude. You got any money on ya?"
"Not
a lot; about fifteen Euros. How much you got?"
"'bout
ten, I think. Hold on a sec." He counted his cash. "I have eleven. Fuck, that
ain't enough, dude; the damn thing came to fifty-six Euros, plus we gotta give
the guy a fuckin' tip."
"Well
do you have any cash stashed away anywhere?"
"Why
the fuck would I keep cash stashed in my own home? We gettin' robbed?"
"For
emergencies, retard, what else?"
"Fuck
you. How much you got stashed away?"
Jake
was silent for about a full minute. "Uh... None."
"And
you're givin' me fuckin' shit about having emergency cash!? Goddamn! What the
fuck do we do now?" I was biting my finger by this point to keep from laughing.
"Let
me think..."
Total
silence followed for about two minutes. I took the opportunity to pull sixty
Euros out of my wallet and have it standing by. I wasn't getting anything done,
but I figured what the hell, I'd have all weekend in total silence to get it
done.
"Fuck,
dude, there's smoke pourin' outta your ears but ain't nothin' commin' outta
your mouth. What the fuck, dude?" Sean was getting desperate.
"Shut
the fuck up; how can I think with you yellin' at me! Besides, there ain't a
fuckin' thing we can do; we don't have any money. We have to go tell him."
I
couldn't stand it anymore. I got up and walked out to the kitchen, trying to
keep a poker face. I didn't want them knowing how funny I found all of this. I
had the money stuck between two fingers and walked up to them. I held it out to
Sean. He looked really sheepish and took the money. I then lifted Jake's wallet
out of his pocket, opened it up and pulled out his debit card I'd had sent to
him six months ago. I held it up to him with two fingers and then set his
wallet on the counter and returned to my office. I sat back at my computer in
case they came in, but I had a huge shit-eating grin on my face. Jake's debit
card actually reminded me. I pulled up my account at the bank and had Sean
added to it; a nice, new shiny debit card was being sent to him. The one really
nice thing was that for the next forty minutes there was complete and total
silence in the house. I had no idea what they were doing but they were being
incredibly quiet about it.
At
1833 I heard someone knocking on the front door, followed by feet running to
the door. At 1835 I heard the following conversation.
Jake.
"Did we get everything we ordered?"
"I
think so. Hold on a second. Yeah, looks like it. Did you get the table set?"
"No...
I thought you said you'd set the table."
"No,
I said I'd get the food ready when it got here."
"What
the fuck do you need to get ready, it's in fuckin' boxes, dude? We need
plates."
"No
shit; that's why I thought you were setting the table."
"Whatever...
Let's just set the fuckin' table and eat this shit. I'm sick of worryin' about
it. My stomach's in a fucking knot that would hold up a tank."
"Mine
too. Let's get this shit goin'."
I
heard plates and silverware being set out, then the ice maker and three glasses
being filled with ice; followed by silence for about two minutes, then Sean.
"You
wanna go get him or should I?"
"I
don't really wanna walk in there right now. You do it."
"How
`bout we both go, and we can tell him we're sorry at the same time."
"OK."
I
was actually doing work when they walked in, but was really glad to see them. I
turned around in my chair when they came in. They both just stood inside the
doorway, looking a little nervous.
"It's
OK, guys. Hey, I'm really sorry I yelled at you; I had no business doing that.
And Jake, can you ever forgive me for yanking you out to the kitchen?"
"No,
Mike, we're the ones that owe you an apology. We're sorry. We're really sorry
we were buggin' you while you were tryin' to work. We're sorry we don't help
you more around the house. We'll do more from now on; it's not your job to play
mommy to us. We're sorry, baby." Jake looked at me when he was done talking.
"Everything
he just said plus a huge I love you thrown on top." Sean smiled at me.
"Apology
accepted. And I am very sorry I yelled; and even sorrier I got physical with
you, Jacob. It made me feel like crap when I was done; I don't know why people
do it all the time sayin' it makes you feel better to get it out. They're full
of shit. Now how about a group hug and we go eat dinner while it's still kinda
hot?"
I
walked over to them and we all held each tightly for a minute. Jake looked at
me when we pulled apart.
"I
have to admit, you scared the crap outta me when you grabbed my shirt, but I
understand why you did it. Apology accepted, baby."
"I
promise you, Jake, it will never, ever happen again; I feel horrible about it.
Thank you for accepting my apology. Will you forgive me? Please?"
"Of
course I forgive you; don't be dumb. I love you; always. Let's go eat." I held
Jake's waist and we walked out to the dining room and sat down to dinner. We
had a nice dinner together, and none of us had to cook it.
Jake
was looking at me and smiling, thank God. "Hey, why did you pull out the debit
card from my wallet? We needed cash, not plastic."
I
smiled back at him. "Baby, you can use it when you order the food. You can even
put the tip on it if you don't wanna give the guy cash when he gets here. I
looked at the bank records after I got back in the office; you've never even
used the thing. Why not?"
"I've
never needed it. I just use my Marine pay when I buy stuff. I get cash from the
ATM on base then just buy whatever I want."
"OK.
I was gonna say why not use the card, but we've had that conversation way too
many times. I understand." He smiled at me.
"What
debit card are you talkin' `bout Jake? We only have an ATM card for military
pay; I don't think you can use it like a debit card, dude."
I
jumped on that one. "Sean, he has a debit card that I gave him; and one just
like it is on the way to you. I never even thought about it before today; I'm
sorry."
"Thanks,
but how can you send me a debit card for my military pay?"
"Baby,
it's not for military pay; it's on an account I setup when I first moved here.
Think of it as family money. You can use it for whatever you want to use it
for; like ordering Chinese food. Or hell, if you want to buy a car, use the
card; the money's there for all of us."
"A
car!? Just how much fuckin' money is on the card?"
"Oh
shit, here we go... There's currently 287,388 Euros in that account." Jake smiled
at me knowing what was coming next.
"Holy
Fuck! And you just had them send me a debit card on that account? Why would you
do that? He spun to Jake. "And you! You have access to over 280,000 Euros and
we were scrounging for cash to pay for dinner?"
Jake
beat me to it this time. "I never use the damn thing; I forgot I had it.
Besides, I didn't know we could order take-out with the damn thing. Quit givin'
me shit!"
"Sean,
it doesn't matter. He forgot he had the card; it's not a big deal."
"How
do you forget 280,000 bucks? Fuck, that's like a life-time of Marine pay!"
"Well,
now you have a life-time of Marine pay to spend however you want; and you
didn't even have to pull more than four years." I smiled at him.
"What're
you talkin' about?"
"When
the debit card gets here you will have full access to every dime in that
account. Spend it however you want; it's there for that. It's there for any of
us to use however we want to use it. Don't worry about it. Don't tell me not to
do it. Don't say I shouldn't do it. Don't tell me you don't want me to do it.
Just take the card and use it whenever you feel like it. And if you accuse me
of trying to buy you I will dump your ass back in the snow." I grinned at him.
He
just sat, looking dumbfounded at me. Jake had a big shit-eating grin on his
face; he was happy this wasn't about him.
"But...."
"Just
don't say it. Think it. Write about it. Do anything else, but do not say it."
I
just looked at him. Jake was pretty happy with himself. Sean looked like he
wanted to talk but couldn't start the sentence without saying `but'.
"OK.
Thank you. What kinda car you want for Christmas?" He grinned at me.
"I
have the one I want. Buy yourself one if you want. If it's more than what is in
the account let me know; I'll put more in." I grinned at him.
That
one wiped the grin right off his face; he was back to dumbfounded.
"Sean,
please don't start this conversation. I know you don't have the benefit of
having been here for the one with Jake, but please believe me, you aren't gonna
win. Just accept the fact of the money. It's not a big deal, it's just money. I
love you more than I love the money. I wanna share it with you; it's yours to
spend. You said thank you, that's all that required. Who's doin' dishes?"
They
both jumped up and started clearing the table. I knew there would be long talks
about this in the kitchen and this weekend, but I didn't care as long as I
didn't have to be in on them. I got up and went to our bedroom. It was amazing;
it was spotless. I almost looked on the doorframe to make sure I had the right
address. Wow. They still had their bags out, packing, so I thought I'd be a
good guy and finish it for them. I owed them that much for all the trouble I'd
caused earlier. I was just finishing up when they walked in.
"You
don't have to do that, we'll do it." Jake looked at me with a shy smile.
"It's
OK, baby, I wanted to. The sooner you guys are packed the more time we get to
spend together. And thank you; it looks incredible. You guys do nice work."
"You're
welcome. We decided we'd help you out a little this weekend even though we
won't be here." Sean grinned at me.
"Looks
damn good. Thank you both very much. I really didn't mean to imply that you
guys need to do more around here. I was just stressed and took it out on you.
I'm sorry. I really don't mind doing work around here; it makes me happy to
take care of you both. I was just feeling overwhelmed; work, Christmas and you
guys leaving for the weekend. I won't turn down offers of help, for damn sure,
but don't feel like you have to ease my workload. You don't. I'm not normally
this busy with work, so don't worry about it. OK?"
Sean
walked up to me. "It ain't gonna work, so don't even try it. You do all kinds
of shit around here and we started takin' you for granted. That stops now. We
will help whenever and wherever needed. You tell us all the time that we're
equal partners. Well we haven't been. You do most of the stuff around the
house; how equal is that?" He put his hands on my shoulders and looked into my
eyes, challenging me to dispute this.
"You
guys work all day." I started.
"So
do you."
"Your
work is more physical."
"We're
younger. Sorry, I never thought I'd say that, but it is true."
I
smiled at him. "Yeah, it is; don't be sorry. I'm home all day and can get things
done."
"We're
home by 1730; still plenty of time to get stuff done, and most weekends."
"I'm
anal about shit."
"We've
noticed. We can learn." We both smiled.
"You
think you're gonna win this one."
"I
know I will."
I
looked at him and thought about it for a minute. "OK." I conceded. He was
getting good at this.
"OK."
He
pulled me into him and kissed me hard. He was good at that too. Jake stood by
the door shaking his head and grinning. I think he was as happy about having
someone willing to argue with me as he was about the kiss. Sean and I broke the
kiss, turned around, walked up to Jake, kissed him, then took his arms and
lifted him up and hauled him to the front door. He started yelling and
laughing. We set him down, smacked him on the ass and took off running. The
chase and the games were on. We had a great Friday night, followed by our
normal sad training day Saturday morning when we had to say goodbye for two
days.
I
spent all weekend getting my work done while Gretchen did a lot of the planning
and prepping for Christmas dinner. By 1840 Sunday evening when my two men got
home I was done and had e-mailed the program to John. It would pretty much have
to be tested on the production line; they had two days before production was to
begin. I didn't want to go through that again for awhile; but it was worth 16
million in new revenue to the company so I wasn't too upset. I was done with
that stupid program and my boys were home. Christmas was in three days and
everything was pretty much on schedule. We had what had become our ritual
training Sunday night orgy. The Marines had even given us two days for
Christmas; including Christmas Eve this year. Made me wish it were on Friday so
we'd have a four-day weekend; we could've gone somewhere.
Something
was in the air on Wednesday night. I just wasn't sure what it was until Jake
said he was going to spend the night with Kevin.
"Is
Kevin OK?"
"Yeah,
he's fine."
"Then
why are you spending the night; you've never done it before? I mean, I don't
care if you spend the night, baby, it just seems odd"
"I
just thought it sounded fun. He has a new game for his X-Box and we're gonna
break it in."
I
just looked at him trying to figure out what he was up to. "You usually do that
here on yours. You said Gretchen's T.V. sucks; that it's heavy as shit and even
has tubes."
He
laughed. "Well it does, but I thought I'd give it another try."
"What
are you up to? You've been plottin' something for a month; I can feel it."
He
smiled at me but didn't say anything for a few moments. "OK, I have been
plotting. This is my Christmas gift to you and Sean. I want you two to spend
the night together."
"We
spend every night together, baby."
"No...
just the two of you. You and I had time of just `us'; you haven't had that with
Sean. I want you guys to have a night alone. I want you to make love to each
other."
"Oh
baby, you don't have to do that. We love having it just like it is; all of us."
"It's
not the same, Mikey. Remember our first night together?"
"I'll
never forget it."
"Well
I want you and Sean to have that same kind of experience; to really, truly bond
and fall in love."
"Oh...
Jacob, that's not necessary. We've bonded and we love each other. I can't
imagine my life without him. But we don't have to have a romantic evening to
seal the deal, so to speak."
"I
want this for you guys. Please just say yes."
"Why
are you pushing this so hard? It kind of scares me, Jake; it's like you're
trying to make sure Sean and I have each other in case you're gone some day."
"No
baby! Oh God, no. I just want you two to have what you and I have. I'm never
going anywhere; never. You're the love of my life; for life. I just need to do
this. I can't really say why, I just need too. I need you guys to be the same
as you and I are. Please, just let me do this for you. Please, Michael."
I
looked him in the eyes, trying to get a grip on what he was saying; what he was
really saying. I knew he'd pushed Sean and me together from the beginning. I
always thought it was because he couldn't be without Sean and needed me to feel
the same way. Now I was starting to understand that he, for some reason, had
this incredible need for Sean and me to be like he and I. That there would never
be a third; we'd be like two couples, only with three people.
"I
think I'm starting to understand, baby; tell me if I'm anywhere close. You want
Sean and me to be a couple like you and I are a couple; so there's never any
third person; just two couples that happen to be made up of three people?"
"Exactly!
I knew I married a smart guy. Yeah baby, that's exactly what I mean. I don't
want there to be a third; it makes it sound like an afterthought, like it's not
intentional. I don't want that."
I
smiled at him, still staring into those beautiful brown eyes of his. When I was
twenty-one years old I could never have been as giving or as sure of myself and
my partner as he is. I admired him for it. He is the one person I've met in my
life, including Sean, that was just truly giving of his love, and wanted those
around him to feel love the same way. To be immersed in it.
"Well
you might have married smart, but I married beautiful. And not just physically;
you have a beautiful soul Jacob Robert Harrison. I love you; always and
forever."
"So
you really understand?"
"I
do, Jake. Thank you. It's the most precious gift I've ever been given; even by
you. To love someone; to express love for someone with total immersion is what
you're doing, and you're leading me to the same place; with Sean and with you."
He
just got a beautiful smile on his face and nodded. "You do understand..." He
leaned forward and kissed me softly. "I love you." He ran his hands slowly down
my face then turned, grabbed his backpack and walked out to the garage to get
his bike.
I
was still just standing in the living room looking towards the garage door,
with a look of, wonder I guess, when Sean walked in. He stopped about two feet
to my left.
"Are
you alright, Mikey?"
I
turned to look at him. He was every bit as beautiful as the man who had just
left the room. "Yeah... Yeah, I'm good. I'm very good actually."
"What's
going on? You look like you just had a religious experience or somethin'."
"I
think I just may have. Jacob just showed me what true love is really all about;
how to love someone with no reservations whatsoever; how to love them with
purity of heart and soul. It's amazing how simple he makes it all sound. Like
we've both said, he has a magical way of cutting through the bull-shit in life.
Sean... Jacob is the first person I've ever met who really does know the true
definition of love."
Sean
walked over to me and pulled me into his arms and held me. Not a bear hug, but
just held me. "I know, Michael. I know all too well. I experienced it the first
time that horrible day in Afghanistan." We just stood there for awhile; Sean
holding me in his arms. When he pulled back a little he looked at me and gave
me a small, `private' kind of smile. "He wants us to have that same kind of
love, doesn't he?"
"Yeah,
he does. He's gone to Kevin's to spend the night. He wants us to make love with
each other; to bond, to make love and have the same kind of first night he and
I had. He wants us to be a couple like he and I are so there are no thirds, so
there is no third person; just us. So it's Sean and Mike and Jake and Mike; two
couples, three people."
"That
sounds like him. Do you want that too?"
"Yes.
Do you?"
"Yes."
I
looked at Sean and smiled. "Hold me again. Please, just for awhile longer." He pulled
me back in his arms and just held me. No words were spoken between us; just
feeling each other's heartbeat.
After
our hug I went to the kitchen to get dinner ready to serve. Sean set the table
for just the two of us. I brought the food out and we had a nice dinner. I
don't know if you could call it romantic, we just talked about general stuff.
We asked questions about each other's life before we met; tried to learn more
about each other. We'd had a few talks like this before since we'd known each other,
but this more personal. Asking about things like first loves and best friends
growing up. It was actually a really nice conversation and I enjoyed it a lot,
and learned some new things about Sean in the process. When we were done with
dinner we got things cleaned up; with me rinsing and loading the dishwasher
while Sean brought things to me and cleaned the table.
I
wanted this to go as naturally as possible, but for some reason it felt a
little forced. Like we were expected to hop into bed and fuck each other's
brains out. I decided I'd make some cappuccinos and we had them out on the back
patio and talked some more until we started freezing our asses off. When we got
back inside Sean stoked the fire in the fireplace and we stood in front of it
and tried to thaw out a little. We just stood there letting the fire warm us;
we didn't really talk much or hold hands or anything.
I
looked over at Sean. "This all seems kind of forced, doesn't it? Like we know
we're supposed to do something but it's not feeling natural."
"Yeah,
I guess that's what it is. I feel a little uncomfortable for some reason, and
I've never felt uncomfortable before when I knew we were goin' to make love. It
always makes me really happy actually."
I
thought about it for a few moments. "I have an idea. Come with me, baby."
I
reached out and took his hand in mine and led him in front of the couch. I
stopped and let go of his hand and started pulling the couch cushions off and
throwing them on the floor, lining them up like a small bed. He looked over at
me and grinned. I knew what he was thinking but that really wasn't it.
"I
recognize that grin, baby; but I hate to tell ya, that's not what this is."
"OK,
then what're you doin' throwin' cushions on the floor?"
"You'll
find out. Be patient, baby, it only gets better from here."
I
walked up to him and pulled him to me. I kissed him lightly on the mouth and
pulled back. I reached down and tugged the t-shirt out of his cammo pants. I
got it over his head, threw it onto the recliner and then dropped down to my
knees and untied his shoes.
"So
far this is goin' exactly like the grin on my face was suggestin'" He looked
down at me and gave me a lewd grin.
"I
don't go this fast when I'm trying to seduce you. This is just to get your
clothes off for other things. Lift your foot up."
He
smiled at me and lifted his left foot up and I took his tennis shoe off. We did
the same for the one on the right then I reached up with my hands, undid the
buttons on his pants and just pulled them down to his ankles. He lifted his
feet one by one again and I pulled his pants off his legs and threw them over
to the recliner. When I turned my face back to him I was lined up with his
crotch; and sure enough he was growing. Only a semi at the moment but it was
getting a little bigger in his tighty whiteys. I did my best to ignore it and
looked up at him and smiled. He had a huge grin on his face.
"Stop
looking at me like you think I'm about to stick your cock in my mouth. Believe
me, baby, that's gonna happen, but not right now. Get on your knees and join me
down here, please."
He
dropped to his knees and was kneeling in front of me; about a foot away from my
face. I leaned forward and gave him another light kiss.
"Now
lie down on the cushions, face down, please."
He
smiled lewdly at me again and then did what I'd asked. When he was lying down
and comfy, his legs spread just a little and that incredible ass of his
sticking out in those white briefs I almost moaned.
"Damn,
baby, that's nice. OK, hold it right there for just a minute; don't move, I'll
be right back."
I
jumped up and went to our room and shucked all of my clothes off and pulled on
a pair of cotton gym shorts. I grabbed the lotion off the dresser, and then I
grabbed a tube of lube and jammed it in my pocket on the way back to the living
room. Why make two trips? When I got back to the living room he was in the
exact same position I'd left him in. One thing about my two guys, they always
followed orders to the letter. I dropped down to my knees beside him and set
the lotion on the floor next to his right leg. I straddled him and sat my ass
down on his. That was kind of nice just by itself. He giggled.
"Oooo
baby. I knew you liked my ass but you've never just sat on it before."
"I
love your ass, but I have other plans. Shut up and enjoy."
I
grabbed the lotion and got my hands all slippery then ran a bead down the
middle of his back. He hadn't seen the lotion and was a little shocked. He
yelped and shivered.
"Damn,
baby, your cum is usually a lot warmer than that; you were outside too long."
I
laughed, I couldn't help it. "It's not cum, you goof, its lotion. Just relax
and enjoy. You're about to get a full body massage from someone that's been told
numerous times that he does it better than most. Just relax, baby; this is all
about you."
"Mmmmmm,
OK."
I
leaned forward, my own semi hard dick pressing into his ass, which made him giggle
again, and started on his neck. I then worked his shoulders and back to his
neck and around behind his ears. He was moaning and telling me how good it
felt. I ran my hands down lower and started swirling the lotion around all over
his back and then, starting at his shoulders, did a slow deep massage all over
his back; never going below his waistline because I was still sitting there. I
did his entire back for about twenty minutes before I decided it was time to go
lower. I was saving the best for last, so I just swung my leg over him and
kneeled next to him on the floor. I grabbed the lotion again and ran a bead
down his left leg. He shivered again. I guess next time I might warm it up a
little first. Like I've said, I am not a foot guy by any stretch of the
imagination, so I pretty much just gave his feet a cursory massage. I started
getting serious again on his ankles, up through his calves and on up to his
thighs, not going anywhere near the bulge that was visible between his legs. I
spent about fifteen minutes on each leg before I was satisfied that he was
ready for the next stage.
I
reached up with my right hand and tugged at the back of his underwear, just
pulling them down enough to reveal that incredible ass of his. I looked for a
minute and decided this wasn't going to work unless I at least pulled them down
to his ankles, or better still, just off his body. I decided off would be best;
for both of us.
"Lift
your ass up, you sexy fucker."
He
giggled and complied and I pulled the white briefs down over his hard cock and
then down his legs and off his feet. I decided what the hell; I had them in my
hands, so I took a deep, long sniff of the crotch. Mmmmm yeah, smelled just
like him, and just like sweaty cock and pre-cum. He giggled again.
"You're
sniffin' my drawers, aren't ya?"
"I
sure the fuck am, baby; couldn't pass up the chance." He giggled again.
"You
can keep `em if you want. From me to you, baby."
"Thank
you. I will."
I
set his underwear down right in front of the couch and then squirted a big load
of lotion on my hands and rubbed them together. I guess it wasn't nice to keep
laying beads of cold lotion on him. I got the lotion all warmed up and then ran
my hands along his waist then down the sides of his cheeks, across the bottom
and then up along each side of his crack. I then coated his entire ass in
lotion and started a deep tissue massage on his ass cheeks. I'd never got to
spend this much time just rubbing and kneading his ass before and I was having
a blast. To think that five months ago I couldn't even dream of doing this to
him, here I was and he was moaning and loving every squeeze, rub, grab and
light finger rubs I could come up with.
"Damn,
baby, I never thought a butt massage would feel so good. Damn..."
"You
like that huh? Well you have to remember the glutes are a pretty serious muscle
group; they need to be worked out just as much as the others."
"Yeah,
but you're havin' way more fun than any masseuse I've ever had."
"Oh
hell yeah. I've always loved your ass, baby; now I get to run my hands all over
it; feeling the muscle, the texture and the sexy blond fuzz. I'm a pretty happy
guy."
He
giggled and then moaned as I stuck my fingers deep into his left cheek and
rubbed back and forth. I think I'd spent about a half-hour on his ass before I
was ready to give it up. It was time for the front and this was where both of
us were going to be challenged to get through with it before it turned sexual.
"OK
baby, roll over. It's time for the front."
"You
gonna sit on me again?"
"I'd
planned to."
"Oh
hell yeah, this is where it could really get fun; your ass pressing against my
cock."
"Yeah,
well, we gotta try to be good for at least long enough to get your chest and
abs, don't we?"
"I'll
let ya know."
He
rolled over and got situated on his back, and once comfy looked at me, grinned
then looked down his own torso then back up at me. I knew where he was looking.
I just smiled at him.
"I
know he's there, baby; he's really hard to miss. I'll make him happy, I
promise."
I
straddled his cock and sat down on it. I was still wearing my shorts, but I
could sure as hell feel him pressing up into me. With eight inches of 24-year
old horny Marine cock it was really difficult not to.
I
tried my best to ignore the feelings running throughout my ass and grabbed the
lotion and squirted a big glob onto my hands and warmed it a little. I leaned
forward and started with his shoulders again. I tried not to lean to far
forward because I knew it would result in a kiss, which would lead to a
passionate kiss, which would lead to hot sweaty man-sex. I concentrated and
just started rubbing his shoulders then down to his chest, across his nipples
then back and forth and down his sides, then over to the middle. I ran my
fingers lightly up his treasure trail all the way back to his neck. He moaned
and thrust up into my ass again. I ignored it as well as I could and started
the same routine all over his chest and abdomen; doing the treasure trail thing
again. I spent about twenty minutes on his torso then stopped and looked at
him, smiling. His eyes were closed and he looked like he was in a really nice
place. When he realized I hadn't resumed my touching and massaging he opened
his eyes and looked at me.
I
smiled at him. "Hi sexy. We're at a crossroads here. I can do your legs like I
did on the back then work my way back to your cock, or we can skip the legs and
I can start the mouth massage on the cock that's trying to bury itself in my
ass."
He
smirked. "Ooo, we do have a dilemma. The leg massage felt pretty good, but, I
don't know... that mouth-cock massage sounds fuckin' incredible." He smiled up at
me and winked.
"I
guess that pretty well solves it."
He
nodded slowly then made his cock jump. I wiggled my ass on him and then got off
and kneeled next to him on my arms and knees, sticking my ass in the air. His
hand went to my ass immediately and grabbed it and then started kneading it.
Mmmm that felt sooooo good. I lowered my head down and just ran my tongue the
length of his cock, starting at the head and working down to his balls, running
my tongue between the two and then back to the base of his cock. He shuddered
and moaned. I then ran my tongue back and forth and around the base, then back
up the shaft. I kissed the head of his dick, then stuck my tongue in his piss
slit and wiggled it around a few times, running it in circles. He moaned again
and I tasted a gift of pre-cum on my tongue. I then pursed my lips and just
started pushing his flaring mushroom head in and out of my lips, but never
taking him in past the head. I did this about six or seven times. He kept
trying to push his cock into my mouth but I'd pull away when he did.
He
couldn't stand it any longer. "Oh God, baby, please take it. I need to feel you
take my cock. Please, just let him in."
I
kissed the head then just sank down on him; taking his cock as far as I could.
He grunted. I held him in my mouth for a couple of seconds then very slowly
came back up to the head. I licked around the head a couple of times then
slowly took him back in. While I had his cock buried in my mouth I started
moving my tongue back and forth, sweeping it across his dick. He moaned and
grunted. I did this several times and then slowly came back up. I kept the head
of his cock in my lips and swirled my tongue around there too. After I did this
a couple of times I just started sucking up and down, over and over, keeping a
smooth steady rhythm for about four or five minutes. He was moaning, and
kneading and grabbing my ass. I pulled off his cock with a nice good plop and
then ran my tongue all the way up his treasure trail to his neck, then came up
the underside of his neck and landed on his mouth. He buried his tongue down my
throat trying to get a taste of his own cock. We made out and licked each for
about three or four minutes.
"Take
those fuckin' shorts off, Mikey, I want your cock; how `bout we 69?"
"Fuck
yeah, baby."
I
reached down and yanked my shorts off and then spun around so were in a 69 with
me on top. That's what I'd wanted anyway; it made it easier to deep throat him.
I struggled with that eight inches of his in any other position, but this one I
had it made. I got myself positioned over his cock and just went down. I took
that fucking thing all the way to his pubes and just held it there for about
ten seconds.
He
grunted loudly. "Oh fuckin' A, baby! Oh my God, nobody has ever deep-throated
me like you do. God, that's fuckin' great!"
When
he was done talking he took my cock into his mouth and took about five of my
seven inches and just started suckling on it. It felt awesome. He was holding
it in his mouth, running his tongue around and then sucking it like it was a
piece of candy. I moaned and pulled my mouth off his cock.
"Oh
fuck yeah. Damn that feels good. It's like you're suckin' on candy, baby."
I
took his cock back in all the way to his balls and then just started sucking up
and down, going all the way then pulling back up. I loved it. I loved his big
cock; and I loved it in my throat even more. After a couple of minutes I pulled
off his cock and went for his balls. I pulled them one at time into my mouth
and would press my lips together hard and yank on them like I did with Jake. He
groaned on my cock; that felt just as good as the candy sucking thing he was
doing. I moaned on his testicle, dropped it then pulled the other one in and
did the same thing to it. I did this a couple of times then went back to that
big juicy cock and started sucking it some more. While I was sucking his cock I
felt him pull off of mine and then lick my balls a couple of times. It felt
damn good, but then he reached behind me with his hands and grabbed my ass
cheeks and spread them apart. It got my attention fast. I was wondering; would
he really do this? I didn't have to wait very long for the answer.
The
next thing I knew I felt a hot tongue flick over my hole. Oh man! Then another
hot flick of the tongue, and then he just started licking all around my hole,
down my perineum and then back to my hole. This was amazing for several
reasons, not the least of which, it felt fucking awesome. I guess the master
pussy eater was going to try some ass tonight.
I
pulled off his cock for a second. "Oh fuck, baby, that feels fuckin' awesome."
I
took his cock back in my mouth and started deep-throating him again. I then
felt his tongue tentatively push at my hole. I relaxed my ass as much as I
could and it slipped in just a little more. He kept it there for a couple of
seconds then started swishing his tongue all around my hole again. Oh hell,
that felt so good. I decided I needed some ass for myself so I pulled my mouth
off his cock, reached under his legs with my arms and pulled his legs up so his
ass turned up to meet my mouth. I wasn't nearly as hesitant. I locked my mouth
over his hole and just started tongue fucking him for all I was worth. He
grunted then said "Oh fuck..." then swished around my hole a couple of times
before he did the same thing to me. He just locked his mouth on my hole and
went ass munchin'. It felt fucking fantastic. I groaned into his hole but just
kept licking and fucking his hole with my tongue. We ate each other's asses for
about six or seven minutes, and he was every bit as good as he said he was at
eating pussy. I was in heaven. I had one of the hottest asses I'd ever laid
eyes on in my face and his mouth was on mine. Oh hell yeah...
He
pulled off my ass first, then took my cock back in his mouth and started
sucking me off again. I licked a few more times on his ass then pulled off.
"Fuck
baby, you are a master pussy eater; that was fuckin' totally awesome. Damn..."
I
felt him smile on my cock but he kept right on sucking. I went back down on him
and took him all the way in a few more times, then just set up a nice rhythm.
We sucked each other for about seven or eight more minutes before he started to
roll to his right, basically making both of us fall off the cushions. When we
landed I pulled off his cock and untangled myself from his legs. I was laying
there on the floor with my head still resting on this thigh, his big cock
inches from my mouth. I felt him lean up on his arm. I turned and looked at
him. He had a big smile on his face.
"Fuck,
dude; that was kick ass! You're right though, it's just like eatin' pussy, just
without all the noise and no clit to worry about."
I
laughed. "Well I coulda started screamin' and moanin' but I didn't want to
distract ya."
"I'm
glad. That was good; and fuck baby, you are a fuckin' master at that. My ass
feels so good right now." Then he got kind of a serious look on his face. "I
want you to fuck me, Mikey."
I
just looked at him, shocked. "Are you sure? That's a hellva jump, baby, from
lickin' ass to wantin' a cock shoved in yours."
He
thought for a few seconds. "Yeah, I'm sure. I've thought about it a couple of
times. You and Jakey keep tellin' me how good it feels; I'm ready to find out."
He smiled at me.
"OK.
Well actually, fuckin' hell yeah, baby; I'd love to. But I want you to be
absolutely sure; and I want to do it where I can see your face. I wanna know
how you're doin' as I go in."
"Sounds
good. How do you wanna do it; me on my back with my legs up?"
"Ultimately
yes; that's my favorite position. But let's start with you riding me; it gives
you complete control over everything that way."
He
got a big grin on his face. He was anxious to try this. I reached over and
grabbed the shorts I'd pulled off and got the tube of lube out of the pocket. I
held it up and he started giggling.
"You're
like a fuckin' boy scout; always prepared."
"Not
as much as I thought I was; this was actually intended for my ass."
"Looks
like there's enough in there for both; get that fuckin' tube open and let's get
on with this."
I
grinned at him then took the cap off and squirted some onto my index finger. I
was already at his crotch so I just had him pull his leg up more so I had easy access
to his ass. I slid my finger around his hole a couple of times, then I put a
little more lube on it and went back and pressed my finger at his hole; not
trying to go in, but just applying some pressure. His asshole slammed shut, and
then he grinned at me and relaxed. I wiggled my finger around his hole a little
then pushed in again. I slipped in to the first knuckle. I stopped and wiggled
my finger just a little; trying to get him used to having something in his ass.
He exhaled and relaxed a little more. I slid my finger in to the second
knuckle. His ass clamped onto my finger and I stopped.
"Just
relax, baby; I know this feels weird. Just breathe and relax." He nodded his
head, smiled and exhaled again. I felt his ass muscles relax and I pushed in the
rest of the way. He grunted. "Breathe and relax, Sean. Just breathe, baby. I
won't do anything more until you're ready.
"That
feels fuckin' weird as fuck, dude. But when I relax a little it sorta feels
kinda nice. I know you've had your finger in there before getting me to cum
really hard, but this is different `cause I know where it's leading."
"I
know, baby; just relax. It's more a mind game for you than a physical thing.
Your ass is just like mine and Jake's; it can take much more than this. It's
just your head gettin' in the way, baby."
"OK.
OK, I can do this."
He
smiled at me then exhaled again and relaxed his ass for me. I slid my finger in
and out slowly a few times. He nodded at me and smiled. I slid it in and out
several more times then started twisting it around side to side a little. He
moaned. I slid it in and out some more, adding the wiggle to it with each
stroke. He moaned again and looked at me and smiled. I smiled back while I was
running my finger around inside of him. I then started doing Jake's bend and
tug motion on him. He grunted and moaned.
"Damn,
that felt kinda good."
"It's
Jake's favorite move. I thought I'd try it out and see how you liked it; I love
it when he does that."
"Yeah,
it feels good.'
He
smiled at me and exhaled again. I felt him relax a little more and just started
wiggling my finger around inside him; adding twisting, bending and tugging
motions. After a few minutes of this I thought I'd try a second finger. Instead
of pulling out I grabbed the lube with my other hand and squirted some on my
middle finger while I held my index finger in him. I set the lube down right
under his ass and then slid my middle finger in him to join the other one while
I was on an out-stroke. He moaned and grunted and then tightened up.  I
looked up at him and smiled.
"Breathe
and relax, you sexy fucker; this is gonna feel good, I promise."
He
smiled and nodded at me. I began moving both fingers in deeper and then turned
them back and forth while buried all the way. He grunted and moaned loudly. I
smiled up at him then pulled my fingers back to the first knuckle then slid
them in quickly. He grunted and clamped down on them. He exhaled a couple of
times then relaxed his ass for me. I started moving my fingers in and out at a
steady pace five or six times, then added some twisting and bending to it. He
moaned and then smiled at me. I did a bend and tug, then went back to just
sliding them in and out; adding speed and twisting each thrust. I did this for
about two or three minutes. I grabbed the lube again and added some to my ring
finger and had it waiting at his hole when I pulled the first two to the edge.
I just added the third, sneaking it in when I was going back on the in-stroke.
He moaned and grunted. He only clamped down now for a second or two at a time,
then he'd relax and let me do my thing. I finger fucked him for about five more
minutes, using my whole bag of tricks before I pulled my fingers out. I grabbed
my shorts and wiped my fingers off on them then rolled onto my back.
I
looked at him and smiled. "You ready for this?"
"Yeah,
let's do it. Whadda want me to do?"
"Straddle
me, but stay on your feet and just squat over me. Don't come down yet. I gotta
get some lube goin' here."
He
laughed and I got some lube on my fingers and rubbed it into my aching cock,
then put a big glob on the head of my dick. I got my dick all greased up while
he was getting in position. When he was squatting over me he looked down at me
and stuck his tongue out at me.
"Nice,
but I know where it's been." We both laughed. "That's it baby; just keep this
whole thing relaxed and funny if necessary. Like I've told Jake numerous times,
sex can be funny and fun; doesn't have to be so serious." I put some more lube
on my index finger while I was talking and then rubbed it all around his hole.
He just grinned down at me. "OK baby, whenever you're ready, Sean. Just squat
over my cock until you feel it against your hole. I'll guide it there for you.
I just want you to relax and breathe. Don't put weight on it until you're
ready. Just go for it, baby."
He
looked down at me and gave me a `duh' look then laughed. I smirked and then
nodded to him. I grabbed my dick to aim it while he lowered himself down. I
felt my cock make contact with his ass; it felt so warm and so fucking hot. I
still couldn't believe this was happening. He stopped when he felt the head of
my cock on his hole.
"Houston,
we've made contact." He looked down at me and giggled.
I
was chuckling. "Nice one, baby; I like it. OK, whenever you're ready; just exhale,
relax and lower yourself down; it's all you now, sexy."
He
nodded and then exhaled two or three times. I smiled at him and then I felt the
pressure of his ass moving over the head of my cock.
"Oh
fuck... God, Sean that feels so good, baby."
He
added a little more weight as my cockhead stretched his hole. When he got to
the ring he stopped. He looked at me. I mouthed `I love you'. He smiled and
then exhaled a couple of times, relaxed as best he could and then added more
weight. He slid right past the ring for about three inches and then stopped
again.
"Fuck...
I feel full. You're fuckin' big, baby. It's like takin' a really huge fuckin'
dump."
I
chuckled. "Kinda, yeah... Actually, keep that idea. I want you to push out a
little like you are takin' a dump. Don't push like you're actually trying to
shit on my dick, but just relax and push like it's a big ole turd you're tryin'
to get outta there."
He
started laughing, but in the process relaxed his ass muscles and suddenly he
was all the way down. We both groaned. I was in awe. I couldn't believe this
sexy ass straight Marine jock was sitting on my cock. It was amazing. And God,
it was so nice and tight. I felt like my dick was in a nice, warm velvety vice.
"Oh
my God... Fuck, baby, you feel so good. That's fuckin' incredible, Sean."
"Glad
you like; it's my best ass." We both started laughing. "Ooooo. That feels kinda
weird. Good weird. Laughing with cock in my ass; kinda makes it vibrate and
it's rubbin' something good."
"You
think its good; you should feel it from this end. Holy fuck..."
"You
like my nice, tight ass, huh?"
"Oh
fuck yeah. I've loved your ass since the first time I saw you; but this just
makes me... Oh fuck, baby..."
He
grinned down at me. "Glad to hear it. I guess now I'm supposed to move back up,
huh?"
I
laughed. "Well, that is kinda the general idea, but make yourself happy. This
feels fucking incredible too."
He
pulled his ass up the length of my aching dick, stopped, smiled at me then
slowly went back down, balls-deep again. We both groaned, he grunted and pulled
back up again to the edge and slid right back down again. I moaned out loudly
and he smiled at me. He pulled himself back up and then back down again; he just
started fucking himself on my cock, ten or eleven times, then on the last
upstroke he stopped and looked at me.
"OK
you fuckin' stud, I'm doin' all the work here. It's your turn."
I
got a huge grin on my face and he laughed. I pulled my knees up, planting my
feet flat on the floor, grabbed his hips and slowly slid my cock up into him.
We both moaned again. I pulled back down then went right back up.
"Oh
fuck me, that feels so good; I can't believe how good that feels on my cock."
"Well
then do it faster, dammit; it's feelin' pretty fuckin' good from this end too."
I
sure as hell didn't have to be told twice to fuck the ass I was currently
buried in. I started fucking him faster, just setting up a nice, smooth rhythm.
We both started moaning louder and louder as I fucked his incredibly hot ass. I
wasn't slamming into him, just sliding my cock in and out of his tight ass. I
didn't even really bottom out, I wanted it to feel nothing but pleasurable for
him; nothing but the feel of my cock sliding through his ass; like a well-oiled
piston. I fucked him like this for about five or six minutes then decided he
was ready for round two. I pulled all the way out and looked up at him.
"Lay
down on your side, baby."
"Which
way?"
"I
don't care at this point. Pick a side; both are good."
He
laughed and got off me and then lay down on his side on the cushions. Perfect
choice I thought. I got up and got behind him and lifted his leg up and set it
on my shoulder as I moved in closer to him. He turned around and looked at me
with a huge grin on his face.
"Fuck,
baby, you have no idea how many times I've fucked a chick like this; it's
fuckin' hot as hell."
"Let's
hope you feel the same way about it from that point of view."
He
turned a little pink and laughed. "You're cold sometimes, you know that? That
wasn't nice." He laughed again.
"Eh,
you'll like it just as much, I promise. I don't have your cock, but I'm not too
bad with the one I have."
"Shut
up and start fuckin'"
I
pushed my cock back in his ass and buried it balls-deep and just held it there.
"Oh
fuck...! Goddamn, boy, I feel like you just shoved a fire hose up my ass."
"So
you have a thing for firemen now?"
He
laughed again. "Fuck you, just start fuckin'"
I
laughed again and pulled my cock back out to the head then right back in again.
I just started fucking him the way I had been with him on top. Steady, smooth
strokes. I looked down and watched my cock sliding in and out; still just
totally amazed this was happening. He looked so fucking hot lying there with my
dick sliding in his ass. While I was watching the action I pulled my cock all
the way out then just slid it right back in again.
"Oh
fuck me... What the fuck was that?"
"I
pulled all the way out then just fucked right back in. You like?"
"Oh
fuck... Yeah, I liked. I shouldn't but I did. Do it again."
I
pulled out all the way, waited for two seconds then slid all the way in again.
He moaned really loud and grunted. I did it again five more times and he was
panting and moaning. Hell, we were both panting and moaning. I started fucking
him steady and smooth for a couple of minutes, then increased the tempo. I
grabbed tight to his leg and started fucking him fairly hard and fast.
"Oh
fuck!! Goddamn that feels good. I can't believe I just said that, but fuck,
Mikey, that feels good."
"It
sure the fuck does, baby."
I
kept up the semi-slamming fucking for another three or four minutes. I couldn't
maintain this pace; I'd cum too soon. This was kind of a fantasy fuck for me
and it wouldn't take a whole lot to get me over the edge. I slowed down and
then stopped, buried in his ass. I looked at him. He was sweating and panting.
Goddamn, he was so fucking hot.
"You
ready for something new?"
"Hell
yeah if it's as good as this. Whadda have in mind, you big dicked fucker?"
I
laughed. "Wanna try it on your back and with your legs on my shoulders?"
"Oh
fuck yeah. I like that one too. You can kiss from that one. Pull that fuckin'
thing out and let's do it."
I
wasn't really sure this is what Jake had in mind for us, but Sean was too much
the straight boy jock to do the sweet, loving, make love by candlelight gig. We
were just fucking; having good old fashioned hot sweaty man-sex. It was great
with me; I loved every minute of it.
I
pulled out. "Get on your fucking back, boy! That ass is mine!"
He
just rolled sideways on the cushions, arranging himself in the middle, then
threw his legs up and pulled them down to his chest, that incredible ass
pointing up in the air.
He
looked up at me. "Stick that fucking cock back in there!" I kneeled over his
ass, positioning my cock right at his hole and just drove straight in. He
grunted and yelled out. "Oh fucking hell!! Fuck yeah!"
I
lowered my body down, pushing his ass down a little with my weight so he was
perfectly lined up and just went to town on his ass. I just started fucking him
hard. Not really all that fast, but he grunted and moaned with each thrust as I
bottomed out in him. I fucked him this way for another six or seven minutes,
leaning down occasionally to get a sloppy kiss, then I'd pull my head back up
and concentrate on just fucking. Every once in a while I'd pull all the way out
and then just shove myself right back into him.
"Oh
fucking hell! Fuck my ass, Mikey. Fuck my fuckin' ass! God that feels good.
Yeah, just like that. Slam that fuckin' big cock in my ass, boy."
I
just kept fucking him like this as long as I could hold on. I was so into this
zone; I had no idea of my surroundings. There could've been a thousand people
in that room and I wouldn't have noticed them. I was barely hearing him moaning
and swearing. All I could think about was that I was actually fucking his ass
and we both loved the hell out of it. After about five more minutes I needed to
stop or slow down or I was going bust in him.
I
just stopped suddenly and pulled my dick out of him. "Get on your hands and
knees, boy; I want that ass sticking out ready for my cock. Do it now!"
He
dropped his legs, rolled over onto his hands and knees then worked his way back
over to the cushions. He then lowered himself down onto his arms, arched his
back and stuck his sweet ass in the air. I kneeled behind him, slapped some
more lube on his hole and slid my cock back home. I grabbed his hips and just
started fucking him; sometimes hard and fast, other times slow and easy,
changing the rhythm every eight or nine strokes. He was still moaning, panting
and swearing. I pulled out once and slapped his left ass cheek kind of hard
then slid my cock back in. He yelped and grunted and moaned louder. I fucked
him another seven or eight thrusts and did it again with the right cheek. He
grunted and moaned. I slapped each cheek one more time and then continued
fucking him hard. I was starting to get close, I knew this wasn't going to last
too much longer.
"You
want my fucking load, boy?"
"Oh
fuck yeah! Give me that fucking load!"
"You
want it in your ass or on your chest?"
"I
want both; I'm a greedy motherfucker." I heard him but wasn't really sure how
I'd pull that one off from this angle. I figured it out. I pulled out of him.
"On
your back again, boy! Now!"
He
rolled over onto the floor and pulled his legs up. I moved over to where he was
and slid my cock back in his ass and started fucking again. I fucked him for
about three more minutes and I was at the very edge. I had decided the first
volleys, the best ones were going to go on his chest; the rest could go inside.
I pulled my cock out and started milking it with my fingers. He kept his legs
up and just watched me.
"Fuck
yeah, baby, milk that fuckin' cock. I want that goddamn load. Give me that
fuckin' load, boy!"
I
felt my orgasm begin and I started really lightly stroking the head of my cock.
I grunted, feeling it come. "Fuck me...! Here it is! Take it, boy!"
The
first volley shot out of my cock and landed just below his neck, followed
quickly by the second, landing on his chest. I pulled my hips back and quickly
shoved my cock back in his ass and finished off inside of him, slowing moving
my cock in and out of his ass. I wished he'd milk my cock for me, but he didn't
know about that yet from the bottom position.
"Flex
your fuckin ass, baby, please!" He started flexing his ass muscles and that did
it. "Oh fuck yeah... Fuck yeah, baby. Milk my fuckin' dick, boy!"
I
could feel his ass muscles wrapping my cock up and I just drained every drop I
could produce into his hot bowels. I finally had to quit moving; my whole body
was just on overload, my cock sensitive as all hell.
"Oh
God, baby, you can stop now. Please stop. My dick is gonna fall off."
He
giggled and stopped flexing his ass. I just kneeled there, my cock still
dripping in his ass, panting like a steam engine. I opened my eyes and looked
down at him. What a fucking sexy ass fucking sight. He was laying there, my
load on his neck and chest, sweat covering his body, his cock rock hard, and a
look of pure lust and satisfaction on his face. I lowered his legs down on
either side of me and just looked at him.
"Oh
fucking hell, Sean. You look so incredibly fucking sexy right now. Fuck me...
Goddamn, boy, that was fucking amazing; you're fucking amazing." I was still
panting but managed to smile at him.
"You're
pretty fuckin' amazing your damn self. That was so much more, so much better
than I could've ever believed it could be. Goddamn, boy, you fuck like a
locomotive."
I
laughed and still just kneeled there looking at him. I couldn't believe just how
incredibly sexy he looked right now. He was always very sexy to me, but now,
just...
"I
was so into it; so into you, I really had no idea what the fuck I was even
doing most of the time. I just knew I had to be the best I'd ever been. I
wanted you to like this. I needed it to be good for you."
"Oh
fuck, man; it was good. I fuckin' loved it! I still can't believe I love it,
but I sure the fuck did, baby. I love you, baby, and I want you to do that
again; whenever you want. I'm yours, Mikey."
I
couldn't think of anything to say. I just tried to give him the best smile I
could and nodded.
He
smiled back at me and nodded.
I
looked down at his still hard eight inch cock and I knew I wanted it. I wanted
it now. I reached over and grabbed the lube and squeezed some out on my finger
and washed my hole with it, sticking my finger in a little ways. Then I
squeezed some more out and grabbed his cock and lubed him up as best I could
with what I had on my finger. I lifted my knee over his legs then kind of
waddled up over him, straddling him, then lined his cock up with my ass and
just slowly sat down on it.
"Ohhhhhh
fuck! Oh God, that feels good. But fuck, boy, you're fuckin' huge!" I pulled
myself back up about four inches and then sat back down again. Talk about feeling
full.
"Oh
damn, baby, you feel so good; so fuckin' tight. Ride my big cock, baby."
I
pulled back up again then sat back down, going balls-deep and just held him in
me for a few moments; trying to let my ass adjust to the invasion. I looked
down at him and grinned.
"Feelin'
good... Damn, you said you felt full; you should try your own cock out some time.
I feel like I just sat on a fucking fire hydrant."
He
started laughing. I looked down at him and just gave him a lewd smile. I pulled
back up again, going all the way to the head then flexed my ass muscles just a
little and then sat back down again, his cock sliding up into me like a
missile. We both grunted. I pulled my feet in a little closer so I could just
squat over his cock and fuck myself on it. I just started riding his big dick,
up and down, squeezing his cock with my ass when I'd bottom out, then pull
right back up again. We both started moaning, his hands on my legs, his cock
fucking my ass and the sound of skin meeting skin over and over again. I fucked
myself on his cock for about five minutes, but I wanted more; I wanted him in
control and I wanted it hard and deep. I pulled myself off his cock and stood
up; my legs a little wobbly. I looked down at him with nothing but lust on my
face.
"Stand
up, baby; I want you to fuck me good."
He
stood up and I reached down and grabbed one of the cushions and threw it on the
couch right in the middle. I sat down with my ass on the edge of the cushion
and laid back, pulling my legs up and then grabbing my ankles to hold. He got a
huge grin on his face, got down on his knees in front of me and lined up his
cock with my waiting hole. He set the head of his leaking cock right at my hole
and just pushed in all the way, bottoming out and then holding himself inside,
making his cock jump in me.
"Oh,
fuck me... Damn, boy that feels so fuckin' good. Oh God... Mmmm yeah, baby, flex
that big fuckin' cock in me."
I
was still looking at him with pure lust on my face. He flexed his cock again
then pulled out to the head and shoved in again. We both grunted and groaned.
He pulled himself back out again, only this time all the way out, then he lined
up his cock and shoved it right back in my ass, pushing my body up higher on
the couch. I grunted loudly and told him to do it again. He pulled all the way
out and then just lined up and power dived into my ass. We both groaned hard,
but there wasn't time for more, he pulled back out again and did it again. Then
he pulled himself out, brought his right hand up and slapped the bottom of my
ass hard. He slapped me again twice, and then drove his throbbing cock back
into me.
"Oh
fuck yes, boy, slap my fuckin' ass. Fuck me with that big fuckin' cock! It
feels so good. My ass is yours, baby, do it! Do whatever you want; just fuck
me!"
"Of
fuck yeah, baby. I'm gonna fuck that fuckin' tight ass."
He
grabbed my hips in his hands and just started power fucking my ass; slamming
home with every stroke and then pulling all the way out to the head of his cock
and then slamming home again. We were both grunting and panting hard. He fucked
me hard and fast for about nine or ten minutes. I didn't know how he could keep
from busting for that long but he did. He had sweat rolling off his sexy body
and I just watched him fucking me; looking right at his eyes, then down at his
crotch slamming into me. We were both kind of far away in our own zones, but
the sounds of his flesh slapping into mine and our breathing was still audible
to me. I needed to cum again so I grabbed my cock and started beating it. He looked
down at me and smiled, then grabbed my arm and pulled it away. I just looked at
him like `what the fuck' and he grinned and shook his head `no'.
He
fucked me hard for about five more minutes, and then he slowed down, slapped my
ass again, then grabbed my cock and started pumping it. He set up a nice, slow,
smooth rhythm with both his fucking and jacking my dick. I was moaning and
panting and loving every touch and feeling and emotion that was taking place in
my body. I felt the first signs of my impending orgasm and started thrusting my
cock faster through his fist. He started jacking my cock faster, but managed to
keep the same slow pace fucking his cock into my ass. I couldn't hold it any
longer; I felt the load shooting up the length of my cock then just explode out
onto my chest.
"Oh,
Fuck Me... Stroke my fucking cock; yeah, stroke it; make me cum, baby."
"Yeah
boy, do it! Cum on your fucking chest, baby! Let me see that fucking load,
boy!"
I
just kept pumping cum on my body, panting and moaning. I think I let loose with
about five loads of hot milky jizz, my ass muscles tightening hard on his cock
as I did. That sent him over and he pulled out, stood tall on his knees,
grabbed his cock in his left hand and started stroking and just busted his nut
all over me. I saw the first volley fly out of his throbbing cock and head
right for my face. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out. It landed just
below my bottom lip, but I still got a good taste of it on my tongue. I felt
the rest of it on my chin, sliding down my throat to my neck. The next one shot
out and landed right on my neck, joining with the first one to slide down. The
next one flew out and landed on my chest with a small splat. I just looked at
it and watched it spread out a little. I missed the next one while I was
checking it out, but I felt it land on my stomach, just above my belly button.
I looked down and checked it out. It felt so warm and good on my skin. The next
couple just oozed out of his cock and landed on my own cock and balls. It felt
so good to have his load all over my body; mixing with my own load. He squeezed
his cock hard one last time, let it drop and just looked up at me with a look
of lust on his face.
"Fuck!!!
That was a good fuckin' nut! Oh fuck, baby, you look so hot with our fuckin'
cum all over you!"
He
was panting a little and just looking at the jizz covering my body. I was still
checking out the loads of cum that were all over my body, then looked up at him
and smiled. He pulled himself up and then swung his ass around to sit on the
couch next to me. Then he leaned his head down and stuck his tongue out and
licked up the cum that was running down my chin. He held the white fluid on his
tongue then fed it to me. I sucked it greedily off his tongue and moaned. I
loved the taste of Sean's cum; it was always so sweet. It always made me think
he ate nothing but sugar, but he really didn't. He pulled off my mouth and then
swept up another load off my neck and brought it back to feed me. I reached up
with my left hand and pulled his head down, locking his mouth onto mine and
just sucked the cum off his tongue and out of his mouth. We sucked on each
other's tongues for about a minute then I let go of his head and he pulled back
and looked at me, smiling.
"Damn
baby, that was hot. You taste so good; you have such sweet fuckin' cum; I can't
get enough of it."
He
grinned. "I'm just a naturally sweet guy, baby."
"Yeah
you are; one of the sweetest. Fuck, baby, that was good. You were like a
fucking machine. I loved it!"
"Anytime,
you sexy fucker. I love your fuckin' ass, baby; it always feels so warm and
tight; my cock just feels right at home." He grinned at me again.
"Mmmm,
he is at home."
Sean
smiled at me then got up off the couch, looking down at me. He held his hand
out to me and I took it. He pulled me up off the couch, kissed me, then pulling
my hand led me to our bedroom. He steered me into the bathroom, let go of my
hand and turned on the shower. When he got it adjusted how he wanted it, he
took my hand again and pulled me into the shower with him. He stood behind me,
and using his hands, rubbed all the cum around on my body, rubbing a good bit
of it on my nipples then down my treasure trail to my cock, then all over my
balls and back up to my neck. After he had the cum spread all over my body, he
kissed the back of my neck then pushed me closer to the water with his hips,
using his soft cock to help him out. He rinsed all the cum off of me, running
his hands all over my body to make sure he got it all. When he was happy with
the cum rinse he turned me around in his arms and reached up behind my head and
pulled me in for a kiss. It was a fucking incredible kiss too; he just ran his
lips all over my mouth, swirling his tongue around and then into my mouth then
all around again. We made out for about two or three minutes, just melting into
and tasting each other. He kept a grip on the back of my head with his right
hand and rubbed my back and ass with his left; grabbing and then pinching my
ass with his strong fingers. My hands were roaming all over his back, grabbing
and kneading his ass, then running up his back, massaging his shoulders then
back down to his incredibly hot ass.
When
we finally broke the kiss he just looked into my eyes and a small smile curved
the corners of his mouth. "I love you. I love you more than I ever thought
possible."
I
smiled back at him. "I love you too, Sean; as much as I know how."
We
smiled at each other again, then kissed again for just a moment, and began to
wash each other. We spent about twenty minutes in the shower, just touching
each other and washing each other's body. When we got out of the shower and
dried off, he took my hand again and led me to our bed. He pulled me into his
arms and kissed me deeply, then broke the kiss and nodded to the bed. I climbed
into bed and he climbed in after me. We just lay next to each other on our
sides, looking at each other and slowly running our fingers around each other's
bodies. I was staring very deeply into Sean's eyes and just started to become
overwhelmed with feeling and emotion. I stared hard into his eyes, starting to
feel nothing but love and lust. My dick started getting hard and I just
continued running my hands over his body. I pulled him into me, our cocks
touching each other; still just staring into his eyes. I felt like I could see
his soul; I had such incredible feelings spread throughout my body.
I
was still just looking into his eyes, not kissing, not anything, just looking
into his eyes. I could feel his cock was as hard as mine. We started rubbing
our cocks against each other, both of us panting a little and just staring hard
into each other. I reached my arm around his waist and pulled him hard into me;
still just rubbing our cocks together. My face was only an inch from his, but
we still didn't kiss; we just breathed in each other's breath and rubbed our
cocks together; the passion and emotion overtaking us. Our breathing was
continuing to increase with our rubbing cocks, our eyes still locked on each
other's. I'd never felt such strong emotions before; just looking at this
beautiful man, merely an inch from my face. We stayed like this for about six
or seven minutes, just being, just feeling the other. Our breathing was ragged
and we were panting. I started whimpering and still just stared hard into his
eyes, my lips against his, but still not kissing. I felt myself going over the
edge; I couldn't believe I was actually cumming again, after just having shot
two great loads. He was panting and moaning, his hand on the back of my head, just
feeling my hair and my head, panting and moaning, then I felt another warm
sensation on my balls and I knew he'd just had another orgasm.
We
were breathing hard into each other's mouth, still not kissing, just staring at
each other. I was still whimpering and then my body started shaking a little
and would twitch.  I did this several times, still just looking into his
eyes. I just could not drink enough of him into me to satisfy myself. My body
twitched a few more times, I was still whimpering a little and just held him
tight against me. I'd never experienced anything like this before in my life;
it was just so fucking intense I thought I'd have a damn heart attack.
I
was finally starting to regain some control, but I still couldn't let him go;
couldn't let him move. I just held his waist, pulling him against me, still
staring into his beautiful blue eyes, feeling myself getting more and more lost
in them. I still whimpered from time to time and started feeling really
overwhelmed with emotion. I couldn't bear the thought of this man ever pulling
away from me. My lips were still touching his but we still didn't kiss. I was
starting to get a little scared, I'd never felt such strong emotions before,
such need, such fear that someone would leave me. I needed him more than I'd
ever needed anything in my life. I was starting to freak a little and pulled
back from him a few inches. I finally broke contact with his eyes and looked
down.
"Oh
my God... Oh God..." I heard my voice break. "Oh God... Sean... Oh God, baby..." I was
panting and trying to get some control back; I couldn't. I was just
overwhelmed. "Please, Sean, please... Promise me, baby, promise me you'll never
leave me; please, baby, promise me. I couldn't live if you ever left..." My
voice was breaking again.
Sean
was touching my face with his right hand, his left still behind my head. "Look
at me, Michael. Look at me! I promise. I promise I'll never leave you, baby. I
love you. I'm not going anywhere... I'll never leave, Michael."
I
looked at him for a moment and then lowered my head again. I felt ashamed that
I was feeling so needy, so scared of him leaving. "I'm sorry... I'm so sorry,
baby. I sorry I'm being so needy; I can't help it though. I'm sorry..."
"Oh
baby, no... Don't you dare say you're sorry; don't! I love you and I'm not going
anywhere." He pulled my chin up with his finger and kissed me softly. "I love
you."
He
kissed me again, then ran his hand down to my waist and pulled me against him.
I felt so safe in that moment; I couldn't explain it even to myself. I stayed
pressed against him, my face next to his; just feeling his skin on mine. We
stayed like that for about ten minutes.
My
mouth was incredibly dry; I'd been breathing and panting through my mouth, and
I felt like it was getting hard to swallow. I pulled my head back and looked at
him.
"I
gotta get something to drink, baby; my mouth is so dry. I gotta get something
to drink."
"You
want me to go get you some water?"
"No...
that's ok. I'll go get it. I just need fluid, baby. I'll be right back. I
promise. Do you want anything?" I sat up in bed and with my right leg pulled
in, sitting in the middle of the bed looking down at him; still feeling so
overcome; I just couldn't stop looking at him.
"No
baby. I'm fine. Go get something to drink. I'll be right here."
"You're
sure you don't want anything; I'll bring it to you?" I just couldn't pull
myself together. My voice broke again. "I'll do anything for you."
He
smiled at me. "No baby, I'm fine. You go get something to drink. I'll wait
right here for you."
I
just nodded my head and got up and went to the kitchen. I still hadn't paid any
attention to the sticky mess that was covering my crotch. I grabbed a Gatorade
out of the fridge and just downed half of it. I felt like my body had dried up.
I screwed the cap back on the bottle then burped. I could hear Sean chuckling
in the bedroom. I smiled. That was my man in there. I took the bottle with me
and went back to our bedroom.
He
looked up at me and smiled big. "All better now?"
I
blushed and grinned. "Yeah. I needed that; both the fluid and the burp." He
laughed. "I brought the rest back for you, Sean. If you need it, it's here,
baby."
"Thank
you, Michael. Come back here; I want you close to me." I set the bottle down on
the nightstand and crawled back into bed with him. I was back on my side, both
us within inches of each other, our hands on each other's sides. Sean looked
down at our crotches, smiled then looked back at my face. "You think we should
clean ourselves up: might get kinda sticky by morning?"
I
looked kind of confused for a second then realized what he was talking about.
"Oh! I guess we should. I'll go get a warm washcloth. Stay right here."
I
rolled over and got back out of bed. I got the washcloth and cleaned him all
up, then went back in the bathroom, rinsed it out and cleaned myself up. I left
the cloth on the sink and went back to bed. I got back in our original
position. I was still feeling a little out of sorts; I just couldn't shake it
for some reason.
Sean
was watching me; a little concern showing on his face. "Has that ever happened
to you before, baby?"
I
shook my head no and responded. "Not like that; never. I did frottage once with
a guy when I was about 22 or 23, and we both came, but I never experienced the
same overwhelming emotion. It was just getting off. And we'd been making out
the entire time. No Sean, I've never had anything even close to that happen to
me."
"Are
you OK?"
"I'm
fine, baby. I'm fine. I'm just still trying to get a grip on myself. I've never
been so overwhelmed and overtaken with emotion before. It's kinda scary."
"You're
tellin' me. I thought we were going to just implode into each other. I've never
felt such strong love, and yet total lust at the same time. It was incredible.
Are you sure you're going to be OK? I'm worried about you, baby."
I
smiled at him. He has such a big heart; I just couldn't get over how strongly I
felt about him right now. "I'm going to be OK, baby. I will. I just need to
relax and maybe get some sleep. I feel drained and exhausted."
He
nodded to me and smiled again. "OK, my love. Just close your eyes and relax.
I'm right here. I'll never let anything bad happen to you. I'm here and I'm not
going anywhere. Just close your eyes and go to sleep. I love you. I love you,
Michael. Get some sleep, baby."
I
just nodded and closed my eyes. "I love you, Sean. Goodnight... I love you."
I
just let myself relax, feeling him touching me and looking at me; knowing I was
safe and loved. He reached up and turned off the reading light over our heads
and then pulled me into him and just held me while I fell asleep.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 15 (Chapter 4)

Chapter
15: Winter Solstice
We
made it through the end of October and the beginning of November with blessedly
less drama. Sean was pretty much back to normal now, and back on duty. I kept my
promise to him by getting him off when the doctor told him he was cleared. I
still didn't want him pulling anything so I did my best to keep it slow, steady
and pleasurable. I sucked him and stroked him for about ten minutes, keeping
things light and relaxed. The load he pumped out was definitely one for books
though. His stomach, chest, abs, pubes and my hand were covered in milky white
fluid. He was a happy man. We slowly resumed a semi-normal sex life. Jake, Sean
and I had managed a very erotic three-way somewhere around the third of
November. Jake and I had two more of our kitchen meetings, enjoying it just as
much as the first time; thankfully Kevin hadn't been there to spoil the fun.
Other times we kept it all to the bedroom and bathroom. Jake was still pushing
for me and Sean to have a special night with just the two of us. We tried to
convince him that it was more special with him there. He relented for awhile,
but I knew he was brewing something up.
To
all of our amazement Sean had discovered that he actually liked cooking and
baking; saying it really wasn't that much different than working in his dad's
wood shop, just cleaner. He also pointed out to us that he loved food, so why
not learn how to make it. We didn't argue with him, and he spent a lot of time
in the kitchen with me learning how to make stuff. We were still nice to him
and told him how wonderful it was even when we wished we'd had a dog to slip it
to under the table. He was getting better but Jake and I were getting worried
we'd run out of encouragement after a while. Jake had pleaded with me not to
let him cook Thanksgiving dinner; I assured him I'd make sure everything was
good. I started feeling the tension rise around the tenth or eleventh of
November. I knew what was coming up, and I was probably tenser than both of
them together. They both were coming up for new orders; Jake on the fifteenth
and Sean on the sixteenth. We were all basket cases by the fourteenth.
November
fifteenth. Jake and Sean were both at the base, and I was sitting at my
computer checking my email when my phone rang. I looked at the caller ID; it
was Jake. I'd been dreading this phone call all day. I answered the phone
hoping like I'd never hoped for anything before that he had good news.
"Hi
baby!"
"We're
staying!! We're fucking staying!!" I pulled the phone away from my ear and felt
such relief that I felt like passing out.
"Mike!!?
Did you hear me? We're fucking staying! My orders just arrived!"
"I
heard you, baby! I'm so happy for us; I couldn't be any happier. Oh baby, I'm
so relieved I can't tell you!! And yeah, I heard ya, baby, I don't think you
really needed to use the phone to tell me; I heard ya through the door! 
That's fucking incredible news, Jake! Oh I'm so happy!"
"It's
fucking awesome!! I've been so scared that we'd get transferred away from you.
Oh Mikey, I'm so fuckin' happy right now!"
"I
know Jakey, me too, me too... Now we only have one more day of this shit to worry
about." I knew that'd kind of put a damper on him, but I thought he needed to
be reminded we still had Sean's orders to wait for.
"No!
Mikey, you don't understand!! We're both fucking staying!! Sean got his orders
today too; we're both staying with you!!"
"What!?
I thought Sean didn't get his orders until tomorrow?"
"Major
Benton brought `em both to us today! We're fuckin' stayin', Mikey!!"
"Oh
fuck yeah!! Oh my God, baby, I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that!!" I
got out of my chair and started jumping around my office acting liking a damn
kid, but I'd never been happier in my life. This was so good. So fucking great!
Jake
was laughing on the other end of the phone. "Now who doesn't need to use the
phone? The whole base heard you from home!"
"I
don't fucking care! I want the whole world to hear me!! My boys are staying
home!! Oh man, that's such incredibly good news, baby! Oh I can't tell you how
relieved I am!"
My
face was beginning to hurt from smiling so much and I had tears streaming down
my face, I was so relieved. I couldn't believe that God would smile down on me
once again and not separate me from my two boys. I couldn't believe it.
"Mikey!!
Did you hear me?"
"No,
baby, I'm so sorry, but I'm jumping around here like a fool. What'd you say,
baby?"
"I
said Sean has more news for you; but I'll let him tell you. He's right here.
Hold on a second."
"Mike?"
"Oh
God, Sean, I can't tell you how fucking happy I am right now. That is such
incredible news, baby! Oh my God, it's so good to know my boys are staying
home! I've never been this happy in my life! Thank God baby, thank God."
"Mikey!
Calm down a second, I have more news for ya. Ya ready for this?"
"As
ready as ever, baby; lay it on me."
"I
got a promotion! I'm a fucking Lance Corporal now!!"
"No
shit!!?
Oh my God!! That's awesome!! Oh baby, I'm so proud
of you; oh fuck, that is such great news!! I love you, baby!! Oh man, that is
so great!! It's about time they recognized what a great Marine you are!!"
"You're
tellin' me!! You know what it's like having this little fucker outrank me?" I
could hear several people laughing in the background.
I
started laughing. "Oh fuck, baby that is such good news! I couldn't be more
proud of you right now. Oh fuck, Sean I'm so happy for you!!"
"Thank
you, Mikey. It means a lot to hear you say that. Thank you."
"Oh
Sean, I'm proud of you every day; but yeah baby, this is just fucking awesome.
I'm not gonna be able to sit still for the rest of the day."
"Well
then get off your lazy ass and don't sit!"
"I
won't, baby, I won't. Hey, tell Jake and
that red-headed step
child
I'll be there at 1700 sharp; we're going out to fucking
celebrate!"
He
was laughing in my ear but I didn't care; it sounded wonderful. He finally got
a little control. "Fuck yeah! Sounds fucking awesome!! Oh I can't wait to see
you; this is just a fucking great day and I wanna share it with you."
"Oh
I wanna share it with you too. I am so happy for all of us. Sean, this is just...
Oh fuck, baby, I don't know what to say anymore."
"It's
OK Mikey, I know, I know; me too. OK, we'll be at the gate as soon as we can
get the fuck outta here. We can't wait to see you!"
"I
can't wait to see my guys! Fuck, the time's gonna crawl but I'm so fucking
happy! OK baby, I'll see you both at the gate. And congratulations on the
promotion baby, no one deserves it more. I love you and I'm proud of you. I'll
see you tonight."
"Oh
man... You're gonna fuckin' make me cry if you say shit like that. But yeah,
we'll see you at the gate at five. Jakey sends his love and you know mine is
there too."
`I
love you both so much, baby. Tell Jake I love him and I'll see you all at
five."
"OK
Mikey, see you at five.
Bye, ya big stud!"
"Bye
baby..."
I
pressed End on my phone and just stood there looking at it, not believing it
was capable of making me so happy. I set the phone down on my desk then jumped
and pumped my hand in the air. Fuck Yeah!
After
about an hour, when I'd finally calmed down, I decided I owed someone a thank
you; I knew he had his hand in this. I called the base and was put through.
"Major
Benton."
"Major,
Mike Adler."
"Mr.
Adler. What can I do for ya?"
"Just
calling to say thank you,
Major
."
"I
have no idea what you're talking about, Mr. Adler."
"'Nuff
said. Have a good evening, Major."
"You
too, Mike."
The
connection was broken and I just smiled to myself. I knew in my heart he was
how this had all happened. As long as it had happened I didn't care if he
wanted recognition for it. I had to get ready to take my guys out to celebrate.
I walked towards our bedroom stripping my clothes off as I walked. I needed a
shower and a shave. I had to be at my best for my boys.
I
was parked in my spot and waiting for my guys to come through that gate. It was
1707, and I was leaning against the right front side of the car freezing my ass
off, catching snowflakes with my nose. I didn't care; I knew who would be
walking through that gate soon. I spotted them; the two most beautiful men in
the world, and one red headed step child walking towards me. I stood up and
watched them walk, a huge smile on my face. They got to the shack and signed
out, then waited for a truck to pass before they could walk over. Sean decided
fuck it, and started running, trying not to slip and just threw himself on me.
He had me in the bear hug of all bear hugs, his legs wrapped around me, holding
my head close to him and just holding on for dear life. I held him every bit as
tight, trying to maintain my footing. Holding a 175 pound Marine isn't as easy
as you might think. We just held each other for a minute or so, not saying a
word, just feeling each other. I couldn't take his weight much longer; I had to
set him down.
"Sean,
oh God, baby! I love you baby, but you're killin' me here! You gotta stand up
or we're both goin' down."
He
giggled then put his feet down to take his weight back. He pulled back from me
a few inches and just looked at me; a smile that would light up the planets on
his face. I fell in love with him again right there. Jake and Kevin had made it
over, both of them laughing at Sean jumping on me. Jake walked up to us and hip
butted Sean.
"Move
over a second, I need him too."
He
threw his arms around me and pulled me in tight, wrapping himself around me
like only Jake could do. Only this time he wasn't having a melt-down and it
felt so good, so wonderful to be holding this man in my arms like this again.
"Oh
God baby, that feels so wonderful. I love your hugs, Jakey; they get me through
the days like nothing else ever could. I'm so happy for us, baby. I love you."
"I
love you too, Mikey, Oh God how I love you. Can we just stay here and hold each
other?"
"Sure
baby, anything you want."
He
giggled. "Well maybe after awhile we should get someplace warm; we might freeze
together like an otter-pop."
I
giggled. "You might have a point there, sexy. But what a way to freeze..."
We
pulled apart and I looked over at Sean and Kevin. Kevin was just standing there
watching the hug fest, looking a little out of place.
"You
want a hug, Kevin; they're always free for the taking around here?"
He
turned a little more pink, then thought about it a second. "Hell yeah, I'd love
a hug." I walked over to him and pulled him in my arms and held him tight for
about fifteen seconds.
I
released him from my hug and then looked at him, smiling. "See, nothin' wrong
with a good hug. It's like milk; does a body good." He giggled.
I
turned to look at my boys; feeling such pride and such happiness I couldn't
describe it. "OK guys, my nose is about to fall off from the cold, can we get
in the car where it's warm?"
They
all said sure and started piling in; Jake taking his seat up front. It would
always be Jake's seat. I jumped in and cranked the blower up higher to thaw
myself out. Sure glad I'd been bright enough to leave the car running. I drove
out of the gate, spinning just a little on the ice and headed to the road. We
made it slowly to town and to the beer garden we'd all had lunch at the first
time we looked at the house. We couldn't eat outside this time but we had one
hell of a good time inside, raising a few eyebrows. We didn't care; we were
happy and so glad to be with each other. Gretchen joined us about thirty
minutes after we'd arrived; she had to keep a close eye on Kevin. We liked
having her there anyway; she was actually a lot of fun we she was leaving poor
Kevin alone.
We
stayed at the beer garden until about nine o'clock. Gretchen took Kevin home
with her and I took my two Marines home. We made it back without sliding into
the ditch but I was definitely taking it easy. Must be time for snow tires, I
thought to myself. We got back in the house and just stood in the kitchen for a
little while, talking and laughing, and feeling so happy that we were all going
to be together. I checked out Sean's new rank insignia again for the twentieth
time and felt so proud of him. Jake made a point of telling me I was supposed
to slug him in the shoulder to make it stick on. I did as ordered and Sean told
me I hit like a girl. He kept his mouth shut after the second one, while Jake
was doubled over laughing. We all had to be up early in the morning; still a
work day for my two guys, but it would be Friday and we could spend the weekend
celebrating. We all dived into the shower at the same time and got cleaned up
and warmed up then headed for bed; with only a little playing in the shower.
Once we were all in bed I was lying on my back and looked up at the ceiling;
looking to the heavens. `Thank you. I don't know how I can possibly thank you
enough for keeping these men safe and home with me, but thank you none the
less.' I leaned over Sean, gave Jake a soft, sexy kiss goodnight then did the
same with Sean. I smiled to myself and snuggled up next to Sean and went sound
asleep.
After
the celebrating and congratulations were finally over we got back to our normal
routine. The days marched on and the time flew by for us. Jake and Sean were
very busy at the base, and even had a training mission the weekend before
Thanksgiving. I missed them both terribly the two days they were gone, but as
with every training mission before, the return home was boisterous, happy and
erotic. The three of us spent that Sunday night basically fucking our brains
out. We all crashed on to the bed, exhausted; especially
them
,
having just spent the last 48 hours awake and playing soldier. Thanksgiving was
in four days and I had a lot to do to get ready for it. Being three Americans
in Germany on Thanksgiving our goal was to celebrate it as though we were in
grandma's house on Main Street, USA. I enlisted Gretchen's help for this one.
Besides, she was very excited about it; never having celebrated the holiday
before. She wanted it to be perfect for Kevin and was aptly paying attention to
every detail. We had that in common at least; we wanted it to be perfect for
our men.
On
Wednesday afternoon while baking some pies with her she gave me a little bit of
a shock.
"I
know Kevin is excited about this holiday. He says he will miss his family
terribly; I can only assume Jakob and Sean are the same. It's wonderful they
will be able to spend it with their lover and with each other and Kevin."
I
finished pulling the pie out of the over that I'd had a hold of and set it down
on the counter. Did she just say what I think she said?
"Yes,
they both seem very excited about tomorrow." I paused a moment, then turned to
look at her, a wry smile on my face. "How long have you
known
?"
She
smiled. "Not too terribly long. Well, I mean I've always known about Jakob, of
course, but with Sean probably the last month or so. Something changed;
something in the way you two look at each other. The way a man looks at his
lover. The way you look at Jakob is now the way Sean looks at you." She smiled
at me.
I
returned her smile. "And this doesn't bother you; doesn't make you
uncomfortable?"
"Why
should it? It's no different than it was before; just more. The ancient Greeks
and Romans, usually military men themselves, often had one or two male lovers.
Just because modern society thinks it wrong, why should I?"
"You're
ahead of your time, Gretchen. I'm glad you're alright with this. Does Kevin
know?"
"I
haven't told him, but I think he's starting to come to the realization on his
own. He sees the same things I see; he's just not as intuitive or as open about
it."
"Do
you think he will be troubled by it?" I looked a little concerned. I didn't
want Jake and Sean's relationship with Kevin to be strained by this.
"I
don't think he will be troubled by the relationship itself so much as learning
to deal with Sean's newly discovered homosexuality. He sees Sean as the archetypical
male; the `regular Joe' I guess you would say. He may struggle with that part
of it."
I
nodded my head. "I can understand that myself. I never expected it either and I
live with him and have loved him for quite some time. I hope he doesn't struggle
too much with it; doesn't fight it so hard that it effects their friendship."
"As
I said, I'm not aware of where Kevin might be with any of this; I'm only making
assumptions. Perhaps he already knows fully and is fine with it."
"Or
perhaps he only suspects and doesn't really want to learn that Sean is in a
sexual relationship with a man; or men."
"The
guys were right; you analyze every detail very thoroughly don't you?" She
smiled at me after she said it.
"I
have to. Whenever those two are involved, or their happiness is at stake, I
have to."
"You
do love them both, don't you?"
"With
every ounce and fiber of my soul."
"Kevin
loves them as well, and he would never do anything to hurt them or their relationship
with you, or with him. He treasures their friendship as much as you treasure
their love."
"I
know he does. And they love him as well. I guess only time will tell. Are you
about ready to put those pies in the oven?"
"Yes.
I have never heard of making a pie out of a pumpkin before but it seems like it
might be good."
"It's
actually not one of my favorites, but if you bury it in whipped cream it's not
too bad." I laughed.
"So
you like your whipped cream with a little pumpkin basically?"
"Yes.
The only reasonable way to eat pumpkin is as a bread, and we're making that
next." She smiled at this then picked up a pie and carried it to the oven.
We
got all of our baking and prep work done before the guys got off duty. I drove
out to the base and picked all of them up and brought them back to the house.
Kevin didn't seem the least bit surprised that he was coming home with us; I
guess Gretchen had texted him. Kevin and Gretchen had dinner with us then went
back to their place. They had rented an apartment together in town; things were
getting more and more serious between them and we were all sure there would be
wedding bells in the near future. We were happy for them, though still a little
worried about Kevin being led around by his balls in a vice.
Jake
and I cleared up the dinner dishes after they'd left; Sean, still convinced
that was truly woman's work and beneath him. I was going to have a talk with
that boy one of these days. Although, he didn't have the slightest problem
cleaning the bathroom; and given the choice I'd take the kitchen any day. For
Marines, those two had terrible aim. One day after seeing the toilet and the
floor I went out to the living room and demanded to see their firing range
certificates, both of them being so proud of being marksmen. I told them why I
wanted to see them and they both laughed hysterically, so I went and got them a
mop and a rag.
When
Jake and I were done with the dishes and had the kitchen cleaned up I grabbed
him from behind, spun him around, pulled him to me and kissed him.
He
grinned at me. "What'd I do to deserve that?"
"You
took a breath of air." I smiled at him.
He
laughed. "Wow, if I'd known it was that easy to get a kiss..."
"You've
always known it was that easy." We grinned at each other.
"Yeah,
but I still like hearin' it. I've taken several breaths in the last few
seconds, where's my kisses?"
I
smiled at him and pulled his head to me and kissed him again; only this time
holding the kiss for a couple of minutes; just melting into him, holding him
close. We finally broke the kiss and looked into each other's eyes for a
moment.
"Nice...
You're yummy, you know that?"
I
looked at him and giggled. "I've been told, yes. But I still like hearin' it."
"Anytime
you need to hear it, baby, just kiss me."
"You
got it, you sexy fucker. I love you, Jacob."
"I
love you too. Now what's on your mind? You've had this look in your eyes for
the last few hours. What's up?"
"Nothing
earth shattering, but we all need to have a little chat about a conversation I
had with Gretchen. Let's go join that boy out there who thinks he's the man of
the house." Jake laughed hard and followed me out of the kitchen. We walked
into the living room holding hands and Sean looked up.
"Ahhhhh.
How sweet, the womenfolk are done with the dishes; come out to join their man."
Jake and I just looked at him like he'd grown an antenna on his head.
"We
got your man hangin', Fred. Sure hope you're wearin' your warm socks; it's
kinda cold outside." I just looked at him; not smiling; not grinning; just looking.
"Uh
oh.
I stepped in it, didn't I?"
"Yeah,
baby, you kinda did. I know you meant it as a joke, but it really didn't work
as one. Sorry. Try again later." I winked at him to let him know it might work
later.
"I'm
sorry. To both of you, I apologize."
"Apology
accepted, baby. We have something else to talk about."
Sean
looked over at Jake. "Jake...? Do you accept my apology?"
"Of
course Sean, I knew you were just joking. Like Mike said, it just didn't work as
one. No worries, brother." He smiled at Sean to let him know it was ok.
"Just
wanted to make sure; you haven't said anything. OK, so what's up?"
"I
had a talk with Gretchen today while we were baking. She knows about all of us.
She knows about me and you, Sean. She has no problem with it at all. She
guessed it, she said, by how we'd been looking at each other. Of course there's
no problem with any of that. She doesn't know if Kevin knows though. She never
said anything to him, but she thinks he may have figured it out on his own; the
same way she did. Are you guys worried about Kevin knowing; and if so, do we
need to run any kind of damage control?" I looked at each of them in turn.
They
were both speechless for a few seconds. Sean spoke up first.
"OK...
I don't care if Kevin knows or even thinks he knows. I do care about how he
handles it; I'm hoping he won't have a problem with it. I don't want him being
weird around me; he's my friend and I care about him. On the flip side, I don't
care who knows; he can tell the entire fucking Marine Corps for all I care. I'm
not hiding from anyone; especially about this. I love you both with all my
heart and I am deeply in love with you, Michael. If Kevin or anyone else can't
deal with that, then fuck `em all. There's no damage control required,
Michael."
I
nodded at him and smiled. Jake looked at him and gave him a thumbs-up.
"I
don't think Kevin would really have a problem with it anyway. He's never had a
single problem with Mike and me. I think the only problem he might have is
accepting you as a big ole homo." Everyone giggled. "Everyone on that base has
this image of you as this super-straight, jock playboy. I think if anything he
would just have trouble believing you could actually be suckin' cock." He gave
Sean a lewd grin.
Sean
laughed. "Gee thanks, brother. I can always count on you to take the bull-shit
outta everything."
I
smirked. "I told him that once a few months ago. He does have a special ability
at that. I guess we're in agreement. There's really no problem.  Gretchen
basically said the same thing, Jake; that she thinks Kevin would have more
trouble believing Sean is gay or bi than having any kind of problem with our
relationship."
"Good,
that's settled. Now which one of you little sweeties is gonna grab their man a
cookie?"
Jake
looked at me and shook his head. I looked at Sean.
"Too
soon huh?"
"Jake...?"
I looked over at him and moved my eyes very slightly towards the door.
We
dove at him and each grabbed an arm and a leg and picked him up. He started
laughing, thrashing and screaming.
"NO!!!
Don't!! I was just joking! Arrrggghhh! Please stop! Oh fuck!!"
We
got him to the front door, I let his arm free and yanked the door open, then
finally got his hand again after flailing around and we carried him outside and
dumped him in a snow bank. We looked down at him, he in nothing but tighty
whiteys and socks, and took off like a bat out of hell for the house. We got in
and slammed the door shut and locked it. We heard him yelling outside and
started laughing.
Not
ten seconds later he was beating on the door, yelling. "Wilma!!!" Jake and I
both laughed harder. "Oh come on guys, its fuckin' cold out here! Please!!? I'm
sorry! I'm really sorry!! Come on guys, please!? I'll do anything! I'll do
dishes, I'll mop the floor on my hands and knees; I'll do anything. Let me in,
dammit!!"
I
yelled through the door, "Your feet wet yet!?"
"Hell
yeah they are; it's fuckin' snowin' out here, baby. Please!? I love you. I'll
do anything you say, just open the door. Please?" Jake looked at me, still
giggling and winked.
"Get
on your knees!"
"What!?"
"On
your knees; it's the only way you're gettin' back in here tonight." Jake
started laughing again.
"OK
baby, I'm on my knees.
Beggin'!"
"Not
quite what I had in mind, but still
good
. When I open
this door you will walk in here on your knees, come in ten feet, turn around
and face us."
"I'm
ready. Just please open the door, please! My nuts are about to snap off."
I
looked at Jake and nodded. He just grinned and winked at me. I undid the lock
on the door and pulled it open. There was poor Sean, shivering, on his knees
looking up at us. I stood aside, opening the door wide and he started shuffling
in on his knees. I closed the door when he cleared it; it was cold out there.
He came in about ten feet, turned around and looked up at us. He shivered
again. I was starting to feel bad for him, but he still needed to learn his
lesson.
"Brrrr,
it's
fuckin' cold. I'm so sorry. Jacob. Michael.
Please forgive me. I won't ever say that again."
"What
do you think, Jake, can he be taken at his word?"
"Normally
I would say without question; but he is kinda cocky sometimes. Maybe he needs
to learn a little more respect."
"I
agree with you. I'd take him at his word any day, but he's been cocky all
night; still needs to learn a lesson."  I looked at Sean.
"Lance
Corporal!"
"Sir!
Yes Sir!" He snapped to attention while still on his knees. I almost grinned
but caught myself.
"On
your knees you will walk over to the fireplace, about-face, then sit like a puppy
and warm-up until we say
you're
done. At that time,
you will walk to the kitchen, on your knees, and lick the floor until we tell
you to stop. Is that understood, Lance Corporal!?"
"Sir!
Yes Sir!"
He
shuffled over to the fireplace and sat back on his haunches like a dog. It was
kind of cute, actually. We let him stay there for about five minutes; longer
than he'd been outside we thought, and then walked over to him.
"Lance
Corporal!"
"Sir!
Yes Sir!"
"To
the kitchen, jarhead!"
"Sir!
Yes Sir!" He shuffled into the kitchen and stopped in the middle, coming back
to attention.
"Lick
that floor, Marine!"
"Licking,
Sir!"
He
actually bent down and licked the floor. Jake and I just looked at each other,
amazed. We'd mopped the floor earlier so we weren't too worried about him
getting something nasty on his tongue, but we were amazed he was doing it.
"Enough!"
He snapped back up at attention. "Lance Corporal, do you feel like you're being
degraded?"
"Sir!
Yes Sir!"
"Do
you like being degraded?"
"Sir!
No Sir! It fucking sucks, Sir!"
"Are
you ever going to degrade the two men who love you most in the world ever
again?"
"Sir!
Fuck no Sir!
Never again!"
"On
your feet, Lance Corporal!"
"Sir!
Yes Sir!" He jumped up onto his feet and stood at attention.
"At
ease, baby. This is done. We couldn't let it pass again. You do that to us all
the time and it was getting kinda outta hand."
"I'm
so sorry guys. You know I didn't mean any harm, but yeah, I can see how it got
old. I'm very, very sorry, guys." He looked really contrite.
"'Nuff
said."
I
walked up to him and pulled him into my arms; Jake wrapped him up from behind
and we just held each other for a minute. I pulled away just a little and
looked at him. I winked and smiled. He smiled back.
"So...,
and please correct me if I'm not remembering this right, but wasn't it at
Jake's birthday party you said the words, `ain't ever gonna happen, baby; just
keep dreamin' the dream.'?"
He
turned a nice shade of pink and started laughing his ass off.
"You!
You remember that? Oh hell, `course you do, you remember everything. Fuck! I've
been had! You got me, baby, you both did. Fuck...!" He was still smiling though.
"No,
you weren't had; it wasn't planned. You hung yourself with the cookie thing;
but yeah, you were dumped outside, on your ass, in the snow, in your skivvies.
So I guess I'm dreamin' the dream." I got a big, shit-eating grin on my face.
"Yeah
maybe, but you had help. It took both of you to get me out that door. Don't
forget that part..." He leered back at me.
"Doesn't
matter, baby, you were still out there wailin' on that fuckin' door yellin'
Wilma." We all started laughing again.
"OK.
OK. You got me. I bow to your superior prowess; you da men. Whatever, my feet
are still wet and my toes are cold."
"We're
sorry, baby. We have a really nice way to warm you up. You interested?"
"Oh
hell yeah.
Show me."
We
each took one of his hands and he froze in his tracks.
"What's
wrong?"
"You're
gonna haul me back outside, aren't ya?"
I
giggled. "No, baby, we're done with that shit; now we just want to use you for
your body."
He
got a huge grin. "Oh... OK!"
He
unlocked his legs and walked with us towards the bathroom. I reached out and
grabbed a cookie when we passed them and handed it to him. He gave me another
huge grin. We had to get him warmed up first so we thought a nice, hot shower
would do the trick.
We
all finally got to sleep at around eleven; drained, warm and feeling pretty
good. I still had to get up at five to throw the damn bird in the oven, but it
was ready to go, I just had to slide it in there. Up to this night we'd had
Sean in the middle, but tonight they both insisted that I sleep in the middle.
That was more than alright with me; I loved having my guys on either side of
me. There's no greater feeling of love and protection in the world than to be
in the middle of two hot, capable, totally giving and loving Marines. I slept
like a baby.
Thanksgiving
Day.
I heard the alarm going but really didn't want to
do anything about it. I was warm, safe and had two arms thrown over me; who'd
want to leave that? I finally managed to reach up far enough to kill the noise
and looked around the room. It was still dark. Who came up with this idea of
turkey for Thanksgiving anyway? Oh yeah, the people with the funny hats. I slid
out from between Jake and Sean and made my way to the kitchen. I figured if I
got this done quickly enough I could jump back in bed. I turned the oven on,
grabbed the bird out of the fridge and slid his ass into his new home for the
next several hours. Good. I checked to make sure the coffee maker was due to
come on at seven and went and got back in bed. I did manage to go right back to
sleep, and when I woke up a few minutes after seven I had one arm on me and one
blond head. This is better than turkey any day.
We
were up and playing video games when Kevin and Gretchen arrived. I was still a
little curious about how Sean would play this out. I didn't have to worry for
long. Sean, God bless him, was never one for pussy-footing around an issue. About
ten minutes after our guests had arrived Sean told Kevin he'd like to talk to
him in the kitchen. I knew where this was going, but I kept my seat; this was
between them. Kevin got up and followed Sean out of the room. When they got in
the kitchen Sean offered Kevin a beer then got it for him.
"I'm
glad you and Gretchen could be here today; it's nice havin' you here." He
smiled at Kevin.
"I'm
glad to be here; thanks for invitin' us. What's on your mind, Sean?"
"I
just wanted to clear something up for ya that might be tuggin' at the back of
your head. I guess Mike and Gretchen had a talk yesterday `bout it, but I
wanted to have one with you."
"Sure.
Fire away." Kevin looked at Sean just a little nervously.
"You
already know about Mike and Jake. Well I wanted to tell you that I'm also a
part of that relationship. Think of it as a group thing."
Kevin
was dead quiet just trying to take in what Sean had told him. He looked up and
grinned. "You're fuckin' with me, dude. There's no way you're havin' sex with
two guys. No fuckin' way, dude; nice try."
Sean
smiled at him. "'fraid so, buddy. No jokes, no lies."
"But
you're like a total pussy hound; there ain't no way you're sleepin' with two
dudes."
"Yep,
sure the fuck
am
. And let me tell ya, ain't
no
broad got anything on what those two are capable of; what
all three of us are capable of. I don't mean to freak you out, Kev, but I'm
tellin' you the God's honest truth. The three of us are in a relationship."
Kevin
looked at him kind of stunned. "You ain't fuckin' around, are you?"
"Nope,
I ain't fuckin' around, Kevin. I know this is really hard to grasp; difficult
to adjust to, but I really hope you'll be OK with it. Our friendship means a
lot to me and I don't want to lose that over this."
Kevin
was still just looking at Sean, trying to figure out if he'd really heard him
right. "So you and Jake and Mike are boyfriends? That's really weird, dude."
"Well
it's kinda complicated but we make it work. And it's more like Jake and Mike
and me and Mike.
Me
and Jake are still brothers, but
yeah we have sex with each other; well in three-ways anyway. We've never done
anything with just the two of us."
Kevin
stood there shaking his head, trying to take it in. "I don't understand. How
can you, of all people, be having a three-way relationship with dudes?"
"Let
me try to explain it a different way. If Gretchen brought another girl into
your relationship and wanted to share her with you, would you do it?"
"Fuckin'
A!
In a heartbeat.
But that's
me with two women, not two dudes."
"OK.
Hang with me a second. You love Gretchen, of course, but you also find yourself
falling in love with the second woman. Gretchen was very okay with that, wanted
it as a matter of fact. Would that seem like a good thing to you?"
"Yeah...
I wouldn't have a problem loving two women at the same time; it'd be kinda hot
and kinda nice actually."
"So,
other than the fact it's two guys here, what's the difference?"
"It's
two guys. You're not gay. I mean, you know me Sean, I have absolutely no
problem with gay guys; I love Jake and Mike, but you're not gay, dude."
"No,
I'm not gay. I don't identify as gay. But what's wrong with being bi? Nobody
ever said you couldn't love both men and women. And believe me, it's really
hard not to love around this house; it's full of it, all the time. It's almost
overwhelmin' at times."
"So
you're in love with Jake and Mike?"
"Jake
and I have a different relationship; we've always loved each other deeply, but
not ever in-love with each other. We're brothers and we'll always be brothers.
But yeah, I'm very much in love with Mike. Like I said, it's kinda Jake and
Mike and me and Mike."
"But
all three of you have sex with each other...?" Kevin was still fighting to
understand.
"Yes.
That's how it started. We had a three-way the night after we looked at this
house the first time. I was talkin' shit, like usual, and they told me they
could get me off; make me call out to God. And goddamn, did
they
ever. It was the best sex I've ever had in my life, Kev. And it wasn't just the
sex, it was after, too. I felt so loved and needed and safe. I can't describe
for you, but yeah, I didn't know what hit me."
Kevin
sat thinking some more, just looking at Sean. "So you're in it for the hot
sex."
"No,
Kevin, not at all. Sure, the sex is still fuckin' amazing, but no, we could
stop having sex today and I would never leave these two. You know I'll never
leave Jake's side, but not Mike either. I love that guy with all my heart and
soul; you have no idea. I've never felt so loved and so safe in my whole life
and I will never give that up. It's taken me awhile to accept this so I don't
expect you to just say `oh ok' and be done with it. If you ever need to talk to
me, please do. I'll help you understand as much as I can. But I want this to be
okay with you. I will tell you though, that ultimately, those two men out there
are the only ones who truly matter."
"I'm
tryin', Sean. This is gonna take some getting used to, dude. I... I'll just say
this. You're happy; that's all that really matters to me, dude. The rest of it
is just... stuff. Just give me a little time to process all this." Kevin looked
at Sean with a lopsided grin.
"Thanks,
Kevin. I am happy; happier than I've ever been. Take all the time you need. I'm
here for ya if you need me."
"And
you said Mike and Gretchen talked about this yesterday?"
"That's
what Mike told us last night, yeah. She'd already figured it out, I guess.
Nothing like women's intuition, huh dude?"
"No
shit. She knows things about me before I know `em. Fuck. It's scary sometimes."
"You
ain't lyin', brother." Sean paused, looking at Kevin. "We OK, dude?"
"Of
course, Sean, we're always OK, brother."
Kevin
walked over and gave Sean a hug; a pretty long one for Kevin. They broke the
hug and looked at each other. Kevin just started grinning and soon Sean was
grinning just as big. They slapped each other on the back and headed back out
to join the rest of us.
"Everything
OK?"
I asked when they came back in.
"Everything's
Jake." Sean replied and we all looked at Jake and laughed.
Jake
looked around the room. "You're damn right everything's about me. Get over it
already."
It
was a little quiet for a few minutes but everyone got back in the spirit of the
holiday and started having a good time. Dinner was a huge success. I'd never
seen three happier men than Sean, Jake and Kevin. They just couldn't shovel
enough in fast enough to satisfy themselves. With every bite they just kept
praising Gretchen and I for the food and how great it tasted. No better praise
in my book than three happy men far from home, stuffing themselves until
they're sick. Gretchen decided this holiday was a pretty good thing; she loved
all the food; all the variety at just one meal. She also liked the pumpkin pie,
with or without a ton of whipped cream she told me. Kevin and Gretchen stayed
until about eight that evening. When they were getting ready to go Sean was
standing right behind me with his arms around my middle and his chin on my
shoulder. Kevin happened to look over and see it. He just got a shy smile on
his face and nodded to Sean. Jake walked the couple out to their car to say
more goodbye's and make sure Kevin was OK.
I
looked at Sean. "You OK, baby?"
"I'm
fuckin' great, baby! I love you. Thank you so much for dinner; it was a true
masterpiece. I'm gonna be gettin' a letter off to grandma tonight and tell her
I finally found someone who cooks better than her."
"High
praise indeed.
You're very welcome. You think Kevin's
gonna be OK?"
"Yeah,
he'll be fine. It may take him a little while, but he's a good guy; he'll come
`round. Like you and Gretchen thought; his main concern seems to be me being a
big ole homo." He laughed.
"Yeah,
but you're my big ole homo; that's all that matters to me."
"Me
too."
He kissed the side of my face and reached behind me
and grabbed my ass.
Jake
came back in the house, spotted us still standing there and got a huge grin on
his face. I don't know what he really thought about Sean and me but he seemed
very happy. And he loved taking pictures of us together; he must've filled up a
16-gig memory card by now. I stuck my finger up and motioned him over to us. I
felt the need to be the center of a Marine sandwich right then. We stood there
holding each other for a few minutes then broke it off and went our separate
ways, cleaning up stuff and getting ready for a quiet guys-night evening at
home together.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 14 (Chapter 5)

Chapter
14: Birthday Boy
Thursday,
October 17. Today was Jacob's actual birthday. We were still having the party
on Saturday but Sean and I had planned a small, private birthday bash as well. Things
were better this morning. Before leaving for the base Jake had brought Sean out
and helped into his new bed, making sure he had everything he needed. It kind
of sucked that he couldn't stay home, but the Marines weren't really much into
birthdays I guess. Sean and I both wished him a happy birthday and he left for
the base.
Sean
and I pretty much just hung out for the day, talking while I got a few things
ready for tonight. I got the cake in the oven and started my prep work on some
of the things we'd be having for dinner tonight. I was making all of his
favorites. Sean asked me about five times if I had the gifts all wrapped and
ready to go. I tried to assure him that I did. Sean had gotten him five games
for his X-Box and a book on game design. I had bought him a new backpack, a
pair of sunglasses he'd been ogling one day while we'd been in town, a package
of three regular jock straps in different colors, and one leather jock strap
with a zipper in the front. Sean had about laughed himself off the couch the
day I'd showed him. Together we had gotten him a silver bracelet that said,
`Jake Sean Mike  Forever' on the back. Sean and I had gone together to get it,
and I was just going to pay for it myself but he told me that if I thought I
was stubborn I hadn't seen anything. Besides, he said, if he didn't help pay it
really wouldn't be from both of us. I relented and almost 800 Euros later we'd
left the jewelry store.
Jake
got home at his usual time and spotted the banner I'd put across the entry way
from the kitchen to the living room that said, `Happy Birthday Jake!' on it. He
stopped and looked at it and turned to me, smiling.
"Thank
you, baby; I love it."
He
walked over to me and kissed me, then took me in his arms and just held on for
a couple of minutes. I would've been happy with this the rest of my life; there
was nothing like a Jake hug.
"You're
welcome. We're just getting started though. I have dinner almost ready, a cake
with some dude's name on it and presents for later. Why don't you go say hi to
our baby boy in there and then change into something less
military.
"
He
giggled. "I thought you liked me in military?"
"I
love you in military, baby; you're one fucking hot Marine, but I want you to be
comfy. Just throw on some shorts and a t-shirt. This is just a casual affair
with my two favorite guys in the world."
He
gave me one of his best smiles, squeezed my ass then went to go say hi to Sean.
I finished getting dinner ready and got the table set while he was talking to
his brother. About fifteen minutes later they were both standing in the doorway
to the kitchen, grinning and looking at me.
"What?"
Sean
turned to Jake. "I keep tellin' ya, man, we got him a maid's outfit. Something
like
a teddy with an apron on it." They both laughed and I
flipped them off.
"Mmmm
I smell lasagna! Fuckin' A! God that smells good. Thank you!"
"Anything
for the birthday boy.
Grab a chair guys and let's eat!
Dinner is served."
We
sat and ate a really good dinner, if I do say so myself, all of us talking and
making jokes. Jake was right; it was nice to have the family back. When we
finally finished gorging ourselves; Sean taking it easy, for Sean that is, we
pushed back from the table and Jake let out a huge belch. We looked at him like
he'd just set the house on fire then just busted up laughing.
"That's
better. Damn good food!"
After
Jake and I got up and helped Sean back into the living room and put him back on
his bed I went to grab the presents and sat them on the floor in front of Jake.
He just got a big, shit-eating grin on his face and looked at both of us;
spinning his head back and forth.
"All
for me?"
"No,
dude, a couple of `em
are
for Mike, but you get to
open `em. Of course they're all for you, dill weed."
Jake
grinned at me then just tore into the presents; ooing and ahhing as he opened
each one. I'd kept the bracelet behind me on the couch. He turned beat red when
he opened the leather jock and pulled it out, holding it up in front of his
face. Sean started laughing and I just winked at Jake. When he was done looking
at it he set it down, still a little pink and jumped up to hug Sean and I.
After hugs and kisses I asked him to sit back down and reached behind me and
pulled out the last gift.
He
got a big grin on his face. "Let me guess, a new cock ring?"
"You
wish... They don't make `em that small, dude."
"Bite
me! I didn't hear any complaints the last time it was down your throat." He
gave Sean an evil grin. Sean just turned a little red and smiled at him. I got
up and walked over and handed Jake is present.
"No,
baby, no cock ring, but it is from both of us. Sean even threatened to deck me
if I didn't let him pay half."
"I
did not! I just said you wouldn't be able to feel your balls for a week if I
didn't get to pay for half." He leered at me.
"However
it went; it's a little something from us to show you how much we love you."
Jake
took the gift I offered and began to slowly open it. I looked over at Sean
while Jake removed the paper and winked at him; he smiled at me and winked
back. When Jake finally had the paper off he opened the box and just stared at
it; eyes wide.
"Oh
my God... It's... It's beautiful, guys; holy crap! Thank you both so much; I love
it! And I love you both, but not in that order!"
"Well,
pull it outta the box, brother; we left you a note on the back."
Jake
pulled the bracelet out and then turned it so he could read the inscription.
When he was done he looked up at me, looking like he was about to burst into
tears.
"It's
OK baby, just know that we mean it."
I
smiled at him and the tears started to flow. He got up and threw his arms
around me. I hugged him back; holding him for a few moments then pulled him
back a little.
"Put
it on; let's see how it looks."
He
nodded then tried to put it on; his hands were shaking. I pulled it out of his
fingers and put it on his right wrist for him.
"There
you go, baby. It looks great on you."
He
smiled then turned around and bent over and gave Sean an equally engulfing hug.
They hugged for a couple of minutes; Jake saying thank you over and over and
telling him how much he loved him. Jake finally got himself together and stood
up; looking at both of us.
"I
don't know what to say... I love it! Thank you both soooooo much!"
"That's
all that needs to be said, Jake. You're welcome soooooo much!"
After
I got the paper and boxes cleared up and put away I went and got the cake, lit
the candles on it and brought it out to the living room to cheers and cat
calls. We sang `Happy Birthday' and started clapping again when Jake blew out
the candles. After cake we all sat around talking and just enjoying each
other's company; Jake looking at his new bracelet about every five minutes and
smiling. I guess we'd done well. We all finally made it to bed around 10:30
p.m., after getting Sean all tucked in. It had been a successful night. My two
guys were happy and I was feeling good about our future.
Friday
dawned like all the others and we all got our day started. Jake left for the
base and I did some work on the computer. About a half-hour before lunch time I
went to ask Sean what'd he like to have.
"Hey,
sexy man; got any ideas about lunch?"
He
smiled up at me. "None I'm allowed to do at the moment."
I
winked at him. "Soon, baby, soon. I can't wait to see that first load; over two
weeks without bustin' a nut; should be a geyser. Hope I'm there to taste it."
He
grinned at me. "You'd better be. I was kinda hoping you'd be the one to make me
bust."
"I'd
love to, baby.
So, back to food and lunch.
You OK with
just a sandwich; or would you rather have some leftover lasagna? I can do both
just as quickly; so don't just say a sandwich `cause you think it's easier for
me."
"You
know me too well; that's exactly what I was gonna do. Then hell yeah, I'll take
the leftover's. That dinner you made was fucking awesome, I want more!"
"Your
wish is my command. Be back in a few minutes with your chow."
I
went to the kitchen and spooned up a big hunk of lasagna and threw it in the
microwave. When it was done I split it in half and put it on two plates. Sean
and I ate lunch together at his bed, not really saying much; just shoveling
food in. After lunch I took his plate and mine back to the kitchen and rinsed
them off. There was something I'd wanted to talk to him about so I went back to
the living room.
"All
full?"
"Fuck
yeah. That was tasty; thank you."
"Anything
for one of my guys.
Hey, I want to talk to you about
something."
"Wait
a minute; let me put my thinkin' cap on." He made like he was putting on a hat.
"OK. Spill your guts." He grinned up at me.
"I
wanted to tell you thank you. I also wanted to tell you that if you ever do
that again I will kick your ass from here to breakfast."
He
looked a little shocked. "What'd I do?"
"The
other night in the kitchen with Jake?"
"Oh,
that..."
"Yeah,
that. I know what you did. And like I said, thank you; it seemed to work. But I
also know how incredibly hard it must've been for you to yell at Jake; I saw
the look in your eyes and my heart just broke for both of you. Please don't
ever put yourself or him in that kinda scene ever again."
He
sat quietly for a moment, looking chastised. "I'm sorry. You have my word I'll
never do that again; I could never do that again, it killed me. I yelled at him
when all I wanted to do was hold him."
"I
know, baby, I know. I could see it. And don't think I'm saying this to protect
him; it's to protect you as well. You really don't know how much I love you?"
He looked up at me. "I heard what Jake whispered to you that night, and he was
right. I do love you every bit as much as I love him."
"I'm
starting to realize it. I know you do. I also know that you and Jake have a
romantic love that I'm not a part of. I'm ok with that too; I know you both
love me, and I love you guys."
"You're
not really listening, Sean. I said I loved you every bit as much as Jake." He
looked at me harder, questioning. "Baby, I fell in love with you months ago. I
never thought I could be in love with two men at the same time, but it's
actually really easy. It's easy because of the two men I'm in love with. Don't
ever feel that you're second choice for me; you're second to no-one."
He
looked like he was about to cry. "Man... I..."
I
kneeled in front of him and took his face in my hands, rubbing my thumbs behind
his eyes. I just looked him right in the eyes and pulled his head slowly to me.
Our lips met and we kissed. It wasn't a tongue-war passionate kiss, but it did
clearly express our love for each other.
I
pulled back from the kiss and looked at him. "I hope that said even just a
little of what I wanted it to. I love you, baby. You're my man; every bit as
equally as Jake."
He
was still staring into my eyes, and then he nodded and a slow smile curled the
edges of his mouth. "It said a lot; I'm still hearing it. Wow, between that
kiss the other night and this one I don't have any more doubts; that's for
sure. So I'm your man too, huh?" He smiled big.
I
returned the smile. "Oh hell yeah, baby. I thank God every day of my life for
bringing you and Jake to me. I couldn't live without either of you."
"I
couldn't live without you and him either. I never would've thought in a million
years my life would turn out this way, but I'm sure the fuck happy it did. So
if you've been in love with me for months, why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"I
was afraid to." He looked at me like I'd said something really dumb. "I was
afraid of how you'd react. I was afraid of how Jake would react. I didn't think
you'd ever want to hear that a guy was in love with you. You're kinda straight
ya know..."
He
laughed. "Maybe not as straight as I want the world to believe. Don't ever be
afraid to tell me anything, Mike. For a straight boy I'm pretty open-minded."
He paused for a few moments. "If I'm honest with myself, and you, I started
falling in love with you a while ago too. It freaked me out a little, but not
anymore."
I
smiled. "You just made me a very happy homo, baby." He laughed. "I just hope
Jake's not gonna freak out any."
"I
think we're pretty safe on that front. You saw how happy he was the other night
after our kiss. He hasn't told me outright, but I'm pretty sure he's been
hoping for this for awhile. And I know that boy like the back of my hand, so I
think we're safe there."
I
smiled. "Good. I do have a question; and I should probably ask it with both of
you here, but here goes anyway. Are you in love with Jake, and do you think
he's in love with you?"
He
smiled. "I knew you were curious about that. But no, that's just not our
relationship. We love each other deeply but we're not in love with each other;
never have been."
"OK.
You're right, I've been curious about it for a long time. And just as an FYI,
for a straight boy you're an excellent fuckin' kisser."
He
laughed out loud. "Thanks. You're pretty fuckin' good at it yourself there,
stud."
"Yeah,
but I've never been straight." I gave him a lewd grin then we both laughed. "So
one more thing before I go make last minute arrangements for tomorrow. If Jacob
agrees, and he probably
will
, that room in there is no
longer to be called `Sean's room', it's just the `other room'. Your place is
with us, if you want it to be."
"I'd
love that. Thank you, Michael."
"You're
welcome. Now get some rest. I think I just might take a nap too; we're both
gonna need all the energy we can get for tomorrow. I'll go do these couple of
things then I think I just may join you; but on the couch. Your bed's too
small." It hit me after a second. "Oh, fuck, we can just go take a nap on our
bed. I'd like that."
"I'd
like that too; a lot. Go do your shit. I'll be waitin' for ya."
"OK
baby; be right back."
Sean
and I were asleep in our bed, Sean on his back, me tucked under his arm, my
head on his shoulder; my arm resting lightly across his chest; always mindful
of his stomach wound. I heard the sound of a throat being cleared. I opened my
eyes and there was Jake standing on the far side of the bed looking down at us.
I couldn't really read his face; I was still waking up.
"I
knew it! I knew one day I'd come home and find you two in fucking bed
together."
Uh
oh, this wasn't looking good. "Jake... Jacob..."
Sean
interrupted me. "Mike, don't even let him try that shit. I saw him outta the
corner of my eye when he walked in here. He was smiling like an idiot and
pumping his arm in the air. That and he took two or three pictures of us too; I
heard the camera on his phone."
I
looked up at Jake and sure enough he was grinning. "Boy... You've heard about
payback's being a bitch?"
"Payback
all you want. It's about fucking time you two figured out you love each other."
Jake just stood there grinning from ear to ear.
I
looked up at him, still not quite sure. "And you're happy about this...?"
"I
couldn't be any happier. I've wanted this for a long time; and I'm sick of
seein' you two giving each other looks and not sayin' anything. It's about time
you guys grew some fucking balls. So did you finally tell each other how you
really feel?"
"Yes,
we did. Wait a minute; what time is it? We didn't sleep all afternoon did we?"
"No,
it's a little after three. We got off early. And actually you two might want to
get up; at least you Mikey. Kevin's out in the other room; I'm not sure he's as
ready for this as I am."
"Probably
not."
I turned my face into Sean and kissed his skin.
"Well baby, I guess our romantic afternoon is over."
"I
guess so. Jake always did have lousy timing."
He
threw Jake an evil grin and he laughed. I pulled myself from under Sean and got
up. We'd been sleeping in nothing but our underwear so I threw some jeans and a
t-shirt on. I walked over to Jake and kissed him softly on the lips. He was
still grinning.
Kevin,
Jake and Sean were in our room just shooting the shit. I was out in the kitchen
looking through a cookbook for a bread recipe; fresh baked bread sounded good
to me. It was cold outside and I'd need something to do during the party
tomorrow. Jake walked into the kitchen, walked up to my back and slid his arms
around me, kissing me on the back of the neck. I turned around in his arms and
pulled him to me.
"That's
better; I missed my Jake hug when you got home."
"Well
you were kinda busy."
"I
wasn't busy; we were just taking a nap together."
He
giggled. "I know baby; just givin' you shit. So did you two finally have a
good, honest talk with each other?"
"Yes
we did. I told him I'd been in love with him for a few months. But that I was scared
to say anything because I didn't know how he'd react; or how you'd feel about
it. After a little while he admitted that he'd fallen in love with me too."
Jake
was grinning from ear to ear again. "Well it's about fucking time. I was
starting to think I'd have to lock you guys in a room, chained to the bed,
naked. Come to think of it, that's a hot image." He giggled again. "Really
though, I've know how you guys felt about each other for awhile. It's what I've
wanted. It makes me happy, baby. I want all of us to be equal; to be lovers."
"But
you and Sean aren't in love with each other. I asked him about it."
"No...
we're not. But that's not how we are; we're brothers. I guess in a way we are
kinda in love with each other, just not the same way you and I and you and he
are. It all works baby, quit worrying about how to define it; just go with it."
"I
am. Like I told Sean, it seemed a little strange to me at first to be in love
with two guys at the same time; that it would take away from the love I feel
for you, but it's easy because it's you two guys that I'm in love with. And my
love for you is just as strong as ever. I guess I figured out I didn't have to
take any from you to give to him; there was enough to go around."
He
grinned at me. "Well for such a smart guy it sure takes you a while to figure
some things out. I can't tell you how glad I am that you finally did though.
The bracelet you guys gave me last night means the world to me, but not as much
as this does, baby. See, you both knew when you got the bracelet how you felt;
that's why all three names are on it equally." He grinned at me `like stop
being such a ditz'.
"You're
right. Well I'm not fighting it. I'm not denying it. I'm happy we both grew
some balls and told each other. And I'm very glad you're happy about it. I was
afraid of that the most. I would never do anything to hurt you, baby. Always
know that."
"I've
never doubted it. So when do we move that boy into our room?"
I
laughed. "You're something else. I actually told Sean that that room was no
longer to be referred to as `Sean's room'. That if you agreed to it, he was to
be in our room with us. That it was all of ours."
"See
baby, you're learnin'. I never doubted you though."
He
pulled me back into him and hugged me tight. Then I found his lips covering
mine and we just starting making out with each other, my ass pressed against
the counter, his hand on the back of my head pulling me harder into him. It was
actually feeling really great; it'd been over a week since we'd done this. I
just melted into him and we stood there trying to inhale each other. I reached
down and grabbed his ass, pulling him up and into me; feeling our hard cocks
grinding against each other. We began moaning into each other's mouths, licking
and kissing each other, pulling harder and harder on each other's body. I
grabbed his ass hard in my hands then lifted him up off the floor and walked
across to the opposite counter and set him down on it, his legs wrapped around
me. I ran my hands up his back and grabbed his head, running my hands all
around it, pulling him into the kiss, our breathing and moaning becoming louder
and more feverish.
"Oh
shit! Sorry guys." Kevin had walked into the kitchen.
"Go
the fuck away, Kevin." Jake told him. I heard Kevin run out of the room.
Jake
grabbed the back of my shirt and started tugging on it, pulling it up my body.
I broke the kiss and let him pull it over my head, and then I was right back on
his mouth. We kissed for another minute, then I pulled back and grabbed the
front of his shirt and started undoing the buttons, my fingers shaking, just
trying to go as fast as I could. I finally got the buttons undone and ripped
his shirt off his sexy body and threw it behind him. We landed on each other's
mouths and resumed licking and kissing each other. After a few more minutes I
broke the kiss again and reached down to his pants, grabbed the front of the
waist band and starting undoing the buttons on his cammos. He was running his
hands through my hair while I struggled with the buttons. I finally got the
buttons undone and grabbed the waistband and started tugging his pants, pulling
them off his ass, him lifting up a little so I could get them off. I yanked his
pants down to meet up with his boots at his ankles then stood back up and fell
on his mouth again. We were both moaning and pulling on each other's body, just
trying to engulf each other. We kissed for a little while longer then I pulled
off his mouth, brought my hand to his chest and pushed him back a little. He
put his hands behind and kind of reclined a little on the counter and my head
went straight to his lap and I just engulfed his leaking cock in my mouth.
"Oh
God!
Oh fuck yeah, take my cock in your mouth, baby!"
I
just started sucking his cock like I hadn't seen it in months. I couldn't get
enough of it; I deep throated him over and over again, trying to make it become
one with my mouth.
"Oh
fuck! Suck my fucking cock, boy. God, that feels so good. Suck my cock, baby."
Never
having to be told twice to suck his cock I just rammed it in and out of my
throat, then taking his balls into my mouth and pulling hard, holding him in
me.
"Oh
yeah, suck my balls. Pull on my fucking balls, boy. I love it! Suck my fucking
balls..."
I
sucked his balls some more, pulling down every time then releasing them and
licking his sack. After a little while of this I went back to his cock and
swallowed it again, just running my mouth up and down, over and over again.
Jake had his left hand on my head, running his fingers through my hair and
grabbing my head, then pulling on my hair, then running his hand all over my
head.
"Oh
fuck, baby, suck my cock! Oh God yes, suck my fucking cock, boy."
I
reached up with my right hand and grabbed his nuts, pulling on them while my
mouth worked his cock as feverishly as I could. I was completely unaware of my
surroundings, I only knew I had his cock in my throat and I had to please him.
I sucked his cock for a few more minutes then pulled off and landing on his
mouth, stuck my tongue down his throat so he could taste himself. We licked and
kissed, moaning and panting then I went right back down to his throbbing cock
and engulfed it again. I still had his balls in my right hand and I reached up
with my left and started squeezing his pecs and pinching his nipples. He moaned
louder and was panting, trying to take in all the sensations his body was
experiencing.
"Oh
God baby, I'm getting close. That feels so fucking good! I'm getting close,
baby; you want it? You want my fucking load, boy!?"
I
pulled off his cock and looked up at him, pure lust in my eyes. "Oh fuck yeah.
Give me that fucking load, boy!"
I
took him back into my mouth and just started sucking for all I was worth,
running my fingers around his balls and squeezing his nipples hard. I sucked
for about another minute before I heard his warning.
"Fuck
yeah! Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum, baby. I'm gonna cum in your fucking mouth! Here
it comes, baby! Swallow my fucking cum, boy! Swallow my fucking load!
Argghhh!"
I
felt his cum flooding into my mouth and just swallowed and kept right on
sucking his beautiful cock. He had my hair in his hands and just pulled and
pushed, trying to fuck his cock deeper into my mouth, dumping his sweet load
down my throat. He tasted so good, I just couldn't get enough. I sucked and
milked him and squeezed his balls, trying to get as much as I could.
"Oh
fuck! Oh fuck! Take my fucking load, boy. Swallow my fucking cum! Oh God..."
He'd
finally emptied everything he had into my mouth and was panting like he'd run a
marathon. After he'd dumped everything he had in me he pulled me up by my hair
and brought me back to his face. He shoved my face to his and rammed his tongue
in my mouth, trying to taste what he'd just left there. We shared a little of
his cum back and forth in our mouths, just moaning into each other. I'd pulled
my cock out of my pants while he was dumping his load into me and I was beating
it furiously, getting closer and closer. I pulled off his mouth and stood back
from him a little and he watched me beat my cock. I started moaning and he knew
I was close.
"Yeah,
Mikey,
beat that fucking cock. Cum on me, baby, cum on
my fucking legs! I wanna see you bust, boy."
I
beat my cock for a few more seconds then I felt the jizz flying up my cock from
my balls and just pointed it at his crotch and thighs.
"Fuck
baby, here it cums!
Oh fuck!
Argghhh!"
I
started shooting, both of us watching it fly out of my cock, landing on his
thighs and balls, running down onto the countertop. I dumped about five loads
of hot jizz on his body, panting and watching it slide down his thighs.
"Oh
baby, that was hot as fuck! Fuck yeah! I feel
your
cum
running down my legs. Oh hell yeah, it feels fuckin' great!" He looked up at me
and smiled.
"You
liked that, huh?" I asked still panting a little.
"Oh
fuck yeah I did. It was fucking hot as hell."
He
smiled at me again and I moved back up to him, pulled him to me and kissed him.
I pulled back from the kiss, my hands on the sides of his head and just looked
at him, smiling.
"Oh
God, Jacob, I've missed you; I've missed that. That was so good, baby."
"Fuck
yeah it was; it was fucking hot as hell. I've missed you too, baby. We gotta do
this again. I've never done it in a kitchen before; it's hot as fuck though."
"Hey
we were here and I couldn't stop. But yeah..." pant "We gotta try this again."
We
grinned at each other like fools then I let go of his head and reached down and
put my dick back in my jeans and buttoned up. I looked back up at him when I
was done.
"Stay
right there you sexy fucker. I'll get a washcloth and clean you up."
I
got Jake all cleaned up and we got him dressed again. He was standing in front
of me, cleaning the countertop with disinfectant, facing the other way. I slid
my arms around him and pulled him to me and nuzzled his neck for a moment, and
then whispered in his ear.
"That
was sooooo good, baby. I love you."
"I
love you too. We definitely gotta do this again."
"Anything
you want..."
"I'll
never be able to eat out of this kitchen again. You two finally get that outta
your system?"
It
was Sean, standing in the doorway with a huge grin on his face. Kevin was
standing next to him looking embarrassed and not knowing which way to point his
eyes.
"For
now, but we promised we'd do it again sometime. I guess you'll just have to
order take-out from now on." I looked over at Kevin. "Don't be so embarrassed,
Kevin; it's just us."
Jake
and Sean laughed. Kevin just looked at me sheepishly. "I'm sorry I interrupted.
Believe me I'm sorry. I don't know if I'll ever get that image outta my head."
The
other two giggled. "Damn, Kevin, you only saw us making out, not fucking. Get
over it." I said smiling at him. "Haven't you ever just been overcome with love
and lust?"
"Yeah,
but I don't just start doing it in the kitchen. Gretchen would rip my dick off
if I did something like that." He still looked embarrassed.
Jake
jumped on that one. "Fuckin' straight boys; don't know shit!" He smiled at
Kevin. "Why don't you just try it sometime, she might actually like it. It's
passionate and exciting."
"Whatever...
Even with the fucking door closed you two are kinda noisy. Damn..." He looked at
Sean. "How the fuck do you ever get any sleep around here?"
"Earplugs."
Sean gave Kevin a shit-eating grin.
"I'd
need earplugs, ear muffs and a fuckin' football helmet."
"Damn,
dude, we weren't that loud; I was just sucking his cock. Get over it." I smiled
over at him.
"T.M.I.
dude, T.M.I." He looked back at me and smiled.
"You're
right. Sorry.
You stayin'
for dinner?" Jake and Sean
just busted up laughing.
"Only
if you're ordering out."
"We
cleaned the damn counter off, jeez. Suit yourself; it's left-over lasagna. Word
around here is it's one of your favorite foods. But if you can't handle it..."
"Well
since you didn't make it after, then I guess I can eat."
He
smiled and then looked at the other two and just shook his head. We did finally
get around to eating dinner and not long afterward Gretchen picked up Kevin and
they left. We had a nice, quiet evening together just watching television. We
went to bed around eleven, Sean joining us in our room. It was nice to have my
two men in bed with me; and not just for sex. I slept quite well, feeling loved
by these two beautiful men.
The
birthday party the next day went off without a hitch. Everyone started showing
up around eleven and I think the last person left around seven that evening.
There were about fourteen people there; all guys expect for Gretchen, and they
got an impromptu football game going. They were all having a blast. I looked
out the kitchen window at one point and it was snowing lightly. I was thrilled;
I love the snow and this was the first I'd seen since earlier in the year in
Denver. It was the perfect accent to the football game going on outside.
Gretchen was playing the single cheerleader and the guys were all having a
really good time. I turned from watching it snow and noticed Sean sitting there
in his office chair looking outside. He looked wistful.
"Hey,
baby, don't feel bad. This is the first game of the season; you'll be out there
kickin' ass by the next one." I smiled at him and he kind of smiled back. I
knew he felt left out and like an invalid.
"Yeah,
I know, but it still sucks. I've been sittin' here watchin all the mistakes
some of `em have made knowin' I coulda pounced right on it and took their ass
down. I'll be OK. Just sittin here thinking and wishin' I'd kept my dumb ass
home that night."
"Sean,
you can't just stay home all the time because some psycho boyfriend might be
out there. You'd go nuts anyway; it's not in your character to sit at home all
the time. You wouldn't be happy if you weren't out stirrin' up some kind of
trouble." I smiled at him again.
"Yeah,
that's true. But I still wouldn't be sitting here on my ass watchin' them play
football if I hadn't been out stirin' up trouble. Jake told me I never had to
leave this house to be loved; and to make love, but I still went out. Now look
at me; sitting here all gimpy."
"Well
Jake was right about that part, but I still don't see you stayin' home all the
time once you're back on your feet. And you're not gimpy, fuck stick." He
laughed. "You're just takin' some time to heal."
"Who
you callin' fuck stick, perv?"
He was finally
grinning. It looks good on him.
"You,
you sexy motherfucker."
We grinned at each other. "Now get
that fine ass of yours over here and I'll teach you how to be a good gay boy
for your two men; you can help me make bread."
He
busted up laughing. That's exactly what I'd been aiming for. I hated seeing him
so down; it was so unusual and it hurt to see him this way. He had that
beautiful smile of his back on his face, where it belonged. He winked at me and
smiled.
"Thank
you, baby, I needed that more than you'll ever know. But I can't see myself
bakin' bread; that's women's work." He stuck his tongue out at me and got a
shit-eating grin on his face.
"Laugh
it up, boy; I got your women's work right here." I grabbed my crotch and thrust
my hips towards him. The little fucker just licked his lips and told me to
bring it on.
"I'd
love to, baby, but not yet, not just yet. Now get your lazy ass off that chair
and get over here."
He
pushed himself off the chair and walked over to me, still grinning. When he was
about a foot away from me I took a spoon full of flour and flicked it right in
his face. He was actually just shocked for about three full seconds.
"You
dirty motherfucker! I'll get you for that!"
He
reached his hand into the bowl, grabbed a handful of flour and threw it at me.
I knew it was coming and I dodged but he still got me pretty good. We were both
laughing our asses off.
"OK,
baby, stop! Stop! I don't wanna clean up a huge mess, but you deserved that for
that `women's work' comment." He started reaching for another handful, still
laughing, "Don't you dare, fucker! Don't! I'll make you wish you hadn't... Don't
do it!" He had the flour in his hand ready to throw, no longer laughing but
just an evil grin on his face.
"And
just what are you gonna do about it?"
"I'll
lock your ass outside. You'll be out there like Fred Flintstone wailin' on that
fuckin' door." He started laughing again.
"Fuck
it, I like Fred!" He threw the flour at me, nailing me right in the face with
it. We were both laughing hysterically, looking like a couple of stone cold
idiots.
"You
fucker!
I can't believe you did that!" We were both still
laughing.
"Well
you did it first! That was just payback, and just like you told Jakey, paybacks
are a fuckin' bitch!" He laughed some more.
He
walked over to me and pulled me in his arms. We looked like fools standing
there covered in flour hugging each other. We were still laughing our asses off
and Gretchen chose that moment to walk in. We pulled away from our hug and looked
at her. She lost it; she just started laughing and pointing at us.
Sean
finally regained some control and looked at her like she was a crazy. "What?
We're bakin' bread. Jeez woman, get a grip." She laughed more.
She
finally calmed down enough to talk. "I'll say one thing; it's never boring
around here. You two look like idiots, but it's so funny!"
Sean
got an evil look in his eyes then held my head in his hands, licked up the side
of my face and smacked his lips. "I don't think it's ready yet." We all started
laughing again.
We
finally got calmed down, Gretchen shaking her head and heading back outside.
Sean and I just looked at each other, still giggling.
"Oh
fuck, baby! I haven't laughed like this, or had that much fun in a long time.
Now you get to help me clean up this mess you made."
"ME!?
Besides, that's woman's work too; don't even try it. You said I was your man,
so snap to it, baby." He snapped his fingers and leered at me.
I
looked around to make sure the coast was clear then kissed him. "Nice try,
Fred; just remember that when you're outside freezin' your ass off."
"It
ain't ever gonna happen, baby. You just keep dreamin' the dream." He smiled at
me and winked, then kissed me back. "I love you, baby. That was a fuckin'
blast. Thank you."
We
finally got the mess cleaned up; well I cleaned the floor `cause I didn't want
him bending over pulling stitches, but he cleaned my face for me, and my shirt
as best he could. We did eventually get serious and started making the bread
together. He found that he was actually enjoying it, though still mumbling
about it being woman's work. I just told him to man up and quit his bitchin'.
Apparently
Gretchen had told Jake about it and he came in about an hour later just
grinning at us, wanting details.''
"Fuck!
I wish she'd taken a picture; that would've been classic! Like Facebook
material classic."
Sean
beat me to it. "Oh no you don't, you little shit! I see any pictures of us on
Facebook like that and you'll be the one locked outside wailin' on the door
like Fred Flintstone."
Jake
started laughing but then looked at us kind of seriously.
"Who
the fuck is Fred Flintstone?"
Sean and I lost it.
"Jeez
boy!
Twenty-one and still don't know shit. He's a
cartoon character. You've never seen the Flintstones?" Sean seemed concerned
that someone had actually missed it.
"No!
I don't watch that old school crap."
"We
gotta
learn
you some Flintstones, Jakey; you'll like
it, I promise. Have I ever steered you wrong before?"
"Well
no, but I'm not that interested in watchin' some old school crappy cartoon."
"Just
try it. If you don't laugh I'll suck your dick.
Deal?"
Jake
got a huge grin on his face. "You really think I'll let myself laugh now that I
know what's at stake?"
"Shut
up, fuck stick! You'll like it. Go back outside and play with your little
friends. We're doin' woman's work in here and you're trackin' up my damn
floor!" Jake and I both started laughing.
Jake
looked at both of us, still giggling. "OK, OK. I'll let you two gals get back
to your cookin' and cleanin'." He took off running when he saw the looks on our
faces.
Sean
turned to me and smiled. "See baby, you just have to know how to handle them
youngin's; `specially the awnry ones." He got really Tennessee sometimes.
"I'll
keep that in mind, baby." We just looked at each other and started laughing
again.
All
in all it was an incredibly fun Saturday. Jake had a blast with his Marine
buddies playing football, Sean and I did eventually pull off getting a couple
of good loaves of bread out of the oven and the three of us had a great time
watching reruns of The Flintstones on the cartoon network that evening. Jake
did laugh several times, so Sean was saved; though he'd blown Jake several
times already in the last four months. We all went to bed that night a very
close and very happy threesome. Our family was back and stronger than ever.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 13 (Chapter 6)

Chapter
13: Recovery
It
was Tuesday, October 15; two days before Jake's twenty-first birthday. I really
wanted it to be special; you only turn twenty-one once. I had originally planned
a huge party for him with all of his Marine buddies this coming Saturday, but
with Sean laid up and Jake playing nurse I didn't know if it was the right
thing to do. I figured I'd ask Sean about it. I walked back to his room and
knocked on the door frame.
"Mind
if I join you?"
"Mike!
Hell yeah, come on in!"
I
went in and sat on the edge of his bed. I reached down and put my hand on his
arm and rubbed it a little. "How're you feelin'?"
"Not
bad. Just hangin' out, lookin' at the walls. Speakin' of, can we do a different
color in here?"
"Yeah,
sure. Why?"
"Well
it looked really good just seein' it once in a while, but fuck, dude, staring
at it all the time gets a little disturbin'." He looked up at me and grinned.
"I
bet. Yeah, we can change the color."
"Cool.
So what's shakin' bacon?"
"I
was thinking about Jake's birthday party. Do you think we should still go ahead
with it?"
"Why
wouldn't we?"
"Well
with you on your back." He smirked and grinned at me. "Shut up; I didn't mean
it that way, smart-ass. I meant with you laid up and Jake playing nurse Ratchet
24-hours a day, it just might not be the right thing."
"I
think it's just what he needs. He needs to quit hovering over me; he's driving
me crazy. He needs to see that I'm OK and life's back to normal. You can't
cancel this party, Mike."
I
sighed. "OK. We'll have the party as planned. I just hope he likes it."
"He's
gonna fuckin' love it! Quit worrying so much, dude; you're gonna get an ulcer.
Then you'll just have him hoverin' over you all the time; and it's not as much
fun as it looks, believe me."
"That
bad, huh?"
"It's
like he morphed into my mother. Kinda scary if you think about it that way." He
shivered and I smirked.
"I
could get him a hot, little nurse's uniform if you think that'd help you out."
He
started laughing and grabbed his stomach. "Oh fuck! Don't make me laugh like
that; it hurts. That would be fuckin' priceless though. But I don't think that
would do it for me. God knows I love him, but I think the nurse's uniform would
do more for you than me." He grinned at me.
"No...
I like him all man. The cammos do more for me than any nurse's uniform would."
Sean
smiled up at me. "Yeah, he is a cute little fucker when he's playin' soldier."
"Yes
he is." I sat and thought for a minute.
"You're
picturin' him right now, aren't you, you perv?"
"No...
I really wasn't. I was just thinking about things. About how my life has
changed so much since I met you guys."
"For
the better I hope."
"Oh,
God yes, Sean; much better; better than I could've imagined."
"Good."
He smiled at me again. I snapped myself out of my reverie and smiled back at
him.
"You
need anything? I can grab you a soda or somethin'."
"No
Mike, I'm fine. You don't have to wait on me hand and foot. I'm a big boy."
I
winked at him and gave him a lewd smile. "Well OK, Big Boy... If you need
anything just holler."
"Will
do. Now let me give you a hug and then get the hell outta here."
I
bent down and he wrapped his arms around my shoulders and neck and hugged
tight. I hugged his head to me and we just held each other for a minute. He
released me from the hug, smiled at me and told me to get out.
I
walked back to my office and sat down at my computer. I had a few more things
to plan for the party and also a little research to do. I wanted to know more
about PTSD. I was becoming more and more convinced that both of them had it. I
couldn't even begin to image what they witnessed that day, but they were both
spending so much energy hiding it from the world and themselves that some day
they would break. I wanted to know how to be prepared for that day. I found
several good articles about it, but still didn't think I was ready to handle it
by myself. I had to wait until Sean was back on his feet anyway; now wasn't a
good time to open that can of worms.
Jake
got home around twenty after five. He'd been riding his mountain bike to the
base; he didn't want me leaving Sean alone; even long enough to run him to the
base. We had dinner with Sean in his room; Jake didn't want him hurting himself
by walking to the dining room. I could see what Sean had been talking about. My
stud Marine had turned into a mother hen. I cleared all the dishes away when we
were finished and decided I'd just throw them in the dishwasher and let the
guy's just hang out together. I hadn't seen much of Jake since Sean had been
home; he was too busy with his nursing duties to notice me. I missed him. I
grabbed the book I'd been reading and went and curled up on the couch to read.
There's nothing like a nice, quiet evening at home; alone. A few hours into my
book and I fell asleep on the couch. The next thing I knew Jake was touching my
shoulder, waking me up. It was morning. Apparently I'd slept there all night
unnoticed.
"Mike,
wake up. I'm getting ready to leave for the base. Did you sleep here all
night?"
I
looked up at him. Duh, I thought to myself. "Yeah, I guess I did. I must've
passed out while I was reading. It's cold as hell in here; didn't anyone turn
the heat on?"
"I
guess not. You always take care of that so I didn't even think to do it."
"You
didn't notice it was getting a little cold in here?"
"I
guess not."
I'd
woke up on the wrong side of the couch and I was starting to get angry; and
just a little hurt that he hadn't even noticed I'd been missing since dinner.
"Well
I guess that makes sense; there's a lot you haven't noticed lately."
"What
do you mean?"
"Well
for one, you didn't even notice I'd been MIA for thirteen hours. The last time
I saw you was at dinner, and you never even noticed I was gone after that."
"You
weren't gone, you were out here reading. I saw you when I got a glass of water
outta the kitchen."
"Didn't
you wonder when you went to bed how long I was going to stay out here reading?"
"I
guess not; I just figured you'd come to bed when you were ready."
"OK,
I guess you don't see it, so there's no point in having this conversation. Go
ahead and go to the base; I'll look after Sean. See ya tonight."
He
stood there looking down at me with a hurt look. I didn't care. Well I did, of
course, but I was feeling hurt too and didn't feel like dealing with his.
"Why
are you angry with me?"
"I'm
not angry. I'm hurt. I'm feeling left out. I'm feeling abandoned. I'm lonely.
But I'm not angry." I just looked at him; looking for some sign that he got it.
"I'm
sorry. Sean needs me to take care of him."
"Sean's
been home for three and a half days; he's doing fine. He's not gonna get hurt
while he's in his room. You really... Never mind. Just go. Go to work. I'll take
care of Sean while you're gone." I got up and walked around him heading for the
bathroom.
While
I was standing over the toilet there was a faint knock on the door, followed by
a quiet Jake. "I'm sorry, Mike. I Love you. I'll see you tonight. Bye...."
"I
love you too..."
When
I finished in the bathroom and came out, Jake had gone. I walked down the hall
towards the kitchen to see if there was any coffee; knowing there wouldn't be
because I'm the one that `usually took care of that'. I got the coffee started
and decided I'd better go check on Sean; God forbid he was alone for more than
three minutes. I got to his room, looked in and knocked lightly on the door
frame.
"Hey,
Mike."
"Hey,
Sean. You OK; you need anything?"
"Just
like you told Jake, I'm fine. Don't worry about me."
"You
heard that, huh?"
"Yeah...
You were right to tell him. You need to tell him when he hurts your feelings;
don't let him get away with that shit."
"Maybe,
but I don't know if it accomplished anything."
"You
never know; maybe it'll snap him outta this shit. He's driving me crazy and
he's hurting you. He needs to realize it."
"I
just don't want him thinking he's doing wrong by taking care of you and
ignoring me; that he's not doing the right thing. What he thinks he needs to
do, if you know what I mean."
"I
know what you mean, but he is doing wrong. He doesn't need to ignore you to see
that I'm OK. He doesn't have to spend every minute with me. I know he's scared
and I know he blames himself for me getting hurt, but he still needs to realize
that you're here too and you need him sometimes."
I
sighed. "I'm supposed to be a big boy and able to take care of myself; I did it
for an awfully long time. I just miss him."
"I
know. You haven't lost him, Mike. He's just temporarily out of order, I guess."
He smiled up at me.
I
smiled back at him. "Nice..." We both grinned. "I've got coffee brewing; you
wanna cup?"
"Sure!
Make mine a double. Thanks."
"Anytime.
Thanks, Sean; for listening."
"Anytime."
He thought for a second. "Dude, you need to remember that we love you just as
much as you love us; there's nothing Jake or I wouldn't do for you. Keep that
thought in your mind every time you're feelin' blue; it's what I do and it
helps."
"Thanks,
Sean. I will."
I
walked back to the kitchen to see if the coffee was ready; it was. I poured two
cups and took one to Sean. He was reading something and just took the cup
absentmindedly so I left him to his own devices and went to take a shower. When
I was done and dressed I looked in on Sean then went to find something to do. I
started cleaning. It was actually pretty good therapy and it made the day go
by. Sean and I had lunch together in his room and just bullshitted the whole
time. He gave me shit about cleaning and told me I should be wearing a maid's
uniform. After lunch I continued my cleaning gig and got dinner started. Before
I knew it the clock read 5:18 p.m. and I knew Jake should be home any minute. I
had my head stuck in the fridge when Jake walked in the door; he came up behind
me and rubbed my butt. I guess this was his way of making up. It wasn't a bad
one either. I pulled my head out of the fridge to pull him into me and when I
got my arms around him and looked over his shoulder, Sean was standing in the
doorway of the kitchen, fully dressed. I was kind of shocked; he really wasn't
supposed to be up and about just yet. Jake felt me tense up, looked at my face
and saw I was looking over his shoulder; he turned to see what I was looking
at.
"Sean!!
What the fuck're you doing?"
"I'm
hungry. I came out for dinner."
"You're
not supposed to be walking around. What the fuck are you doing? I'll bring you
your dinner."
"I'm
tired of being waited on. I wanted a waitress with bigger tits, but that ain't
gonna happen around here so I figured I'd just come out and eat with you guys."
"You
can't do that!! You have to stay in bed. I'll bring your dinner in to you!"
"Fuck
that! I want to eat dinner with my family! You see me standin' here, don't
you?" I knew what he was doing, I just didn't know if was going to make things
worse; for all of us.
"Sean,
you can't be up and around! You have to heal! You have to get better!" Jake was
starting to freak out. He had long ago walked around me and was standing in
front of Sean.
"Back
the fuck off, Jake! I'm a grown man and I don't need you hovering over me
24-hours a fuckin' day. Let me eat dinner with my fuckin' family!"
Jake
just stood there, shocked. I felt bad for him. I felt bad for Sean too; I knew
it couldn't be easy for him to say that to Jake. I doubt he'd ever spoken
harshly to him the whole time they'd known each other. I decided I had to step
in.
"Sean,
don't do this... I know what you're doing; don't do this. You said it yourself;
he'll come around when you're better."
"I'm
not doing anything! I just wanted to eat dinner with my family, at the goddamn
table, like normal people do! I don't need a nurse maid to spoon feed me my
fuckin' food."
Jake
had tears streaming down his face. Sean looked at him and then closed his eyes.
This was not a good scene.
"Sean,
Jake's just trying to help. But OK; fine. Let's eat. I'll get dinner on the
table and we'll have a nice family dinner; the three of us together." I turned
around and started getting dishes out.
Jake
stood in front of Sean just looking at him. "Sean...? Why? Why are you being mean
to me? I just want to help. I want to make you feel better."
Sean
looked back at Jake and felt the pain he'd caused his best friend. "Jakey...? I...
I just wanted to have dinner with you guys; nothing more. I know you want me to
get better and I know you're just trying to help. And you have; I do feel
better. But Jake, you can't just dedicate your whole life to me. It's not fair
to you, Mike or me. We have to move on, brother."
"But
you're not healed yet; the doctor said at least two weeks. You're not ready. I
just want to help, Sean; I need to help you."
"Brother,
you do help me; you always have. But Jake, you can't just worry about me; you
have to take care of yourself and Mike too. Mike needs you too, Jake."
"Mike
understands. He knows you have to get better; he knows I have to make you
better."
"No,
Jakey, he doesn't know that. And no, it's not up to you to make me better. This
isn't your fault; you didn't do this. You don't have to make up for anything.
This was just an accident, Jake; you didn't hurt me and you don't have to make
me feel better. I'll feel better soon; I promise, Jake. I've never lied to you.
I promise I'll feel better. But you can't do this anymore; you can't feel
responsible."
I
was just sitting in one the dining room chairs watching; tears running down.
Hell all three of us were making a river by then.
"But
Sean, you need me to help. I want to help. Just like before, brother; I'm here.
I'll always be here."
"I
know you are, Jake; I know. But this isn't your fault; just like before, this
isn't your fault, and you're not responsible. You didn't do this, Jake..."
Jake
stood and looked at him, his eyes pleading with him to let him help. "I'm
sorry... I'm sorry. I was just trying to help you, Sean."
"You
do help me; all the time. I couldn't make it without you. But you have to take
care of you and Mike too. You just need to throttle back a little, dude; it
doesn't just have to be all or nothing. I love that you care so much. I love
that you want to take care of me. I love you with all my heart and soul, Jakey.
I just want you to chill a little. Will you do that for me? Please?"
"You
know I'd do anything for you."
"I
know you would, and I love you for that; more than you realize. So do this for
me, OK?"
Jake
nodded his head, but I don't think he was convinced. He was just doing it
because Sean said he wanted it. Sean walked up to him and pulled Jake into a
hug; both of them starting to cry. I was still sitting on the chair, my heart
in my throat, making my own puddle on the floor.
They
held each other for about five minutes, both of them crying it out. Sean
finally broke the hug and looked into Jake's face. He gave him a small smile
and then turned to look at me.
"What
are you still doing way over there? We love you too; get your ass over here."
I
got up and walked over to them and joined in a nice three way hug. When we
finally broke it up and made sure everyone was feeling better, Jake and I
helped Sean sit at the table and I got dinner ready to serve while Jake set the
table. We did have a nice family dinner together. It was a little quiet at
first, everyone was still kind of emotional, but we finally relaxed and started
to enjoy each other's company again; just like we always did. We just sat and
talked after we'd finished eating and I'd come up with a plan of sorts that
might make Jake feel better and get Sean out of that damn room more often.
"I
have a plan guys. Hear me out and tell me what you think."
"Lay
it on us, baby." Jake smiled over at me.
"Why
don't we just set up a bed for Sean out in the living-room? That way Jake can
keep an eye out, we can spend some family time together and not be cooped up in
that bedroom. Sean will have a change of scenery when he needs it, and also not
have to be cooped up in that damn room all the time. You already said that the
walls were starting to make you nauseous."
They
both sat there and thought about it for a minute, and then both of them,
grinning from ear to ear, looked at me. Sean spoke first.
"Goddamn,
I knew we kept you around here for more that your sexy body and good cookin'.
Why the fuck couldn't we think of that four days ago?" We all laughed.
"That's
a great idea! I love it. I get to spend more time with both of my guys, and
still be able to do stuff to help out around here. And like you said, Sean,
it's only going to be for a few more days. This should work!"
Jake
looked happy for the first time in a week. Sometimes the most insurmountable
looking problems have the simplest solutions. If only I'd come up with it four
days ago.
We
all started talking at once about where to put the bed, how to set everything
up and how great it would be to live like we used to. Jake and I both jumped up
from the table and started moving shit around in the living room. Sean offered
to help, but after a look from Jake, thought better of it. The dirty dishes
just sat on the dining table and none of us gave a damn. We got everything set
up in about twenty minutes, grabbing the twin sized bed out of the garage we
had originally bought for Sean before we figured out he should have a bigger
one. Jake had Sean's new bed made in less than two minutes, with military
precision. I walked over to it, pulled a coin out of my pocket and bounced it
off the bed. They both howled with laughter. God, it was nice to see them both
happy again; especially Jake.
"Damn,
Jake, you do nice work." I looked at him with big grin on my face.
"Thanks."
He smiled at me. It looked so good.
I
had a thought they might both enjoy. "So who gets to strip Sean so he can check
out his new bed?"
Sean
looked at me with an evil grin. Jake lit up. I laughed when I saw him. But he
surprised me yet again.
"You
do. It was your idea."
I
looked back over at Sean and he winked at me. Jake walked over to me, hugged me
quickly then shoved me over towards Sean. I walked up to him and held my hands
out. He looked up at me and smiled shyly.
"Come
on, stud, this won't hurt a bit." He laughed and put his hands in mine.
I
pulled him up and then led him over to his new bed, turned him around facing
me, the bed to my left. I reached down and pulled the covers back, having to
tug a little to get them free. I stood back up, facing him. We looked each
other in the eyes for a moment, just kind of getting lost. I put my hands on
the side of his face and pulled him to me, our lips meeting, our mouths opening
and our tongues searching each other's out. I'd never really kissed Sean
passionately before. Sure we'd kissed, but it was only during sex; not just a
nice, slow passionate kiss. We melted into each other, our mouths hungry for
the other. Sean had his arms around my waist, my hands still on his face and we
just held the kiss for about a minute. When we broke the kiss and pulled back
from each other a few inches, Jake started clapping and cheering. Sean and I
both turned red but then started giggling. We both turned and looked at Jake, a
little chagrinned.
Jake
was beaming at us. "Finally! Fuck, I've been waiting four months for you two to
do that!" We both looked at him like he'd lost his mind. "What? You needed to
do that; you needed to show each other how much you love each other."
Sean
was still holding my hips and I had my hands resting on his neck. We turned
back to face each other. We looked into each other eye's for a moment then
separated. I stepped back from him a few more inches then reached for his shirt
to pull it out of his jeans. He started to lift his arms up like usual, but I
shook my head no. He wasn't supposed to stretch like that just yet. I got the
shirt up to his arm pits, then pulled his arms through the holes one by one and
then lifted the shirt over his head. I turned and threw the shirt at Jake and
he caught it and laughed. I looked down at Sean's waist and noticed he was
wearing a pair of the 501's I'd bought him several months ago; they were nice
and faded and soft now. I looked back to his face and he winked at me and
smiled. I blushed and he giggled.
He
spoke, barely above a whisper. "I wore `em for you. Every time I wear `em it's
for you..."
I
almost burst out crying. I caught myself and just gave him a quick kiss
instead. I looked back down at his waist and started to undo the buttons. I got
the last button undone and pulled the material aside a little so the jeans
would slide over his hips. He was wearing his usual tighty whiteys and his cock
was rock hard inside of them. This wasn't a time for sex, but I took a good
long look anyway. I then lowered myself to my knees and tugged his jeans down
to his ankles. When I got down there I untied his tennis shoes and pulled them
off his feet, one by one, leaning up and throwing them to Jake. I stood back up
and then ran the palm of my hand all the way up the shaft of his cock, starting
with his balls. He shivered and moaned. I then stood back and took his hands in
mine again and turned him to his left so his butt was facing the bed. I looked
him in the eyes again.
"I'm
so sorry, baby; you don't know how much I'd love to please you, but not now,
not tonight. You're not supposed to be having sex. And I would never do
anything to hurt you."
He
nodded and smiled at me. I held his hands while he sat on the bed, still
looking up at me. Once he was sitting I lowered myself back to my knees and
pulled his jeans off his legs, one at a time, then reached around and threw
them to Jake. I stood back up and touched his face softly.
"I
do love you, you know."
"I
love you too, just as much."
I
pulled my hand away from his face and smiled at him. I reached down and held
the covers up for him and he spun his legs in and got in bed. I pulled the
cover up to his waist, coving that beautiful cock of his, and stood back up. I
turned and looked at Jake. I was a little worried he might think we'd gone too
far with all of that. I was met with a beautiful smile; the kind I remembered
getting from him and had missed so much lately, and a nod of his head. I smiled
back at him.
We
spent the rest of the evening talking and laughing. Being the family we'd been
just a week before. The dishes never did get washed that night, but oh well...
We stayed up and talked `til about midnight, then Jake and I helped him up and
led him to his bedroom. Jake went back into nurse mode and made sure he was
alright and all tucked in and ready for the night. When he was done he just
looked at Sean and then whispered to him. I was standing at the door but I
still heard what he said.
"I
told you he loved you as much as I do. Don't ever doubt that again."
Jake
kissed him on the forehead then stood back up and reached to turn off the
bedside lamp. "I love you Sean. Goodnight."
"I
love you too, Jakey. Sleep well. I love you Michael."
"I've
never doubted it. I love you too, Sean. Sweet dreams."
Jake
and I went to our room and got ready for bed. We had no intention of having sex
tonight, it was too late to start and it'd been too much of an emotional day.
Jake and I climbed into bed and wrapped each other up in our arms.
I
looked at him and smiled. "I think we have our family back together, baby."
He
grinned at me. "Yeah we do. I couldn't be happier."
"That
goes double for me."
He
laughed and then kissed me. He pulled back from the kiss and looked at me.
"I
love you, Mikey. I'll never stop loving you. Even if it seems like I'm far away
sometimes, know that I love you."
"I
never doubt your love for me, baby. I feel it all around me every day. I do get
scared when you go far away, but I always know you love me."
"Don't
be scared anymore. Sean and I will never leave you alone; never."
"I
know, Jacob. Believe me; I know it in my heart. I love you, baby. Sweet
dreams."
"Sweet
dreams"
We
both closed our eyes and fell asleep quickly.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 12 (Chapter 7)

Chapter
12: Unbridled Fear
It
was the second week in October, and Jake and I have been together and in the
new house for four months now. I've been back to Denver twice, taking care of business
and getting my life there packed up and squared away. I'd decided to keep the
house there and just rent it out. Jake wasn't going to re-up and we'd need a
home if we decided to ever return from Germany. I did take the opportunity to
tell my parents about Jake; though leaving Sean out of the equation. I felt bad
about that too, but presenting my parents with one twenty-something boyfriend
was enough; I don't think they would ever understand having two of them. There
was very little said about Jake's age and they said they were pleased to
finally see me so happy and content.
We
had become a family. It was a strange, dysfunctional, loving, erotic and
never-boring family, but a family none the less. We really only had our
`week-ends' once or twice a month, but we did live as a family a lot of the
time. Sean was at home with us as often as not, but just as a member of the
family; sharing our daily lives with us. I had grown to love him as much as I
loved Jake; as much as Jake loved him. Neither Jake nor I were in-love with
him, we saved that for each other, but he was everything else to us. I had
started this adventure with them never truly believing it would really work;
now I couldn't ever imagine being without both of them. Sean had a birthday two
weeks ago and Jake's was coming up in a week. My guys were getting older, and I
was so proud of the men they were and the men they were becoming.
Sean
was just as girl-crazy as he'd ever been; we all knew that would never change,
and we loved him more because of it; he always stayed true to himself. Kevin
and Gretchen are still together; Gretchen still leading poor Kevin around by
his balls, but that was there dynamic and we all tried to respect it. The guys
had set up their foot-ball field in the back yard, and Kevin spent a couple of
Saturdays a month, hanging out and playing football with us. He was never any
the wiser about what went on in our house on some other weekends. I had my home
office, but every once in a while I missed going to work every day. There were
days I had trouble filling in the time. I'd never been one to do home projects
but I found myself taking on more of them, just to stay busy. Jake and Sean
were always supportive and cheering me on whenever I did something new to the
house.
It
was Wednesday, October 9 and Jake and I were sound asleep in bed. Sean hadn't
been there; he'd been out chasing women. In my sleepy, cloudy brain I heard the
phone ringing. Fuck. Maybe it would go away. Two more rings and it stopped.
Good. Then I heard Jake say hello. He listened for a few seconds and told the
caller to hold on.
"Mike!
Are you awake? Somebody's babbling German to me and I have no idea what the
hell they're saying. Here."
I
took the phone from him and said hello in German. The voice on the other end
sounded official and sure enough, he identified himself as a doctor. I was
awake instantly. This is never good when you get a call from a doctor in the
middle of the night and one of your family members is not at home. I listened
to what he was telling me; the fear in my gut rising exponentially as he spoke.
He finally stopped talking and I sat there disbelieving for a few moments. I
snapped myself out of it and asked for the name of the hospital and where it
was. He told me and I told him I'd be there in ten minutes. He rang off and I
sat and stared at the phone for a couple of seconds. I'd never felt fear in my
stomach like the fear I was feeling right now. I finally snapped out of it,
threw the covers off me, chucked the phone against the wall and bolted out of
bed.
"Jake!
Get up and get dressed! Now! We gotta go!" I started running around the bedroom
looking for my clothes.
"Mike,
what the fuck is going on? What's wrong!?" He jumped out of bed and stood there
not knowing what was going on or what to do.
I
stopped dead in my tracks. How do I tell him? I walked up to him and grabbed
his face in my hands and looked him in the eyes. He saw the look on my face.
"It's
Sean!! What the fuck happened to Sean!? Mike!! Tell me what happened to Sean!"
A sob escaped his throat.
"Baby...
Oh God... Baby, he's been shot."
"What
the fuck do you mean he's been shot!? He wasn't on any patrols! What the fuck
do you mean Sean's been shot!?"
He
slapped my hands away from his face, pushed me out of his way and scrambled for
his clothes. He was dressing and hopping towards the door at the same time. I
was right behind him doing the same thing. We both finally managed to get our
shoes on and sprinted for the garage. I grabbed the car key off the counter as
we hit the door, Jake slamming his hand on the garage door opener button and
sliding around the car to get in. I jumped in and pulled my seat belt on while
I was starting the car.
"Get
this fucking thing moving.
Now!!"
He had tears
streaming down his face.
I
put the car in reverse and hit the gas, flying backwards out of the garage and
spun the wheel to the right, then yanked the lever into drive and spun out of
the driveway on to the road. We came to a screeching halt at the stop sign
where our road meets the road going to the base. I was looking for traffic.
"What
the fuck are you stopped for? Go!!"
I
nailed the gas to the floor and we shot across the intersection. I had a vague
idea where the hospital was and headed in that direction. I didn't want to, but
I knew I had to slow down or we'd get pulled over or get killed. We made it to
the emergency entrance at the hospital in record time. We got the car parked
and both of us bolted for the entrance. When we got inside Jake headed for the
first official looking person he saw and started yelling at them asking where
Sean Andersen was. I came up behind him, grabbed his shoulders and pulled him
away. He wasn't getting us anywhere screaming in English to a German nurse. I
looked at the nurse and tried to apologize with my eyes, but I was just as
scared as Jake was. I told her I'd just received a call from the doctor that
Sean Andersen had been brought here with a gunshot wound. She nodded and
pointed across the room. Jake started running that way as soon as her finger
popped out. I caught up with him and started talking to the orderly that was
outside the emergency room doors. He told me I'd have to see the doctor.
By
this time Jake was ready to kill. We both ran through the emergency room doors
and came up on a nurse's station. There were three people standing there, and
all spun around as Jake came up yelling about where he could find Sean. A guy
about my age walked up to us and put his hands on both of our shoulders.
He
spoke fluent English. "Calm down! Sean's all right.
Just calm
down, son."
"Where
the fuck is he? I have to see him; I have to be with him; we promised each
other..."
"He's
in the operating room, son. You can't go in there."
"But
we promised each other! We took a blood oath that we'd be there if one of us
was hurt!" The tears were just pouring off Jake's face. He looked so
inconsolable my heart just wrenched out of my chest.
"Jake!
We can't go in there. Sean will be alright, they'll take good care of him.
He'll be OK, Jake."
"I
promised him, Mike, I promised him... I told him I'd never let him be alone... He
can't be alone in there, Mike!"
He
threw him arms around me and just sobbed uncontrollably. I held him tight and
let him get it out of his system. I had tears streaming down my face too. I
couldn't lose Sean any more than Jake could and I was terrified. Even the
doctor had a tear running down his face. It's hard to see someone in that much
anguish and not be affected by it somehow. The doctor stood there quietly, his
hand on Jake's shoulder, while Jake cried into my neck. I just kept rubbing his
back and telling him Sean would be okay.
When
he thought Jake had calmed down enough to hear him the Doctor started talking
to him.
"Jake?
Jakob?
I know it's scary as hell not knowing, I really
do. But I promise you we won't let anything bad happen to Sean. We're going to
take really good care of Sean for you. There's an excellent surgeon in there
with him; he's not alone Jakob, he has lots of people in there with him keeping
him safe. The doctor will get him fixed up in a while and you'll be able to see
him, all right? But for now I need you to be strong for Sean. He needs your
strength right now."
Jake
nodded his head on my shoulder, still crying.
"I
know it sucks Jakob, but you have to wait out here for him. You have to stay strong
for him and wait out here. I promise we'll take good care of him." He rubbed
Jake's shoulder and looked at me. "Are you all right?"
"Not
really, no. What happened?" Jake pulled his head back to listen, looking at me
with fear and anguish, and then looked at the doctor.
The
doctor took a second trying to evaluate if we were ready to hear this.
"According to the police and ERT there was an altercation between Sean and
another man. I was told they were in a club and had started arguing with each
other over a young lady. Well, actually, I guess the young lady was the other
man's girlfriend and he thought Sean was trying to pick her up. The arguing
turned into blows with each other. The other man then pulled a pistol out and
fired into Sean's abdomen." Jake let out a sob. "He was about two meters away
when he did. It sounds close, but it was actually to Sean's advantage; the
bullet just went straight through him. The other man turned and ran, but
everyone in the club knew him so the police already have him in custody. The
bullet didn't hit any vital organs, Jakob. He's going to be just fine. We just
have to patch a couple of holes." He smiled at Jake trying to make it sound
like it was nothing more than a punctured tire.
"How
long ago did this happen?" I asked.
"Less
than an hour; Sean was brought in here twenty-five minutes ago."
"And
he's really going to be alright?" Jake asked.
"Yes
Jakob, he's really going to be alright. He's gonna be out of commission for a
while, but he'll be fine. No permanent damage. He might lose a little weight
during recovery, the bullet grazed his stomach, so he won't be able to eat like
normally, but he'll be just fine."
"How
much longer will he be in surgery?"
"Probably
for another thirty or forty more minutes, Jakob.
Are you going to be OK?"
"Yeah,
I'll be OK. I have to be for Sean." His Marine training and his love for Sean
seemed to be taking over.
"That's
the right way to look at it." He looked at me, then back at Jake. "I wasn't
really sure who to call. We found your number in his wallet, with an `in case
of emergency' label, but we also found a military ID. I take it Sean's in the
military?"
"He's
a United States Marine." Jake answered him.
The
doctor smiled at him.  "And you as well?"
"Yes
Sir." The doctor smiled and nodded. "So what is your guys' relationship to
Sean? Are you his family?"
Jake
didn't hesitate. "Yes Sir, we are."
The
doctor looked at me. I just held his gaze, I wasn't going to confirm or deny or
add any information. We were his family as far as we were concerned. He nodded
at me and smiled.
"We
will let you know as soon as Sean's out of surgery and you can see him. Do I
need to tell the military what happened, or will you take care of that?"
"It
would probably be better if you informed them about the incident. They seem to
like things to be official over there. His commanding officer is Major Andrew
Benton." I replied.
"Thank
you. I'll go and give him a call. You guys can have a seat in the waiting room
and I will keep you informed. There should still be some coffee out there; help
yourselves to it.
Jakob?
I won't let Sean be alone;
we'll take good care of him. Now go have a seat before you collapse."
Jake
nodded. "Thank you, Sir."
"You're
welcome. If you'll excuse me..."
He
turned around and went back to the nurse's station while I steered Jake back
out the door to the waiting room. We found a couple of comfortable looking
chairs and collapsed into them. We were both still terrified, but the initial
rush had worn off a little. I felt emotionally exhausted and Jake looked like
he'd just fought off the entire Afghan army single handedly. I'd never seem him
look so scared and worried. I never wanted to see it again. I asked him if he
wanted some coffee. No. I didn't know what to say to him; how to make him feel
better.
"I
love you, Jacob. I love Sean too. We'll be OK. I promise. We're all going to be
OK."
"I
love you too, Michael. I'm sorry."
"What
on earth for?"
"For
slapping your hands and shoving you; I'm really sorry."
"Baby,
no. Don't apologize for that. You were scared and needed me out of your way. I
would've done the same thing, Jake. Don't think about it. We just have to stay
strong for Sean."
"OK."
He gave me a small smile and laid his head on my shoulder. "I'm so scared. I
don't know what to do... I don't know how to help Sean."
"I
know, Jacob. I'm scared too. We just have to be strong for him and be here for
him. We have to believe that he'll be alright and we can take him home in a few
days."
Jake
just nodded his head on my shoulder. I felt so helpless. We were still sitting
like that, Jake's head on my shoulder, my arm around him, when there was a
presence standing next to us. I looked up. It was Major Benton.
"How
is he?" Jake recognized the voice and flinched, then started to get up. The
Major put his arm on Jakes shoulder. "No son, stay seated. I don't need you
poppin' up like a jack-in-the-box right now."
I
answered the question. "They say he's going to be alright. The shooting was at
close range and the round went all the way through. Nicked a couple of things
and grazed his stomach, so he won't be eating as much for a while. No permanent
damage, they say."
"What
the fuck happened? I don't like it when one of my Marines get's shot. I take it
personally."
"He
was in a night club and got in an argument with some guy about the guy's
girlfriend. He thought Sean was trying to pick her up. They argued, then threw
punches, so the guy pulled out a pistol and shot him.  Sean must've been
getting the best of him and he panicked."
"Goddamn
right Sean was getting the best of him; he's one of my Marines. Where's the son
of a bitch that shot him?"
"The
police arrested him and put him in jail. I guess he took off after the
shooting, but everyone in the club knew him, so it didn't take long to track
him down."
"The
fucker's lucky my MP's didn't track him down; he'd wished he'd never been born.
Goddamn!! How the fuck could this happen? I just don't understand people
anymore. You have to pull a fuckin' weapon because you're losing a fight? What
the fuck kinda chicken-shit stunt is that? Fuck!"
I
was getting the impression the Major really did take it personally; he was mad.
I could understand that; I was mad too. First fear then anger; isn't that the
usual progression?
"If
the dirty motherfucker ever gets out of jail he'd better hope I never catch
him. I know sixteen different ways to kill the worthless fuck in less than ten
seconds, and I'd use all of `em.
Arrrgggghhhh.
FUCK!! I hate this!! I hate not knowing what the fuck is going on!" This
all came from Jake.
"Marine!
Keep your fuckin' cool. We're not going to help Sean by making battle plans and
yelling. I expect you to act like a Marine at all times. You got me?"
"Yes
Sir. Sorry Sir. I'm just frustrated. I'm scared and I'm frustrated and I don't
know what to do." He exhaled loudly.
"I
know, son, I know. The not knowing is always the worst part. All you can do is
pray, stay positive and be strong."
The
Major walked over and grabbed a cup of coffee from the machine and came and sat
down next to Jake. He tasted the coffee, made a face and went `eeewww'. He set
the cup on the table next to him and tried to relax. He wasn't any better at it
than Jake. It didn't escape my attention that not one
look
or one word had been said about me holding Jake with his head on my shoulder. I
guess even Marines are allowed to be comforted in times of crisis. Not two
minutes later he was back on his feet and pacing the room; Jake joining him not
two minutes later. If I wasn't so scared I would've almost found it comical.
I'd never been a pacer, but I did understand the need. It was activity. It was
something to do while you waited. The two of them walked back forth across the
room for the next fifteen minutes until someone came out of the door. They both
stopped dead in their tracks and turned. It was the doctor that had talked to
us.
"Jakob,
Sean is out of surgery and resting comfortably in intensive care. He's still a
little out of it so I want to give him a few minutes before I send anyone back
there, OK?"
"OK.
How is he? Is he going to be alright?"
"He's
going to be fine, Jakob. The surgery went well; we did everything we needed to
do and got him sewn up. He's going to be in some pain for awhile but that will
ease as he heals, and we'll control it with meds."
"How
long will he be in pain?"
"Depending
on his recovery speed and his strength I'd guess a couple of weeks, maybe a
little more."
"He's
a Marine; he's stronger than anyone I know. He'll be back on his feet in less
than two weeks if strength is all that's required." There was a catch in Jake's
voice. I saw the Major look over at him and smile.
"I
know, Jakob. He'll be fine. He has you to help him."
"How
long does he have to stay here; when can we take him home?" The Major raised
his eyebrows a little but then turned to listen to the answer.
"If
he's feeling alright, and his surgeon and doctor's agree with his progress, I
would say in three to four days."
Jake
nodded. The Major walked over to the doctor and introduced himself.
"I'm
sorry I had to drag all of you out of bed, Major, but it's nice to see that
people care about him even when he's far from home."
"He's
a Marine under my command, doctor, no apologies are necessary to get me here.
Thank you for taking care of him."
He
nodded at the Major, looked at Jake and nodded and smiled. "I will be back out
to get you when he's ready for visitors." He excused himself and went back
through the door.
"Lance
Corporal?"
"Yes
Sir."
"When's
the last time you had chow?"
"Sir,
last evening."
The
major pulled some bills out of his wallet and held them out to Jake. "Go find a
machine and get yourself a candy bar or something."
"I'm
not hungry, Sir, I'm scared."
"That
wasn't a suggestion, Lance Corporal."
"Yes
Sir."
Jake
took the offered bills and went in search of the vending machine. The Major
walked over to me and sat down in Jake's chair.
He
looked over at me. "Is he going to be OK?"
"I
think he will be once he sees for himself that Sean is out of danger. He was
incredibly distraught that they wouldn't let him be in there with him; said
he'd promised Sean; that they'd taken a blood oath to always be there if one of
them was hurt."
The
Major nodded. "I've known a few Marines who have made that same blood oath;
they live and die by it. It's hard to convince them there's any other way. I've
always known those two were incredibly close. They're like two sides of a coin;
one doesn't seem able to exist without the other." That one sentence made so
many things spring to clarity for me. I was grateful to this man for saying it.
"Thank
you, Major."
"What
for?"
"In
one sentence you've managed to define what I've been trying to see in their
dynamic for four months."
"It's
kind of hard sometimes for people looking in to see everything that's in front of
them; not really seeing the things behind the scenes, so to speak. I've seen it
a couple of times with combat veterans before so I recognized it when I saw
those two together. They have a bond and a love for each other that goes deeper
than anything you or I can conceive of."
"Believe
me, I've noticed." Something didn't seem right here. "Wait a minute; Jake's not
a combat veteran. When I asked him about his service he said he'd been lucky
and hadn't been sent to a combat zone; that his mom had been relieved about
it."
"Well
then he lied to you; twice actually. He and Sean were in Afghanistan together,
right out of basic, for a years' tour. Their Humvee got struck by an RPG; four
other Marines died. Sean and Jake got out of the vehicle with mostly minor wounds;
though Sean had a serious leg injury. They found cover and spent four hours in
an off and on firefight, waiting for rescue. The rescue team put in their
report that they found Sean and Jake behind a shot up wall, Jake holding on to
Sean, screaming."
"Holy
shit.
I didn't know... That also helps to explain a
few things even more." I paused for a minute trying to put it together. "I
don't know how much you know about our relationship, or how much you even want
to know, but at least let me say this. I love that man more than I've ever
loved anyone in my life, and when we first started out he seemed to be missing
a part of himself; he was a basket case most of the time. By the end of the
first week he'd brought Sean into the relationship, as a member of the family
he said. He sees us as a family. After Sean was there he changed before my
eyes. He was more outgoing, he was happy all the time, he was relaxed. I knew
they had a bond. I knew they loved each other deeply. But the change in Jake
was just mind blowing. I don't carry any doubts about Jake's love for me, but I
know without the shadow of a doubt that Sean comes first.
"You're
OK with that?"
"I
am. If it means Jake is there, yes. And I've grown to love Sean too; he's an
incredible person. He's always true to himself; he always says what he means
and means what he says. He takes no shit off anybody, but he's got this huge
heart, and he truly cares about the people close to him."
"I've
noticed that too. I have a hellva lot of respect for that boy." He paused for a
few moments trying to word his next statement. "I sometimes wonder what I'm
gonna do if the time ever comes that I have no choice but to split those two
up; different posts or whatnot, for whatever reason. I only have so much
control over what happens to them. It will destroy both of them. In the
meantime, I'll do whatever I can to see that it doesn't happen. I don't pretend
to know how your new family works, but if it does, then keep it that way.
You're not the only one who's noticed a change; in both of them. It's been a
good change too."
"I
hope you never do have to split them up, I don't want to witness that. I
thought Jake was inconsolable tonight; I can't even begin to imagine the worst
case scenario."
"Like
you said, apart they are basket cases, but together they are fine men,
excellent Marines and pretty much un-stoppable. I don't know your living
arrangements for your new family, but if you have the room it would be better
for both of them if Sean recovered at your home."
"Sean
has his own room there, and I work from home so I can take care of him while
Jake's on-duty."
"Good
`nuff. Jake won't be on-duty again until Monday. Sean will be on medical leave
until he's able to return to duty. If all of this is OK with you, then we'll
call it good."
"It's
fine with me. I really don't think any other way would work."
"You're
probably right." He stood up and started pacing again.
"Major?
What's the other lie? You said he'd lied twice."
"Jake's
mother died three years ago; a year before he joined the Corps."
"Oh
my God..." I felt sick. I felt such pain for Jake. "I don't know how to process
that... I..."
"Give
yourself some time, Mr. Adler. You need to have a serious talk with Jake, but I
would suggest waiting until Sean is back on his feet." I nodded. He went back
to pacing.
A
few moments later Jake returned carrying a half-eaten candy bar. He walked up
to the Major and tried to give him the change.
"Keep
it, son. You might want another one before you get outta here."
"Thank
you, Sir." The Major nodded at Jake and smiled, then went back to his walk.
Jake
came over and sat down next to me. He offered me the half-eaten candy bar but I
really didn't want it anymore than he did. I took it from him and set it aside.
"You OK?"
"No.
You?"
"No.
Not until we see Sean."
"'Nuff
said."
I
saw the Major smile at that. We waited another twenty minutes before the doctor
came back out to get us. We all followed him to Sean's `room' but when we got
there the Major and I stopped. Jake turned and looked at us like `what the
fuck, let's go'.
"Jake,
you go in first by yourself. You need to be with Sean alone for a minute before
the invasion force arrives." I looked at him and smiled and nodded towards
Sean's curtain. He turned and walked into the room.
"You
do understand them."
"Sometimes,
Major. Not always, but sometimes." The doctor heard our exchange and smiled and
nodded at me. I just nodded back to him.
We
stood out in the hall while Jake went to see his brother.
Jake
stood just inside the curtain and looked at Sean on the bed, with tubes running
into him. His breath caught and a small sob escaped his throat.
"Jakey...
Don't do that, man, you'll scare me..." Sean said quietly from the bed, looking
at Jake, seeing the fear in his eyes.
"Oh
Sean... I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I tried to be here for you; I tried. I'm so
sorry, Sean."
"Jake...
Please don't say that. You didn't do anything wrong. You didn't. I knew you
were here, Jakey, I could feel you here. Don't worry about it, brother. Don't
be so sad. Please, Jake, don't be sad."
"I'll
be strong... I promise you I'll be strong.
For you."
Jake let out another sob, then caught himself, squared his shoulders and looked
at Sean.
"Come
here, Jake. I need my brother beside me."
Jake
walked over to the bed, looked at Sean with tears streaming down his face, then
bent down and hugged Sean's head into him. He let out another sob, but caught
himself again, and fought to maintain control.
"That
feels good, Jake. Thanks, brother. Hey, I'm going to be OK. They said I'd own
this place in a few days. It's not that bad, Jakey, they just put a tire patch
on a couple of holes and then they'll send my ass back home in a couple days."
Jake
tried to laugh at the joke, but was having a hard time making it happen. He
squeezed Sean's head a little tighter instead.
"Jakey?
How's Michael? Is he OK?"
"He's
scared. He's worried about you. We're both scared, Sean."
"Don't
be scared anymore. I'm gonna be just fine. I'll be outta this joint in a couple
days and we can hang out at home together. OK?" Jake nodded his head. "I'm OK
now, brother. This isn't Afghanistan, Jakey; they're not shooting at us
anymore... It was just a dumb fight in a bar over some chick, OK brother?"
"OK."
"Don't
worry anymore, Jake; I'm gonna be fine. Besides, dude, they have me on some
killer drugs; you should try some of this shit. I'm not in any pain, that's for
sure. So don't worry about me so much, OK?"
"OK"
"Where's
Mike?"
Sniff.
"He's out in the hall with Major Benton."
"No
shit!?
Really?
The Major actually
came here to see little ole me, huh?"
Sniff.
"Of course he did, Sean. He cares about all of us."
"Well
I'll be... Learn somethin' new everyday around here. I always figured he was just
a hard-ass."
"He
is. But he still cares about us."
"Yeah,
he does, Jake. I know he does, I just like givin' him shit sometimes."
Jake
finally let himself smirk. Sean smiled at him.
"Well,
are you gonna let `em come in and see me sometime today?"
"Maybe.
Check back with me later."
"OK."
Jake
smirked again, and Sean gave him a big smile.
"Why
did you get hurt Sean; why did you have to get hurt?"
"I'm
sorry, Jake. I didn't know I was gonna get hurt. I was just tryin' to score on
some big-titted blond. No harm no foul, I figured. Who knew she had a psycho
fuckin' boyfriend?"
"Yeah,
but why were out there in the first place? We love you at home; you don't have
to go somewhere else for it. We love you, Sean, and we'd do anything for you."
"Jake,
we've had this talk before, man. I'm not like you guys, I need pussy. I'm sorry
if that's not what you wanna hear, but it's who I am, brother. I love you guys
with all my heart, but until you both grow a pair of tits and a tight pussy,
it's just not enough."
"But
we love you; that should be enough. You're safe at home with us. It's our
family, Sean; it's supposed to be all you need."
"Oh
Jakey... I don't know how to make you understand this. I do love you both, you
know I do. And I love our family more than you'll ever know. But I have needs that
you guys can't fill. Come on, Jake, I've been chasin' pussy the whole time
we've known each other; how many times has it gotten me shot? The odds are
against it, brother. I'll be OK. Now let me see you smile. Please?"
Jake
tried his best at a smile and finally achieved sort of one.
Sean
smiled at him. "That's better. Thank you." Jake sniffed. "Now bring in our
other third and that tired-assed Major." Jake smirked and nodded, then walked
over to the curtain.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 11 (Chapter 8)

Chapter
11: Aftermath
I
think I'd only been lying there about a half hour when I felt Sean try to roll
over. I pulled back a little to give him room. He rolled and was facing me; his
eyes were open.
"Hi."
I whispered.
"Hi.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you up; I just needed to change position."
"You
didn't wake me up."
"Are
you OK?"
"Yeah,
Sean, I'm OK. Just
layin
' here
thinkin
'"
"OK...
You sure you're OK, Mike? What're you
thinkin
'
about?"
"I'm
OK. I'm
thinkin
' about the three of us; everything it
means."
"What
do you mean?"
"I'm
just wondering where this is all heading and if I'm ready for it."
"Where
do you think its heading?"
"I
don't really know. I know we started something that will change all of us; I'm
just really hoping it's a good change. I guess if I'm honest with myself, and
you, I'm a little scared."
Sean
sighs. "I know... I'm a little scared too. I don't know what tomorrow's gonna
bring; I don't know what I want it to bring. I've never felt like this before,
Mike and I sure as hell never thought two guys could make me feel this way."
"What
are you feeling, Sean?"
He
paused for a few seconds. "Safe. I know it sounds stupid, but yeah, safe."
"You
are safe. Jake and I will never let anything hurt you. It's not stupid to allow
yourself to feel loved, safe and secure."
"I
guess... I just never thought being in bed with two guys would make me feel that
way."
"Well,
you're in bed with your best friend, who loves you with all his heart, and his
boyfriend who loves him with all his heart; and who loves you too. There's just
a lot of love
floatin
' around; it's hard not to be
affected by it."
He
smiled. "Yeah..."
"Sean,
everything you ever thought about how your life was has changed. It's not easy
to deal with that all at once. Your relationship with Jake has changed
drastically too, and you both will have to find a way to adjust and move
forward. I know you love him with everything in your soul; I can see it when
you guys are together. He loves you the same way." I paused, looking at him.
"You made out with your best friend; it's gonna change your relationship,
that's just how it works. But you both are strong enough to make it a good
change; something that makes you closer."
"Is
that what you've been thinking about; seeing Jake and I kissing? I would never
come between you guys; it would tear me apart if I did."
"Partly
that.
I mean it was hot as fuck to see, but yeah it got
my attention. I mean I understand it; I've been on the receiving end of one his
no holds barred kisses. I love it when he just let's himself go and just goes
into the moment; it's fucking incredible to experience. I don't see how anybody
could not just melt back into him. There are amazing moments that he just gives
every ounce of himself and you feel honored that he chose you."
"Yeah...
Fuck, I know what you're saying. I've never been kissed like that in my life;
it was like he was trying to pass his soul to me. I'm sorry, Mike, that it made
you feel bad; but honestly, I'm not sorry it happened; it was a kiss I'll
remember my whole life." He looked at me kind of sheepishly.
"Sean,
don't be sorry. I know exactly what you mean. Any jealousy on my part is my
problem. I'm the one that got this all going. I was fulfilling his fantasy. I
don't regret it; it was amazing.  I guess what it comes down to is I'm
willing to share his body with you, but not his love. I know he already loves
you; he loved you first, but he's in-love with me; and I'm not ready to lose
that."
He
just stared into my eyes for awhile. "I don't think you'll ever lose that. And
besides, I'm not in love with him. I'm not looking to be in a lover type
relationship with you guys; I just like how you both made me feel and I'd like
to experience it again. I don't know if it's possible to have that though; to experience
you guys this way and not have it fuck everything up. That scares me. I don't
want any of us getting hurt."
"I
don't want you getting hurt either, Sean. I guess what it boils down to is we
all three have to talk to each other and decide what the next step is; what
everyone wants. I know this type of thing has been done, and it's worked out. I
just don't have any experience with it. I guess if we laid out ground rules it
would probably work out better, but I just don't know. I'm still kind of scared
of losing him. If it was always the three of us, and not just you two, I'd
handle it better."
"I
want it be the three of us; that's what made it so good. I'm not looking for a
boyfriend; I'd like to have a wife eventually. But what worked is that it was
the three of us. I'm not looking to move in with your guys, but I would like to
be able to come over and have even just a little of what I felt tonight; and I
don't mean just the sex. You guys together made me feel so wanted."
"OK,
I see where you're going. I think I could deal with that. If Jake and I are
going to be having 3-ways with anyone I'd prefer it was you. I trust and
respect you a lot; doing this with you made it a lot easier, and a lot better.
So basically what I guess we're trying to accomplish is Jake and I continuing
on as we've been, but having hot, sweaty, loving, erotic, caring weekends with
you."
He
grinned big. "You hit the nail right on the head, dude. And thanks for what you
just said; it meant more to me than you probably realize. I feel the same way
about you. But yeah, what you just said; you just yanked the thought right
outta my head and put it into words."
"I've
been accused of far worse trying to get into somebody's head. I'm sorry about
laying this all on you. I'm really bad about analyzing the fuck out of things
and you made the mistake of asking if I was OK." I grinned at him. "I'm glad we
talked though; I feel a lot better."
He
gave me a slight smile. "I do too. I know a lot of things changed me tonight,
but I'm good with it. I'm happy. Thank you."
"You're
welcome. I'm happy too. We just have to hope our boy over there is happy."
"I
am happy, but I'd be a lot happier if you two hens would quit
cluckin
', just kiss each other good night and go the fuck
to sleep."
Sean
spun his head around, "You fucker! You've been listening this whole time?"
Jake
giggles. "No, Sean, I haven't. I just woke up a few minutes ago; hearing you
two
cluckin
' away. And as for the sweaty, loving,
erotic, caring weekends? I completely agree. Now shut up and go to sleep.
Jeez."
Sean
and I both laughed. I stopped first, "I guess the master of the house has
spoken." Sean laughs again. "Sorry we woke you up, Sir!" They both laugh.
"It's
OK; just don't let it happen again. Now would you two just kiss and make up and
go to fucking sleep, please? I need my beauty rest, dammit!"
"Yes
Sir!" Sean and I leaned in to each other and had a nice, deep loving kiss.
After about fifteen seconds we pulled apart and smiled at each other.
"Goodnight,
Sean."
"Night."
"Finally!
Damn. Now maybe I can get some sleep. Goodnight you two; I love you both."
We
all finally went to sleep, Sean and I cuddled up with each other, and Jake
spooned up behind Sean, with his arm over both of us. What a group we made. My
last thought before I fell asleep was that of the maid walking in on this. I
smiled and finally went to sleep.
I
awoke and looked at my watch; 9:07 a.m. Not too bad, I decided. I had a man
lying on my chest; I just wasn't sure which one it was. I looked down and saw
the soft, blond, fuzzy hair. Sean. I kind of chuckled to myself; he was
sleeping the exact same way Jake does, leg thrown over mine, his head on my
chest, and his arm holding my side, softly snoring into my nipple. No wonder I
woke up every morning with hard nipples anymore. I lifted my right arm up and
laid my hand down on Sean's head and rubbed his soft, blond hair with my
fingers, just like I do with Jake. Figured what the hell, when in Rome... I
caught movement out of my right eye and looked up. It was Jake. He was standing
at the end of the bed looking at me with a huge grin on his face, and then he
winked at me. I smiled up at him.
Almost
whispering.
"Damn, baby, that's a Kodak moment if
there ever was one. He looks so sweet and happy lying there. I know how he
feels..."
"Yeah,
well... I just seem to bring that out in Marines, I guess." I whispered back.
He
smiled even bigger. "Yes you do. Because you're a good man, and I love you;
don't ever doubt that. That right there? It doesn't bother me at all; in fact
it makes me really happy. I want you to grow to love each other as much as I
love you both. I want us to be kind of a family; if that's OK with you."
I
thought about it for several seconds before replying. "I don't know why, but I
think I'd like that too. For some reason it feels comfortable to me; and I
never thought something like this would."
He
smiled and winked at me again. "It's because you know we both love you and
would do anything for you; and we know the same is true about you. It just
feels like the right thing to do."
"When
did you become so wise, young man?"
"I
have two awesome teachers."
Sean
moved his head a little and spoke in a sleepy voice. "Now who's
cluckin
' like an old hen?"
Jake
giggled. "I am. And you will address me as, `Sir', fuck stick."
"Not
in this or any other lifetime, cum breath." They both giggled. "And I didn't
hear you
complainin
' any when my fuck stick was down
your throat." I laughed.
"Well
it's
kinda
hard to talk around that Vienna sausage."
"Don't
you mean it's
kinda
hard to breath around that
bratwurst?" This could go on forever I decided.
"Guys!
Guys! Jeez, I'm
tryin
' to enjoy my morning here.
Agree to disagree." They both laughed. I pulled my hand off Sean's head and
reached out for Jake's hand.
"Hey!
Put that back, please, it felt really good."
"Hold
on; I want to hold something else for a minute."
"If
you can find his, you can hold it." He giggled into my chest.
I
held my hand out to Jake and he took it and squeezed it. We both smiled at each
other then he bent down and kissed me. He pulled away then kissed Sean's head.
After he stood back up he let go of my hand, winked at me again and starting
walking out of the room.
"Where're
you going?" I asked him.
"Just
to get some coffee started. I need some caffeine; and I know you two do. I want
to be able to stand being around you guys." He grinned at me and continued
walking.
Sean
yelled out, "Yeah! Go make your men some coffee, boy!" Then softly to me, "OK,
you can put your hand back now. I like that." I rolled my eyes and put my hand
back on his head and went back to running my fingers around his blond fuzz. I
sighed and thought, wow, this could get out of hand at times.
"You
OK; why the sigh?"
"I'm
fine. It wasn't a bad sigh, just a sigh."
"Oh,
OK. Just
checkin
'..."
He
moved his lips down and kissed my chest. I smiled and caressed his head. I
guess it had it good points too. Jake was gone for a while; I guess he was enjoying
the wonders of watching coffee brew. When he finally came back in, he was
carrying two cups of steaming coffee. When he got to my side of the bed Sean
looked up at him and smiled.
Jake
smiled at us. "Don't get used to this, I'm nobody's maid, but here
ya
go." He set both cups down on the nightstand. I was
waiting for the smartass comment from Sean, but none came.
"Thank
you, Jake. That was sweet of you."
"Yeah,
Jakey, thank you.
I appreciate it, brother."
I
was almost stunned; I guess they did have their thoughtful sides with each
other.
"You're
both very welcome. Now drink that shit so we can get outta here. I'm hungry."
And the moment was passed. I laughed to myself.
"Yeah,
me too, but I gotta hit the head before we do anything. You guys might not want
to be in here for this."
Jake
and I both moaned. "Thanks for the warning, brother."
"Hey,
I'm
tryin
' to be good here..." He smiled at us.
I
pulled my hand off Sean's head and tried to get up. "On that note... Let me up,
ya
big stud. I want outta here. And let me go piss first
before you kill the bathroom."
They
laughed and Sean sat up so I could get out of bed. I grabbed my coffee, kissed
Jake and bolted to the bathroom, grabbing a pair of underwear on the way. They
were laughing behind me.
In
about a half-hour we were all cleaned up, dressed and ready to go. I told Jake
I was sick of having breakfast in the hotel; we needed to find a good
restaurant for breakfast food. Sean jumped up saying he knew just the place, so
we followed him. The boy knows food; I can say that for him. We had a terrific
breakfast, some great coffee and good conversation. I was watching Jake and he
seemed so alive; so happy. It was nice to see. We finished breakfast, left the
restaurant and just started walking around town. We passed a men's clothing
store and it hit me that we'd never gone clothes shopping yesterday. I grabbed
both of their shirts and brought them up short. They turned around to look me.
I grinned and pointed to my right.
Jake
moaned. "Oh hell, he spotted a clothes store."
"So
what?
Is he like a clothes whore or
somethin
'?"
Sean grinned at me.
I
laughed, "No, I'm not a clothes whore. I told Jake we were
buyin
'
him some new civvies to wear, but we
kinda
got
sidetracked yesterday."
Sean
laughed, "Oh I see how it is; I'm just a sidetrack now."
I
looked him right in the eyes. "Shut the fuck up and get in the goddamn store."
He
grinned back at me, and then snapped to attention.
"Sir!
Yes Sir!
Right away, Sir!"
He
gave me a full-on Marine salute, left-faced and started walking into the store.
Jake and I were howling with laughter behind him. We walked all around the
store looking at everything, Jake and Sean finding several things they liked.
Sean wasn't about to accept me buying anything for him until Jake told him it
was pointless to argue and to please shut up and
save
us the grief. After they both had picked out several things they wanted to get,
I had noticed a Levi section and went and looked. I found what I was looking
for and went back to find them. I pulled them both to the side so nobody could
hear us.
"Guys,
I know this sounds bad, but do an old man a favor and hear me out. You are both
so incredibly sexy, and you both have killer asses." They blushed. "I have this
thing for guys in 501's; always have. Let me buy you both a couple of pairs.
You may not even be in them for long..." Jake blushed.
Sean
was non-pulsed. "Sure, what's the big deal? I wear 501's all the time back
home. They're comfy, and I like the button-fly." Then he gave me an evil grin.
"And yeah, they make my ass look really good, too." It was my turn to blush and
he giggled.
Jake
laughed and then took a swipe at the back of my head. "And quit
callin
' yourself an old man, dammit!"
"Yeah!
What he said!"
We
went and got the jeans and then checked out at the cashier. We lugged our new
purchases back to the hotel and went upstairs. I watched as they took the
clothes out of the bags and compared notes on everything. I smiled to myself;
it was like Christmas morning. Boys; I guess we never really do grow up.
We
spent all day together, laughing, having fun and actually finding time to talk
about last night and what we all wanted from it. In the end I guess we'd worked
something out; though I wasn't entirely sure how it would play out. I did
actually have high hopes for it, even though it was so foreign to me, but in a
way it seemed like it was the thing to do. I loved Jacob with all my
heart,
and he somehow had managed to assure me that he loved
me the same way. Sean was just going to be an added bonus; the third member of
our new family. That's how Jake looked at all of this; we were a family now and
he wasn't about to let anyone fuck it up.
Jake
and I took Sean back to the base at about nine thirty and dropped him off. Jake
told me he could just stay there too, since he had to be there in the morning
anyway; and it would save me having to drive him out in the morning. I told him
it wasn't a problem, and I wanted some private Jake time anyway. He smiled and
nodded and we bid goodnight to Sean and headed back to the hotel. Jake and I
made love to each other that night. No sex, no loud moaning, no screaming, no
cum shows; just sweet love, and I fell asleep with him in my arms feeling that
all was right my world again.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 10 (Chapter 9)

Chapter
10: Saturday with the Boys
I
woke up Saturday morning in a new position. Jake was on his back this time and
I was half lying on top of him, my face buried in his neck. I inhaled and smiled.
Yep, this was my man. I laid there for a minute just enjoying the essence of
him. After a couple of minutes my dick was starting to get hard and I started
pressing up against Jake's leg, sliding it up and down a little. It felt good.
I began kissing his neck while my cock got hard on his leg. Yeah, this was a
good way to wake up.
"Why
are you humping my leg like a dog?" He asked, still a little sleepy.
"Because
it feels good." I smiled into his neck.
"Oh.
OK." I smirked and continued what I'd been doing. I then reached my right hand
down and felt for Jake's cock. Yep, just how I liked it; rock hard.
"You
seem to like being humped liked a dog."
"Yeah,
well... My cock has a mind of his own. Besides, you're right; it does feel good."
I
lifted my head up and kissed his mouth. He responded eagerly. Mmm yeah, this
was good.
"Mmmm
that was nice, but dude you taste like stale cum and cock. Sorry..."
"Yeah,
well, you're not exactly spring fresh yourself there, stud. I guess we should
get up and go brush our teeth and take a shower." I looked over the clock; it
was almost nine o'clock. "Damn baby, can you believe it; it's almost nine?"
"Cool.
We finally got to sleep in.  Oh shit, what about the maid? Did you put the
little card thingy on the door?" He looked worried.
"I
don't really remember. I think I did. Oh well, she would've come and gone by
now anyway; she's usually here around eight. Maybe she gets off on seeing two
hot guys in bed together." I grinned down at him.
"Yeah,
whatever... I guess we have to get up. The guys will be here in a while. You can
hump my leg later, baby."
"It's
a date." He rolled his eyes at me and smirked.
After
our shower we were standing in the bedroom getting dressed and he suddenly
stopped and looked at me.
"Lose
your underwear again?" I asked.
"No...!
I was thinking about last night; about what you said about you getting turned
on when I give you orders; the power ranger thing."
"Yeah,
what about it?"
"Is
it true?"
"Yes,
it is. I don't know why, but yeah, it's a hell of a turn on."
"You're
weird sometimes, you know that?" He grinned at me.
"Thanks
for finally noticing. Why is it weird?"
"I
don't know. It just doesn't seem like you'd like taking orders, especially from
someone half your age."
"Well,
no I usually don't like taking orders, but while having sex with you it's
fuckin' hot as hell. Maybe part of it is because you're half my age; I really
haven't given it much thought; I just like it."
"I
have to admit; it's kinda fun. Kind of a power rush actually."
I
grinned at him. "I ah, kinda noticed that. It's just fun watching you really
get into something; being aggressive. Besides, it lets you tell me what you
want, how you like it and what's really working for you while we're having sex.
It's just hot; I don't know what else to tell you."
"OK.
I was just wondering about it. But yeah, it's hot. I find myself getting off on
it."
"Good!
I get off on it too. I mean I don't want you barking orders at me all the time,
but during sex; knock yourself out." I winked and grinned at him.
He
just shook his head at me and continued getting dressed. By the time we'd
finished showering and dressing it was damn near ten; we had an hour before the
guys showed up. While we were waiting for them we started talking about the new
house again and all the things we were going to do with it; and do in it. We'd
both completely forgotten about buying him some new clothes. Oh well, we could
do it later. I had noticed that his laundry was gone; so I guess it was getting
washed. At about twenty after ten there was a loud knock on the door. I jumped,
and Jake started giggling.
"That'll
be Sean; he's a fuckin dick about knocking on doors." He walked over and opened
the door; sure enough is was Sean and Kevin. "Fuck dude, chill. It's a hotel, not
a fucking dorm." Sean looked a little chastised. I guess he had been.
"Hey
Sean!" I walked over and shook his hand, then turned to Kevin, sticking out my
hand. "Mike Adler, it's nice to finally get to meet the guy behind the
laughter."
He
laughed and took my hand to shake it. "Kevin O'Reilly, it's nice to meet you,
Sir."
"There
are no officers in the room; eighty-six the `sir' bit." I smiled at him.
"O'Reilly... A good Irish lad, huh?"
He
smiled. "Yes Sir." I just looked at him; Jake and Sean giggled. "Er, sorry...
Mike"
"Better.
Come on in guys; make yourselves at home. Anyone want something to drink? Not
much of a choice around here, but I can get you a bottle of water or make some
more coffee."
They
both said no to a drink and walked into the room. They both just looked around
the room. I don't they were expecting a suite, just an average hotel room.
Sean
spoke first. "Nice digs, fuck stick; must be kinda hard to go back to your
little hole on base." He gave Jake an evil grin.
"Fuck
you, dill weed. It's just a hotel room; don't get a hard-on."
They
all laughed. I was taking the opportunity to check out Kevin. Damn, cute guys
must just gravitate towards each other. He was a little hottie in his own
right. He's shorter than the rest of us, probably about five seven, but kind of
stocky and buff. The Irish name explained the red hair and blue eyes. I'd also
noticed that we seemed to have a whole rainbow of hair color represented. Jake
had brown hair, I have kind of dirty blond hair, Sean was a blond and Kevin the
red head. I also noticed we were all wearing basically the same thing; all of
us in jeans and t-shirts. Sean looked damn fine in his; they hugged his hot ass
even better than his uniform. They weren't any brand I recognized, but they
looked good on him. I knew I was perving on Jake's friends and decided it was
kind of fucked up so I turned to Jake.
"So
do you guys want to go and check out the house now, or we can just sit and
bullshit for a while?"
Kevin
actually spoke up first. "I'd like to see this house Jake can't stop babbling
about; we can bullshit in the car."
"One
for the house. Guys?" I asked, looking at Jake and Sean.
Sean
spoke. "The house. Let's roll." Jake looked at me and grinned and nodded.
"Let's
roll."
We
all headed out the door and to the elevator. When we got down to the lobby our
two guests started to walk back towards the front exit. I stopped them by
saying we were headed towards the garage and Sean smacked his forehead and
smiled. We all jumped in the car; Jake sitting in his seat next to me and the
other two in the back. When we got out to the new house there were ooohs and
ahhhhs all around and Kevin and Sean were lifting each up with their fingers
locked together looking in windows.
"Fuck,
dude, it huge!"
I
just couldn't let that one pass. "Gee Kevin, thanks for noticing."
He
turned as red as a red head could possibly turn and the other two just lost it.
They were laughing so hard they almost fell over. Kevin just looked at me, red
as all hell and shook his head.
"Fuck...
OK, you got me on that one. I'll never live it down. Thanks a lot."
I
smiled at him. "Anytime." The other two were still laughing.
We
stayed for about forty minutes, the guys talking shit to each other and checking
out the patio and back yard; explaining to each other how it could be setup for
a football game, then a snowball fight range in the winter, then how great it
would be for parties. I was smiling, watching them talk so animatedly and
wondering if I'd just adopted two more Marines. That was alright with me; I
liked them both, and I loved the way Jake was when he was around them. He was
really himself and he looked so happy. He caught my gaze and I just smiled and
winked at him; he blushed a little and smiled back. The exchange hadn't gone
unnoticed by Sean. He just looked at me, smiled and nodded. I smiled and nodded
at him; appreciating the fact he hadn't made a smart-assed comment.
The
three guys decided they'd done all they could with the back yard and they were
hungry. We all piled back in the car and headed back to town. When we got to
the road Sean said he wanted to see what the car had. I looked in the mirror at
him, smiled and punched it. We covered the two miles back to the main road in
short order.
"Fuck
dude! Not bad for a big ole barge." He smiled at me in the mirror.
Kevin
piped up agreeing with him and Jake just turned to look at me and shook his
head, smiling. I shrugged my shoulders and smiled back at him. I turned back
and drove across the main road and headed to the beer garden Jake and I had
eaten at once. I thought the guys would enjoy it, and I remembered the food had
been really good. We got in the restaurant and were asked if we'd like a table
in or out, all of us agreeing outside would be good. Once we were seated and
handed menus I looked around the table. Damn fine looking bunch of guys we
were.
"Lunch
is on me guys. Order anything you want, as much as you want. Don't say a
fucking word about money or prices and we'll get along great. If you don't
believe me, ask Jake." They both giggled and turned to Jake.
"Yeah,
don't mention prices around him; he has a phobia about people worrying about
money." He leered at me. I just smiled back at him.
Sean
was happy with that news. "Fuck yeah, let's eat; I'm fuckin' starvin'. Thanks
Mike!"
"Yeah,
thanks Mike!" Kevin chimed in.
"You're
welcome. I think they have about twenty different beers and ales they make
right here; so try a few out if you want."
"Fuck
yeah!" Sean was getting happier by the moment. Food and beer; what could be
better to a 23 year old Marine?
We
had a great time; eating, drinking and bullshitting. We were there for a little
over two hours. Sean had been trying as many beers as he could. Jake had two,
Kevin had two and I even had one. I think Sean was up to about his eighth. The
boy could put away the beers, and German beer was a lot stronger than American.
I was actually kind of impressed; he didn't seem all that drunk; just a little
buzzed. By the time we left the beer garden is was about two o'clock. We piled
back in the car and I drove the eight blocks back to the hotel. Sean had even
bought three bottles to take back with him. We made our way back up to the
room; the guys filling the elevator with raucous laughter all the way to the
ninth floor.  It was kind of fun watching these friends together; they had
a good time, that's for sure. When we got in the room Sean asked where the head
was. I pointed to the bedroom and told him to hook a left when he passed the
chair. He grinned and headed in to take care of business. Kevin, Jake and I
stayed out in the front room standing there talking. Sean was back in about a
minute.
"Fuck!
Much better." He headed straight for the couch and just crashed down on it,
laughing. "I had to piss so bad my gut was hurtin'. Hey this is kinda comfy..."
The three of us just looked over at him and laughed.
Jake
yelled over to him, "Hey dill weed, don't go stinkin' up the couch; normal
people have to use it sometimes."
"Fuck
`em! Let `em sit on the can if they don't like it!" He laughed at his own joke
and the rest of us just shook our heads.
We
all continued talking and laughing; Kevin, Jake and I sitting at the little
dining table, but after about twenty minutes we figured out we weren't hearing
any shit from the peanut gallery.
Jake
called out. "Hey fuck stick, you passed out over there?" No response. We all
giggled and then got up to go check on him. Sure enough, he was sound asleep.
"Figures, the fuckin' light weight; can't handle a couple of beers." Jake
started to lean over to wake him up and I grabbed his arm.
"Just
leave him there; he can sleep if he wants; he's not hurtin' anything."
Jake
stopped, looked at me and shrugged. "I guess if you don't care, I don't."
"Well
I gotta be outta here by three. I told Gretchen I'd meet her downtown; what the
fuck do I do about him?" Kevin said, pointing at Sean.
"Just
let him sleep. We'll take him back to the base when he's ready to go. Don't
sweat it, Kevin." I said.
"If
you say so; he's your problem now, guys."
Kevin
chuckled and we went back to the table to resume our conversation. I asked
Kevin about his girlfriend, his parents and his home town. I also asked him how
long he'd been a Marine and if he were going to make a career of it. It
reminded me I really needed to ask Jake the same thing. We just talked quietly,
trying to be nice about it so Sean could sleep, until about ten minutes of
three, when Kevin stood up.
"Guys,
I hate to break this up, but I really gotta blaze. Gretchen gets all pouty if I
keep her waiting. I had a really good time; thanks for the great lunch, Mike."
"You're
quite welcome Kevin. It was my pleasure; I'm glad you enjoyed it. This wasn't a
one-time deal either; you're welcome to hang out with us whenever you want." I
smiled at him.
"Thanks.
I appreciate it." Jake and I stood up and we all walked to the door. "Well
Jake, I guess I'll see you on Monday. I had a blast today; I'm glad I couldn't
get you to shut up about the house."
Jake
gave him an evil glare then smiled. "Shut up, Boner. I had fun today too; I'm
glad you came. I'll see ya on Monday. Don't let that girl lead your dick around
so much; grow some balls, dude."
"Bite
me. She doesn't lead me around, and leave my balls out of this." Jake rolled
his eyes and grinned back at him. They did their little fist bumping thing and
Kevin turned to me and held out his hand. I shook hands with him. "Thanks
again, Mike. I'm glad I got to meet you. Try to keep this dickhead in line. If
you want, you can borrow the collar I keep in my desk for him."
"No
thanks, Kevin, I have my own assortment of toys." He turned beat red again and
Jake and I laughed. "Dude, you just make it way to easy for me. I'm sorry. I
shouldn't embarrass you like that; it's not nice."
"Don't
worry about it; I guess I do talk before I think sometimes. Take it easy guys;
see ya later." With that he walked out, heading for the elevator. I closed the
door and leered at Jake.
"He
keeps a collar for you..?"
"Shut
the fuck up. He does not! God!! You're such a perv, you know that?"
"You
say that like it's a bad thing. Get over it!"
I
leered at him again and walked off towards the bedroom. I needed to use the
head myself. Jake followed me into the bathroom, bumped me over a little with
his hip and whipped his dick out to take a leak beside me. I smirked.
"You
decide this was kind of fun or what?"
"Shut
up and pee. Yes, I did."
"We
could go wake Sean up and see if he wants to pee with us too; a three-way
piss." I laughed.
"Shut
up, fuck stick." He stopped dead and looked over at me, worry in his eyes. "Oh
God, Mike, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say that. I'm sorry."
I
just smiled at him. "Don't worry so much, baby; jeez. I know you didn't mean it
in a bad way; it just fell out. You're used to sayin' it to these guys so you
just said it. Besides, I kinda like my fuck stick. Wanna say hi to him? He's
right here."
Jake
smiled and shook his head at me. We finished pissing, I flushed the john and we
walked back into the bedroom. Our bed hadn't been made; I guess the maid didn't
come in. I walked over to Jake and pulled him in my arms.
"Hey
sexy."
He
smiled. "Hey yourself, stud."
He
leaned in for a kiss. We kissed for a couple of seconds and I remembered I
wanted to ask him something.
"Jacob,
when I was asking Kevin about his plans for the Marines I remembered I'd been
meaning to ask you about it. So what are your plans when your four years are
up?"
"If
you're asking if I was gonna re-up the answer is no. I'd never planned on
staying for more than four years."
"So
what were your plans for when you discharged?" We were still in each other's
arms, but about a foot away from each other. My eyes tended to cross if I was
too close.
"I
don't really know. I'd thought about going to a tech school or something. I
mean I've learned a lot in the Corps, but now that I'm just a glorified
secretary it doesn't seem as challenging."
"What
kind of class were you thinking of taking in tech school?"
"I'd
actually like to learn how to make video games. I know it sounds dumb, like
some kid, but there's a lot of money in it. I'm good at playing them and I've
had some ideas for some new ones I'd like to play."
"It's
not dumb, baby. You're right, there's a hell of a lot of money in it. Have you ever
done any programming?"
"Nope."
"Well
you're standing in front of the right guy then. That's what I went to college
for, baby. I can teach you programming, then you'll be ahead of the game when
you start school; you'll only have to learn about game design."
He
got a big grin on his face. "You'd teach me how to program?"
"Of
course I would. Jeez, I'd love it. I mean, don't think it's all gonna be fun
and games around here." I leered at him.
"Well
the fun and games are a lot of fun, but yeah, man can't live on sex alone."
"You
can try, but yeah, sometimes you have to work and do other things. But for
right now I'd like to resume that kiss."
He
smiled and I pulled him back in for some more kissing. We were kind of getting
into it when I faintly heard "Damn..." from the other room. I broke the kiss,
and looking over Jake's shoulder, I smiled at Sean.
He
recovered fairly quickly for a guy that had just woken up. "You guys need to
get a fucking room!"
Jake
and I both smirked. "We did! We're standing in it."
Jake
smirked again and Sean turned a little pink. Jake then turned around and I
pulled him up against me from behind, my head next to his left ear. We both
just looked at Sean with stupid grins on our faces. Sean just looked at us
chagrinned, and still a little red. I thought of something I'd thought about
last night and decided what the hell.
I
whispered in Jake's ear. "Baby, I don't know if you were serious last night,
but if you ever wanted to try to get a 3-way going, now might be a good time."
I felt him stiffen in my arms.
He
whispered back. "I was just saying it sounded hot, not that I wanted to do it.
Besides, he'd never go for it. And what about you; how would you feel about
it?"
"I'm
okay with it as long as we're doing it together and I'm fulfilling your
fantasy. And yes, I think we could get him to go for it. Look at him. If you
want to do this, let's do it now before we lose our nerve. Follow my lead."
He
nodded his head against my ear. "I'm a little nervous, but OK."
Sean
was getting curious. "What the fuck are you guys whispering about?"
"I
was tellin' Jake that straight boys just don't know what's good."
"Yeah,
whatever. Straight boys can out fuck any gay boy any day of the week. It takes
a real man to know how to eat pussy good `nuff to get the bitch screamin'. You
guys just slap each other's dicks around and moan." He laughed at his own
comment.
Jake
jumped in. "Yeah, whatever dude. You said so yourself; the best blow job you
ever got was from a dude, so don't even go there."
"Yeah,
but that's all you guys know how to do, suck cock. Well, you can fuck each
other's ass, but that's about it. There's no technique, there's no rootin'
round eatin' pussy and hearin' that girl moan your name out. Fucking boring,
dude." Sean was giving us a shit eating grin like he had us stumped.
I
decided to see if I could move this forward a little. "Sean, Sean, Sean; you're
so innocent. Dude, we could have you moaning, praising God and begging for
mercy louder than you've ever made any woman scream. See Jake, what'd I tell
you about straight boys? He tells you all the time about how good he is in the
sack, doesn't he?"
I
could feel Jake get a big grin against my face. "Fuck yeah he does. Always
tellin' me how good he is. I just smile and listen to his stories, knowin' he
doesn't know what the fuck he's talkin' about."
We
had him. "What the fuck ever, dude. You guys couldn't make me moan if you had a
pussy on both sides of your face." I hugged Jake against me slightly.
"He
just doesn't know, Jake; he just doesn't know..."
"Yeah,
well put your fuckin' money where your big mouths are. Ain't no dude gonna make
me moan and scream like a bitch."
"How
much are you willing to put up?" I asked him.
"I
ain't puttin' up nothin' `cause you two can't make it happen." He was looking
really cocky now.
"I
sure wish I had a tape recorder with me, `cause it'd be great to play a tape
back to you with you moaning out, `Oh God, Oh God. Do it more!'." We all
started laughing.
"Well
don't be worryin' `bout it, cause you ain't gonna make it happen."
"I
wouldn't count too highly on that, straight boy." I leered at him.
"Give
it your best shot, dudes! You ain't ever gonna make me moan out `Oh God'!"
I
nudged Jake forward by his hips. "Jake, let's show this straight boy how real
men do it."
We
walked out to the front room. Sean was sitting up on the couch, still with a
cocky grin; looking at us like, yeah, whatever. He did have a slight red tint
to him though. I used my hand to steer Jake towards the front of Sean while I
went behind the couch and kneeled down and rested my arms across his shoulders,
my fingers closing on his chest. Jake saw what I'd done and kneeled down in
front of him and put his hands on Sean's legs. I have to admit, Jake looked
kind of nervous, but I was hoping he'd get into soon. I thought I'd better get
things started.
I
grabbed Sean's nipples between my thumb and forefinger and pinched them, and
then I just circled my fingers around them until they popped up. He squirmed a
little. Jake started rubbing his legs while he watched me; not looking at
Sean's face at all. I think he was afraid of what he might see. When I had his
nipples hard I ran my fingers up his pecs to his neck, then circled around,
then up the back of his head, running my fingers through his fuzzy blond hair.
I then ran my fingers down the side, and drew circles around his ears, making
sure I grazed his lobes, then back to the back of his neck. He shivered just
slightly. I continued around his neck back down to his pecs and back to his nipples.
Jake had begun running his hands up and down Sean's legs and then he jumped to
his forearms, then slowly and lightly moved his hands up to meet mine on his
chest. Jake ran his hands over mine a couple of times on Sean's chest, then
started moving very slowly down towards his waist, then he went to the side and
came back up his arms to meet mine again on Sean's chest. Sean shivered again
and let out a really quiet sigh. Jake finally met Sean's eyes and I don't know
what he saw there, but I saw Jake's and they got a lustful glaze to them. Jake
then ran his hands slowly down Sean's arms and stopped at his wrists. I was
still rubbing my fingers around Sean's chest, nipples and abs. Jake grabbed
Sean's wrists, while looking up at me. I nodded and Jake stood up while pulling
on Sean's arm to get him standing. I went ahead and stood up behind the couch
and walked around to the front.
Jake
and Sean were standing face to face. I looked down; they were both hard as
rocks. It was a nice sight. I came up to Jake and he turned his head to look at
me. I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into a hard kiss, and then I
let him go and reached for the bottom of his shirt. I pulled his shirt up while
he lifted his arms and I yanked it over his head and threw it across the room.
Jake put his arms back down and I kissed him hard again. I broke the kiss and
turned to Sean. I knew it was too soon for a kiss so I just reached out and
grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled it up. He lifted his arms and I
pulled it over his head and threw it the same direction I'd thrown Jake's.
Damn! Two of the sexiest guys I'd ever laid eyes on and I was standing between
them. I put each of my hands on their lower backs, bent my head down and sucked
one of Sean's nipples into my mouth. He grunted. I sucked and licked his left
nipple for a couple of seconds, then moved over to the right one, dragging my
tongue across his chest. He grunted again. I sucked on this right one for
another couple of seconds, before turning my head and body and doing the same
thing to Jake. He moaned when I first landed and then grabbed my head with his
left hand and pulled me in harder. After giving them both the same treatment I
stood back up and pulled my own shirt off, throwing it with the others.
I
wanted to get back behind Sean, so I put my hand on his hip and pushed so he'd
turn to his right. At the same time he was turning I reached up with my left
hand and took Jake's shoulder to nudge him the same direction. I then reached
under Sean's arms and came up under them and started playing with his nipples
again, while pressing up against his ass. I know he had to feel that I was hard
but he didn't as much as flinch. While I was working Sean's nipples with my
fingers, Jake leaned his head down and took one of them into his mouth, while
kissing my finger. I pulled my finger away so he could work on the nipple in
his mouth. I felt Sean's body shudder through my own. Jake just went to work on
both of Sean's nipples and I started running my hands up and down his sides,
then as I stood back a few inches, I'd bring my hands up his back, then across
his shoulder and very lightly back down his arms. I did this twice while Jake
worked his nipples. I had my head on Sean's left and as Jake came back up from
his nipple worship I reached for his head with my right hand and brought him
into me for a kiss. We were kissing an inch away from Sean's face and I heard
him moan. I pulled back from the kiss and used my hand to steer Jake's head to
look straight at Sean. I used my fingers to lightly push him into a kiss with
Sean. To my surprise Sean was the one that bent his forward to kiss Jake. I
almost came in my jeans watching them have their first kiss. I heard them moan
into each other's mouth. I could tell there was a little tongue action too.
They broke the kiss and just looked at each other for a second. Sean reached
behind him with his left hand and brought it to my neck, turned his head and
pulled me to his lips. Oh yeah, he tasted like beer, but oh such hot, soft
lips.  We both moaned into each other's mouth, kissing for about fifteen
seconds before I broke the kiss and smiled at him. None of us had uttered a
word since we'd started.
I
pulled my head back so I was looking at the back of his head, then ran my hands
down the front of his chest and stomach, stopping at the waist band of his
jeans. I had already decided that Jake would take care of the front section and
I would work on Sean's ass with my mouth. If he thought he could eat pussy
well, wait until he felt my tongue in his ass. I undid the button on his jeans
and pulled his zipper down. I slowly pulled my hand back up between his open
zipper and the hard cock pressing against his white briefs. I stuck my hand
down the front of his briefs and felt the wetness of the pre-cum there. Nice. I
rubbed his cock head with my finger a couple of times, then pulled it up and
brought it to my face and stuck my finger in my mouth, my head right next to
his. He moaned. I then ran my hand back down his torso and back into his briefs
to get another finger full of pre-cum. Once I had a good amount on my finger I
pulled it back out then held it out for Jake. Jake sucked my finger into his
mouth and moaned loudly. He sucked on my finger for a few seconds with Sean and
me watching him. When Jake was done with my finger I repeated the process, but
this time I held my finger up to Sean's mouth. I saw Jake smile, then he nodded
at Sean. Sean stuck his tongue out and flicked it on my finger to get just a
small taste. He thought about it for a second, smiled, and then clamped his
mouth onto my finger. Jake and I both moaned watching him. After sucking my
finger for a few seconds he released it and I pulled it back out and ran my
hands down to his hips.
I
whispered into his ear. "Toe your shoes off."
Jake
had heard me too so he bent down to take Sean's shoes off, and then he took his
own off. He kind of tossed both pairs of shoes a few feet away and stayed
kneeling in front of Sean, waiting for the jeans he knew were coming down. I
grabbed the waistband of Sean's jeans and slowly lowered them down, kneeling
down as I did so. As I slid his jeans down, I was lined up right with his ass
so I kissed it, then moved my head around his legs and kissed Jake. Jake smiled
at me and I smiled back. Jake then took over the jean removal by pulling them
off Sean's legs as he lifted his feet one at a time. He tossed the jeans to
meet up with the shoes. As I stood back up behind Sean I very slowly and very
lightly ran my fingers up the back of his legs. He let out a light moan and I
smiled to myself. Can't make you moan, huh? I continued running my fingers up
until I reached the cheeks of his ass. I moved my fingers around his front,
diving down to the inside of his thighs and then just ran my left finger up the
middle of his balls and up the shaft of his cock. Jake was still kneeling in
front, watching me. They both let out a moan. I ran my finger slowly up and
down his cock two or three times before rubbing a couple of circles around the
head, feeling the pre-cum ooze out into his already soaked briefs. Once my
finger was wet again I brought it up to my mouth and sucked it a couple of
seconds. His pre-cum was as good as Jake's. I pulled my finger out of my mouth
and looked at Jake and smiled. He smiled right back at me. I brought my hand
back on to Sean's hips and stuck my thumbs under the waistband of his underwear
on both sides and ran them towards the front. While I was doing this I started
licking his neck and he moaned again and bent his head so I had better access. I
licked and kissed his neck for a few seconds, then I pulled my thumbs straight
out from his body, bringing the briefs with me so they could clear the hard
cock that sprang out and pulled them down over his ass, handing them off to
Jake, who took them and pulled them off Sean's feet. We had our sexy straight
boy standing in nothing but socks, with a dripping hard cock. Now, what to do
with him...
I
lowered myself down on one knee, Sean's ass inches from my face and I watched
Jake sniff the underwear then toss it over to the pile. When Jake looked up I
gave him a huge smile then nodded towards Sean's front and made a cock sucking
motion with my mouth. He got a huge grin on his face and nodded back at me.
Jake started by running the backs of his fingers, very slowly, up the inside of
Sean's legs. Sean shuddered again. Jake then reached over with his right hand
and lightly touched Sean's ball sack. They both moaned. Jake then took a better
grip on the balls and started massaging them, running each nut through his
fingers. As he was doing this he moved his head towards Sean's cock, then stuck
his tongue out and ran it up the length of his cock then kissed the head,
tasting the pre-cum. Sean shuddered and moaned again. I was just sitting there
rubbing Sean's legs and watching Jake go to work. It's was hot as fuck and I
really didn't want to miss it. Sean had a beautiful cock. It was damn near
eight inches and kind of fat, but kind of veiny and sexy looking, with a pretty
good size crown surrounding a nice mushroom head. I watched Jake run his tongue
up and down the shaft and heard myself moan. Jake looked over at me and smiled.
I just gave him my best lustful gaze. Jake continued licking up and down Sean's
shaft while massaging his balls for about three or four minutes. I knew he was
teasing him on purpose, and it was fun to watch, and hear Sean moan. I guess
Sean couldn't take it anymore because he spoke for the first time.
"Oh
God, Jakey, please suck it. Suck my cock, please, man... You're killin' me."
So,
no moaning and no pleas to God either. Sure thing, straight boy. I smiled to
myself and watched Jake in action. He pulled his tongue in then put his lips on
the head and slowly slid Sean's cock in, keeping enough pressure on his lips
that it looked like it was just barely going to fit. He got about five inches
of it in, God bless him, then pulled back up and licked around the crown once
and went back down. Sean let out a loud moan. I let out a moan as well; it was
a hell of a sight. Jake went back down as far as he was comfortable with then
just started slowly sliding the cock in and out of his mouth; just like he
usually does, setting up his favorite rhythm. Sean moaned again and then put
his hands on Jake's head and just kind of rested them there, not forcing Jake,
but resting them and running his fingers through Jake's fuzzy hair. I watched
for a few strokes, but I had an ass next to my face that I'd spent more than a
few moments thinking about.
I
reached my hands up and rested them on Sean's lower back, then began moving my
fingers around, lightly massaging. I was sitting with my face staring at his
ass, and really enjoying the view. After about ten seconds I moved my hands
lower and began running my fingers down both ass cheeks, then flipped my hands
over and ran back up them using the backs of my fingers. I did this twice, then
I bent my head forward and started kissing each cheek, then just started
running my tongue all over them. I still had my hands resting on the sides of
his ass, but my mouth was doing all the work. I'd run my tongue up the middle
of one cheek, then across his crack and down the other cheek, doing it four or
five times. When I got to his crack on the next round I just ran my tongue down
the crack of his ass. He moaned again; I just didn't know which one of us had
caused it. I ran my tongue as far down his crack as I could reach, almost
getting to his nut sack, then went back up the same way. I did this three times
and then I brought my hands into the middle of his ass and pulled his cheeks
apart. Before he could protest I slammed my tongue into his trench and just
started running it deeper, up and down his trench. I did this three times, then
I stopped at his hole on the downward dive and just buried my face in his ass
and locked my mouth on his asshole; swirling my tongue around and around. He
yelped, then let out a groan, then moaned.
"That
feels fuckin' awesome! Are you eating my ass, man?"
I
nodded my head in his ass and kept right on working my tongue around his hole. I
slurped and sucked and licked as best I could. I needed him to bend over more,
but that would pull his dick out of Jake's mouth. I had a thought. I pulled my
face out of his ass, let his cheeks go then swatted him lightly on the ass. I
stood up, moving to his side and tapped Jake on the shoulder. He looked up at
me and I motioned for him to stand up. I looked at Sean's face and it was a
mask of hunger and lust. Good; just what we needed it to be. Jake was standing
and I took Sean's hand and led him to the end of the couch, I turned him around
facing me and noticed the huge smile on Jake's face. I backed Sean up to the
arm of the couch.
I
looked him straight in the eyes. "Sit down." He did immediately. "Keep your ass
on the arm of the couch and just fall backwards. Jake and I will do the rest."
He
fell back without questioning it, his legs hanging down. I looked at Jake and
smiled. He grinned back at me. I then grabbed his head and kissed him hard, our
tongues running around each other's mouths; me tasting Sean's cock and Jake
tasting Sean's ass. It was kind of a rush. I broke the kiss and pointed at
Sean's still throbbing cock.
"Get
back to work, baby."
He
smiled and dropped to his knees. I stood at the end of the couch and took one of
Sean's ankles in each of my hands and lifted his legs up, then while pushing
forward on them, bending them at the knees, I dropped back down to my knees,
and as his legs went up his ass opened up in front of me. Oh hell yeah, much
better. I quickly slammed my face back into his ass before he thought I might
be trying to fuck him. Hell, Jake and I still had our jeans on, but you never
know how paranoid a straight boy is about his ass being up in the air. I went
back to rimming this boy's hot, sexy ass; my mouth locked on his hole like an
air lock. I started tongue fucking him; slamming my tongue as deep in his ass
as I could get it.
He
yelled out, "Oh fuck yeah!! Oh my God, that feel's so fucking good. Oh, fuck my
ass with your tongue, baby. Oh God, that feels so good."
I'd
never had to be told twice to eat a hot, sexy ass and I continued my rim job on
this man, doing my very best so that he would remember it the rest of his life.
While I was eating his ass and tongue fucking him, Jake was doing a damn good
job on his cock, still doing his methodical, rhythm sucking, but I knew how
good that felt. Poor Sean was kind of in overload; he didn't know what felt
better or whose name to use when he yelled out. I didn't want him busting yet;
I wanted to bump this up a notch, and I wanted to get in on more with Jake. I
ate Sean's ass for about five more minutes, but then I pulled my face out,
while lowering his legs with my hands. Once his legs were dangling again I used
my hands to spread them a little so I could get between them and join Jacob. I
ran my tongue along the insides of his thighs as I worked my way up to his
balls. I knew from the angle he was at that he had a birds-eye view of the
action too. I sucked one of his balls into my mouth, tugging on his nut sack as
I did so. He moaned out loud again and told me to suck his balls. I sucked on
each of his balls for a few seconds then I looked up and watched Jake working
his cock. I moved my head up higher and licked the base of Sean's cock as Jake
was coming down. Jake pulled back up, and then came down one more time while I
was licking the base. On the next upstroke he came off Sean's cock and met me
with a hot, sweaty, wet, passionate kiss; Sean's cock standing next to our
faces. Sean moaned while watching us make out.
"Oh
fuck, that's hot as fuck, guys... Fuck yeah..."
Jake
and I broke the kiss after a few seconds and both of us looked at Sean. He had
a mixture of lust and wonderment on his face. I grabbed his cock at the base
with my hand and ran my tongue up the entire length, while looking straight at
him. He moaned really loudly. Then I pulled my face back and held his cock for
Jake to do the same thing. Jake stuck his tongue out and ran it up the entire
length, then back down again. I took over and did it two more times. We set up
a nice rhythm passing Sean's cock back and forth for a lick. While we were
doing this he was moaning and groaning more.
"Oh
fuck! Fuck dudes, do you know how hot that fuckin' looks? Oh my God, that's
fucking hot! Fuck yeah, lick my fucking cock! Share my fucking hard cock! Fuck
yeah. You guys like my big, fucking cock!? Yeah, boys, lick my big, fucking
cock!"
He
was either way more into this than I ever thought he'd be or he just really
liked hearing himself talk dirty. I smiled to myself and kept sharing Jake's
cocksickle with him. On one of Jakes up-licks I grabbed his head and pulled him
back in for another hot, sweaty kiss. We made out with each other for about a
minute, letting Sean view the show. He was just watching us, groaning and
telling us how fucking hot it looked. When I broke the kiss I looked into
Jake's eyes; I saw an incredible mixture of lust and love in them. I decided I
wanted his cock in my mouth; and wherever else he wanted to put it. I gave
Sean's "big fucking cock" one last lick and stood up. I walked around the couch
so I was behind Jake. I reached down under his arms and pulled him up to me. I
turned him around and kissed him again, then I pushed him back, turned him a
little so Sean had a good view, then ran my hands down his chest and stomach. I
reached the waistband of his jeans and undid the button, then pulled the zipper
down, grabbed the sides of them and just yanked his jeans down. I wanted my man
and I didn't want to waste time getting to him. I dropped to my knees and
grabbed his ankles one at a time ripping his jeans off of his legs. I then just
reached up and grabbed the front of his boxer-briefs, pulled out to clear his
hard cock and yanked them down too. I pulled them off his feet and just threw
`em somewhere behind me. I sat on my knees and just looked at his body in front
of me for a few seconds.
"God
baby, you're so sexy..."
I
leaned my head forward and just engulfed his cock, taking him all the way in,
my face in his pubes. He let out a yelp and then groaned hard and yelled out.
"Oh
Fuck...!" I held his cock in my throat for about five seconds.
Sean
called out. "Oh fuck! That was fuckin' hot! Fuck Jake, does it feel good!?"
"Oh
God yes; it feels fuckin' great! Oh God, baby, swallow my fuckin' cock!"
I
pulled back up almost to the head then went right back down and held him there.
They both moaned and called out. I did this six or seven more times, getting
the same response each time, while at the same time running my hands up the
back of Jake's legs and grabbing his ass and pulling him into me. I just kept
deep-throating him and squeezing his ass. I let go of the ass cheek I had in my
right hand and brought it around to his balls. I grabbed the base of his balls
between my index finger and my thumb and pulled down kind of hard on them and
just started slamming his cock in and out of my throat. I face fucked myself on
his cock for several minutes; loving the feel and the taste; he was pumping out
pre-cum like a fountain. He was grunting and moaning and Sean was moaning and
saying how hot it looked. I didn't want him busting yet either, so I finally
backed off. I let go of his balls then I held the tip of his cock with my
fingertip and ran my tongue up it just once. I was incredibly horny, and
getting more so by the second; I wanted and needed more. I stood up, grabbed
the back of Jake's head and pulled him into another hard kiss. After about
fifteen seconds I pulled my head back, breaking the kiss, but still had a firm
grip on the back of his head. I looked into his eyes for a moment and then
released the back of his head, running my hand down to the front of his body
and down his chest to his treasure trail. I rubbed my finger along his trail a
couple of times then stepped back away from him. I looked over at Sean.
"Stand
up."
He
stood up immediately like I'd given him an order. When he was on his feet I
walked up to him and grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into the same
kind of kiss I'd just given Jake. He moaned into my mouth and slammed his tongue
in, searching out mine. I heard Jake moan to my left while he watched us. We
kissed for about twenty seconds or so, and then I pulled away abruptly just as
I had with Jake. I stood back from them and just looked at them for a few
seconds.
"Fuck
me... You guys are so fucking hot! Follow me!" I barked out and headed to the
bedroom. They stepped in right behind me.
When
we got into the bedroom we stopped and I turned around and looked at them
again. I moaned softly. They were standing side by side, about three inches
apart from each other. I walked up to them; grabbing Sean into another sweaty
kiss then released him and did the same to Jake. I stood back away from them
and ripped the buttons of my jeans open and shoved my pants down to my ankles.
I reached down and yanked them off my legs, threw them on the chair leading
into the bathroom and stood to the side of them. I left my boxer-briefs on, but
I just needed easier access to my own cock; it needed to be touched. I pointed
to the bed.
"Over
there. Get on the bed, hands and knees, face down, ass up; sorta frog like."
They
both giggled but complied. I walked over to the bed, took a mental picture of
the image in front of me and dropped to my knees. I patted them both on a
cheek.
"Little
closer, guys; you're gonna give me rug burns knee jogging back and forth." They
giggled again then scooted together.
I
took another mental picture and then lowered my face into Jake's ass. Oh yeah,
this is the one I knew; tasty as hell too. Jake grunted and moaned. I started
munching on Jake's hole, running my tongue all around it, stabbing in
occasionally then circling around it again. I lifted my face off, scooted over
and did the same thing to Sean. This had been a fantasy of mine for some time;
eating out two hot asses side by side. I ate both their asses for about thirty
minutes, back and forth, both of them moaning and calling out for me to eat
their fucking ass. At one point I'd looked up and saw them kissing, tongues
darting in and out of each other's mouth. I took another mental picture for my
scrapbook. About five minutes before I'd quit munching their asses I'd started
swatting them; a little bit harder each time. I knew Jake sort of liked having
me do it, but Sean shocked me when he yelled out once, "Oh Fuck! Slap my ass!"
I gave it a really good slap and he jumped a little and moaned. When my mouth
and tongue were getting sore I pulled my face away and then got up on my feet.
I walked over to my duffle bag and pulled out a box of condoms I had in there,
walked to the nightstand, grabbed the lube and walked back over to the boys. I
had my goodies in my left hand and with my right I gave each ass a good slap.
"Get
up!"
They
both complied immediately. Wow, this is fun; they're both well trained to
listen to orders. I showed them what I had in my hand. I gave each of them a
condom and then tossed the lube down on the bed between them.
"Saddle
up, guys! I want those big cocks in my ass; I'm hungry."
They
looked at me, then at each other; grinned like idiots then tore into the condom
package with their teeth. I looked at Jake and raised my eyebrows. He knew what
I wanted.
He
stood aside so I could get to the bed. "Get on the fucking bed! Now!" I watched
Sean look at him in amazement then get a huge grin on his face. He knew what
was up.
"Yeah,
get on your fucking knees on the bed! Move!" I got on the bed on my hands and
knees. "Face down; ass up. Do it now!" He liked this part.
Jake
agreed with him. "Do it now!" I hesitated on purpose. "You want these hard
cocks in your ass, boy? Do it!" I smiled and dropped my head down to the bed,
assuming the frog position.
"Damn,
he's a good boy! I should get me one of these." Sean laughed.
I
was a little stunned by what he'd said but I smiled to myself. This could turn
into something really hot. Hell, I'd let these two hot Marines order me around
and love every second of it. A cartoon bubble popped into my head for just a
second and it said, "I wonder if the neighbors are home..." I shook my head to
erase it; I really didn't give a damn right now.
Then
I heard Jake. "Not always; sometimes you have to slap his ass to get his
attention; he zones out." And with that someone slapped my ass. I moaned.
I
heard Sean. "Oh fuck yeah, I see what you mean. Maybe he needs another
attention getter; he still hasn't done what we told him." I wondered what the
fuck he was talking about; maybe I'd missed something when I was zoned out.
Then I felt another fairly hard slap on my ass. "My boy told you to spread your
legs, bitch!" That stopped me. I hated, truly hated being called a bitch.
"Guys,
this is hot as fuck; it really is, but I only have one rule; and it is if
either of you ever calls me a bitch again I'll cut your dicks off. Carry on..."
"Oh
fuck... Mike, I'm really sorry. It won't happen again. I swear!"
"No
worries, Sean; now you know. Get back to work!"
I
spread my legs a little wider and waited. Nine or ten seconds goes by. "Someone
needs to lube up and slide their fucking cock in my ass. Now! Hungry hole
here!"
They
both giggled and I felt Jake reach up and rub my ass with lube, then he stuck
his finger in and worked it around a little. He pulled his finger out, then a
few seconds later he was back with two; doing his usual twist, bend, tug,
stroke action. My boy knew how to work my ass already; I loved him for it.
"Fuck
Jakey, that's hot to watch you do that. Damn, two fingers in his ass, that's
nice... Fuck."
"If
you think that's hot wait `til I add the third one." I giggled.
"Shut
up, boy! Men at work here!" It was Jake. I giggled again, on purpose, and felt
a hard slap on my ass. I needed them both to relax and get back into it.
"Shut
the fuck up, boy! Nobody asked you anything!" It was Sean taking charge this
time.
"Yes
Sir!"
Slap.
"I said shut the fuck up! Just lay there and suck those fucking fingers in!"
Oh
hell yeah.
Jake
pulled the two fingers out and soon returned with three. Mmmm Yeah, baby, do
your thing. He slid two into me, worked them around for a second and added the
third. I groaned. Sean groaned.
"Fuck,
dude; I see what you mean. Damn!"
Jake
continued working his fingers in and out of my ass for a few more seconds and
then they were gone. Not five seconds later I felt the head of his cock at my
hole. It felt strange feeling him wear a rubber, but for this gig is was the
smart thing to do. I felt him moving the head of his dick around my hole a
couple of times, before he lined up and pressed in just a little. That's my
sweet Jake; taking it easy on the old man's ass. I moaned a little. I relaxed
my ass muscles and just pushed back hard on his cock. He slid in balls-deep, I
grunted, he moaned and Sean groaned and said, "Oh fuck... Dude!" Jake held still
while my ass adjusted to him. When I was ready I flexed my ass muscles a couple
of times to let him know I was good. He pulled slowly back up to the head of
his dick then slowly slid back in all the way. He did this three times before
he started fucking me at a pretty good clip; for him anyway. I grunted and
moaned every time he slid back into me. I had an idea. I started moaning louder
and talking again.
"Mmmm.
Oh fuck yeah! Fuck my ass, you fucking stud! I wanna feel your cock sliding in
and outta my ass. Fuck yeah, baby."
Jake
smacked my ass again. "Hey, boy, we told you to shut the fuck up!"
"Yeah,
boy, listen from now on. Keep your mouth closed or I'll shove my fucking cock
in there so you can't talk."
"Oh
fuck! Fuck my ass, Jake. I love your cock in my ass! Fuck me, please!"
I
knew what I wanted. The next thing I knew my ass got another slap and I heard
Sean coming around the bed. I looked up and saw him pulling the condom off his
dick and getting up on the bed on his knees, up to my head.
"Open
your fucking mouth!" I didn't move. He grabbed my hair, though not enough to
hurt me. "I said open your fucking mouth! Take my big cock in your fucking
mouth, boy!"
I
lifted my head up and just looked at his cock in my face. It was indeed
impressive. I guess I didn't open my mouth fast enough. Ah, I wasn't listening.
He thrust his hips forward while turning them and slapped my face with his
cock. This boy learns fast. I turned my head the other way and he cock slapped
me on that side. I turned my face front again, but still didn't open my mouth.
He began running his cock head around my lips.
"Open
that fucking mouth, boy! You're gonna take this big cock in your mouth!"
I
decided I wanted it in there so I opened my mouth and he pushed it in. Mmmm
tasty. He had slid about five or six inches in, but I was doing okay with it; I
wasn't sure if I could deep throat him at this angle. He slid his cock in and
out of my mouth, still with my hair in his hands. He seemed to really enjoy the
position I'd let him assume. He started moaning after several seconds of my
cock worship.
"Mmmm...
 Fuck yeah... Oh God, suck that fucking big cock, boy! Let me see my cock go
in your mouth. Yeah, that's it, baby, suck that fucking big dick!"
While
I was sucking Sean's big dick, Jake was still working my ass pretty good. I
still wasn't ready for these guys to bust a nut yet though. After about four or
five minutes I pulled my head away from Sean's cock. I looked up at him.
"Mmmm,
tasty cock; I want to feel that big cock in my ass. You think you can handle
it?" He wasn't really in character anymore; he just looked down at me with a
little wonder in his eyes and nodded. "Send my boy up here, slap on another
rubber and show me what you can do."
He
smiled big and just jumped sideways off the bed. I turned my head, following
him with my eyes. He grabbed another condom, ripped the package open, pulled it
out and slid it over his cock. He then walked up to Jake and slapped his ass.
"Move
over, dude. I'm gettin' some of this ass. Go shove your cock in his mouth and
keep him quiet."
Jake
made one last thrust in, pulled out of me and ripped the condom off his cock.
He backed up to let Sean take his place, but when he was coming around Sean,
Sean grabbed his arm and turned him to face him and kissed him hard on the
mouth. It was hot as hell to watch. Jake started to respond and they started
really kissing passionately, Sean taking Jake into his arms and making out with
him; Jake running his arms around Sean's neck. It was one of the hottest things
I've ever witnessed but it also made me a little nervous. Maybe I'd created a
monster. Sean reached down and grabbed Jake's ass in his hands and pulled him
in tighter and up a little. Jake damn near lifted his legs up to wrap around
Sean. They made out with total abandon for about two full minutes, kissing,
licking and trying to swallow each other. Jake finally broke the kiss and stood
there panting, looking at Sean. Sean was panting heavily too, but was the first
to speak.
"Fuck,
dude...! That was intense. I don't think I've ever even made out with a girl like
that before. You're a fucking great kisser, dude; you get so into it, it's
fucking intense." I already knew all of this about Jake, and I wasn't too sure
I wanted Sean to know it.
Jake
was still looking at him and blushing a little. "You should talk, dude; I
thought you were going to swallow me. Damn, that was intense. What the fuck
came over you?"
"Don't
know; just felt like I was goin' along for the ride; it was fuckin' hot."
They
both stood there looking at each other. I had to snap them out of it. "Hey,
hungry ass here; needs a cock in it!" That was enough to break the moment for
Sean.
"Fuck
yeah, here comes the big cock; you ready?"
"Show
me what you got." I looked at Jake. "Get that sweet, delicious cock over here,
baby and slide it in my mouth. I wanna taste you." Sean was lined up with my
hole and Jake climbed up on the bed and smiled down at me. I smiled back at him
and winked. "Gimme that cock, baby; it looks tasty." He grinned down at me and
moved in to feed me his cock.
While
Jake was feeding my mouth, Sean had slid all eight inches of himself into my
ass. Talk about feeling full. He felt good in there, but damn. Not a little
dude by any means. As Jake continued fucking my mouth Sean fucked my ass. He
slid his cock in and out slowly, letting me feel every inch of him about three
times, then on the last outbound, reached down and slapped my ass and grabbed
my hips and started fucking me like he meant it. Every time he'd bury his cock
in my ass it would move my head forward onto Jake's cock. This was a nice
thing; I really didn't have to do any work at all; just get fucked from both
ends, moving back and forth like a pendulum. They fucked me like that for about
ten minutes; Sean changing up the action at my ass from time to time while Jake
pulled out occasionally and cock slapped me then stuck it back in for me to
suck. It seemed like every time Jake would cock slap me, Sean would slap my
ass; he must've been watching the action in front of him. I wasn't sure how
close either one of them was getting; they were grunting, panting and swearing.
I knew Jake's balls were pulled up pretty close to his gut, but had no idea
where Sean was at. I had one last idea. I wanted to see both of these guys
bust. I pulled off Jake's cock and looked up at him.
"I
wanna watch you guys cum, baby. I wanna see you both shoot your fucking loads."
Jake looked down at me with a huge grin on his face and nodded. He swung off
the bed just like Sean had and I pulled forward, easing my ass off Sean's cock.
I spun around on the bed and looked at Sean. "I want to watch you bust your
nut, Sean; Jake and I both want to watch you bust your fuckin' nut."
"Fuck
yeah, we do. I wanna see you bust, dude."
He
thought about something for a couple of seconds then got a huge grin on his
face. He dropped down to the floor, spinning around up against the bed, sitting
on his ass. He scooted his ass out a ways so he was leaning back against the
bed. He looked hot as fuck, as usual.
"Dude!
I want you to bust on my fuckin' chest. I want both of you to bust on my chest.
I think it'd be hot as fuck to see you guys strokin' your cocks and then cum
all over me."
Sean
and I looked at Jake then at each other and got huge grins on our faces. I
answered first. "Fuck yeah, baby, that'd be really hot."
"Hell
yeah it would. Goddamn, dude, you're actually gonna let us bust a load all over
you?"
"Fuck
yeah, dude. It sounds hot; don't you think?"
"Don't
have to convince me. You just stay right there."
Sean
grabbed his cock in his right hand and started beating off. I walked up and
stood next to him on his left, putting my arm around his waist, resting my hand
on his hip and started jerking my own cock with my left hand. While we were
both jerking our dicks, Jake had a killer lusty glaze in his eyes and just
jacked his cock while he rubbed his left hand all over his chest, nipples and
tummy and then up and down his treasure trail then back up to his nipples. I
liked the view. I turned my head into Sean's neck and started licking it and
running my tongue around his ear then back down to his neck. After a couple of
times he reached up with his left hand, grabbed my head, turned his face to
mine and pulled me in for a really hot kiss. He slammed his tongue in my mouth
and throat fucked me a couple of times, and then just started moving his lips
and tongue all over my mouth. I can see why Jake got so into it; this boy had a
way with his mouth. He finally pulled away from the kiss and let go of my head.
He went back to concentrating on his cock. I decided fuck it, I may never get
another chance and I sucked on my finger getting it all wet and then reached
behind him and started probing his hole.
"Oh
fuck! What're you doing, dude?" I wiggled my finger around a little, just
applying a little pressure, not going in. "Ungh...! Oh God... Oh fuck, man, that's
fuckin'... Oh man..."
I
started licking his neck again and sucking on his ear lobe, then ran my tongue
all the around his ear a couple of times, finishing off by starting at his chin
and licking up the side of his face.
"Oh
fucking hell! Oh God, oh God, oh God... That's so fucking hot!"
I
was still wiggling my finger around his hole, but then reached over to my own
hole and swiped some lube off my ass and went back to his hole. I put my finger
back to his hole and he whimpered. I ran my greasy finger around his hole a
couple of times and then pressed against it, still not trying to get in, just
applying pressure and getting it lubed up a little. He flinched once, but then
whimpered again and started babbling, while I ratcheted up my tongue work on
his neck, face and ear.
"Oh...
Fuck me! Oh my fucking God. Oh... Fuck... (He whimpered this one.) Oh God... Oh fuck,
I'm so fucking close. Oh God..."
I
looked down and watched him jack his big cock; it was an amazing sight; it was
so flared and so purple and seemed just fucking huge.
"Oh
fuck me... Oh baby...! I'm gonna fuckin' cum! Oh God! Oh God yes..." I knew this was
it and I slipped my finger in his ass to the hilt and started wiggling it
around, rubbing his prostate. "Oh my fucking God!! Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!!
I'm fucking cumming!! FUCK!!!"
Jake
and I both watched in amazement. It was truly epic. The first volley shot out
of his cock, at least a quarter cup of it, and headed straight for Jake. I'd
never seen such a huge amount in one spurt before. It arced through the air and
landed on Jake's chin, splattering all over his face and mouth, then running
down onto his neck. The second one wasn't quite as massive but still pretty
sizable and it came flying out of that big flaring cock and followed the first
one to Jake's face. I almost felt bad for him, but I knew he loved every ounce
of it. I wiggled my finger around again, pressing hard against his prostate.
Sean
screamed out. "OH FUCK!!!"
He
started panting and sucking air in like a drowning man. Another powerful blast
came shooting out of his cock. What he was losing in volume he kept up in
distance; it barely missed Jake's mouth, landing under his chin and running
down his neck. Jake had the biggest grin on his face I'd ever seen on him. I
didn't blame him; it was fucking epic as hell. Sean sounded like he was
fighting for air, so I pulled my finger out and got behind him and put my arms
around him in time for the fourth shot. As it launched out of his cock I pulled
him back to rest against my body; holding him while he drained his balls all
over Jake. The fourth one landed on Jakes chest with a splat. I smiled over at
Jake but he was looking down at the new seed on his body. Sean let go of his cock
as one more shot came flying out. It didn't have any power behind it and landed
on Jake's leg. I think Sean was just in overload and had just let go. He leaned
back into me, letting me take most of his weight. He whimpered a few times, and
still panting and sucking air, let out one final glob of cum and it hit the
floor in front of us. He was still sucking in air, but his breathing was
regular for the most part so I wasn't too worried about him. I just held him in
my arms while he came down. He whimpered a couple more times.
"Oh
man... Oh baby, that was so intense..., so intense. I've never cum like that in my
fucking life. So intense... Oh baby, just hold me for a minute, please..."
"I'm
right here, Sean, I'm not going anywhere. That was fucking epic, dude!"
I
held him under his shoulders, feeling the sweat from his pits on my arms, and
rubbed my hands up and down his stomach letting him come back down. While I was
holding him I was also watching Jake spreading cum around his body with his
fingers. He still hadn't touched the huge mess on his face, but he was enjoying
the white sticky fun that had landed on his chest. It was hot to watch and my
dick responded, twitching against Sean's ass. He didn't flinch or move, he just
turned his face to look at me.
"That
is kinda hot isn't it?"
"Oh
fuck yeah. I've never seen him do that before..."
"Well
just don't think about stickin' that cock of yours in my ass; I'm not ready for
that right now." He exhaled.
I
smiled at him. "I would never do that to someone who isn't ready."
He
smiled back at me. We turned our heads back forward and watched Jake playing
with his treat; he was like a little boy, a very sexy little boy, playing with
a new toy. My dick jumped up against Sean's ass again. Sean felt me smile and
smiled too.
"If
you think you're good to stand up on your own, I need to take care of something
soon, or you're gonna be taking care of it." I smiled big. He laughed and
pulled himself up.
"Have
at it, stud. Let's see what you got."
He
went and sat beside Jake to watch the show. He reached a finger over to Jake's
face and wiped it through a big glob of his own jizz. I thought he was going
eat it, but he held it up for Jake to eat. Jake sucked his finger in and
slurped the cum off. I groaned and Sean looked up and grinned. He pulled his
finger out of Jake's mouth and swiped up some more of his jizz with the same
finger. I thought he was going to sit there and feed Jake his load, but instead
he tried this one himself. He held it up to his mouth and stuck his tongue out
a little. I groaned louder. He grinned at me and then stuck his tongue out more
and just wiped his finger down across it, leaving the cum sitting on his
tongue. I groaned loudly again. He locked his eyes on mine, his tongue still
sticking out with the cum on it, then opened his mouth and pulled his tongue
in. I was just about to lose it.
"Oh
fucking hell, that's about the hottest thing I've ever seen, dude."
I
was beating my cock while looking into his eyes. He closed his mouth, tasting
what was on his tongue, then swallowed it, still looking at me. He grinned. I
moaned and kept beating my cock. Sean then stuck his finger back onto Jake's
face and swiped up another glob of the precious fluid. He pulled his finger
away from Jake's face but then held it out in front of Jake's slightly open
mouth. Jake locked eyes with me and smiled. I smiled back at him and groaned
again. He stuck his tongue out and Sean wiped the cum off on it just like he
had his own tongue. Jake pulled his tongue back in and closed his mouth,
feeling and tasting the gift that had been placed on his tongue. He was still
looking right at me, and with a lust filled gaze and slight smile he swallowed.
"Oh
fuck me, Jacob... That was fucking hot as hell. Goddamn, boy!"
Jake
gave me a huge smile and then Sean looked up at me and smiled again. He then
got up on his haunches, reached over to Jake's face with his finger and swiped
up a really big glob on his fingers. He stood up and walked over to me,
standing inches from my face. He leaned forward and kissed me. When he broke
the kiss his finger was there with the offering on it.
"Gimme
your tongue."
I
slipped my tongue out, and with one of the sexiest smiles I've ever seen, he
wiped his finger off on my tongue. I wasn't letting him get away that easy
though; I grabbed his hand and sucked his finger into my mouth with my own
tongue coming along for the ride. The taste was incredible. He had the sweetest
cum I'd ever tasted. He sucked in a little air and then let me suck his finger
for a few seconds. I let his finger out of my mouth and then swallowed hard. He
grinned at me, then turned around and went back to Jake and sat down. Jake was
watching my every move, watching me beat my cock and smiling, then just
watching my face. I saw Sean lean closer to Jake and I stood transfixed as he
flicked his tongue out and ran it up the side of Jake's face, gathering a nice
load of cum on it. Then he put his finger under Jake's chin, turned his face
and kissed him; feeding Jake his tongue with the load of cum on it. That did
it.
"Arrrrggggg
FUCK!!! Here it comes!! Oh, fuck me!!!" I squeezed my cock hard, then just let
go of it and the first volley flew out. "Oh Fuck!" It shot out and landed on
Jake's crotch, splattering all over his balls. They both started laughing; I
was trying really hard not to because I was kind of busy, and then another
volley shot out. It arced out and hit Jake's thigh. I squeezed my cock hard
again then let go as the next one was on its way up. "Fuck...!" I pointed this
one towards Sean and it shot out and landed on his thigh. He looked up at me
and gave me another sexy smile. I started beating my cock again and two more
oozed out and landed at their feet, onto the carpeting. I was panting and
trying to catch my breath. I looked over at them and grinned. They laughed and
then smiled at me.
I
took a couple of deep breaths and then looked at Jake. "Sorry `bout the balls,
baby, didn't expect that." We all laughed.
When
we were calmed back down I looked at Jake, his cum covered body and slashes of
cum all over his face, then down at his still rock hard cock. I licked my lips.
I walked over and sat on Jake's other side. He was now sandwiched between Sean
and me, and seemed pretty happy about it. I looked over at Sean and gave him a
sexy smile of my own.
"Sean,
we have to give our boy some relief, don't ya think?"
He
grinned. "Oh fuck yeah. We can't leave him hangin' like this, covered in jizz."
He
looked at Jake and grinned. I reached my hand down to Jake's cock, then slipped
my fingers over his balls and swiped up some of my own cum and coated Jake's
cock with it. I started stroking his cock for him, constantly varying the speed
and pressure, occasionally twisting my hand around. He and Sean were just
watching me work, big grins on both their faces. I jacked his cock this way for
about five or six minutes. I knew he was starting to get close; his balls were
pulling up again. I looked up and Sean was sucking on Jake's right nipple. I
smiled at Jake and he smiled back at me. I motioned at him that I'd let go and
let Sean take over if he wanted. He smiled big and nodded. I smiled big back at
him.
I
let go of Jake's cock and reached up and grabbed Sean's right hand from Jake's
stomach and pulled it down and wrapped his fingers around Jake's dick. He
pulled his mouth off the nipple, looked at me and grinned.
"Your
turn; my hand's getting tired."
He
smiled his sexy smile again and then let go of Jake's cock, reached up to his
face and scooped up some cum and came back down and wrapped his hand around
Jake's dick using his cum as more lube. Jake and I both moaned. He started
slowly fisting Jake's cock, coming all the way up to the head, and just like
me, watched the foreskin pull over the head. He seemed as mesmerized by it as I
am. Must just be guys with cut cocks that find this so fascinating? He then ran
his fist back down to Jake's balls, stayed there a second then ran it back up,
watching the foreskin again. I was watching it too; I loved how it moved. He
did this five or six more times before getting down to business. He first ran
his open hand up the shaft, coming over the top and then moving in circles a
couple of times. Jake groaned loudly and Sean and I both smiled. Then he continued
over the top and down the back side with his open hand. Once he reached Jake's
pubes he took Jake's cock back in his fist and began pumping it in smooth
steady strokes. Jake started moaning again. I began slowly and very lightly
running my fingers down Jake's left leg, coming up under his balls, tickling
them for a second and then doing it all over again. Jake was panting.
"Oh
fuck, that's fucking awesome! Oh God... that feels so good."
"Good;
just relax and enjoy the ride, brother." Jake moaned again.
I
leaned up and forward and gave Jake a wet, sloppy kiss. He moaned into my mouth
and searched my tongue out with his. We tongue wrestled while Sean stroked his
cock. I pulled back from the kiss after about a minute and licked up the side
of his face catching Sean's jizz on my tongue. It was cold by now, but still
tasted just as sweet. I kept it on my tongue and fed it to Jake. He sucked
greedily on my tongue as I slipped it into his mouth. I broke the kiss and
licked up the side of Jake's face again, getting some more cum on my tongue. I
then pulled back and turned towards Sean. Sean grinned at me and met me
half-way and I fed him his own cum back into his mouth, with him sucking it off
my tongue. Jake groaned really loud.
"Oh
Fuck... That is fucking hot. Goddamn... Now I know why it made you cum; holy shit...
Oh fuck, do it again, PLEASE..."
I
pulled off Sean's mouth and went back to Jake and licked around his neck and
all over his chin, getting a nice big load. I stopped and showed the load to
Jake and brought it back over to Sean and he met my mouth hungrily. He sucked
my tongue in and then started making out with me. That was what Jake had
needed. He screamed out. Sean and I broke our kiss and watched the show.
"Holy
fuck!! Here it is!! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck... Oh God, here it fucking cums!
Arrrrgggg!!!!" The first volley was epic Jake; it launched out of his cock and
sailed right over his head on to the bed.
"FUCKIN
A, DUDE!!!" Sean started milking Jake's cock for more.
Jake
screamed again. "Arrrrgggghhhhh! FUCK!" The second volley launched out and
arced beautifully through the air and landed on Jake's head with a splat. I
grabbed Jake's balls and started milking them while Sean milked his cock. Jake
grunted and screamed again.
"Holy
Fuck!!! Ahhhhh...!" The next one shot out of his dick with as much force as the
first one and landed right in his mouth. He'd seen it coming and opened his
mouth as wide as he could. When the entire stream was in his mouth he closed it
and swallowed hard.
"Fuck
yeah, baby; that was fucking hot!!"
Sean
agreed with me. "Oh fuck, you sexy little motherfucker!! Swallow that fuckin'
load, boy!! Fuck!!"
The
next one shot out and landed right on his stomach. Sean and I went back to work
to milk out some more. We were enjoying the show. Jake moaned really loud and
screamed again.
"Oh
fuck guys, have some mercy!! FUCK!!"
The
next one launched out and landed pretty close to the previous one, with a
smaller splat, on Jake's tummy, right on his treasure trail. He started panting
and whimpering.
"Oh
please... oh please, oh God, oh God... Please guys... I can`t take anymore... Please
baby, please. Oh God..."
The
next one just shot out on to the bottom of Jake's trail and ran into his pubes.
I let go of his balls but Sean was still enjoying watching his foreskin move up
and down so he was lightly stroking Jake's cock to make it happen. Jake was
just about beside himself; moaning and panting; whimpering and pleading with
Sean to stop.
"Oh
God... Oh God... Sean, please, I'll do anything, just please... Oh God, please... Sean,
I'm fuckin' beggin'... Oh God... please, baby, please stop... Oh my God, Sean..."
One
last small load oozed out of Jake's cock and slid down, dripping onto Sean's
fingers, and then running down over Jake's incredibly tight balls, and down to
his ass. Sean finally took pity on poor Jake and let go of his cock, then
brought his hand up to his face and licked some of Jake's cum off. He smacked
his lips and smiled. He reached his hand over and offered me some. I licked it
off his hand and then smacked my lips and smiled. Poor Jake was under us,
panting and trying to catch his breath, still whimpering.
"Oh
God... Oh God... Oh fuck... That was so fucking intense." He had a slight catch in
his voice like he was on the verge of crying. Sean noticed too.
You
OK, baby? I'm sorry, Jakey, I'm sorry. I should've let go when you asked. You
OK, baby?"
Pant,
pant, pant, sigh... "Yeah, I'm OK. I'm OK. It was just so fucking intense; I
didn't know what to do, what to say, what to do..."
I
started rubbing his tummy in slow circles. Sean reached up and ran his finger
up and down his face, talking softly to him.
"It's
OK, Jakey. You'll be OK. Mike and I are right here with you. Just relax and
come back down... You were fucking awesome, dude; that was fucking epic as fuck!
Damn boy, you sure know how to bust a nut!! I'm proud of you!"
Jake
was pulling himself together and coming off his rush, still panting a little,
but had regained his normal breathing pattern. I was still running my fingers
around his stomach and just letting him be quiet and get himself together. Sean
had stopped rubbing his face, but was resting his hand on Jake's arm, rubbing
lightly and smoothly; helping him to relax. After about two minutes Jake was
back to his old self and leaning back with a huge grin on his face. I looked
over at him and winked. He smirked.
"Must
be feeling better, huh baby? I love you." I smiled at him again.
"Yeah,
feelin' good, Michael. I love you too, baby. Oh man..."
I
turned around and sat down next to Jake, Sean did the same and we all just sat
there enjoying our high. We sat quietly for a few minutes, lost in our own
thoughts.  I was the first to speak; I couldn't let this pass.
"So
Sean... What was that about us not being able to make you moan and plead to God?
"Shut
up, Michael... I said no such thing..." Jake laughed out loud.
"Oh
don't even try it!" Jake retorted when he quit laughing. I just sat and
listened to them, grinning.
Sean
sat quietly for a moment before speaking. "OK... I'll admit it. That was THE most
intense thing I've ever experienced in the twenty-three years I've been alive.
I think I might just go gay. Fuck, I had no idea sex could be that fun or that
intense. You guys blew my mind."
Jake
was first. "So we're good, huh? You can tell us; we already know anyway."
We
all chuckled but then Sean kind of blew me away again, "Jake, you and Mike are
the best there is. I would give every dime I have to experience that again. I mean
fuck, dude, think how hard you came and how intense it was; do you guys do this
all the time? I'm fuckin' jealous as fuck if you do."
I
piped up. "No Sean..., not all the time, but yeah, we've had some incredible
fucking nights in the last five days. I can safely say more like that than not.
See what you've been missing chasin' pussy all these years?"
"No
shit! Damn! I've been with a lot of girls but none of `em has ever known how to
do ANY of that shit. Fuck, I'm still freaked you licked my ass; that just
fucking totally blew my mind. But fuck it felt sooooo good. Where the fuck did
you learn how to do that?"
"Same
place you learned how to eat pussy. I just dove in one time and had at it.
Discovered I loved the fuck out of it and just tried to do the best I could.
That is probably my favorite thing to do; I love it as much as you love eatin'
pussy."
"I
could tell. Fuck. I can kinda see how it's just like eatin' pussy, just no clit
to work on. Same mouth and tongue motions though. Just having your face buried
in an ass seems a little too wild for me to try. Well, Mike, you'd be a master
pussy eater if you ever jumped the fence; I'm tellin' ya."
"Thanks.
I'm glad you liked it. I know Jake here seems to enjoy the fuck out of it."
"Oh
fuck yeah, I love it! The first time you did that to me I thought I was gonna
pass out; I never expected my ass to send feelings like that through my body.
But then, everything we've ever done has sent fuckin' incredible feelings
through my body."
"Testify,
dude!!" We all laughed. "You ain't shitin', brother. My body felt things it's
never felt before; the whole fuckin' time!"
"Well,
Sean, I have to admit you shocked the fuck out of me several times. I never
expected you to get so into it."
"Believe
me, Mike, I never expected to either. It just started feeling so good and so
intense I decided fuck it, just roll with it and enjoy it."
Jake
chimed in. "Fuck, I guess you did. You freaked me the fuck out a couple of
times, but it was just so fuckin' hot I just quit thinkin' about it."
"I
freaked myself out a few times, but fuck it, it was hot and it was fun. I'm not
gonna worry about it."
"Just
how are you doing with all of this, Sean?" I asked. "I mean I know it's still a
little early, but how're you doing with this emotionally?" I was genuinely
concerned about him.
He
thought for a few seconds before answering me. "I'm actually doing a lot better
than I thought I ever would in the same situation. I don't know if it's because
I haven't let it get in my head or if it's just `cause I don't care if it's in
there. I just had the best night of my life, and that's really all I'm thinkin'
about. So I kissed a guy, throat fucked my best friend and ate his cum. I don't
really care right now. It doesn't gross me out; I'm not worried about it. So I
guess I'm doing OK."
"If
you ever do start freaking out about it, you have to come and talk to one of
us; or both of us. We care about you more than you know, and we don't want you
in any kind of pain, including fucked head syndrome. Promise us you'll talk to
us about it if it starts fuckin' with you. Please, Sean, this is serious."
"I
will, I promise. Who else would I talk to about it anyway; it has to be you
guys. I love you guys too, so I'm good with this. It sure the fuck ain't a bad
thing, is it?"
"No,
it's not a bad thing at all; but it has changed some things about you that have
been there your whole life; sometimes it fucks with people."
"I
understand what you're sayin. I'm just not feeling bad about anything right now.
I liked and enjoyed everything we did; what's to feel bad about? Fuck, maybe
I'm bi and just didn't know it until tonight. I mean, I know I'll never give up
girls and pussy, but who's to say I can't have both? I didn't do anything with
you guys that I didn't like the fuck out of... But I do promise that if it starts
fuckin' with my head I'll talk to you guys about it."
"Good.
That's all I'm asking from you. And hell, you could be right; there are a lot
of people out there enjoying the best of both worlds. OK, enough serious talk;
I'm sticky, Jake you look like a glazed doughnut (we all giggled) and Sean my
arms were under your pits so I know this; your sweatin' like a pig. Let's go
hit the shower and then go get something to eat. I think we burned off every
calorie we had at lunch."
Sean
and Jake answered together. "Fuck yeah!"
Jake
smirked. "I think I could really use a shower right now; all this cum is
starting to dry. But, guys, I wouldn't trade it for a million dollars. That
whole thing was the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life. Thank you both."
He
smiled at both of us, turning his head back and forth then grabbed our knees
and pulled himself up. Sean and I both reached back and slapped his ass. He
yelped and we laughed.
"Good
game, dude!" Sean told him and I busted up.
I
drug my ass up while Sean did the same and we all headed for the shower. We
decided we'd all fit in there, and fuck we'd just come all over each other, why
not shower together. We played a little grab ass, but nothing serious and
actually finished, all three of us squeaky clean, in less than thirty minutes.
We were all standing naked in the bedroom, them trying to remember where their
clothes were. I'm the only one that had underwear and pants in this room. I
laughed and pointed to the door.
"Remember?
Out there somewhere."
They
both had an `oh yeah' moment and headed out to get dressed. We were done in no
time and headed out the door to go eat. We decided to just walk. Sean knew a
place he'd like to go and Jake and I just followed along. It turned out to be
another beer garden, of course, knowing Sean, and we had a great dinner and
laughed our asses off and talked for another two and half hours. It was almost
eleven by the time we got out of there. We all headed back to the hotel and got
back in the room. I was standing behind Jake, holding him in my arms, nuzzling
his neck, and I looked over at Sean. He had a nice smile on his face.
"This
sounds so gay, but you two look really good together; happy. It looks nice."
We
both blushed. "Thanks, Sean." I said. "We feel really good together too."
"Yeah,
thanks, brother; that means a lot to me to hear you say it."
"Well,
it's true."
"I'm
just throwing this out for reference, no hurry at all. Do you want us to run
you out to the base tonight, or do you wanna just crash here? I told you once
already, you're always welcome in our home; even if it's just a hotel." I
smiled at him.
He
smiled back at me then paused, thinking hard about something. After a few
moments he spoke. "This will probably freak you guys out again, but I would
like to just crash here; but I would like to spend the night with you guys; in
your bed. I don't even really know why, but seeing you two holding each other,
it just made me not want to be alone tonight; to be held, if that's OK with you
guys." He flushed crimson after he got it out.
Jake
spoke first. "Sean, one of the house rules around here is you never have to ask
for a hug or to be held."
I
joined in, "He's right, Sean. That's rule number two; we already went over number
one." He smiled and turned pink. "But yeah, you never have to ask to be held.
Hugs and love around here are always free. You are more than welcome to share
our bed with us."
He
looked a little choked up, but just grinned. "Thanks guys. I needed that."
"Anytime,
Sean. Besides, we need someone to sleep on the bed where Jake shot his first
load." They both laughed out loud.
"Well
fuck, I already ate some of it I might as well sleep in it too. Seriously
though, thanks guys. I love you both."
Jake
smiled. "We love you too, brother. And you're right, you ate it, you can sleep
with it."
We
all laughed again. The three of us flopped down on the couch, Jake and I making
sure Sean was in the middle and with our arms around him, sat and bullshitted
for another hour and a half before we deiced it was bedtime. When we were all
back in the bedroom we started getting a little shy for some reason. Jake
snapped us out of it.
"Last
one in bed has to lick my ass."
They
both laughed and dived into bed, Sean in the center. I just stood there looking
at them. Numerous things were running through my head, some good, some really
bad, but still enjoying the view. They both got quiet and just looked at me.
"What?"
"Why
are you just standing there, zonin' out?"
"I
wanted to be the last one in bed, baby. You said something about licking your
hole if I got to be last in bed."
They
both busted up laughing, but after a few seconds Sean threw the covers back
next to him.
"Get
your ass over here. You don't wanna be lickin that boy's ass right now; I heard
him fart earlier." We all laughed again, but Jake had to defend himself.
"Hey!
Thanks a lot; I was gonna get my ass licked and you opened your big mouth." He
was grinning from ear to ear.
I
shook my head, smiled at them and climbed into bed next to Sean. I turned on my
side, Jake doing the same and we both just threw our arms over him and held on
tight. He ate it up, just sighing and wiggling his head deeper into the pillow.
Jake and I smiled at each other over his chest, and then kissed him on the
cheek. I reached behind me, turned off the lamp and then cuddled up next to
Sean, nuzzling his neck like I always do with Jake and exhaled.
"I
love you, Jacob. Sweet dreams, baby."
"I
love you too, Mikey. Sleep well."
Jake
and I both giggled. "We love you, Sean. Sweet dreams!"
"I
love you guys too. Now go to sleep. Jeez."
We
all kind of sighed and soon the two Marines fell asleep. I looked over them
both at the clock. 12:39 a.m. It'd been a long, strange, freaky, sexual, scary
good day. I closed my eyes, snuggled in closer to Sean and let my mind wander.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 9 (Chapter 10)

Chapter
9: Weekend Liberty
We'd
spent a quiet Thursday evening together at the hotel, making use of room
service again. We talked and talked about the new house, furnishing it in our heads,
and talking about all the new adventures in store for us. We went to bed a
little after ten since Friday would be another early day for Jake. We didn't
even have sex; I think we were both too wired about the new house. I woke up
Friday morning the exact same way as the previous mornings since Jake and I had
been sleeping together; him on my chest, snoring softly. I was lying there
listening to him and started to think about what the Major had told me. `Bring
me back a happy fuckin' Marine.' I smiled at the thought, and over the next
hour did everything in my power to make it happen. I gave Jake a wet, sloppy
blowjob to wake him up and then my cock made love to his ass while we were in
the shower. He seemed pretty fuckin' happy to me when I dropped him off at the
gate at eight o'clock.
I
spent the morning going over all the documents I'd signed at the attorney's
office, and also the legalese on the offer for the house.  There were a
couple of points I needed clarification on, but a quick call to the agent and
my questions had been answered. At 11:05 a.m. my cell phone rang. My old one,
so I figured it was someone from the States. The caller ID didn't work while I
was overseas so I just answered it. It turned out to be my business partner
back home. We talked for about fifteen minutes; I told him about Jake and that
I wasn't coming home. He wasn't real happy about that part but said he
understood, and that he would talk to me on Monday. I pushed the `End' button
to hang up and I noticed the battery on my phone was down to one bar so I
plugged the phone in to charge. As I was turning around my new phone rang. I
know who this is. I smiled.
"Hey
sailor, wanna have good time; only five dolla."
He
started laughing his ass off and choking. "Fucker, I'd just stuck something in
my mouth and now it's all over my desk!"
"Well,
tell Kevin not to put his dick in your mouth when you're on the phone; it's not
nice; makes you hard to understand." I started laughing.
"Shut
the fuck up, dude! Jeez!" I could hear Kevin rolling on the floor laughing in
the background.
"Tell
Kevin to take a pill; he sounds like he's about to have a stroke." I was still
laughing.
"Hey
Kev! Mike says to take a fucking pill before you stroke out, dude! Fuck, I'd
really like to start this call over; I forgot why I was even calling."
"OK.
Bye." I hung up. Then I started laughing my ass off. Not ten seconds later my
phone was ringing again.
Still
laughing. "Hello"
"You
fuckin' smart ass!! I wasn't serious; I just needed time to think. Jeez, can't
get any respect from anyone around here and now my own boyfriend's fuckin' with
me." I could still hear Kevin laughing in the background.
"I'm
sorry, baby; I couldn't resist. It is really nice to hear your voice though."
"That's
better! Fuck! Hard to believe I'm the youngest one outta the three of us...."
"Age
is a state of mind, baby."
"True
that. OK. OK." Breath "OK, now I remember why I called; even though I'm
starting to regret it." I let a laugh slip out. "What are our plans for the
weekend?"
Uh
oh, I wasn't sure I liked where this was heading. "Why, are you going out
training?"
"No!
No, not that. I was wondering if we could take Sean and Kevin to see the house;
if it'd be okay with you."
Sigh
of relief from me. "Fuck yeah, baby! Of course! Fuck, I thought you were
telling me you'd be gone training for the weekend. Hell yeah though, we'll take
`em out to see the house then go grab some lunch or something and hang out."
"Fuckin
A! That sounds good. Thank you."
"Don't
thank me for stuff like that, baby; it sounds like fun. What day and time does
everyone want to get together?"
"Well
we hadn't thought that far ahead yet. I've been telling them about the house
and they asked me when they'd get to see it. Hold on a sec. I'll find out. Hey
Kev, you wanna go tomorrow or Sunday to look at the new place?" Ten second
pause. "He said tomorrow would be good, any time; he has to go with his
girlfriend somewhere on Sunday."
"OK,
what about Sean?"
"Hold
on another sec and I'll call him out at the gate." I could hear him pick up his
office phone and dial a number, then, "Hey fuck stick, what day and time do you
wanna go see the new house? Yeah, of course he did. No, Kev says he can only go
on Saturday; his girl has his dick in a knot on Sunday. Mike also wants to go
out to lunch or dinner or something after and then hang out for a while. Sure.
OK dude, I'll tell him. Later fuck stick. Mike? Sean says Saturday'd be cool
with him; he has no plans for the whole weekend. He also said to say thanks."
I'm
chuckling. "OK, Saturday it is. Let's say at 1100 Hours?"
"Kev?
1100 Hours good for you? OK. Yeah Mike, 1100 is good for them. Why were you
laughing?"
"Listening
to one side of a phone call, and the way you guys talk to each other is funny.
Eleven it is. Tell `em we'll meet `em at the gate, or if they're gonna be in
town already just have them come to the hotel and we'll leave from here."
"They'll
probably be in town, so I'll just have them come to the hotel. And why is the
way we talk to each other funny?"
"Fuck
stick this, fuck stick that. Dude! Makes me really curious how someone get's
the nick name `fuck stick'."
"Only
because you're a perv; it's just a name. So how's your day been?"
"Great,
now that I'm talking to you. How about yours?
"Busy
as hell. Kevin decided he'd leave all the work here for me from yesterday;
jealous about me getting a 24-hour." I heard `Hey fucker, that's not true!' in
the background.
"A
lot of cussing around that place; hard to believe you guys are in an office."
"Hey,
it's the Marines, not some pansy ass insurance company. So what're your plans
for me tonight? Rerun of Wednesday night; please..."
"We'll
see, sex hound. I'm still in recovery."
"I
told you I'd be your physical therapist. Just let me work out the kinks."
"Yeah,
I know what kink you wanna work out. We'll see. I'm sure you'll be able to
convince me somehow though."
"Marines
never leave a hill, baby." In the background, `Ewwww gross! I didn't need to
hear that, dude!' Jake and I both started laughing.
"Tell
Kevin to quit listening and he won't have to hear things like that."
"Hey
Kev, Mike said if you weren't listening you wouldn't hear shit like that. Quit
bogardin' our conversation, dude. So Mikey, you gonna be here at 1700?"
"Ain't
I always?"
"Yes
you are, thank God. I gotta get back to work, babe; I will see you tonight. I
love you."
"I
love you too, baby. Don't work too hard. See you at five. Bye baby."
I
ended the call and sat my phone down, shaking my head. One of my crazier phone
calls. Then I thought of something, picked up the phone and called him back. He
answered on the first ring.
"Damn,
you really do miss me, huh?"
"I
really do. I also wanted to give you a quick reminder that you might want to
bring more than one change of clothes; it is a weekend."
"Oh
yeah! Thanks! Damn, you're good."
"Don't
you know it?"
"Yes
I do! Thanks for reminding me, Mikey; I would've probably walked outta here
with the clothes that are still in the backpack. I really don't have many
civvies here with me anyway."
"We'll
change that this weekend. I really love seeing you in uniform, but if you need
clothes, we'll get clothes. And before you even start, don't go there about
money."
"You
like seeing me
out
of uniform too."
"I
do. I also love taking it off of you. But we'll save that for later; wouldn't
want to make Kevin throw up." Jake laughed.
"And
for your information I wasn't going to say a word about money. I was just going
to say you don't have to do that, but I won't bother with that either."
"You're
learning."
"Yeah
yeah, whatever... OK, we can go clothes shopping, but I won't be modeling
anything kinky for you."
"At
least until we get back to the room, huh?"
"Pretty
much... I gotta go, baby; Kevin's waving at me telling me its lunch time; he must
be hungry. I'll see you tonight. Love you."
"Love
you. Bye."
I
hung the phone up and decided Kevin was right. I picked up the room phone and
had room service send me a hot pastrami sandwich and some potato salad. After
lunch I sat on the couch staring at our bar. We might have to move this stupid
thing with us; it seems to be our thinking post. I picked up my laptop and went
to Apple's website trying to find the PDF file for directions on how to use my
new phone. I found it, opened it and started reading. Talk about fun reading
material. After about ten minutes I was getting sleepy. I set the laptop down
and laid back and closed my eyes. A nap might be a good idea anyway; I have a
sexy, horny Marine coming home for the weekend. I did pass out for about an
hour and a half.
When
I woke up from my nap I took the elevator down to the lobby. I'm not good at
having nothing to do; I don't remember a time in the last twenty years that I
wasn't always busy. I walked over to the front desk to see if they had a
newspaper I could steal or buy from them. The lady manning the desk gave me her
copy of the paper. When I turned around I ran into the young lady that had been
on the elevator when Jake was having his melt-down.
"Hello.
You're an American, yes?"
"Yes
I am." I replied.
"Good,
someone who speaks fluent English." We both chuckled. "I'm British, and I find
myself missing hearing the language. I see that your young Marine has been
feeling better lately; that's good. I was actually kind of worried about him;
he seemed so distraught. Had he had bad news from home or lose a mate?"
"Nothing
quite so dramatic; he was just having a very bad day and let himself go. Thank
you for your concern though; that's sweet of you."
"Not
at all. There's nothing wrong with just getting it all out of your system once
in a while; cleanses the soul. You two look very good together; how long have
you been partners?"
"Thank
you. I have noticed he makes me walk a little taller; especially when he's in
uniform. You probably wouldn't believe me if I told you when we met."
"You've
no reason to lie to me, do you?"
"Well
no. We met on the train coming down here from Berlin this last Sunday."
"Indeed.
I like that; it's incredibly romantic. Like an old movie where star crossed
lovers meet on the train."
"It
was pretty romantic actually. We've been practically inseparable since."
"Yet
here's the dashing businessman down in the lobby of the hotel by himself,
scourging for a newspaper."
I
smiled. I liked this lady. "Well I confess, I would much rather be with him
than my newspaper, but he's on duty until five."
"Pity,
to leave you all alone for the day; I guess duty calls."
"Indeed.
Are you in Sindelfingen on business or pleasure?"
"Business;
I'll be returning to London tomorrow. I couldn't get a flight out of Stuttgart
before then."
"Significant
other and family in London?"
"Yes
to both." She smiled. "How astute of you; most people don't guess."
"Well
in America they say we are a family; I can only assume that is true in Europe as
well. One can always tell when they are speaking to family."
"I
like that. About family. Tell me, Mr...?"
"Michael
Adler. And you?"
"Sarah
Richardson. A pleasure, Mr. Adler."
"Mine
as well; and Michael, please."
"Sarah.
Tell me, Michael, would you be interested in having a tea or coffee with a
married gal? I cannot guarantee I'll be more interesting than that newspaper,
but I will try."
"I
would be honored. I can assure you that I already find you far more interesting
than this newspaper. Shall we?"
I
tucked the paper under my left arm, held out my right arm for her and escorted
her to the hotel restaurant. We had not-bad hotel coffee and a wonderful
conversation. The rest of the afternoon flew by and before long it was time to
go pick up Jake. I got to the base at 1653 and pulled up to the gate. Sean was
bent over picking something up off the ground. Damn, another incredible Marine
ass. I'm married, not dead; I can still look. When he stood up and turned
around I was sitting at the gate. I had a huge smile on my face and was giving
him a thumbs-up. He smiled and turned beat red. He walked up to my window
looking down at me, still red and smiling.
"I
gotta tell ya, Sean, if I didn't love our boy so much, that might've done it
for me."
He
turned crimson. "Oh man... Don't say shit like that; you'll give me a complex or
something'." He was still smiling, but the red was slowly fading.
"Don't
be embarrassed, Sean. Actually, I owe you an apology. That was a rude thing for
me to say. I'm sorry, Sean."
"Well
don't say that either; you'll really give me a complex." He smiled at me.
"No,
it was rude of me to say that. One, I'm as good as married to Jake. Two, you're
straight and three, we just met and that was out of line. I apologize, Sean."
"You're
killin' me here." Five second pause. "Fine, Mike. Apology accepted; even though
you didn't owe me one."
"Thank
you. How's your day been so far?"
"Long.
Fridays suck around here; everyone's bailing all at the same time trying to get
out of here. How `bout yours?"
"Probably
just as long. I'll go and park; you have a customer pulling up wanting out of
here." Sean spun around to look, and then turned back to me.
"No,
stay and talk to me. I have help on the outbound now; Derrick can get them. I
wanted to tell you thank you for inviting Kev and me to see the house tomorrow.
Jake's been acting like a kid in a candy store all day telling us about it.
It's funny to watch him. I've known him for two years, Mike, and this is the
first time I've ever seen him truly happy. Thank you."
"I
don't know if I deserve the credit. I guess if I've made him one tenth as happy
as he makes me, then maybe. I know it's probably a little weird for you, the
whole gay guy thing, but I love that man more than I've ever loved anyone in my
life."
"I
can tell; I see it when you look at him. And the whole `gay guy thing' doesn't
bother me at all, so quit worrying about it. You can even whistle at my ass if
the mood hits you." I laughed and he turned a little pink and smiled.
"Thank
you, Sean. It's definitely one worth whistling at. You got a girlfriend here in
Germany?"
"Not
at the moment. I was kinda playin' the field, but I think I played it out; too
many GI's, not enough women. I thought about tellin' these dumb motherfuckers
around here they should be glad Jakey's gay; one less to compete with."
I
laughed at his comment. "Yeah, I bet the competition is killer; but damn dude,
you shouldn't have any problems at all finding a girl. I wasn't joking when I
nicknamed you `blond hottie'."
He
blushed again. "Thanks, but I guess my looks and my country boy charm don't
ring their bell. Maybe they just like tryin' different `ringers' all the time;
the ho's!" We both laughed.
"Well,
do you have a girl back home?"
"Kinda,
I guess. We were goin' out before I joined the Corps but really haven't written
or talked as much as we should. Hell, maybe she's out fuckin' the football team
for all I know."
"That's
positive thinking." He laughed. "It doesn't sound to me like you really miss
her all that much; maybe it wasn't meant to be."
"Honestly,
I really don't. She's kind of a bubble head; but good in the sack, and one of
the few girls I've been with who knew how to suck a cock." He grinned down at
me.
I
laughed. "Well I have heard that was hard to come by; girls good at giving
head. I've always thought we should have seminars to teach `em how to do it.
Make you straight boys a lot happier."
He
laughed out loud. "Fuck yeah, dude! Do it! That can be a new business venture
for you. You guys are much better at it. You just can't teach the class
yourself; Jake would cut your balls off. But fuck yeah; teach them what men
want in a blow job."
I
laughed then looked at him with a slight grin. "Something you wanna share?"
He
turned red again. "I don't know; do I? Yeah, OK, I already told Kevin and Jake,
but yeah I've let a couple of dudes go down on my cock. And yeah, it was the
best fucking blow jobs I've ever had. Just don't print that in any papers or
nothin'."
"I'd
never betray your confidence, Sean. Glad to know you enjoyed the blow job; we
aim to please. Maybe that's the difference. We love doing it; most women look
at it like it's a growth that needs to be cut off." He started laughing again.
"Ain't
that the fuckin' truth. Good one!"
"So
Sean, I told Jake that after we check out the house I'll take you guys out to
lunch, then we can just hang; or if you guys want to hang with Jake, then go
for it. I told Jake a couple days ago that I want him to spend time with you
and Kevin; and whoever else. I also want you to know that you are welcome in
our home anytime. I mean that; no bullshit. You're his friend, and he needs to
have you around." I'd sort of eased into slipping Kevin out a little bit; I
knew Jake and Sean were closer.
"Thanks
man! That's fuckin' awesome; I'd like that. But yeah, dude, we want you there
too; fuck, don't ease your way out of the picture. And thanks for the invite to
your house; I appreciate it. He's my best friend and I don't want to lose him."
"I
know, Sean. You're his best friend too. I would never dream of coming between
you guys. Our home is your home; always."
He
got a little quiet. "Thanks Mike. That means a hellva lot to me. I'm startin'
to see why our boy loves you so much; you have a big heart."
"You're
welcome, Sean. And thank you." A car pulled in behind me and honked.
"Fuck!
Back to work. You know the drill, Mike; I'll talk to you later. Our boy will be
out shortly."
"Thanks
Sean."
I
put the car in gear and went and parked in `my' space. Sean and I had been
talking so long that I only had to wait a couple of minutes for Jake to come
walking up to the gate. He smiled at me, then he and Sean talked for a minute.
Sean pulled Jake's head against his; a bro hug I guess, and released him. They were
smiling at each other, then bumped knuckles (must be another bro hug kind of
thing) and Jake headed towards the car. He opened the back door and chucked his
backpack in, then got in the front, smiling at me.
"Hi
ya sexy!"
"Hi
yourself, Marine. Have a good day at work, dear?"
He
laughed. "Yes, I did actually. How was your day watchin soaps and eatin' bon
bon's?"
"Every
bit as good as yesterday. On the Young and the Restless I found out that Drake
is really Emily's half-brother, and..."
Jake
was laughing his ass off.
"Not
buyin' it huh?"
"No
Mikey, I really can't picture you watching a soap."
"Me
either. Ready to blaze?"
"Yeah,
let's see what this big ass boat's got." He gave me an evil grin.
"Be
careful what you ask for..."
"Oooo,
I'm scared." He leered at me.
I
started the car and pulled out of my space, then swung around the guard shack,
both Jake and I giving Sean our usual half-salute. When I got to the road I
checked out the traffic situation. Right was far clearer ahead so I turned
right and just nailed it. Within about fifteen seconds and two 6,000 rpm
up-shifts we were doing an indicated 200 KPH. Jake was watching the tach and
speedo.
"Fuck
dude! Slow the fuck down!"
He
was grinning from ear to ear. I let off the gas and touched the brakes a couple
of times and we were back down to 90 KPH.
"Goddamn!
I didn't think this big ass fucker was that fast. Holy Christ!"
"Well,
with over 300 horsepower and governed at 155 it's not too much of a slouch. It
was built for the autobahn, Jake."
"I
guess, fuck. OK, I won't say that again. So just how fast is 200 KPH?"
"It's
about a hundred twenty-five."
"Fuck...
Sure didn't take long to get there; that fuckin speedo was climbing like
someone was chasing it."
"The
old girl does pretty well for herself. I'll take you out on the autobahn this
weekend; we'll see what she can do."
"Hell
yeah! That would probably be a lot safer than a two-lane road, too."
"Most
definitely. Let's find a place to turn around and head back to the hotel."
Jake's phone started ringing.  He answered it.
"Hello."
A long pause followed by laughter. "Yeah, well he was trying to show off. I
talked shit about his car and he took it personal." A ten second pause. "I
know; you should've felt it from in here; big ass fucker's like a rocket."
Giggles. Pause. "Speedo read 200 KPH; Mike says that equal to 125 MPH." Pause.
"Tell me about it; my ass was trying to suck the leather up." Another pause
followed by laughter. "Fuck you! Leave my ass outta this conversation." Another
ten second pause. "Yeah, well...I regret it now." A five second pause. "OK,
later, fuck stick; I'll see ya tomorrow." Click.
"Sean
says to tell ya `fuck yeah' and he heard it open up from inside the shack.'"
I
just smiled at him and continued driving like a grandpa back to town. When we passed
the road to the gate I honked and we both waved to Sean. We got back to the
hotel and headed up to our room. I had kind of been looking around for Sarah, I
was going to introduce her to Jake, but I didn't see her. We walked in to the
room and I closed the door. Jake chucked his backpack on the couch then walked
up to me, pulled me into his arms and planted a big, wet, sloppy kiss on me; my
favorite kind from my favorite guy. We stood in the entry way making out for a
few minutes before Jake broke the kiss.
He
grinned at me. "I've been waitin' all day to do that."
"I
could tell; it was...hungry. Thank you."
"You
are welcome. Wanna try another one?"
"You
never have to ask, baby."
We
landed on each other's mouths again and made out for another five or six
minutes. My dick was starting to grow and Jake's had been at full mast since
he'd walked up to me; and he kept pressing his crotch into mine to make sure I
knew it. I grabbed his hips and pushed him back a little, then broke the kiss
and looked into his face, smiling.
"Watch
where you're pointin' that thing; you could hurt someone."
"He
doesn't want to hurt you; he just wants to say `Hi'." Then he leered at me.
I
looked down at Jake's crotch. "Hi!" I looked back at him and grinned.
He
looked down at my crotch. "It looks like he wants to say `Hi' too."
"Well
he can't, he's grounded. He pissed me off so I grounded him."
Jake
started laughing. "What'd he do?"
"He
pissed all over the edge of the toilet bowl."
Jake
laughed again. "Maybe you should've just choked the shit out of him until he
threw up. That's what I do when mine misbehaves." He started laughing again.
"I've
tried that before, but I discovered he liked it too much. So I thought I'd try
the grounding thing. Time-outs didn't work either."
Jake
was still laughing. "You're a goof, you know that?"
"I'm
glad somebody appreciates it. So what do you wanna do now?" I knew as soon as
it left my lips I'd screwed up.
"Fuck!"
I
rolled my eyes and smiled. "How'd I know you'd say that?"
"Why
ask the question if you already knew the answer?"
"It
was too late; it'd already fallen out of my mouth."
He
laughed again. "You need to have that checked out. I don't want things fallin'
outta your mouth after I put `em in there."
I
think I was about to have sex with this hot man standing in front of me because
I didn't know any other way to save myself from this conversation.
"You
know you've won, don't you? I can see it in your eyes."
"Yep.
You know you can't resist me; why do you try?"
"As
an exercise in futility; I've heard its character building."
"Baby,
you are more of a character than any one man can handle. Now stop pretending
you don't want to take this uniform off me and make sweet love to me. You're
just delaying the fun."
"You're
pretty sure of yourself, huh?"
"Sometimes..."
I
pulled his face back to mine for another kiss, while at the same time reaching
for the top button of his shirt. We both had known he'd win; I guess the game
was part of the fun. I was starting to wonder if I'd really survive the weekend
though. Could I keep up with his 20 year old hormones? He was horny and ready
to go at the drop of a hat. I was beginning to be glad I was healthy and in
pretty good shape; it's my balls I was kind of worried about. It'd been a while
since they'd had to ramp up production like this.
I
don't think what we did would qualify as `sweet love' like he'd said; it was
more like monkey sex. It was hard, fast, hungry and fairly quick. When were
done we needed a shower as much for the body fluids as the sweat. He'd also discovered
that he liked stripping me out of a suit as much as I liked stripping him out
of uniform; and he used my tie for things it'd never been used for before. When
we were done with our shower he seemed to be a `happy fuckin' Marine' all over
again. While we were standing naked in the bedroom he asked me if he could get
a pair of my `drawers'. He didn't have any clean ones.
"You
know where they're at, baby; help yourself. Do you need to do some laundry?"
"Yeah,
I haven't done any since I went to Berlin. I haven't really had time. Well, I
haven't had any interest; I was much more interested in you."
"What
all do you have in your backpack?"
"Two
pairs of jeans; one dirty, two t-shirts; one dirty and a pair of socks."
"That's
it?"
"'Fraid
so."
"We're
going clothes shopping in the morning. No arguments."
"OK."
"What
about uniforms? How many clean ones do you have?"
"None."
He smirked. "I'm not good at laundry; I hate it. If I can stand the smell I'll
wear it."
I
looked at him, rolled my eyes and grinned.
"Okie
dokie. Well until we move into the house there's a really great service at the
hotel; laundry. They will pick it up, clean it, iron it and return it all in
the same day. We're going back out to the base before dinner and you're going
to go in and get ALL of your clothes, including uniforms and bring them back
out to the car with you. By tomorrow afternoon you'll have all sparkly clean
clothes without having to lift a lid on a washer."
"Why
would they wash all my clothes?"
I
grinned. "They live to do nothing but wash your clothes, baby. And they will be
washing your clothes for you until we move out of here."
He
smiled. "Really!?"
"Really.
For four hundred bucks a night they'd better. And by laundry day next week they
will have a whole bunch of new clothes to wash for you."
"You're
paying four hundred bucks a fuckin' night; for a bed? Damn!"
"Don't
forget the laundry service. The bed's only twenty bucks, it's the laundry
that's so expensive." I threw him an evil grin.
"Smart
ass!"
"You
seemed to like my ass thirty minutes ago."
"You
make a good point. But seriously, this room is four hundred bucks a night?"
"Why
are you so obsessed with the cost of everything?"
"Because
we never had any money when I was growing up. You throw these huge numbers
around like it's nothing. It's just... different for me."
"Well
stop worrying about money. I grew up poor too; hell we were on food stamps when
I was a little kid, until my mom remarried. Dad had a good job and we moved up a
little; but we still lived pretty much pay check to pay check. I put myself
through college working two jobs at the same time I went to school. After
college, John and I started this business and started making good money at it.
Over the years we've made damn good money at it. I guess I've just gotten used
to having it; used to a better lifestyle. I don't throw these numbers around to
try to impress you, or to scare you. The money just doesn't freak me out the
same way because I have it I guess. And I love buying things for you, so don't
freak out every time I pull out a credit card. OK baby? For me?"
"Credit
cards have to be paid back. It's not like you're just pulling this stuff outta
your ass. I don't want you spending your hard earned money on me."
"Come
with me. Please."
I
took his hand and led him into the living room. I grabbed my laptop and opened
it up. I logged on to my main bank in Colorado and showed him the balance. I
then pulled up my other account in Colorado and showed him the balance on that
one. His eyes were huge, but I soldiered on. I pulled up the account I'd just
opened in Germany and showed him the balance. I went to my account holder page
on that one and added his name to it. He grabbed my hands off the keyboard.
"What
the fuck are you doing?"
"I'm
putting your name on the account; you have full access to it now. I'm gonna
have them send a debit card in your name for it. Spend every dime of it, I
don't care; it's yours if you need it."
"What're
you doin'? Don't do shit like that, Mikey. Why are you doin' this?"
"I'm
doing it because I want to. I'm doing it because you mean more to me than
money. I'm doing it because I love you. I'm doing it because I don't want you
to ever want for anything, ever again. And I'm not doing it to buy you or your
love. I already have both; I don't need to pay for it." I had tears streaming
down my face by the time I got it all out.
He
grabbed my face in his hands and just stared at my eyes, trying to understand
what was happening. I could see love and confusion in his, but didn't know what
he was thinking.
"You
can't do this, baby. I don't want you to do this."
"Why
can't I? It's the means to an end. We have arguments every day about money and
we both end up crying and frustrated. I hate feeling that way. I hate seeing
you hurt; it tears me apart inside. I hate arguing with you, but especially
about something that doesn't mean jack shit if you don't share it with me. What
the fuck is the money good for if I can't share it with you; to buy houses and
cars? Fuck that. I've learned there are more important things to me, and he's
holding my face in his hands and it makes me feel loved and wonderful." I
shuddered an exhale. "Jacob, I love you with all my heart and I flat refuse to
ever have another argument with you about money."
He
sat holding my face, tears streaming down his now too, searching my eyes. To
walk into the room you'd think we'd both lost our minds; sitting there naked,
with a laptop open next to us, staring at each other, crying. I just sat and
waited for him to say something. He stared into my eyes for about two minutes
and it kind of scared me because I didn't know what he was thinking. He finally
spoke.
"I
don't know how to respond to this... I don't know what to say, Michael."
I
finally let out the breath I'd been holding. "I know I never have to ask, but
just this one time. Do you love me?"
No
hesitation whatsoever. "Yes."
"Then
just say, `Well OK then!' and I'll say, `Well fine!' And we'll be done with
this. Please, Jacob."
He
smiled just a little. "Well OK then! Dammit!"
I
got a huge smile on my face. "Well Fine!"
I
stood up and wrapped myself around him; just like he does to me when he's
having a melt-down. It felt great; I knew now why he did it. I just held on to
him, not wanting to ever let go. After a couple of minutes we finally pulled
apart; both of us having trouble breathing due to pressure. I looked at him and
smiled. I grabbed his face in my hands.
"We're
done with this, right?"
"Yes,
we're done with this, Michael."
"You
have no idea how happy that makes me. Just think though, now you really do get
to write the checks for the mortgage." He just smiled at me and rolled his
eyes.
"Oh
boy..." We both laughed.
"Let's
get dressed and get out of this damn room. I need some fresh air and we have things
to do."
"You
got it, sexy man. Wanna watch me put your underwear on?"
I
got a huge grin on my face. "Almost as much as I wanna watch you take `em off
later."
He
smiled and we walked back into the bedroom to get dressed. Just five days and
four roller coaster rides through the bank of hell. I had an interesting future
with him.
When
we pulled up to the gate at the base Sean saw us and got a big grin on his face
and walked up to my window.
"I
knew you'd get sick of him and bring his ass back here!"
"Shut
up, dick weed! He's not bringing me back."
"Actually
Sean, we're just here to pick up his damn clothes; he doesn't do laundry and I
can't take the smell anymore." Sean started laughing and Jake punched me in the
shoulder.
"I
can't let you drive in, Mike, sorry. Until fuck stick over there get's you a
permit you're not allowed on base."
"Not
a problem, Sean. I see my space is empty; he'll just have to hoof it."
"Oh
yeah, I forgot I can get you a permit now. Let me outta here and I'll go get my
fuckin' clothes." He took his seatbelt off, opened the door and got out."
"Hey
chicken dick, how're you gonna carry `em?"
"With
your mouth; it's big enough!" They both laughed. "I can use my duffle bag. Wait
here!" He started jogging away. I just looked up at Sean and shook my head. He
laughed.
"What
can I say, Mike; I didn't raise him?"
I
chuckled at his joke and put the car back in gear. I thought of something.
"Hey
Sean, what is the process for getting a permit? I assume they'll want to run a
check on me too; make sure I'm not a terrorist or anything."
"Yeah,
pretty much. Jake has to start the application, and then you have to come in
and talk to the Major. After that, they'll get all the info on the car, then in
a couple of day's you'll have a permit. It's just getting dick weed to get the
ball rolling."
"OK.
Thanks Sean."
"No
problem, dude."
I
pulled around and parked back in my space waiting for Jake to come back with
his clothes. I spotted him about fifteen minutes later laden down with his Marine
duffle bag. It looked like he hadn't washed anything in a month. I started
laughing and looked over at Sean. He saw me laughing so he looked to see why.
When he spotted Jake he about lost it. He looked back at me and shook his head
again.
Jake
stopped at the gate and I'm sure I can safely assume they were talking shit to
each other. Jake turned toward me, while flipping Sean the bird behind him, and
walked back to the car. He threw his duffle bag in the back seat then jumped in
the front. I just looked at him and shook my head.
"What?"
"Nothing
baby; just didn't expect such a big load."
He
started laughing. "You've told me that before, but you didn't seem to mind."
I
laughed too, while turning a little red. "True that, smart ass!"
"Shut
up. You love my ass. Let's get outta here."
"Yep."
I
put the car back in gear and we left. When we got back into town I asked Jake
if he wanted to drop his clothes off first or eat first."
"Eat
dammit. I'm starvin'!"
"'Nuff
said."
We
found another nice mom and pop place and had a great dinner. We took the
opportunity to learn a little more about each other; especially food likes and
dislikes. He decided I was just weird and we left the restaurant around seven
thirty. When we got back to the hotel we went through his pile of dirty
clothes, which took almost thirty minutes, and I called the front desk to
request a laundry pickup in the morning. Once I had that taken care of we were
sitting on the couch again, staring at that stupid bar, holding hands. I looked
over at him. I couldn't read his face but he seemed content enough. I squeezed
his hand and he looked at me.
"Do
you want to go out and do something? You look kinda bored."
"No,
I'm not bored. I was just sitting here thinking. This is more than I usually do
on Friday night. Kevin is usually with his other half and Sean is usually out
chasin' pussy. Most of the time all I do is sit and watch T.V. or play video
games. Sometimes, if I just can't take it, I'll even do a load of laundry." He
grinned at me on that last one.
"By
the looks of that pile over there you don't get that bored very often. Okay, I
was just wondering. I'm usually still working in the evening so I've kinda
forgotten what people usually do."
"This
is pretty much it, Mikey. But no, I really ain't bored; I was just thinkin'."
"What're
you thinking about; if you don't mind me asking?"
"My
mom, actually. I know that sounds dorky, but I am."
"It's
not dorky at all. To tell you the truth, baby, I was thinking about my mom
earlier today. I was actually getting ready to call her when you called me from
work. I just kinda spaced it out after we hung up."
"Do
you have a good relationship with your mom; is she OK with you being gay?"
"We
have a great relationship. We talk all the time; although we never really talk
too much about me being gay. But then I don't really talk about it that much.
To me, it's not what defines me; it's not really who I am. It's just a part of
me. Most of the time I don't really refer to myself as gay even, but homo or
queer; it's actually more accurate."
"I
can identify with that. I don't spend much time thinking about being gay; it's
just a part of me.
"My
thoughts exactly. I think you should always act like a man. Even if you've got
a dick in your ass, a dick in your mouth and a dick in each hand, just act like
a man. If I wanted someone who acts like a girl I'd date a girl."
Jake
started laughing. "That's a lot of dick, baby. Damn! Four dicks, no waiting!"
We both started laughing. "But yeah, I agree with you completely."
"Damn,
Jake, it's like two minds with but a single thought."
He
smiled at me. "See baby, we belong together."
"Hell
yeah we do."
"So,
now what? And NO! Not sex. I'm not re-loaded yet!" I grinned at him.
"That's
`cause I have all your ammo in me." Evil grin. "I did want to ask you
something; it's just kinda... weird, I guess."
"You
can always ask me anything. What weird thing did you wanna know about me?"
He
giggles. "Well... about that four dicks and no waiting thing. Have you ever done
that? Been with more than one guy?"
I
was wondering if this would be good or bad. "Yeah..."
"Really!?
Fuckin' A! You perv! How many?"
I
started laughing. "A few 3-ways and one 4-way."
He
laughed again then looked at me with sort of awe. "Fuck... Awesome dude!" Then,
with some indignation. "You slut!! And you have the balls to call me a horny
fucker!?"
"You
are a horny fucker; but so I was I when I was twenty. That's when these
happened; when I was in my 20's, in college. I had a lot of lost time to make
up for and I did. There are lots of horny boys in college, and some don't mind
playing with each other."
"Damn,
I should've gone to college instead of the Marines. I don't think any of these
guys are fucking around, and I was always too afraid to find out."
"Baby,
there are guys on your base fuckin' around; you just don't know who they are.
Believe me, you're not the only one there that likes dick."
He
laughed. "I guess not. There's about a thousand guys there; someone's gotta be
suckin' some cock."
"Pretty
much. Statistically it's supposed to be something like one out of ten people
are gay; then they're those that don't mind playing around with a guy once in a
while." He got a big grin on his face; I knew he was thinking of Sean. "Then
they say guys away from home or women for a long time, like military and
prison, it's up to like forty or fifty percent. So yeah, there's some cock
sucking going on around there somewhere."
"Damn
and I didn't figure it out."
"I'm
not sure I'm good with where this is headed." I said, looking right at him.
"Oh...
God baby, no. I `m not saying I wish I was fuckin' around with these guys now;
it's just... you gotta wonder what could've happened; before I met you."
"OK,
I see where you're coming from. I do understand the need, and the curiosity,
baby. I just told you I was a slut when I was your age, so I do understand. I
have to admit, being with two or three guys at the same time was a fucking
rush. I won't lie; I had a good time being a slut."
He
laughed again. "I bet you did; slut. Well, ex-slut." I stuck my tongue out at
him and he gave me an evil grin. "I mean hell yeah, I've thought about being
with a few guys at the same time; I've even checked out a few in the showers
that I thought would be fun. Who hasn't thought about it? I guess it's just a
fantasy that guys have. I know straight guys think about doing two or three
girls at once; believe me I hear about it all the time."
"I
bet you do, being surrounded by a bunch of horny Marines talking about banging
two or three or four girls at the same time. It's a guy thing. The only
difference with big ole homos is we think about doing it with two or three or
four guys. Actually the 3-ways were more fun. When it's a 4-way you just end up
splitting off into pairs, so it doesn't really seem any different once you get
down to the fucking. It's pretty fun at first, getting to play with three dicks
at the same time, but still ends up being one guy, usually."
"You're
making my fucking dick hard talking about this shit, Mikey."
I
gave him an evil grin. "I can't help it if you`re getting mental images of this
shit."
"Well
I am, dammit. We gotta change the conversation or you've gotta do something
about this hard dick."
"I
could flick the head of your dick with my fingers; that might make him go back
to sleep."
"Oh,
fuck no. That would hurt like a motherfucker. You can't hurt him; he loves
you."
"No,
I'd never hurt him; I love him too. I don't want him out of action either. So
what do you think I should do about it; since you think I caused it?"
"You
did cause it! I think you should make him happy."
"And
how would I go about makin' him happy?" I leered at him.
"You
always seem to find a way; he's happiest when he's with you. He loves every
part of you; your mouth, your ass, your hands. Pick one or two; I'll leave the
details up to you." He leered right back at me.
"You're
a cocky little shit, huh?"
"There
ain't nothin' little about me; and you love my cocky. So get to work. Don't
make me start givin' orders."
"In
the words of my one true love, Ooooo I'm so scared!"
"You
might be."
"Haven't
you figured out yet, baby that it turns me the fuck on when you go all `power
ranger' on me?"
He
burst out laughing. "Oh man, that's some funny shit! I can't believe you just
said that!"
"Well
OK that really didn't come out quite the way I'd wanted it to."
"You
think? That was fuckin' hilarious! I got your fuckin' power ranger hangin',
baby!"
I
was laughing as much as he was. "Oh shit... That was funny. Can I do like you and
just start this call over?"
"Yeah,
and I won't hang up on you either."
"I
didn't hang up on you, dammit! I said `bye' first. Jeez. Never mind. Let's try
this again... OK. Haven't you figured out yet that it turns me the fuck on when
you start giving orders and telling me how you like it? There! Is that
better!?"
He
started laughing again. "Hell yeah it's better. But my fuckin' dick went soft
because I was laughing so much. Goddamn! Now you have to start over."
"Works
for me; I love making your dick grow. What the fuck're you waitin' for? Give me
a fucking order, Marine!"
"Fine!
Get on your knees and pull my fucking cock out of my pants! Now!"
And
we were off and runnin'...
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 8 (Chapter 11)

Chapter
8: House Hunting
I
lifted my left arm up and looked at my watch: 6:35 a.m. Well, I tried to sleep
in... I set my arm back down and looked at the fuzzy, brown haired head lying on my
chest. I wasn't sure at what point in the night it happened , but we always
went to sleep with me spooned up behind him, holding him, but we always seem to
wake up with his head on my chest. At the moment I couldn't really think of a
better way to wake up every morning. I'd told him I wasn't a morning person,
and I'm really not, but this time now, these few minutes before he wakes up is
starting to turn me into one. I loved looking down at his head, feeling his
breathing, feeling the pressure of him on my chest...  There are lots of
mornings I'd wake up holding my pillow the exact same way; it was comforting to
know I was Jake's hug pillow.
And
like the mornings preceding this one I reached up and started rubbing the fur
on his head. It always felt so soft and comforting to me. I loved the texture
of his hair, maybe just because it was so short. I had also noticed a small
scar on his head a couple days ago and I was running my finger over it now. I
wonder how he got it. Probably in basic training; I've heard it was basically
thirteen weeks of living hell; especially in the Corps. I went back to running
my fingers around his fuzzy head, listening to him breathe. I noticed a change
in his breathing about six or seven minutes into my hair massage and then his head
moved a little. I just kept working my fingers around. Another minute and he
was starting to come around. He turned his face into my chest and kissed it.
He
didn't move and he didn't look up at me, he just quietly said, "Good morning."
"Good
morning, lover."
He
brought his left arm in a little tighter and just held me. This was bliss; this
was as good as last night.
"Mmmm...
that feels good for some reason. I like having you run your fingers through my
hair."
"Good,
because I'm enjoying doing it and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon." I
just kept right on doing it.
"Be
my guest. I'm not going anywhere."
We
just laid there for about thirty minutes or so, me running my fingers around
his head, then down the side of his face touching his cheek, then back up
again, and him murmuring and kissing my chest occasionally.
"Mmmm,
Michael, this is how I wish I could wake up every morning."
"Baby,
this is how you wake up every morning; just not usually for this long."
"No
it's not. Well, OK, since I've been sleeping with you. But usually I have Sean
or Kevin, or both, banging on my door yelling out, `hey fuck stick, drop your
dick and answer the fuckin' door!'."
"Well,
do you usually have your dick in your hand when they knock? Maybe you should
think about changing your morning routine."
"No...!
I don't have my dick in my hand... And I have changed my morning routine; it's
this."
"That
works great for me; fits right into my plans, I wanna do this every morning for
the rest of my life."
"Good.
I like the way you think."
He
lifted his head off my chest, laid on his back, made an entire performance out
of stretching, then laid up on my side, threw his arm over me and nuzzled up to
my neck. He looked like a bear waking up from hibernation.
"Michael?
Do we have to go anywhere today? I wanna stay just like this all day. I've
never done this before; it's really, really nice."
"No,
baby, we don't have to leave this bed except to piss and eat if you don't want
to. I love doing this too."
I
felt him smile on my neck and then he kissed it, sighed and murmured again.
Yeah, I thought to myself, I could do this all day.
We
just stayed that way and he fell back asleep. I think I dozed off too, because
the next thing I knew I heard a knock on the door. I don't know how long the
knocking had been going on, but then I heard the door open in the outer room
and a female speaking German say, "Maid." Followed shortly after by, "what a
mess." Crap, I thought, I didn't put the "do not disturb" card on the door. I
lifted my head up and called out in German asking her to come back later. The
only problem was she was standing in the doorway of the bedroom by then,
getting an eyeful. Jake took this moment to wake up, lifted his head up, looked
at her, smiled and called out good morning to her. I'm sure I was crimson, but
he didn't seem to mind at all. She started apologizing profusely, backing out
of the room and made for the front door. Jake looked down at me, still smiling.
"She
seemed nice."
I
just looked up at him, like `what the fuck?' and he started giggling.
"She
is nice. She helped me look for your button the other day."
"You
should leave her a nice tip; just look at the mess you left for her to clean
up." Then he started giggling again.
"Shut
up, fuck stick. You contributed to that mess."
He
laughed out loud at me calling him fuck stick. Then he began to defend himself.
"I
did not!! I didn't touch a single piece of clothing last night; that was all
you, ass muncher."
"Yeah,
OK, what about the load of jizz that flew over your head and landed on the
couch? That came from you."
"And
you caused it!" He giggled again and then looked down at me smiling. "Give it
up, dude, you can't win this one; the evidence is all against you."
"Bullshit,
what about the dish "
He
cut me off.
"Yada yada yada.
Case closed, dude! You
lost, move on. You can't sidestep your way outta this. Give it up!" He leered
down at me.
I
thought about it for a minute, deciding he may be right, so I flipped my body
over on to his, pinned him down while sitting on his crotch and just started
tickling the shit out of him. He started squirming, screaming and laughing,
trying to grab my hands; he wasn't having much luck. I discovered his ribs were
really ticklish so I concentrated my efforts there, keeping my hands constantly
moving all over him, trying to stay out of his grasp, but always coming back to
his ribs. He was howling with laughter and then started bucking up into me
trying to throw me off. I only had him by five pounds, so it was a tough ride,
but I stayed on. He finally yelled Uncle claiming he was going to start pissing
if I didn't stop. I sat up straight on his crotch and looked down at him,
laughing, trying to catch my breath.
"You
give!?"
"Yeah,
Mikey, I give, I give! I can't take any more, I'm gonna pee if you keep that
up." He was panting and laughing and just looked so damn cute and sexy.
"I
win, right?" I said leering down at him.
"You
win, Mikey, you win! Fuck, I can't take anymore, you win!"
"Good!
I'll teach you yet to fuck with the old man."
I
fell to my left side back onto the bed and looked over at him. He had the
biggest smile I'd ever seen on his face. I smiled back at him.
"Goddamn,
you fight dirty; just like the other night. I gotta stop letting my guard down
around you. But yeah, old man, you won this one. We're now tied, but never
underestimate a determined Marine."
He
grinned at me then hopped out of bed to go relieve his bladder. I got up after
he'd made it into the bathroom and walked over to the door and looked at the
mess we'd, or I'd, left behind. I heard the toilet flush and five seconds later
he walked up behind me, wiped his wet dick on my ass and put his arms around
me, his head right next to mine.
"Surveying
your mess?"
"Yeah,
drippy dick.
Thanks; I needed a wet spot on my ass."
"Part
of the service.
You want some help cleaning up YOUR
mess, or you just gonna leave it for that nice lady?"
"Well
since most of the mess is our clothes I guess we'd better pick them up. We
might want to get dressed sometime today."
"I
don't. But I will help you." He kissed the side of my face.
"Thanks,
baby."
He
stepped back from me, grabbed my hips and pushed me into the other room. We
managed to get the entire mess cleaned up, the dishes on the tray and our
clothes back into the bedroom, sort of neatly folded, and I got the cum-stain
out of the couch. I spotted the tube of lube down between the cushions, felt
that it was basically empty and chucked it in the trash can. Fifteen minutes
later, we both stood in the middle of the room, still stark naked with our arms
around each other's waist, surveying our work.
"Nice
job!" I said.
"You
too."
We
looked at each other, kissed and he headed to the door, grabbed the do not disturb
card, opened the door wide open, hung the card on the door handle, stuck his
head out to look, then closed the door while turning to me and leering at me. I
rolled my eyes and he laughed. He walked back to me, grabbed my hand and led me
back to bed. We resumed our original positions and just laid there cuddling for
about an hour. Neither of us went back to sleep, we just explored each other's
bodies with our fingers and enjoyed the time together.
A
little after nine the phone started ringing. Jake answered it and handed it to
me. It was my new business partner, telling me that the paperwork and the
lawyers were ready, and could I meet them at eleven at the lawyer's office. He
gave me the address and I told him I'd be there and he hung up. I handed the
phone back to Jake.
"We
have a business meeting to go to at eleven."
"What
`we'? I don't know anything about business."
"Like
I said, we learn something new every day." I said grinning at him. "Besides,
you and I are `us', so why shouldn't `we' go to this meeting?"
"Do
I have to wear a suit? Because I don't own one; never have."
"No,
you don't have t wear a suit; I do, but you don't. You don't really have to go,
baby, it's just I thought we'd go to lunch after, and I'm sure not going to leave
you sitting in the car like a dog."
He
laughed.
"Ruff!
I guess... It might be kinda fun to see
you in action; although you'll all be speaking German so I won't have a clue
what's being said; but yeah, OK."
"You
saw me in action last night." He threw an evil grin at me. "Get up! We have to
get showered and prettied up, and I have a feeling this shower might take a
while."
"Hell
Yeah!"
With that he jumped out of bed and headed to the
bathroom.
After
our forty minute long shower, with both of us leaving a treat in the other's
mouth, we were out and getting dressed. He was standing naked in the middle of
the room again. It made me wish I had a camera with me.
"What
should I wear?"
"A
jock strap and a smile."
He
laughed and then stuck his tongue out at me. "Nice! But I don't think it'd help
your negotiations any."
"Hell,
they might just give me the company after seeing you in nothing but a jock
strap." I leered back at him.
"Shut
up! Really though; do you think jeans and a t-shirt would be OK? It's either
that or cammos."
"Jeans
and a t-shirt are fine. Don't worry about it."
We
both found what we were going to wear and got dressed. When we were done he
looked at me and whistled.
"Damn
baby... You're one of the few guys I've seen that can pull off looking so incredibly
sexy in a suit."
I
turned red. "Thank you, baby..."
"Don't
get embarrassed! Like you told me, just accept it. I think you're fuckin' hot
and I'm gonna tell you so."
"Thank
you."
I
smiled at him and he winked at me. That was a first, and I got a big grin on my
face. It was only a few minutes before ten so we had another forty minutes or
so to kill before we had to leave. We decided to pick out a couple of houses
that we'd like to see after lunch. We got three picked out and I called the
estate agent and made an appointment for 1:30 p.m. After the call I grabbed my
briefcase and asked him if he was ready.
"As
ready as I'll ever be. Let's roll." He walked up to me, kissed me sweetly on
the mouth and headed for the door.
We
got to the attorney at 10:53 a.m. and headed upstairs. Jake looked nervous as
hell by the time we got to the top of the steps.
"Relax,
baby. This isn't the dentist's office; it's just a bunch of lawyers trying to
get as much money from me as they can. More like a proctologist's office."
He
laughed and relaxed a little. We walked in the conference room and I introduced
him as my partner; not specifying professional or personal. Everyone shook
hands and we got down to business. The whole thing took less than thirty
minutes with me about twelve million poorer by the time we left. We got back
out to the car and after buckling up Jake turned to look at me with a weird
look on his face.
"I'm
sorry, I didn't mean to look at what you were signing, but I did and I saw some
huge numbers on there. What was that in real money?" He looked at me kind of
nervously.
"A
little over twelve million dollars."
"Fuck!
You're telling me you have twelve million bucks in the bank?" He asked
incredulously.
"Not
that much, no, baby. I wish I did. Business transactions like that are all done
through loans most of the time. My company basically took a loan to cover the
cost. The company we bought, when we get it back on track, will make enough to
repay the loans, pay its employees and suppliers and still make a profit.
Hopefully in about a year that company will be worth much more than the loan."
"Oh,
OK. So basically you're just now in debt for twelve million."
"Well
the company is, but yeah, basically."
"And
this is what you do? Buy and sell companies?"
"No,
not at all; but like I told you, they are one of our suppliers and were going
down the drain fast so I had to do something to keep them in business. Even
with the buy-out it's still better than having to find a new supplier and start
all over. Plus, we're our own supplier now, so we no longer have to buy the
product. It's kind of a win-win."
"I'm
sorry I'm asking so many questions. It's really none of my business; I'm
sorry."
"Don't
say that. It is your business now; ask any questions you want. I'll tell you
whatever you want to know." I reached over and ran my hand up his arm.
"OK...
So what DO you do? What does the company do that these guys supply shit to
you?"
"We're
a relatively small industrial robotics firm. We build the robots that build
other shit basically."
"Cool!"
Pause. "So let me get this straight. You build robots but you can't figure out
how to use a smart phone..."
I
started laughing my ass off. When I calmed down I looked at him.
"Pretty much.
Believe it or not, a smart phone is actually
smarter than a robot. A robot only has a few simple tasks it performs thousands
of times a day; simple programming. A phone has to do all kinds of stuff, and
interact with millions of different users, while being relatively simple to
use."
He
had a huge grin on his face. "Okie dokie... Good `nuff. Take me to lunch, robot
man."
We
found a nice beer garden not too far from the attorney's office and had a great
lunch. We left and headed to the estate agent's office. We were about thirty
minutes early, but I was hoping she could see us. She was on the phone when we
walked in, looked at us and smiled, and pointed to the two chairs in front of
her desk. We both took a seat and waited for her to finish her call. Two
minutes later she hung up and stood up, reaching her hand out. Jake and I
jumped out of our chairs and shook hands with her.
In
fluent English she said, "So this is the young man that makes you smile so
much. It's a pleasure to meet you, Jacob. I didn't expect to meet you until the
week-end."
He
blushed
a little. "It's a pleasure to meet you too. I
got a 24-hour pass so we decided to look at some houses." She smiled at Jake
and nodded.
I
apologized to her for being so early and brought my brief case up to my lap and
pulled out the three listings Jake and I had agreed on and handed them to her.
"We'd
like to see these three properties if possible."
"Let
me make a couple of phone calls. These two are empty, but this one still has a
tenant. Let me call my associate and see if he's showing any of them."
She
made the calls and five minutes later we were walking out of her office. When
we stopped, we were standing next to a fairly new E-Class Benz. Jake smirked
and she turned to look at him. He turned red and looked at me.
I
tried to come to his rescue. "It's kind of an inside joke between us. No
offense was intended. It's a long story, but basically we had a rental one of
these and nicknamed it the Kia Benz."
She
chuckled. "I don't know if that's good or bad... Should I know?" She smiled at
Jake.
He
blushed again.
"Probably not.
We can go now. Please."
She
laughed and opened her door. Jake jumped for the back door. I don't think he
wanted to sit next to her now; he was embarrassed. I jumped in front and we
pulled out and headed for the first house. We drove about ten minutes out of
town, on the same road that lead to his Marine base, just in the opposite
direction. When we pulled in the drive Jake let out a low "Damn..." The agent
looked at me and smiled, then parked the car. We got out and walked around the
outside of the entire property before heading inside. The house was what I
would classify as `old school German', kind of rustic cottage looking. The
paper said it was built in 1970. This must've been one of the empty ones; I
didn't see any signs of life.
When
we walked in the front door we were standing in the German version of the
`great room' and Jake let out another "Damn... It's huge!" I was starting to
wonder just how small of a house he'd grown up in. According to the listing
this place was just a shade over 1,900 square feet Maybe I was just used to
bigger; my house in the States was 3,800 square feet. We walked around the
entire house, Jake ooing and ahing at various things, finishing up in the
kitchen. Jake looked at the refrigerator and then looked at me.
"What
happened to it? It's tiny."
I
smirked. "That's the European way, Jake; they don't buy $1000 worth of
groceries at Sam's Club every month. They typically prefer to keep just a
couple days' worth on hand and then go to the market and get fresh food."
"Well
that's just a beer fridge; we need a bigger one. I could clear that out just
having lunch."
He
gave me a lopsided grin and the agent laughed. After having watched him eating
I had no doubt he could.
"We
can get a bigger fridge, baby; it's not a big deal." I really hadn't been
overly impressed with the house, but I looked at Jake and asked for his take.
"So other than the fridge, what do you think of this place?"
"I
really like the yard, but the inside seems kind of chopped up once you get
passed the living room. And the bedrooms are cool, but those two on the end
were tiny. Where would you put your office?"
"I
was kind of wondering the same thing. The master bedroom is fine. The master
bath is a little cramped, but not bad. But yeah, those other two rooms are a
little too small to be used for anything but a bed and small wardrobe." I
looked over at the agent. "I guess on to the next one." She smiled and nodded.
We
got back to the road and headed north towards the base, but when we got to the
turn-off leading toward town, we turned right instead and headed east about two
miles, then turned right into a gravel drive. I looked at the paper in my lap
and read it. This one was built in 2004 and had a little over a half-acre of
property with it. It was 2,400 square feet, with three bedrooms and two
bathrooms. It also had a huge back patio with what looked to me like sort of a
glass wall looking out on it. It was still traditional looking but had much
more modern touches. I liked it immediately. We got out of the car and did the
same thing, looking around the property before heading inside. I think Jake
fell in love with the patio; we almost had to drag him off of it. Once inside
we got another appreciative "Damn..." from Jake. The agent and I both laughed
and then watched Jake turn a little pink.
We
did the walk-through just like before and again finished in the kitchen. The
one huge advantage to this one was an attached two-car garage. We were standing
in the kitchen and of course Jake was looking at the fridge. It was bigger than
the last, but still not up to American walk-in standards. He just looked at me,
rolled his eyes and then shook his head slowly side to side. The agent saw him
and chuckled.
"OK,
we know you don't like the fridge, Jake, but what did you think of the house?"
I asked him.
"It's
fuckin' awesome!" Then he looked sheepishly at the agent. "Sorry."
She
smiled at him. "Don't worry about it, Jake; I think it's pretty fuckin' awesome
too. If I were in the market for a new home I'd buy this one."
Jake
looked at me. "So, what about you; what do you think of it?"
"Honestly,
I think it's perfect for us. I love the yard and the patio. I liked the size of
the rooms, and having a garage is a huge plus. The kitchen's not exactly how
I'd like it, but that can be fixed easily enough, although I love that huge
fire place at the end of it. Overall I'd say I think we found a definite
possible. Can you see yourself living here?"
"Hell
yeah.
I would love to live here; it's amazing."
I
looked at the agent. "I'm assuming the heating, plumbing, mechanical stuff is
all original. So it's only eight years old; shouldn't be any big headaches
looming too soon."
She
said they were and that no, we shouldn't have too many issues anytime in the
near future.
"How
long has this place been on the market?" I asked.
"A
week.
It was part of an estate and has been empty for
about six months during all the legal stuff. The title is now free and clear.
The estates' attorney is actually the one selling the home. I can tell you that
they are very firm on the price; and I'm sure we both know attorney's; they
don't budge much when money is involved."
"No
they don't. We were just at an attorney's office a few hours ago. What's the asking?"
"The
attorney's are asking 370 Euro."
I
turned to Jake. "What do you think? You want to take it, or would you rather
look around some more? This one is sweet; it might not be here in a few days."
"What
did you mean 370; three hundred seventy thousand!?"
"Yep."
"Holy
shitball!
That's a lot of money."
I
smiled at him. "It's real estate, Jake. Three hundred seventy actually isn't
too bad. No such thing as a cheap house anymore, baby."
"I
guess not... Damn!"
He
just looked at me, unsure. The agent touched me on the shoulder and said she'd
let us talk in private and went outside. I pulled Jake to me and turned him
around, facing the glass wall and put my arms around him and just held him.
"Think
of it, sexy man. Us standing here looking out that window watching it snow, a
fire blazing in that fireplace... Sounds pretty good to me; but I want to know
what you really think. And don't just go with it because you think I want to.
Be brutally honest with me and tell me what's going on in that fuzzy head of
yours."
I
could feel him smile against my face. "I don't know what to tell you. I'm just
a little overwhelmed; I've never been in this position before. I love the
house, I really do, and I am picturing us standing right here watching it snow.
It's just so... real now, I guess. When we were looking at the papers, they were
just pictures of houses and a bunch of words. Standing here, actually being in
the house, thinking about buying it and moving here is just...overwhelming."
"It
is that. It's kinda scary and exciting at the same time, huh?" He nodded yes.
"I want you to be happy, my love. I want you to feel good about this. I know
you; you're thinking about the damn money. Don't. Don't think about the money;
it doesn't matter. Think about everything else and tell me what you want to
do."
"I
am thinking about the money. It's a fuckin' lot of money, dude."
"Don't,
baby. The money's not the real issue. That's what mortgages are for. Just like
the business deal today; we get a loan. We make the payments, with you writing
the checks, and the house just increases in value over time. That's the nice
thing about real estate; it's not only a home for us but an investment too. So
take the money out of the equation and tell me what's in your heart."
He
paused for several seconds before replying. "I love the house, Mikey. I can
picture in my head us living here."
"Is
that your final answer?" I asked and smiled.
"Final
answer."
"Then
go outside and tell that lady that we'll take it." He turned his head and looked
at me like I was sending him to battle. "Go! She doesn't bite; at least I don't
think she would bite you." I released him from my hug and turned him toward the
front door. "Go. Do this. Do this because it makes you an equal stakeholder in
this. Go!"
I
swatted him on the butt and sent him forward. He walked to the door, opened it
and went outside when he spotted her. I stood in the kitchen watching him; the
most incredible feeling of warmth in my body, knowing I was standing in the
room that was going to be the beginning of so many incredible memories. I
smiled to myself, looked around the room and headed outside.
When
we left the real estate agent's office it was almost four o'clock. Jake kept
looking at me with a little terror on his face as we walked to the car. I
stopped him when we got to the car and held him by his arms, his back against
the passenger door. I smiled at him.
"Talk
to me. Why do you look terrified? I thought you'd be happy."
"I
am happy. But I'm a little scared too. This is fuckin' huge for me."
"Well
it's pretty big for me too; this is only the second house I've ever purchased,
but I couldn't be any happier about it. This will be our home, baby! Our Home!
Think of the possibilities, and the memories we'll create together!" I bent forward
and laid a wet kiss on his mouth. I pulled back and he smiled. "Just think,
baby, in about three weeks we'll be out of that fucking hotel and in our very
own house! It's fucking awesome, dude!"
He
got a huge grin on his face and kissed me back. I pulled him into a fierce hug,
then pulled back from him and reached behind him to open the door. I closed the
door once he sat in the car and walked around, with a huge smile on my face and
got in the car. We drove back to the hotel.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 7 (Chapter 12)

Chapter
7: Home on Leave
The
ride back to the hotel wasn't anything if not quiet. I guess Jake had a lot on
his mind, and I was just trying to figure what the last twenty minutes had been
about. I was thrilled at the prospect of spending twenty-four hours alone with
Jake, but I wasn't as thrilled at the idea what might have made it possible.
This could be a long twenty-four hours if my greeting at the base was an
indication. I guess I just had to be patient. He'd talk when he was ready to. I
pulled into the parking garage and found a space not too far from the door. I
turned the car off and unbuckled my seatbelt. Jake unbuckled his, finally
looked at me, gave me a small smile then opened the door and got out. He'd had
his backpack on the floor between his feet, so he just snatched it up as he got
out. He closed the door and walked towards the entrance to the hotel. I
shrugged, closed my door and followed behind him. We got to the elevator and he
stabbed at the call button, and just stood there with his pack hanging to the
floor, waiting. When the elevator arrived we got in and he stabbed the `9'
button and we were up, up and away; still not a word out of him. We finally got
in the room and I'd kind of had enough.
"Why
do I feel like you're mad at me?"
"I'm
mad at myself. I'm sorry."
"Why
are you mad at yourself?"
"For
losing control.
I'm not supposed to lose control! I'm
supposed to be tough; under any circumstances; always tough!"
"What
happened today?"
"You
don't want to know..."
"Oh,
you couldn't be more wrong. I do want to know. Anything that's capable of
making you lose control like that has to be something huge; even Sean said he'd
never seen you lose it like that. I want to know."
Jake
looked at me with fear and resignation on his face. He then began telling me
his story. He talked for about ten minutes. I didn't interrupt him once; I
wanted him to get it out. I tried to keep a poker face but lost the battle a
couple of times. When he was finished he just exhaled.
Then
he started to talk again. "You know what though? I was actually doing okay with
all that shit up until the last eight minutes of work. Then Kevin noticed my
watch and got all excited. He told me that James Bond wore one. I told him he
was just being goofy, so he pulled it up on the computer and showed me. Five
grand; I was speechless. And that's when my armor broke. I got scared."
"Why
did you get scared?"
"Because
I didn't know what it meant. I didn't know; I don't know what's expected of me
for a $5,000 watch."
"Nothing's
`expected' of you, Jake. It was a gift. No strings attached."
"I
asked Kevin who buys someone a $5,000 watch. He smacked me on the back of the
head and said, `someone who loves you; duh!'"
"Kevin
sounds like a smart guy. He figured it out; why are you fighting it? I mean,
this isn't about the watch, Jake. We can return the watch if you really don't
want it. This is about why it's making you feel like something's expected of
you."
"Because
I can't compete with stuff like that!
I can't get you things
like that. I make thirteen hundred bucks a month; it would take me five months
just to pay for something like that. So, what else is there; my ass? It's not
worth five grand."
"Who
asked you to get me anything? I certainly didn't. And don't ever accuse me of
trying to buy sex, or your love from you ever again. I think I deserve better
than that. The price of the gift doesn't make a fuckin' bit a difference. You
could give me a goddamn tool box you made in shop class when you were twelve
and I would think it was the greatest thing ever! Because it came from you! I
make lots and lots of money, Jake, so let me spend some of it on you. I'm not
trying to buy you. I don't `expect' anything from you. When I bought that watch
the other day the only thought in my head was you had broken yours and needed a
new one. I stopped at the jewelry store to look for a new one for you. I saw
that one and thought it would look great on you. I gave the guy my credit card,
signed the damn ticket, had them wrap it up and I walked out of the store.
Until you told me, I had no idea how much the damn thing cost. It doesn't
matter to me either. You needed a watch. I like that watch on you, so there it
is."
He
sat there, stunned, for a minute. I don't know if it was because I'd kind of
gone off on him or because he was still mad and was thinking of a way to drag
this on.
"I'm
sorry." He looked beaten down and exhausted. I guess I have a cruel streak in
me after all.
"No...
No. Don't tell me that and expect it to make everything OK. You just accused me
of trying to buy you and you think a simple `sorry' makes me understand why you
said it? I accept your apology, Jake, but I want to know what the hell's going
on."
"I'm
scared goddammit!! Don't you get it!? I'm scared! Ever since Sunday afternoon
every emotion I feel revolves around you. Do you have any idea how much power
you have over me? I'm happy, it's because of you. I'm sad, it's because you're
not in the room. I'm scared shitless and I don't have you there to hold me!
I've given myself over to you and it scares the living hell outta me. I have no
control, you have it! In just five days my whole life has become yours. I think
about you and worry about you and miss you and crave you and ... I'M FUCKIN' SCARED,
OK!!!" He heaved his backpack across the room and just sat down on the floor,
defeated.
I
walked over and sat down next to him. "Give me your hand."
He
lifted his hand up and I took it in mine, intertwining our fingers.
"I
don't mean to make this sound so simple, but welcome to being in love. It's not
simple though; it's the most complex human emotion there is. And yeah, Jake
it's every bit as terrifying as you just described. Guess what, baby? I feel
every single one of those things too. My life is yours. My world revolves
around you. Every emotion I feel, every act, every thought, every plan I've
made in the last five days has been because of you. Do you have any idea how
much power YOU have over ME? I spend almost every single waking moment terrified
that you will come to your senses and walk out that door. I spend hours every
day trying to figure out why you're here with me and why you stay. What could I
possibly offer you? Everyone has doubts, Jake; everyone; especially in a new
relationship. And yeah, it's scary as fuck, because you do give all of your
control to the one you love. You are the first person I've been in love with in
twelve years. You are the first person I've trusted that much in twelve years.
I don't trust anyone, Jake, but I trust you; I've entrusted you with my heart.
I got my heart ripped out of my chest and stomped on the last time I let
someone in. You don't think I'm scared too?"
We
just sat there holding hands for about ten minutes thinking about things. Jake
finally broke the silence.
"I
stay because I love you."
"I'm
scared because I love you."
Another
five minutes passes.
"We
make quite a team."
"Yes
we do."
About
ten minutes later Jake speaks again.
"I'm
hungry."
"Me
too."
"Can
we order room service?"
"You
buyin'?"
"Sure.
You want catsup with your crackers?"
I
turn my head and look at him. He smiles at me.
"Sounds
good."
"'Nuff
said." I look back at him and start laughing. Jake let's go of my hand and
stands up, then holds his hand down to me. "Come on you old perv, I'll help you
across the street."
We
ordered dinner, and no, not crackers with catsup, and sat on the couch waiting
for it to show up. I couldn't take the floor much longer; I'm not twenty. I was
sitting on Jake's right. He took my hand in his, then reached with his left
hand and turned my face to him.
"Can
you ever forgive me for what I said; for accusing you of trying to buy me?"
"I
already forgave you. I told you, I had to know why you said it. Now I do."
"Well
OK then."
"Well
Fine!"
We
grinned at each other and then he kissed me softly. I sighed and turned my face
back to the bar. By the time we checked out of this room both of us were going
to know every square centimeter of that stupid bar.
"Thank
you for my watch. I love it almost as much as I love you."
"You're
welcome."
Another
ten minutes pass and there's a knock on the door. Jake get's up and lets the
waiter in with our tray. The waiter sets it up on the dining table for us and
hands Jake the check. Jake signs it and then pulls a ten out of his wallet and
hands it to the waiter, while leading him back to the door. When the waiter is
gone I get up and sit down at the table across from Jake. I wink at him and
smile. He smiles back.
After
dinner we decide to go for a walk. It's dusk out now and it just seems like a
really good time to walk around the city. Before we leave I realize Jake's
still in uniform.
"Do
you need to change out of your uniform before we go?"
"No.
Do you want me to?"
"Well
not specifically, but I was kinda hoping to be able to hold hands with you
while we walked."
"I'll
hold your hand anywhere, anytime, wearing anything. Don't worry about it. Hell,
the straight Marines get to walk around in uniform and hold hands, why shouldn't
I?"
"'Nuff
said." He grinned and opened the door to the room and let me go ahead of him.
We
got off the elevator in the lobby and Jake made a point of taking my hand in
his. He then walked me across the lobby, head held high, body ramrod straight and
a little swagger in his step. We got to the door and the doorman held the door
open for us and smiled and Jake nodded at him and we left the hotel. I don't
know if I had the right to be, but I was as proud of him as the Major had been
earlier.
We
decided we'd walk in a different part of town this time; we'd seen what we
wanted to on the other side the night before. We did the same thing, just
wandering around town, holding hands, looking in store windows and just talking
quietly. We didn't race around chasing each other this time, but we had a nice
walk nonetheless. We ended up walking by one of the real estate offices I'd
visited the day before. It reminded me.
"What
would you like to do on your day off tomorrow?"
"I
hadn't given it any thought. Why, did you have something in mind?" Then he
leered at me.
I
chuckled. "Well as much fun as that leer sounds; I was thinking about something
outta the bedroom."
"We
can do it in the living room or the bathroom if you want."
I
smiled. "Sounds really great, but I was actually thinking about looking at a
couple of houses. I talked to the lady that runs that real estate office we
just passed. She gave me several listings, as did a couple of other agents, and
I was going to suggest it this weekend; but since we have tomorrow, how about
it?
"Sure,
OK. So, do we get a big, old castle with lots of hot house boys running
around?"
"Now
who's the perv? I was thinking of something a lot smaller and a lot quieter. I
think it should be something that's just the two of us; something that has both
our personalities and tastes in it."
"Ah,
that's what you meant about seeing my apartment to see how I lived. You were
already thinking about it."
"I
told you, baby, every plan I make involves you. But yes, that was one reason; I
already told you the other and it's not as sweet or altruistic."
He
laughed. "Well maybe not altruistic, but it is sweet. I wanna do you in my
apartment too. So do you have the listings they gave you back at the hotel?"
"Yeah."
"Why
didn't you show `em to me yesterday?"
"We
kinda got started on something else and I completely forgot about `em." He
leered at me again
."Perv.
Keep walking, stud."
"Ooo
ooo, that reminds me of something. You're gonna love this! But you can't ever
tell him I said anything. Me, Sean and Kevin were talking after lunch and after
all that happened I was being pretty open about us. But anyway, Kevin said
something about you being ugly if you were with me and Sean actually said, no,
that you were actually kind of a stud. Then he turned bright red."
I
got huge grin on my face. "You're kidding me! Sean actually said that? Damn, I
bet he did turn bright red. He turned red several times just putting his foot
in mouth about you and the Major and me taking care of our boy. That's
classic!"
"Fuck
yeah, it is. But please, Mikey, you can never let on that I told you. Kev and I
both told him we wouldn't tell; that what happens in Vegas...
Yada yada yada.
You understand, right?"
"Of
course, Jake; I wouldn't put you in that position. Don't sweat it; but it is
funny."
"Yeah
it is. Sean's a great guy, but he puts his foot in it a lot. I mean he keeps us
all laughing because he's really quick on come-backs, but every once in a while
he steps in it."
"I
could tell he was quick-witted when we were talking. I think he caught himself
a couple of times when the Major was there. I really like him; he seems like a
really stand-up guy."
"He
is. He's probably my best friend in the Corps. I know I spend more time with
Kev, but we work in the same office. I think if it ever came down to something
that Sean would be there first. He showed me that again today. I love them
both, but I think Sean will always be there for me."
"I
think he will too, baby. He loves you a lot. I know he said your brother's all
love you, but I think he has a special place in his heart for you. And no, I
don't mean sexual love, but friend or brother kinda love. I really believe he
would give his life for you; and that's something incredibly special."
"I
know, Mike, believe me I know. I love him too, and I would die for him if I had
to. We've been through a lot together, and we're always there for each other."
"I
want you to know that you can always see Sean, or just hang out with him or go
have a beer with him anytime, baby. He's always welcome in whatever home we end
up in; and not just Sean, but Kevin and whoever else. I want you to have
friends and a life outside of us as well, baby. It's really important that you
don't lose track of who you are just because we're together. That's part of
what we were talking about earlier. We live for each other, but we also need to
maintain our own self."
"I'm
starting to understand all of that. You have to remember this is my first time;
it may take me a while to catch on to some things. But thanks for saying that
about Sean, I really appreciate hearing it."
"You're
welcome, baby. Let's go back and look at some houses."
We
got back to the hotel in about fifteen minutes. It was only a couple minutes
after nine and we sat down on the couch with the house listings. It was kind of
fun looking at them with him; he'd get so excited about some feature or design
of a house, then decided the next house was even better, then back to the first
one. It made me kind of dizzy occasionally. After a while I would grab two
listings from him and lay them on the coffee table and ask him to tell me what
made him like one more than the other, with specific reasons why. He finally
looked up at me.
"So
you're saying it's my choice what house we buy?"
"No,
I'm saying I want your opinion and input. Your wants and needs for this house
are every bit as important as mine. This is going to be our home. It has to
reflect both of our personalities. If we get to something that we just don't
agree on, or can't compromise on, then we just look at another house. The same
goes for anything that's in it; like décor, fixtures, furniture, appliances,
everything. At least everything that's in a common room. If we both want
something really unique that the other can't stand, then it get's put in a
bedroom or something. I want both of us to also have our own space. Somewhere
we can just go to chill. I need to have an office; it's how I make my living,
and that will be my space. You can have whatever kind of room you want to make
your space in. It will be your own, private personal space. Our bedroom is
common; we share that; we'd have to compromise."
"You're
serious, aren't you? I can tell you how I want something to be or to look like and
you'll let me do it, if we agree on it?"
"Of
course; why shouldn't you be able to? This will be your home too."
"Because
you're the one paying for it."
"Don't
go there again, Jacob."
"No
no, not that.
It's just that my whole life I've
heard, `this is my house, I make the payments and you'll follow my rules' and
yada yada yada..."
I
chuckled. "Baby this is our house. I'm not your father, I'm your partner. It
doesn't matter who makes the damn payment, it's our home. If you really want to
you can make the payments." I grinned at him.
"Sure.
How do you feel about refrigerator box living?"
"If
it's with you, just fine; and we can dine on catsup and crackers every night.
Tell you what, if you feel strongly about it, you can write the check every
month to make the mortgage payment."
He
laughed. "I've never written a check in my life."
"We
learn something new every day, Jake."
"I
can't argue with that. In the last few days I've learned a lot. Like I love
having my nipples and my ass licked." He leered at me again.
"It's
just part of the service, baby."
"That
was kind of a hint..." He leered again.
"That
was kind of ignored on purpose..." I leered back at him.
"
You playing
hard to get?"
"Yep."
"Why?
You're usually the horny perv?"
"Me!?
Face it, baby, I think we're both horny pervs. You just have more energy than I
do."
"Well
come on, grandpa, I'll make you a deal. If I can get you hard, you can fuck my
innocent little ass."
"I
actually wanted to ask you about that. Not if I could fuck you, but if you've
ever done it before."
"No,
you'll be my first."
"I'm
honored. But are you sure you want to do it? It can be kinda painful the first
time."
"I'm
sure. I've thought about it a lot. I've used my finger on myself a few times
and it felt pretty damn good. I know your cock is a lot bigger than my fingers,
thank God, but I trust you not to hurt me. And I couldn't help but notice how
much you love it when I fuck you. I want to see what makes a grown man scream
out `slap my
ass'
." He leered at me again.
"A
lot of things made me scream out slap my ass, and all of them begin with you."
"Well,
then you just answered your own question. Am I sure? Yes. Am I ready?
Ninety-five percent; I trust you to bring me the other five. And all of my
reasons begin and end with you."
I
smiled at him and shoved the coffee table away from us with my foot. "Stand
up."
He
got up and stood in front of me looking down and grinning. I began running my
hands up and down his legs, feeling the solid muscle through the material of
his cammos. I rubbed his legs for a few moments and then dropped my hands back
down towards his feet. I untied the laces on his boots and he lifted his feet
up, one by one so I could take them off. I then untied the strings on the
bottom of each pant leg. I scooted my butt to the edge of the couch and began
rubbing his legs again, always going just a little higher each time. I then
wrapped my arms around his ass and pulled him to me, shoving my face into his
crotch and breathing in the aroma. I nuzzled my face in his crotch for a few
minutes, loving the smell and texture of him, all the while massaging his ass
cheeks through his pants. I pulled my face away and looked up. He looked down
at me. I pushed him back a few inches and then stood up in front of him, pulled
him back into me and kissed him. We kissed passionately for a few minutes while
I rubbed and squeezed his ass. I broke the kiss and took his hand and led him
to the side of the couch.
"Stand
right here. Don't move; don't touch yourself."
I
let go of him and sprinted into the bedroom to grab the lube. When I came back
out he was exactly where I'd left him; looking so incredibly hot in his cammos.
I set the tube of lube on the back of the couch cushion. He looked at me and
smiled.
"Is
that for me?"
"Mmm
hmm."
I
pulled him back into a hot, wet kiss; kneading and stroking his ass while I
made out with him. While we kissed I began moving my hands up his back, then to
his shoulders and massaged them for a moment, then back down his back, feeling
the muscles flex as I did. I pulled away from the kiss, bringing my hands
around to the front of him, and then continued upwards over his stomach and
chest. I ran my hands softly around his neck, then up the sides of face,
caressing him, then back down to his throat. I found the top button of his
shirt and began to undo the buttons, slowly, one by one, working my way down. I
got the bottom button undone and opened his shirt. No t-shirt; good, just his
dog tags. I then ran my hand down his right arm, reaching the buttons on his
shirt sleeve. I reached over with my other hand and undid the buttons, then
repeated the process on his other sleeve; no flying buttons this time. I let
his arm drop and starting running the backs of my fingers up his stomach, starting
at his waist and very slowing moving up to his neck again. He moaned and smiled
at me.
"That
feels sooo good."
I
continued running the backs of my fingers around his chest and stomach then
moved over to his right nipple and very, very lightly ran the back of my index
finger over it; it responded immediately. I played with his right nipple for a
couple of minutes, then slid my fingers over to the left one and did the same
thing, getting the same reaction. I then slid my finger over to his dog tags,
put my finger down lightly on one of them and started moving the dog tag back
and forth across his chest. He smiled at me. I then brought my other hand into
the action and rubbed his chest using the palms of my hands, slowly, working my
way to his shoulders and finally his shirt. I slowly slid his shirt off his
shoulders, then reached around him and pulled it off, grabbing it as it slid
off his arms and then tossing it about six feet away on the floor. Fuck it, I
thought, I could always iron the thing in the morning. I brought my hands back
up his arms, feeling the hair and muscle as I worked my way back to his
shoulders, then lightly around his neck. I pulled him to me and kissed him
lightly on the mouth, then pulled away.
I
let go of his neck and ran my hands back down the front of his torso, working
my way towards his waist. My fingers stopped at the waistband of his pants and
I worked my fingers to the clasp of his belt. I pulled on the little silver bar
thing, sliding it sideway to release the webbing of his belt. Once it was
loose, I pulled on the webbing, sliding it through the buckle and then left his
belt hanging. I reached for the first button on his pants, running my fingers
around it once then released it. I stuck the back of my right index down a
little into his waist and slowly ran it back and forth across, feeling the hair
on his abdomen running past it. It felt so incredibly soft and smooth. I could
also feel the band of the black jock he was wearing at the bottom of my
fingertip. I rubbed his lower tummy and hair for a few moments, then reached
down again and continued undoing the buttons of his pants. When I had the last
button undone I let go of his pants and they slid down to his ankles. I smiled
at him, and he grinned back at me. I slowly dropped to one knee, giving the
head of his dick a kiss through the jock, running my hands down the backs of
his legs. I got down and tapped the back of his ankle. I couldn't resist doing
it; it had seemed so cute to me when he'd done it. He lifted his right foot and
I slid the pant leg off and then did his left foot. I grabbed the pants with my
fist and heaved them towards the bedroom door. He laughed above me, his dick
jumping at the top of my head.
I
lifted my head up and gave his dick another kiss, and decided I really needed
to taste it before we got down to business. I could feel the dampness of his
pre-cum on the material of the jock; it felt great. I brought my right index
finger back up and ran it softly between his inner thigh and the pouch of the
jock strap. I stuck my finger into the material of the pouch, right above his
testicle and pulled it out, then over to the left, freeing his throbbing,
leaking cock. His cock sprang back as it cleared the material of the jock and
stopped right in front of my face. I engulfed it and he moaned loudly. I then
took my right hand and grabbed his balls and started massaging them while I
went to work on his dick, sliding my tongue and mouth down as far as I could
then back up, licking the head and his foreskin when I came back up. He started
moaning again.
"Oh
yeah, suck my dick. Yeah, suck my dick, Mikey; oh God that feels so fucking
good. Suck my fucking cock, Michael."
I
did as I was told and just kept sucking his dick for a few minutes. I didn't
want him to cum, but I did want to taste and feel his cock in my throat. After
a few minutes I let go of his balls and then pulled my mouth off his cock. I
thought about putting it back in the jock, but decided I'd rather have it
hanging out. I licked the head one last time, sending a shiver through him and
stood back up. I pulled him into a hard kiss, letting him taste his cock on my
mouth and tongue. I had the back of his neck in my hand; just holding his mouth
against me as I tongue fucked his mouth for a few seconds then pulled back as
hard as I had landed on him. I looked at him with lust in my eyes.
"Fuck,
you taste fuckin' good!"
He
was standing with his ass to the back of the couch and I grabbed his waist and
spun him around so his ass was facing me, then pushed him with the palm of my
hand on his back so he was bent over, his face on the back couch cushion and
his sweet ass sticking out. I slapped his ass once.
"Damn,
baby, that's a perfect fuckin' ass"
I
then grabbed his left cheek and rubbed it vigorously for a few seconds, then
did the same with his right cheek.
"Fuck
baby! That is the hottest fucking ass I've ever seen."
And
with that I dropped to my knees and slammed my face into it, my tongue leading
the way, my hands still holding on to him. He yelped out and then he groaned. I
used my hands to spread his cheeks and just started eating his ass like a
starving man. I ran my tongue all around the outside of his hole, then up the
trench then back to his hole and slammed my tongue in, fucked him a few seconds
and continued the process over and over.
"Oh
fuck yeah! Eat my fuckin' ass! Goddamn, that is so fuckin' hot, baby. Eat my
fucking ass, boy! Oh God..."
I
followed orders like a good soldier and ate that sweet ass for about twenty
minutes; I couldn't get enough. Finally my tongue, my mouth and my jaw were
starting to ache, so I eventually had to pull my face out. I sat back on my
legs and just looked at it for a few seconds. What a sight to behold. I reached
up and touched it, running my hands down each cheek then once through his
trench. I then gave each cheek a little swat bringing my hands down over them.
He moaned again. I stood up and started ripping my own clothes off; just
throwing them in whatever direction seemed good at the time. I was standing
behind him naked within about thirty seconds, my swollen cock standing out in
front of me. I walked back up to him and laid my dick down in his crack and
rubbed back and forth a few times and then I slapped my dick on his ass a few
times. He moaned louder. I did this a couple of more times, enjoying the
feeling of my cock sliding around on his ass; I was in heaven. I wanted more
and I had to get him ready, the spit I'd dumped in his ass wasn't going to be
enough. I reached over his shoulder looking for the tube of lube I'd set on the
couch cushion earlier. I couldn't see it. He saw I was looking for it and the
next thing I knew he was holding it in his hand, handing it up to me.
"Is
this what you're lookin' for?"
"Yep.
Thanks baby."
"Mmmm..."
I
opened the tube and squirted out a glob on my right index finger, then keeping
hold of the tube in my left hand I reached down and started rubbing my finger
around his hole. He groaned. I rubbed a couple of circles, then I slowly stuck
my finger in his ass and he groaned again, but a little louder. I ran my finger
in and out of his hole a couple of times, then I remembered what he'd done to
me last night, and I had loved it, so I started doing it to him. I'd stick my
finger in, then wiggle it around, then bend it and tug on his hole, then wiggle
it around some more finishing with a quick finger fuck. I pulled my finger back
out, squirted some more lube on it, adding a second finger to get it wet too,
then I was back at this hole. I stuck both fingers in at the same time and he
tensed his ass a little and groaned. I began sliding the two fingers in and out
of his ass, picking up the tempo a little with each stroke. He was starting to
pant, and the moans were getting louder. I then started doing the bending,
wiggling pulling thing and he groaned out louder.
"Fuck...
Fuck my ass, baby..."
I
stroked my fingers in him a couple more times and pulled out, lubed up a third
finger and went right back to work. He clenched again when I started to go in
with three, but then relaxed and let me in. I slowly slid my fingers as far in
as I could get them and stopped. He groaned really loudly and I could feel his
ass muscles clamp hard around my fingers. I wiggled as best I could and he
released a little bit. I then slowly stroked my fingers in and out of his hole,
adding a little side pressure from time and time. I stroked his hole for two or
three minutes before deciding he was as ready as he was going to get. I slowly
withdrew my fingers, wiped them off my own leg (I can be nice too), tossed the
lube onto the couch and then grabbed his hips and pulled him back to me. I
swung my body around to the front of the couch bringing him with me. I sat down
hard on the couch and left him standing in front me, ass to my face.
"Turn
around and climb up to sit on my lap, your knees on the sides of my legs."
He
did as ordered and I was sitting there with him on my lap looking in my eyes
with nothing but lust and want. I reached behind his head and pulled him down
for a quick, hard kiss.
"This
is a much better position for the first time. It gives you complete control
over how much and how fast you get my cock. Slide your ass up, like your trying
to feed me your cock and then stop."
He
did so, but he did rub his dick on my lips, and I grabbed the tube of lube and
squirted some on to my hand and slathered it on my aching cock.
"OK,
now lift up a bit."
He
did and I grabbed my cock and aimed it at his hole as best I could. He slowly
slid his butt down over my crotch, feeling the head of my dick at his hole.
"It's
all you now; you do what you want. Just sit down slowly, stopping when you need
to, over my cock. And it might seem like a fun idea, but don't just slam my
dick up your ass, baby, not the first time; it'll hurt like nothing you've ever
felt before. Go slowly and relax. It sounds gross, but push out like you're
trying to take a dump; just not hard." He gave me a weird grin and smirked.
He
moved down about an inch and I felt my cock head go between his ass lips; it
felt wonderful, then he flinched and stopped. He relaxed for a moment then put
a little more weight on me, my dick aching to go deeper. He got to his
sphincter, felt the pressure and stopped again.
"You're
doin' great, you sexy man; you OK?" He nodded. "Take your time, relax and don't
over-think it. Whenever you're ready..."
He
nodded and put more weight down. I broke through his ass ring and we both
moaned. It shouldn't be too bad, he had at least a quart of lube up his ass, but
I felt him clench again. It felt great to me, but he closed his eyes and
winced. I rubbed the sides of his legs.
"God,
that feels so good. Breathe and relax, baby. It'll get better soon, I promise.
I would never hurt you, remember that."
He
nodded again, then relaxed and put some more weight down. He slid down all the
way, groaned and stopped.
"Oh
fuck, baby, you feel so good. Relax. Just sit there for a moment and let your
ass adjust to my dick." He smiled and nodded, and then he opened his eyes and
looked at me. I winked at him and he smiled.
He
sat there for a few moments then tentatively tried rising back up. He let out a
moan and winced but kept moving. He came up about five inches then slowly sat
back down again.
"That's
it, baby. God that feels fucking great! I can't describe it."
He
smiled and continued slowly rising and sitting on my cock. I was still rubbing
his legs and then I'd reach around behind him and rub the tops of his ass
cheeks then back to his legs. He increased the speed very slightly and was
riding my cock, sending waves of heat through my dick and balls. I was in
absolute heaven. I could feel his ass muscles clench on my cock every time he'd
come back down, then he'd just go right back up again.
"Oh
God, Michael, that feels fucking awesome! I feel like my ass is on fire, but
it's fucking incredible. I can feel your cock sliding in and out of my ass and
it's just a total rush. Fuck! I love you, baby, God I love you so much..."
"I
love you too, baby. Your ass feels sooo fucking good. I still can't believe
you're letting me do this. God you feel so good, baby. I want you; I want you
more than ever."
He
just kept riding up and down on my cock, taking slow steady strokes, just like
he did when he fucked me. It was mind blowing to watch this incredibly sexy
Marine stud sitting in my lap, riding my cock; I was overwhelmed. He continued
to increase the pace, getting into the feelings he was experiencing in his ass.
I loved every minute of it. My cock felt right at home, being loved by this hot
man's tight ass. I had been so into making sure that he was OK, that my cock
wasn't really anywhere near ready to blast; it was just enjoying the ride. This
could take awhile. I smiled to myself. He fucked himself on my cock for about
five or six minutes, moaning and panting, continuously increasing his rhythm,
his face a mask of lust and pleasure. He was rubbing his hands on my chest,
then around my neck and shoulders then back to my chest. Then he grabbed the
back of my head, leaned forward and pulled my face into a hard, wet, sloppy
kiss. He pulled back from the kiss and just looked into my eyes with pure lust
and need on his face. It was a hell of a sight. I grabbed his hips and stopped
him on an upstroke and he looked at me like I'd done something stupid. I
started thrusting up into him and he started panting.
"Oh
fuck yeah, Michael, fuck my ass! Oh God... Oh God... Oh God that feels so fucking
good! Fuck me!"
I
was taking long, quick strokes into his aching hole, holding his hips as steady
as I could. Then I'd switch it up a little, doing long strokes, then short
really fast ones, then back to long ones. He was leaving me there, going off
into a zone, and just panting and moaning and telling me to fuck him. I just
kept fucking him. After about five minutes of this I used my hands and forced
his hips back down on top of me, burying my cock in his ass and held him there.
He had a glazed look on his face. I reached up with my fingers and touched his
cheek. He looked down at me.
"Wanna
try a new position?"
"Fuck
yeah."
"Get
up." I patted his thighs.
He
lifted his ass up off my cock, then got off of me and stood in front of me, his
cock staring at me, throbbing and leaking pre-cum like a fountain. He reached a
hand down to me to pull me up. I stood up, kissed him quickly then took his
hand and led him back to the side of the couch. I turned him facing the couch
and lined him up where I wanted him.
"Bend
over baby, I'm drivin'." He laughed and then bent over the couch. "Bend your
left leg and put your knee on the arm of the couch." He complied and the end
result was breath taking. "Oh, God, baby, that's just perfect."
I
moved closer to him, lining my cock up with his ass. I pressed my cockhead at
his hole, then rubbed it up and down a few times, then I put my head back at
his hole and pushed in just an inch, then pulled back out and ran my dick back
up his trench. Yes, I was teasing him, but I was enjoying it. I did this about
five times before he'd had enough.
"Quit
teasing my ass, fucker; just stick that fucking cock in me."
I
giggled, he groaned and I lined up my cock with his hole. I pushed in just an
inch like I'd done before. I waited for about three seconds and then I just
steadily pushed my dick all the way into his ass, not stopping until I was
balls-deep. He yelled out.
"Oh
my fucking God... Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. Oh God... Oh fuck yeah!!"
I
smiled to myself. I let my cock rest in his hole for a few seconds then started
to withdraw as slowly as I could and still be moving. I wanted him to feel
every inch as it left his hungry ass. I pulled back to where my head was just
an inch inside then waited another two seconds and pushed right back into him.
He slammed his hand on the top of the couch three or four times and started
swearing again. I waited a few seconds, balls-deep, then started slowly
withdrawing again. He started panting and moaning loudly. I got back to where I
was only in him an inch, but then I pulled completely out of him, just where my
cockhead was about a half inch from his hole. He whimpered.
"Oh
Michael, please!"
I
waited about five seconds, letting him sweat it out then slid my cock back in
him all the way; but I didn't stop when I reached the bottom, I started
thrusting my cock in and out of his ass, using every inch on every stroke. He
was moaning, whimpering and swearing again.
I
set up a nice smooth rhythm; just fucking his ass, not slamming into him, but
just letting my cock slide along inside his ass; in and out, in and out, in and
out. I was resting my hands on the top of his ass and looking down at my cock
disappearing into his sexy ass, and I understood why he enjoyed doing that so
much; it was fucking hot to watch. I fucked him like this for about ten
minutes, not letting myself get close, just enjoying the sights, smells and sounds.
I think he was off in his special place again, he was just moaning and panting
and murmuring. I was watching my cock sliding into his ass and decided to bump
it up a notch. I grabbed his hips in my hands and doubled the tempo of my
thrusts, slamming into his ass repeatedly; listening to the sounds of our flesh
smacking together. He came back from his special place quickly.
"OH
FUCK!! Oh my God!! Oh fuck, man, fuck me. Oh my God, that is fucking good;
don't ever stop, just fuck me!" All of this was yelled out while slamming his
fist into the couch cushions.
I
slammed my cock in him like this for about three or four minutes, then I went
back to my original pace for a couple of minutes before I'd start slamming his
ass again, then right back to slow and methodical for a couple, then slam
again. He was whimpering and yelling and grunting and didn't know what to do
with himself. I also decided now was a good time for payback on that hard ass
slap he gave me, so during one of my slow methodical thrusts, I drew my right
hand back and slapped his ass hard; not really, really hard, but as hard as
he'd slapped mine. He screamed out.
"Oooooowwwwww!
Motherfucker, not so hard."
I
rubbed his ass cheek a couple of times to ease the burn, and then I slapped his
left cheek, but not nearly as hard. He moaned.
"That's
better. Fuck yeah!"
I
slapped his left cheek a couple of more times, slammed my cock in his ass twice
and just pulled out.
"Get
up! Get on your back! Do it now, Marine!"
He
jumped up as best he could, I think his left leg had gone to sleep a little,
spun around, sat on the arm of the couch, fell back and lifted his legs up; his
ass resting on the arm of the couch. I reached down, grabbed the lube, squirt
some on my dick, rubbed it in just a second, squirt some on his hole and slid
my cock back into him. He grunted when I hit bottom. I dropped the tube,
reached out and grabbed his ankles, pushed down on his legs to bend them at the
knee and just started fucking him again. I looked down to watch what I was doing
and was presented with the hottest sight I'd ever seen outside of a porn movie.
His ass was up, cheeks spread wide, the straps of the jock caressing his ass,
his hole swallowing my cock, and the muscles on his legs were as taught as I'd
ever seen them. His cock was rock hard and dripping and his balls were moving
with the rhythm of the fucking. I groaned. I just stared at this incredible
sight while I ran my cock in and out of his ass. I fucked him in this position
for seven or eight minutes, until I decided he needed a little relief.
I
let go of his left leg and reached down and grabbed his cock. He groaned really
loudly. I don't even know if he'd touched himself the entire time, but the
sudden grip on his dick got his attention. I started stroking his cock while
mine was thrusting in and out of his ass, trying to match the rhythm. He was
moaning and panting again. I started jacking his cock faster and faster; I
wanted to see him shoot his load. He was panting and whimpering; all the while
I was fucking him and jacking his cock. I could feel his ass muscles on my
cock, clenching and releasing constantly. I don't think either one of us had
much time left. I just held on for the ride, jacking his leaking cock, my
fingers wet with his pre-cum. I started milking his shaft while I jacked him
off and that did it. He gave me fair warning.
"I'm
gonna fuckin' cum! I'm gonna cum! Oh God, I'm gonna cum, motherfucker!
Arrrrrgggghhhh!!"
It
was spectacular. This is the one I would've paid a thousand bucks to see, and I
was getting to watch it for free. The first volley shot up out of his cock in a
beautiful arc, flying right over his head. The next volley, a second later,
shot up, arcing, and landed, splattering, right on his face. The next volley
didn't have quite the same arc on it, but did fly up and land on his chin,
dropping down to his neck. The fourth volley shot out with a pretty level
trajectory and landed on his chest, getting one of his dog tags. The fifth one
took pretty much the same course, just not quite strong enough to get his dog
tag, but laying a bead down his sternum. The power was receding but not the
number of times. The sixth one shot out straight and landed about two inches to
the right of the last one on his sternum; this time the tail landing in his
belly button.
I
was watching all of this with amazement; I'd stopped thrusting and was just
buried in his ass, my cock feeling the pressure of his ass muscle contractions
as he shot his load. The next one shot out and basically filled up his belly
button, making the hair on his stomach all gooey. I was still milking his cock
in my fist; I didn't plan on leaving a drop in his balls. He was panting and
moaning really loudly, and then the next one flew out and met up with its
sibling in his belly button. I stopped my milking action, but still held on to
his cock; I loved the feeling of his dick pulsing in my fist. The remaining cum
in his balls just began oozing out, landing on his pubes, running down his
shaft and coating my fingers with it. I just stood there mesmerized at the
sight of him, panting, heaving and covered in his own juice. I let go of his
cock and rubbed my fingers on his inner thigh a couple of times, then reached
up for his ankle again. He looked up at me, dazed.
"Oh
my fucking God!
I can't believe that! I can't believe
what you just did to me; that was fucking... Fuck that was just fucking
unbelievable..."
"Felt
good, huh?"
"Oh
fuck, man... What'd you do to me?" He panted.
"This."
I
started slowly moving my cock again, out of his ass, and then slowly back in.
"Oh
fuck, dude! Michael!! Please! Oh my God..."
I
just smiled down at him. I wanted mine too.
I
continued just slowly sliding my cock in and out of his ass, watching it. I was
getting really close, between watching his orgasm and feeling his ass treat my
dick like it was in a vice, my balls were pretty much up in my stomach and I
was ready. I just had to coax it out. I started fucking him again, steadily,
for another two or three minutes, watching the look of pleading on his face for
me to stop. I finally pulled my cock out of his ass, grabbed it in my fist and
started jacking off. I knew I was really close. I jacked my cock six or seven
times and felt the load shooting up from my balls. I gripped hard just as the
feeling started, then let go when I knew it was there. I yelled out.
"Oh
fucking hell! Here it comes, baby!
Arrrggghhh!!"
The
first volley came flying out much like Jake's had, arcing through the air, but
not quite making it over his head. Instead, it landed on his forehead, splattering
and running down across his eyes onto his face. I was glad to see he'd had the
good sense to close his eyes when he saw it heading straight for him. The
second one shot out, arced almost as well as the first and landed on his neck.
The third one was right on its ass, flying out and landing with a splat on his
stomach. At this point I grabbed my dick and shoved it back in Jake's ass. I
wanted to get some inside of him. My balls contracted again when they felt the
pressure on my cock and belched out three more times. I was completely spent. I
was still standing, but I wanted to just drop down onto Jake, but I didn't want
to hurt him. I left my dick in his ass for a few seconds while I recovered,
then I slowly pulled it out. I watched my dick slide out of Jake's ass and then
I looked up at him. He was completely covered in our jizz. I smirked once then
smiled at him.
"Don't
smirk at me, fucker; you did this." He smiled.
"I'm
sorry... I really am, but you should see yourself; you look like you were the
pivot man in a bukake orgy." I couldn't help it, I laughed at my own joke.
"Fuck
you! You have to clean me up, fucker."
He
was smiling though, so I wasn't too worried about it. We both started laughing.
When we got settled down, I walked around to the side of the couch and got on
my knees next to him.
"Close
your eyes."
He
did and I began licking the mess off his eyes and forehead. It tasted great so I
just continued cleaning his whole face; his cum mixed with mine made for a
really good cocktail. I only did his face and then lifted my head up, smacking
my lips. He opened his eyes and grinned at me.
"You
like?"
"Mmm
Hmm. Want some?"
"Not
really, no; I'll wait until they bottle it."
I
smiled at him.
"Your loss, but OK."
He smirked and
grinned at me.
I
looked down at him. "So..., was it OK for you? Did you enjoy it?"
He
looked up at me with a "what the fuck do you think" look on his face. "You're
joking, right? That was the most intense thing I've ever experienced in my
life. I thought I was speaking in tongues for awhile. My ass has this kinda
glow happening inside of it. So yeah, it was `ok' and I enjoyed it. Jeez dude,
you just fucked my brains out and made me cum so hard I almost passed out. It
was fucking incredible!!" He smiled up at me.
I
smiled.
"Just checkin'.
I don't like having any
unhappy customers; definitely want you coming back for more."
"I'd
better be your only fucking customer. I'm not sharing with anyone, and I've
been trained how to kill
your
other customers." He
grinned at me.
"You're
it, baby! I have the best, why would I need anyone else? I'm glad you liked it;
I wanted it to be the best it could be for you."
"Fuck,
man, it was better than any wet dream I've ever had. I not only liked it, I
fuckin' loved it. I hold you responsible though; I think you turned me into a
fucking power bottom, you perv."
"What
do you know about power bottoms?"
"I
watch porn... Even a 20 year old needs a little visual help once in a while."
He grinned at me.
"Sweet!"
I laughed. "You can be my power bottom anytime you want, baby. I still want you
to fuck me though; I love having you inside of me. Now you know what I was
talking about, huh?"
He
laughed at my use of `sweet'. "I know exactly what you're talking about now.
But no, I'm not giving up your ass, stud. I love being inside of you; it's so
intense. But yeah, you're gonna be required to fuck my ass at least once a day.
Better start takin' your vitamins, baby."
"Never
leave home without them. Are you legs ready to get you off that couch and carry
you to the bathroom for a much needed shower?"
"You're
not gonna carry me?"
"Yeah,
right; like I could under the best of circumstances. I don't have the strength
or the energy..."
"Ahhhhhh...
OK, I'll get myself up. Stand aside!"
I
smirked at him but got up and stood aside, then reached my hand down to help
him up. He jumped right up, the fucker; those damn legs of his were
indestructible. We walked to the bathroom, him leading the way to clean
ourselves up. We finished our shower, with me "cleaning" him out with the
shower massage; saves time. We went back to the bedroom to get ready for bed.
He was standing naked in the doorway, looking out into the living room and then
turned to me.
"You're
a slob. Look at all those clothes just thrown all over the room."
I
stood beside him, holding his ass in my right hand and looked.
"Yep."
I
patted his ass and turned around to get in bed. He laughed, turned off the
ceiling light and came cannon-balling into bed; I was glad I hadn't got in yet.
I'd love to have half of his energy. Someone knocked on the wall. We both
giggled, Jake with his hand to his mouth and I called out `sorry'. We finally
got into bed. I reached over him and grabbed the phone, pulling it over his
body. I called the front desk and cancelled my wake-up call; we didn't need it
this time. I hung up the phone and put it back on the nightstand, turned off
the lamp and then leaned down over Jake's face and put a serious lip lock on
him. We kissed for at least a minute before I pulled my head away, looking into
his eyes.
"Thank
you."
"You
are welcome, Sir!"
I
giggled and then snuggled down into the pillow he had his head on, threw my
right arm over his body and nuzzled up to him.
"I
love you."
"I
love you more."
"Goodnight
Marine."
"Goodnight
Perv."
I
laughed and pulled myself closer to him and was soon asleep.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 6 (Chapter 13)

Chapter
6: Don't Ask  Don't Tell
The
phone was ringing somewhere in the distance but I was too far gone to care.
Eventually it stopped and I heard Jake's voice say hello. The next thing I knew
there were lips on my right nipple.
Mmmm.
Now I
remember where I'm at. I slowly opened my eyes and looked down. I could see a
fuzzy head moving around on my chest. I reached up with my hand and started
rubbing my fingers through the fuzz. I heard a soft moan and the head popped up
and I was looking into the eyes of my man.
He
looked at me and smiled. "Good morning, Mikey."
"It
is now... Good morning, sexy boy."
I
stretched a little and he took the opportunity to lay his leg over mine and
bring his head up to my neck. He started licking my neck, laying little kisses
on it, then nibbling on my ear. I moaned again. I reached around and started
running my hand slowly over a warm ass cheek.
"How'd
you sleep, baby?"
He
whispered in my ear. "Hard..." Then I felt his lips evolve into a big grin.
I
smiled. "You seem to have woken up the same way."
He
giggled. "I can't help it, I'm just a horny boy; what's your excuse?"
"I
have a horny boy laying on me licking my neck. Do we get to do this all day?"
He
kissed my neck one last time and popped his head back up. "I wish, but I think
we might have to get up."
"We
are up." I smiled then lifted my head up to kiss him. I broke the kiss and
lightly swatted the ass cheek I'd been rubbing. "I gotta pee but you made it
kind of difficult for me; what're you gonna do about it?"
"It's
not my fault, I haven't touched him; you're on your own." He leered down at me.
"Gee
thanks."
I
gave him a quick kiss then extricated myself from under him and sat up on the
edge of my side of the bed. Behind me I heard, "Ahhhhh..." I smiled to myself
then stood up and turned around. He looked so good lying there in the bed I
just wanted to attack him, but we really did have to get moving.
"Get
up! Let's take this to the shower."
He
got a huge grin on his face and jumped out of bed and started walking to the
bathroom, wiggling his ass at me on the way.
When
I walked into the bathroom he already had his underwear off and was adjusting
the water. He wasn't lying; he is just a horny boy. I walked up behind him and
pushed my crotch into the crack of his ass. He yelped.
"Hey,
watch where you point that thing!"
"I
was watching where I was pointing it."
He
giggled then stepped into the shower. I dropped my/his underwear and followed
him in. We played and washed and pissed through half hard dicks while we were
in there, finally getting rinsed off and ready to start the day. We were back
in the bedroom, dry and both standing naked looking at each other. I winked at
him and he smiled. Then he walked over to my suitcase and started rummaging
around. I just looked at him going through my stuff. I really didn't care, but
it had taken me a little by surprise. He finally stood up holding a black jock
strap and a pair of white boxer-briefs. He grinned at me then tossed me the
boxer-briefs. I laughed and then watched him slip the jock onto his body. I
just kind of stood there transfixed while he pulled it up his legs and then
tucked his balls and dick into the pouch. Then he reached behind himself and
adjusted the straps on his ass. He looked up and noticed me watching him.
"See
something you like?"
"Everything."
He
smiled at me and pointed at my growing cock and the underwear I was holding.
"Get
dressed you perv. I'm hungry and there's food downstairs."
"Yes
Sir!"
I
pulled the underwear on and then put the jeans on that I'd worn yesterday. I
did put a clean shirt on, but I had a limited number of clothes with me and I
didn't think it would kill me to wear the same jeans two days in a row. While I
was getting dressed I was also watching him put his cammo's back on. It was
almost as much fun watching him
dress
as it was to
watch him undress. I had finished dressing and had my shoes on while he was
lacing and tying his boots. I was watching him again and when he stood up and
smoothed everything out I just let out a low, `Fuck me...'
He
looked over at me grinning. "I already did; last night."
"Smart
ass.
Your turn is coming, baby."
He
grinned even more.
"Promises, promises.
Let's go eat!"
We
headed out the door and took the elevator downstairs. Either I wasn't as
paranoid or it was because of the different uniform he was wearing, but it
didn't seem like as many people were watching us. We ate like starving men
again, had a couple cups of coffee each and just talked quietly. We finished
breakfast and made it back up to the room to get ready to leave. He saw my new
phone sitting on the desk charging and starting touching the screen and running
through menus and stuff. I figured out he was looking for the phone number. He
managed to get both of our numbers programmed into the other's phone and handed
me mine. Then he kind of sheepishly took my old phone out of his pocket and
handed it to me.
"I
forgot I had it; sorry."
"No
worries. I'm gonna carry both until you program all the numbers into my new one
and teach me how to use it."
"OK.
Do you know how to answer the new one for when I call you?"
"No."
He
stood right next to me and then used his phone to call mine. It started ringing
and he pointed to the screen and told me to just push on the button and say
hello.
I
pushed the button and lifted the phone to my ear. "Horny boy hotel, how can I
help you?"
He
just started laughing, bumped his hip into me and called me a perv again.
We
finished fucking around with the phones and got ready to take him back to the
base. We got down to the parking garage and got in the car. Before I had a
chance to put my seatbelt on he reached over, grabbed my head and pulled me
into a really hot kiss. We kissed and licked and moaned into each other's mouth
for about five minutes, and then he just sat back and put his seatbelt on. I
was breathless trying to understand what had just happened.
"Wow!"
I said breathlessly.
He
looked at me and grinned. "It has to last me all day so I wanted to make it a
good one."
"Mission
accomplished. Damn..."
I
put my seatbelt on and started the car and we headed out to the base. When we
got there we didn't pull off on the side of the road this time, we just went up
to the gate; but as I was getting ready to turn in, he squeezed my right hand.
"I
love you." He let go of my hand and started to take his seatbelt off.
"I
love you too." I managed to get out before he was opening the door.
He
turned to look at me, smiled and then got out of the car. He closed the door
and walked over to the guard shack to show his ID. There was yet another little
hottie working it. Jake turned away from the guard shack, looked at me and gave
me an evil grin, then mouthed the word "perv" at me. I just laughed and made my
turn around the shack to get back to the road.
I
didn't have quite as much to do today, but I still needed to get started. I
drove back to the hotel and started making phone calls. I did some work on the
computer and got a few more business things setup to transfer to Germany. When
I finally noticed the time it was only about nine thirty. My day wasn't going
to badly so far; Jake's, on the other hand, had turned to shit really quickly.
Jake's
office that he shared with a PFC:
A
tall, muscular Sergeant walked into the office and bellowed. "Harrison! Come
with me!"
"Yes
Sergeant!" Jake barked out and jumped up from his chair.
He
followed the Sergeant out of the office and down the hall. They walked through a
door and were outside. The Sergeant just kept walking, maintaining a pretty
quick pace, Jake right behind him. They got to another door and went inside;
they were in a gym. The Sergeant walked across the room to the other side and
then stopped when they reached an empty office. He opened the door to the
office and let Jake in ahead of him. He followed Jake into the office, slammed
the door shut, then grabbed Jake by the shirt and slammed him up against the
wall.
"Faggot!
What the fuck are you doing in the Marine Corps!? The Corps isn't for sissy,
fucking faggots!"
Jake
was trembling, but managed to maintain a standing position and a little
bravado.
"I
don't know what the fuck you're talking about, Sergeant!"
The
Sergeant slammed him up against the wall again. "I'm talking about you,
cocksucker! You're a fucking faggot! I saw you last night in town. You were
walking with your daddy, holding fucking hands!
Sissy
faggot!"
Jake
was trembling even more now, and really didn't know what to say. He was busted,
there was no way he could deny what the Sergeant had seen.
"Yeah!
Cat got your tongue, cocksucker!? You can't deny it, can you, fucking faggot!?"
"I...
I..." Jake tried.
"Shut
the fuck up, cocksucker! There's nowhere to run, sissy boy! You have any idea what
we do with faggot cocksuckers where I come from? We take `em out to the lake
and fucking beat the fag right out of `em!"
Jake
was scared shitless but he was also feeling the rage building up inside of him.
He'd been dreading this moment since the day he'd joined the Marines, but he
wasn't going to let anyone treat him like a bitch; even this big ass Sergeant.
He was breathing heavily and the rage was building. He reached his hands up
between him and the Sergeant and shoved the other man off.
"Get
the fuck off me!!! I don't know what your fucking problem is but keep your
fucking hands off me, motherfucker!!"
The
Sergeant was surprised for a second, but then he just started laughing at Jake.
"Ooooo,
the little bitch boy has some balls! Come on little bitch boy, show me what you
got! I like a faggot that has some fight in him; it makes it more fun to kick
his fucking ass!"
Jake,
shaking with rage, screamed at him, "Fuck You!! I might get my fucking ass
kicked, but I sure the fuck ain't goin' down without a fight, you sorry
motherfucker!"
"Well
come on! Come on, bitch! Show me what the faggot boy has! You don't want to
fucking fight me, you just want to suck my fucking dick!
Bitch!"
"Fuck
you, asswipe! Suck your own fucking dick! You ain't man enough for me!
Stupid motherfucker!"
Jake
wasn't screaming anymore, but he was still yelling pretty loudly. Unknown to
either of them a Sergeant Major had walked into the gym and heard the last few
comments they'd both made. He made his way over to the office, trying to stay
hidden from them.
"Fuck
you, bitch boy! I don't want
no
fuckin' faggot
anywhere near my dick. That liberal pussy in the White House might like you
queer boys hangin' on his dick, but I'm a real man. The Corps is going to shit
letting all you queer faggot boys join up. You all need to be taken out and
fucking shot!"
The
Sergeant wasn't laughing anymore; he was starting to move closer to where Jake
was standing.
"Stay
the fuck away from me you sorry motherfucker! You're the one that needs to be
taken out and fucking shot! Back the fuck away from me, asshole!"
The
Sergeant reached out and slapped Jake hard across the face. Just then the
Sergeant Major yanked the door open.
"What
the fuck is going on in here!?"
The
Sergeant snapped to attention. Jake was still stunned from the slap and was
leaning back against the wall.
The
Sergeant barked out.
"Sergeant Major!
Nothing,
Sergeant Major!
Just having a chat with Lance Corporal
Harrison, Sergeant Major!"
"Bullshit!
Don't even try it, Sergeant! I heard what you were saying to the Lance
Corporal, and I also saw you strike him. What the fuck do you think you're
doing?"
"Sergeant
Major!
I was teaching the Lance Corporal how to be a
Marine, Sergeant Major!"
The
Sergeant Major snorted. "You've gotta be fucking kidding me! You really expect
me to buy that line of horse shit, Sergeant? What the fuck is your problem? The
Lance Corporal was right, you are a stupid motherfucker!"
"Sergeant
Major!
The Lance Corporal is a fucking queer and I was
letting him know what the Corps thought about queers in its ranks, Sergeant
Major!"
"Sergeant,
I think now would be a good time for you to shut the fuck up. Stand aside!" The
Sergeant snapped back to attention and stood aside. The Sergeant Major looked
over at Jake. "You OK, Lance Corporal?"
"Yes,
Sergeant Major. Face stings like a motherfucker, but I'm OK."
The
Sergeant Major smiled at Jake's comment and nodded at him. He turned to the
desk and grabbed the phone, dialed a three digit number and spoke to the
Corporal on the other end.
"Corporal
Jackson, this is Sergeant Major Mitchell. I want two MP's sent to the gym,
double time!" He hung up the phone and turned back to the Sergeant. "Sergeant,
you fucked up. You have been a pain in my ass for the last eight months, and I
knew one day you'd hang yourself. I'm just glad I was the one that busted you.
I sure hope you enjoyed your stay in the Corps, because as of right now your
career is over."
"But
Sergeant Major, he's the one that's a fucking queer. He's the one that should
be kicked out. I didn't do anything wrong; I was just protecting the Corps,
Sergeant Major!" He was glaring at Jake the whole time he was talking.
"God
save the Corps from men like you, Sergeant! I don't give a fuck what you
thought you were doing; but to intimidate and strike a fellow Marine? Are you
out of your fucking mind? That is not acceptable behavior under any
circumstances!"
Jake
could hear the two MPs crash the door open and come running across the gym.
When they got to the office the Sergeant Major pointed to the Sergeant.
"Arrest
that man and take him to the brig."
The
two MP's walked over to the Sergeant, turned him around, brought his hands
behind him and put the cuffs on. As they were walking with him out of the office,
the Sergeant turned to Jake and started yelling again.
"Fucking
faggot!
I should've killed you when I had the chance! You
fucking cock sucking faggot!"
The
two MP's looked over at Jake and then jerked the Sergeant out of the office and
walked him out of the gym.
Jake
was still leaning up against the wall, trying to absorb all that had happened,
trying to understand the hatred he'd seen in the other man's eyes. He just
looked over at the Sergeant Major with a questioning gaze.
The
Sergeant Major smiled at Jake. "I don't know, son, I guess it takes all kinds.
The Sergeant has some serious issues he needs to deal with. Are you sure you're
OK? You look like you're still a bit shaken. Take a seat in that chair, son,
before you fall over."
Jake
nodded at the Sergeant Major and sat down in the chair. The Sergeant Major took
the chair across from Jake and exhaled loudly. Jake looked over at him.
"Hell
of a thing, Lance Corporal. Are you ready to tell me what exactly went on
here?"
Jake
nodded and started speaking. "I was sitting at my desk and the Sergeant walked
in and told me to follow him. I got up and followed him outside, and then we
walked across the quad to the gym. We got in here and walked over here to the
office. He opened the door and let me come in first, then slammed the door
behind us and grabbed my shirt and slammed me against the wall. Then he started
yelling at me and calling me a fag. Said he'd seen me last night in town. Said
I didn't belong in the Corps. Then he shoved me against the wall again and I
just started getting really pissed so I shoved him off of me and told him not
to touch me. He started laughing at me, saying that he liked `em to fight back,
that it made it more fun. I just started screaming at him to shut the fuck up
and stay away from me. Then I guess you pretty much heard and saw the rest of
it." Jake exhaled when he finished.
"Well,
Lance Corporal... What's your name anyway, son?"
"Jake
Harrison, Sergeant Major."
"Well
Jake, the Sergeant apparently has a serious weed up his ass about gay people
and decided you'd be a good target to take his anger out on. I wasn't allowed
to ask this a few months ago, but I am now; are you gay, Jake?"
"Yes
Sir..."
The
Sergeant Major nodded. "So when he said he'd seen you in town, can I assume he saw
you with someone?"
"Yes
Sir..."
"Don't
call me sir, Jake."
"Sorry
Sir. Uh, Sergeant Major."
"Well
there will be a court marshal for the Sergeant and you will be required to
testify since you're the primary witness, and the victim. The good news is that
since the repeal nothing will happen to you or your career, officially. The bad
news, maybe, is that it will become common knowledge that you're gay; word
spreads fast around a military base. You gonna be able to handle that, son?"
"Now
that I know what to expect I can handle most anything they can dish out. They
can't all be as crazy as the Sergeant." Jake smiled a little.
"I
wouldn't count too highly on that, Jake; there's some in every crowd. I will do
whatever I can to keep you safe, but in the end you're gonna have to face it.
Like I said, the Marines has no comment about your being gay, it's just the
other men that might."
Jake
shuddered a little. "I guess I'll just have to deal with it when it happens.
Off the record, I'm a scrappy little fucker and I won't just stand by and be
treated with disrespect."
The
Sergeant Major smiled at Jake. "Good to hear it, Jake. Now get yourself squared
away and get back to your duty station."
"Yes,
Sergeant Major." They both stood and walked out of the office leading to the
outside door. Jake was following behind.
"Sergeant
Major?"
He
stopped and turned around. "Yes?"
"What
about you? What're your feelings about it?"
The
Sergeant Major looked at Jake for a few seconds before he spoke, appraising
him.
"My
oldest son came out to me four years ago. I've had time to get used to the
whole thing. I have no problems with it. My son is still my son, and I love him
no matter what; and you're still your parent's son, no matter what."
Jake
nodded and they continue out of the gym. When Jake got back to his office, his
office-mate was dying with curiosity about what the hell had been going on.
He'd heard that a Sergeant had been arrested, and Jake had been missing for
about fifteen minutes. He jumped out of his chair when Jake walked into the
room.
"Jake!
What the fuck is going on around here? Where've you been?" Then he got a better
look at the look on Jake's face. "Hey bud, are you alright?"
"I'm
OK, Kevin. I just had a little run-in with a certain Sergeant."
"Well
what the fuck happened? I saw the Sergeant take you out of here, but I figured
he was just being his usual dick self."
Jake
sighed. Here we go, he thought. "He took me over the gym to beat the crap outta
me."
"What!?
What the fuck for, man? What're you talking about?" Kevin was getting excited.
Jake
paused a few seconds, trying to figure out how to say it. "To `beat the queer
outta me' he told me." He looked straight into Kevin's eyes when he said it.
"What
the fuck are you talking about, to beat the queer outta you?"
"He
said he saw me in town last night, and apparently he didn't like who I was
with." Jake was still looking at Kevin.
Kevin
was starting to clue in to what Jake had just said. "You were with a guy?"
"Yes,
I was."
"So,
is he ugly or something? Why would the Sergeant not like who you were with?"
Kevin asked, kind of dim-witted.
Jake
laughed. "No, fuck stick. He didn't like that I was with a guy at all. He just
started screaming in my face, calling me a cocksucker and queer and faggot,
over and over again. Then he told me he was going to kick my ass, and that I
should be taken out and shot."
Kevin
sat on the edge of his desk, beginning to digest what Jake had just told him.
"Fuck, man... That's really fucked up; what'd you do?"
"I
shoved him away from me and told him I wasn't going down without a fight. Then
I started screaming at him telling him what a stupid motherfucker he is. We
were just yelling back and forth at each other. We hadn't noticed that the
Sergeant Major had walked into the gym and was listening to the whole thing.
Then the stupid bitch took a cheap shot at me and slapped me. That's when the
Sergeant Major yanked the door open."
"Fuck,
dude! All kinds of drama and I missed it; figures. Are you OK?"
"My
face still stings, but yeah, I'm OK." Jake looked over at Kevin with a lopsided
grin, still wondering about the fallout that might come next.
"That
is just too fucked up, dude! So I guess that must've been the Sergeant that I'd
heard had been arrested."
"Yep.
The S.M. called the MPs and had them take dipshit off to jail. The stupid
motherfucker was still yelling and threatening me as they took him out of
there. The S.M. told me there was going to be a court marshal and I would have
to testify. Things are going to get interesting around here very soon." Jake
sighed.
"Whadda
you mean?"
Jake
sighed again. "I would guess that by the end of the day everybody on this base
is going to know that I'm queer."
Kevin
smiled at Jake. "Fuck `em! If they don't like it they can go to another base.
And not queer, dude; just a little bent."
Jake
laughed. "Gee thanks. So I guess you don't have a problem working with a fag?"
"Just
don't try to kiss me and we'll get along fine." Kevin saw the look on Jake's
face and laughed. "Well... Maybe on the cheek, but that's it; any tongue would
make my girlfriend jealous." He laughed some more.
"Shut
up, fucker... Thanks, man, I appreciate the support." Jake smiled and Kevin
smiled back at him.
"I
got your back, dude! You're my bud; anyone fucks with you, they fuck with me."
Jake smiled at him again. "So... Jakey has a boyfriend, huh?"
Jake
just groaned. "Shut up... Oh man... You're gonna give me shit about this, huh?"
"Oh,
HELL yeah... I gotta hear this. Besides, when I tell my girl about it, she's
gonna want details and if I don't have any she gets all pouty. Don't worry,
man, I'm your friend and I love ya, so just spit it out."
Jake
groaned again. "Fuck... What do you want to know?"
"Everything,
dude; spill it! Besides, I already know his name, it's Mike." Jake looked at
him incredulously and he just grinned at him. "The phone call you got
yesterday, on his cell phone even. I hadn't seen you light up like that since
I've know you. So spill it."
"And
you weren't even gonna tell me you knew?"
"I
can't do that, man; it's up to you to tell anyone. Keep talkin'."
"Fine.
I met him on the train coming back from my R & R in Berlin. I'd lost my
return ticket and he bought me a new one, first class even, and had me put in
his compartment. We talked the entire way back and just really hit it off. By
the time we reached Sindelfingen I was falling in love with him and him with
me. We've spent the last four days together from the time I leave here until I
get back."
"That's
it!? No dirty details?"
Jake
laughed, "Fuck you! I'm not giving out dirty details about my sex life."
"I
tell you all of mine!"
"Yeah,
about that..." Jake started laughing.
"Laugh
it up, fucker; I know where you live."
"Maybe
so, but I'm never there anymore, so now what?"
"You
have a good point there, dude. Well then you and I are having lunch together
and you're going to spill your heart out. Besides, we gotta do some damage
control before anything gets outta hand." Kevin looked at Jake and grinned
knowing he had him by the short hairs.
"OK.
Lunch it is." Jake sighed again.
"What's
wrong, dude? I'm not gonna take your lunch from ya. Cheer up!"
"You're
not fast enough to take my lunch from me. It's not that, I'm wondering if I should
tell Mike about this. He's gonna freak. Maybe I'll just keep it my little
secret."
"Not
a good plan, dude. I learned a long time ago, keeping shit from your other half
will come back and bite you hard in the ass every time. And even though you
probably like your ass being bitten, I'd warn against it."
"Fuck
you. Leave my ass outta this. But you might have a good point about telling
Mike. I'll think it over."
"Oooo,
someone a little sensitive down there?"
Kevin started
laughing again.
"Fuck
off, dude! It's not funny. And no, it's not."
"Yeah,
whatever... Hey dude, we should get back to work before someone important walks
in here. We'll talk more at lunch, OK?"
"OK."
They
both sat back at their desks and started working. Jake was having a little
trouble concentrating but the time managed to move forward. It was now 1140 and
there was only twenty more minutes until lunch. Kevin had just walked back in
from the copy room and sat at his desk when a full Major walked into their
office. They jumped up out of their chairs, came to attention and saluted.
The
Major returned the salute. "At ease, gentlemen." He looked at Kevin. "Private,
make
yourself
scares for a few minutes. And close the
door on your way out."
Kevin
saluted smartly and left the office, closing the door behind him. Jake was
still ramrod straight and nervous as hell.
"I
said `at ease', Lance Corporal." Jake assumed an `at ease' but still very
straight stance. "Take a seat." Jake sat immediately and the Major walked
around to Kevin's chair and sat down. He looked over at Jake. "Relax, Jake. I'm
just here to get your version of the events at the gym; no judgment on my part,
I just want to hear your story."
"Yes
Sir."
Jake
started talking and relayed the entire story to the Major, leaving absolutely nothing
out. When he was finished he exhaled and then sighed.
"Relax,
Jake. Sergeant Major Mitchell relayed to me the exact same story, and also your
conversation afterwards. I've served with the Sergeant Major for almost twenty
years and I've watched that boy of his grow up; and I love him as if he were
mine own." Jake looked up at him. "Yeah, I know about him, of course. A court
martial has been scheduled for one week from today; you will need to be there
as a witness. Sergeant McCafferty went way over the line; I will not tolerate
that kind of behavior in my command. He's nothing but a homophobe and a bigot
and the Corps will be much better off without him. Do you have any questions?"
Jake
looked at the Major nervously. "What kind of fall-out can I expect once word
gets out?"
"Absolutely
none!
Officially.
And I hate to
be the bearer of bad news, son, but word's out already. McCafferty was still
spouting off as they took him across the quad; a lot of people heard him. You
might think about finding out
who
your true comrades
are and run a little damage control. I'm also going to pass the word along that
I have an absolute zero tolerance policy regarding this issue; not using your
name of course, but I think we both know everyone will know who I'm talking
about. You will get through this, son. There's always some kind of new
scuttlebutt about once a week; pretty soon you'll be old news."
"Thank
you, Sir."
The
Major stood up and Jake popped up like he had springs on his ass.
"When
you walk out of this office today, son, you damn well better hold your head up
high. You are a United States Marine; don't ever let anyone tell you
differently."
He
held his hand out to Jake and they shook hands. Jake was beaming. The Major let
go of Jake's hand and saluted him; Jake returning the salute immediately. The
Major turned, opened the door and walked out of the office.
Less
than thirty seconds later Kevin was back in his chair, pumping Jake with more
questions. They talked until lunch time and left for the chow hall. Jake made
sure to look everybody in the eye as they walked down the corridor and out
across the parade grounds. When they got in line at the chow hall several
people turned and looked in their direction. Jake just started talking to
Kevin, ignoring them. They got their food and sat down at the table they always
sat at, with their other buddies, and started eating lunch. To a man, all of
Jakes companions said they had his back. Apparently Kevin had been busy while
Jake was talking to the Major. About five minutes into the meal Jake saw a
shadow getting closer to him and tensed up. Jake looked up at the man standing
there. It was a Corporal by the name of Hutchin's. Jake had seen him around,
but didn't really know him.
"Harrison...
Glad to see you found a way to finally get rid of that son of a bitch,
McCafferty." He nodded and walked away.
Jake
just let out the breath he'd been holding and his buddies all started laughing.
The guys all relaxed a little and enjoyed the rest of their lunch, all of them
giving Jake shit about having a new boyfriend.
When
they'd finished their lunch and put their trays back, Jake was the last one out
of the door. When he opened it and walked outside there was a cute, Mexican PFC
standing just
beside
the railing. He nodded at Jake.
"I
don't know any gay guys, and I really got no particular use for one, but you're
a Marine brother and I'd fight beside you any day."
The
PFC nodded again, Jake nodding back, and he walked off. Jake stood there a
little dumbfounded.
Kevin
walked up to him. "You OK? What'd he do, ask you out?"
Jake
looked at Kevin and grinned. "No, fuck stick, he didn't ask me out. He told me
he'd fight beside me any day." Kevin just grinned at Jake.
"See,
it's going to be OK. We got your back, brother."
He
clapped Jake on the back and pulled him with him to join the others. When they
got to the other side of the parade ground, the other guys all went one way and
Jake and Kevin went another. They were headed towards a picnic table under a
big oak tree that they always hung out at after lunch. Just as they sat down,
the blond hottie from the front guard shack,
Sean,
walked up to them.
"Hey
guys! How's it goin'?"
Jake
looked at him. "Been better, but OK; how `bout you?"
"Doin'
OK. Why `been better'? What's goin' on?"
"It's
a long story, dude. I'm surprised you haven't heard it already."
Sean
smiled. "Oh, you mean you and Sergeant Fuckface? Don't sweat it, dude. I think
everyone around here is so thrilled he's finally leaving you just might become
company hero."
Jake
just looked at Sean, "Yeah, whatever... The company fag maybe..."
Sean
looked a little offended. "Don't say shit like that, dude! That's fucked up.
Who gives a fuck if you like dick instead of pussy? It's no big deal. Hell, I
let a couple of guys go down on me when I was in high school; and to be honest
they were the two best blow jobs I've ever had." He grinned at Jake.
Jake
and Kevin started laughing. Kevin looked at Sean.
"Dude!!
Do you really want to go around admitting that kinda shit? Damn! You're gonna
have guys lining up around the quad waitin' for poor Jakey here." Then he
busted up laughing.
Jake
turned to Kevin. "Shut the fuck up, fuck stick! Jesus! Can't even get respect
from my friends around here." Sean and Kevin were still laughing. Jake was
grinning.
Kevin
finally calmed down. "Ah, don't get your jock in a knot; you know we love ya."
Sean
chimed in. "Yeah, brother, we love ya, don't sweat the small stuff. It's the really
big cocks you have to sweat over."
He
and Kevin started laughing even harder. After a few moments they noticed that
Jake was smiling, but not really laughing with them.
Sean
touched Jake's shoulder. "Hey man, we're just jokin' around a little. We're
sorry if we went too far. Dead serious though; you're our brother and we love
you."
Jake
nodded at him, then looked at both of them, "I love you guys too. Semper Fi!"
They all touched knuckles and yelled out at the same time, "Semper Fi!"
Sean
touched Jake's shoulder again.
"Hey Jake?
So is the
guy that picks you up in the Benz your boyfriend?"
Jake
turned his head to Sean. "Yeah... His name is Mike."
"Cool.
Well I'll probably see him this afternoon; I've got the duty again."
Kevin
chimed in. "First class train tickets and cruisin' a Benz. So what, is this guy
a trust fund baby or something?"
"No,
Kev, he's not a trust fund baby. He's forty years old and owns his own
business."
"Damn,
I heard about finding an older woman to teach you the things you needed to
know, but didn't know it worked for guys too."
Jake
looked sharply at Kevin. "Kevin... Don't. Age has nothing to do with it."
"Sorry...
I didn't mean anything by it."
"I
know.
Just...
It's OK, dude, I'm just stressed."
Sean
patted Jake's shoulder again. "Don't stress out, dude. It's gonna be OK. And
stop givin' our boy shit, Kev. I've seen Mike, and not that I notice guys or
nothin' but he's actually kind of a stud. And don't ever tell anyone I used
those words, fucker."
Jake
got a huge smile on his face and Kevin started laughing again. Sean turned a
little red.
Jake
looked at Sean. "It'll never leave this group." He looked directly at Kevin,
"WILL IT, Kevin?"
"Never
man.
Never.
What happens in
Vegas,
stays in Vegas."
Sean
nodded at both of them. "Well dudes, we've only got five minutes left so I'm
gonna blaze. Keep it loose. Jake, I'll see you tonight at the gate; stay tuff,
bud.
And Kev?
What can I say?" Sean shook his head
slowly from side to side. Jake smirked, then they all tapped knuckles and Sean
walked off.
Kevin
and Jake got up and started walking back to their office. Kevin touched Jake's
shoulder when they got to the door of the building. Jake turned and looked at
him.
"Hey,
you know I was just joking, right? I'd never do or say anything to
intentionally hurt you, man."
"I
know, Kev. Don't worry about it. Like I said, I'm just stressed. It's been one
fucked up day so far and I'm a little on edge."
He
held his hand up and bumped knuckles with Kevin and smiled at him, then held
the door for him to walk in. They got back to their office and just tried to
get through the rest of the day without any more drama. The day managed to
continue to drag along; they both were pretty busy and that helped a lot. Jake
laid his pen down, stretched and then looked at the new watch on his wrist to
see what time it was. 1653.  Phew! Thank God this day was almost over he
thought to
himself
.
To
his left he heard Kevin whistle softly. "Fuck, man, that's a kick ass watch!
When did you get that? I didn't see it yesterday."
Jake
looked over at him and blushed just a little. "Mike gave it to me last night."
"He
has damn good taste, man... What is it, a Rolex?"
"No,
it's not a fucking Rolex, jeez. It's an Omega."
Kevin
whistled again. "Fuck, dude, that's just as good. Fuck, James Bond wears one of
those."
Jake
just started laughing at the reference to James Bond. "Damn, dude, chill. It's
just some watch he bought at a department store. James Bond... Jeez."
Kevin
asked Jake what it said on the front of his watch. Jake told him `Seamaster
Professional' and Kevin started typing quickly on his computer. He got the
results, picked a page and put it up on the screen.
"Look
at this, fuck stick, and then tell me it's just a watch from a department
store."
Jake
got up and walked over to Kevin's desk to look at the monitor. He saw the price
and was speechless.
"He
didn't buy that watch at no fuckin' department store, dude; they're only available
at jewelry stores." Kevin looked up to see the look on Jake's face. Jake looked
down at Kevin, his eyes tearing up.
"Holy
crap... Who the fuck spends five grand on a watch?"
Kevin
smack's Jake on the back of the head lightly. "Somebody who loves you does.
Duh!"
"Oh
man..."
Meanwhile,
at the front gate...
I
was just turning into the base and pulled up behind another big, green deuce
and a half. This one had soldiers in the back. They just glanced at me and went
back to their conversation. Damn, I thought to myself, a whole truck load of
prime beef. Driving Jake back and forth to work was turning into pretty good
duty. I looked at the clock on the dash; it read four fifty-five. The truck
pulled forward and I pulled up to the gate. The blond hottie was working here
again today. I rolled my window down as the blond was walking up to the car. He
spoke.
"Hey
Mike! Jake'll be out in about seven or eight minutes I'd guess. You can go
ahead and park in your usual space."
He
looked down at me and smiled. I smiled back at him and said thanks, wondering
what the hell was going on, and why this guy knew me now. I pulled the car
around and backed into `my usual space' and shut the car off. The blond was
back in his shack doing some paperwork, but then he looked over at me and
smiled again. I smiled back. Wow! Something's up.
I
turned the key back on and listened to the radio while I was waiting for Jake
to come out. I just kept glancing at the clock and then I'd glance up at the
blond and back at the clock. About every third time I glanced at the blond he'd
catch me and smile. I'd smile back and go back to watching the clock. About
seven minutes after five I was looking up and spotted Jake sort of
jogging/running up to the gate. He looked great as usual, but he didn't look
great. The stress and worry on his face was just palpable. He stopped at the
guard shack, signed something, bumped knuckles with the blond and walked over
to the car. But he was walking over to the driver's side. I smiled up at him.
He wasn't smiling back. He got to the door, dropped his backpack on the ground
and opened my door.
"Get
out. Please..."
I
could tell he was close to the edge. I un-buckled my seatbelt and got out of
the car. He slammed the door shut and threw his arms around me and started crying.
I just wrapped him in a hug and held on as tight as I could.
"What's
wrong, baby? What's wrong?
It's
gonna be okay, just
hold on to me; it'll be alright."
I
had no idea what had made him distraught enough to not care that he was hugging
me and crying at the front gate to his Marine base, but I knew it had to be
really bad. He took my advice and just held on. I mean I loved having this guy
wrapped around me, but it only seemed to happen when he was terribly upset. We
just stood there next to the car for about five or six minutes with him wrapped
around me, crying and sniffling. He finally got himself under control and
released some of the tension of the hug. I ran my hand up and down his back.
After another minute I slid my hands down along his arms to his elbows and held
him while I stood back from him to look at his face. It was wet, but he gave me
a little smile.
"I'm
sorry. I'm sorry, Michael. I just...  I needed to hold you. I needed to
touch you and I needed to get that out of my system. I'm sorry. I just had the
worst day of my life and all I could think of all day was I needed to be held
by you." He sniffled.
"Baby,
don't ever apologize for a hug; or a melt-down for that matter. That's what I'm
here for; to hold you when you need to be held. To wipe away your tears, tell
you I love you with all my heart and to try to make you feel better." He just
nodded his head. "Feeling a little better?"
He
nodded again and gave me a small smile. We stood there at arm's length for a
couple of more minutes while he brought himself completely under control.
"You
ready to tell me what happened here today?"
"No,
not really... I'll tell you when we get to the hotel; if that's alright with
you."
"Whenever
you're ready baby; we're on your time, you do what you need to do. OK?"
"Yeah,
I'm OK. Well, at least a lot better now." He smiled at me again and reached up
and wiped his face. Then he leaned forward and gave me a small kiss. "Thank you
for being here."
I
smiled back at him.
"Anytime Jake.
Always."
I heard someone walk up behind me.
"Jake!
Hey man, are you OK?" It was the blond hottie.
"Yeah,
Sean, I'm OK; just having a small melt-down, there's nothing to see here." Sean
giggled.
"You
scared me, dude; I was worried about you. I've never seen you lose your grip
before; it was kinda intense. Are you sure you're OK?"
"Sorry,
dude, I really hadn't planned on doing that, it just came out. Yeah, I'm OK.
Thanks for checking on me, man; it means a lot to see you care that much."
"Dude,
please... I told ya, we're your brothers and we love you. Whenever, wherever,
anytime, anyplace; I got your back."
Jake
smiled at him.
"Me too, brother, me too."
Jake
sniffled again. Then I heard Sean sniffle once. Oh man... Two choked up Marines,
and I'd just been kind of standing there as a bystander. Jake looked at me and
grinned a little. I winked at him and he grinned more.
"Well
Jake, I just needed to check on ya; I'll leave you two guys alone."
Jake
jumped. "Wait! Sean! Don't leave yet. I'd like to introduce you to Mike. Sean,
this is Mike, Mike this is Sean." Sean and I smiled at each other. Sean reached
out to shake my hand. I gave him my hand and we shook firmly and warmly.
"Yeah,
we've met a couple of times already. Well sort of... It's great to meet you
officially, Sean. I'm honored. And it's nice to have your real name."
"My
real name...?" I turned crimson immediately. Jake started laughing and Sean just
got a huge grin on his face.
Jake
sort of came to my rescue. "Dude, he refers to you as the `blond hottie'. You
should be flattered; I don't even get that."
Sean
turned a little pink but recovered nicely. "Probably because you're not a blond
hottie, I am." We all laughed. I was still kind of red, but neither of them
seemed to mind.
Sean
got quiet and then looked at me. "Mike, I mean no disrespect whatsoever, but
this boy is my brother and I have to say it. Be good to him. If you ever hurt
him know that there are about twenty Marines that will torture and kill you
without mercy. I don't mean that as a threat; just the opposite; it's to show
you what he means to us. He loves you, so we love you, but don't hurt him."
I
was a bit taken aback, but I was also very proud of this young man for being so
loyal. Jake jumped in before I could speak.
"Sean!!
Don't say shit like that to him. Jeez, dude."
"I
meant every word of it, Jake."
I
jumped in. "Jake, he's right. He had every right to say what he did. Sean, I'm
not the least bit offended. I have the greatest respect for you right now.
You're just looking out for one of your own, and that's what it's about. I
promise you right here, right now that I would never hurt this man. I love him
with all my heart. If the day ever comes that I could cause him pain I will turn
myself over to you."
Sean
nodded. I turned to Jake. "You're a lucky man. These guys love you, care about
you and would die for you or fighting next to you. How many people can say they
have brothers like that? As much as I love you I think these guys just might
love you even more." I turned back to Sean. "Sean, I would be incredibly
honored to be able to call you friend."
Sean
reached up with his hand to shake mine. I clasped his hand in mine. "Like I
said Mike, he loves you, so we love you. But yeah, I would like us to be
friends too."
We
heard someone clear his throat behind us. We turned and my two Marines snapped
to attention, saluted and barked out "Sir!"
"At
ease, gentlemen." The man standing there stuck his hand out to me and
introduced himself. "Major Andrew Benton."
I
shook his hand. "Michael Adler. It's a pleasure to meet you, Major."
"Likewise."
He looked over at Jake. "I heard what Mr. Adler was telling you about your
friends, Jake, and he's right. I told you earlier that your comrades were your
greatest allies right now; trust in them. I watched you leave your office for
lunch today, and goddamn if you didn't have your head held high. You looked
everyone in the eye. I was damn proud of you, Marine. Trust your brothers,
Jake; they will always be there for you. Hell, I have Marine brothers from
twenty years ago that would leave their kids' birthday party if I called and
needed them. The brotherhood lasts forever, Jake." He then turned to Sean.
"PFC
Andersen! Why are you away from your post, Marine?"
Without
missing a beat Sean replied.
"Sir!
I thought my
brother was in distress. I came to offer assistance, Sir!"
"Good
`nuff." The Major turned to me. I almost stood at attention. I think he
noticed; I saw the corner of his mouth twitch into a smile. "At ease, Mr.
Adler..." The two young Marines let a laugh slip out, then the Major looked at
them and they snapped back to attention. He looked back at me. "Mr. Adler, I
don't know if he's told you yet, but there's been a lot of drama around here
today involving the Lance Corporal. I've arranged a 24-hour pass for him. I
expect you to bring me back a happy fuckin' Marine. Do we understand each
other?"
"Yes
Sir!" He smiled.
"Good
`nuff. Mr. Andersen!"
"Sir,
yes Sir!"
"You've
got exactly five minutes to return to your post, Marine. That should leave
enough time for hugs and kisses, and then get your ass back to work.
Understood?"
"Yes
Sir! Thank you Sir!"
"Good
evening, gentlemen."
He
turned and walked back the way he'd snuck up on us. The two young Marines finally
relaxed. This was all a little too much for me; I needed to find out soon what
went down here today. When they were sure the Major was out of earshot, both
Sean and Jake looked at me and grinned. Sean was quicker.
"You
almost stood at attention; it was fuckin' classic!" The two young men started
laughing. I turned a little red.
"Well,
fuck, he's kind of imposing..." I tried to defend myself.
"Kind
of!?"
They both chimed.
"Go
to work, Mr. Andersen. I want outta this loony bin." I laughed.
Sean
turned to Jake.
"Lucky fucker.
A 24-hour pass direct
from the Major. What'd you do to him in that office?"
"Shut
up, fuck stick. I didn't do anything to him. Why, are you jealous?"
I
chimed in. "Maybe not him, but I might be..." I smiled to let him know I was
joking.
Jake
turned crimson. Sean started laughing. I just smiled at both of them.
"Hugs
and kisses guys. I mean no offense, Sean, but I just got 24-hours with my own
blond hottie, and I'm not wasting a minute of it." Sean turned a little pink,
but nodded and smiled at me.
Sean
looked at Jake. "I'd say don't do anything I wouldn't do, but it doesn't apply
here. Take care of yourself, brother; see you in 24 hours." Then he pulled Jake
into a quick, fierce hug. He let Jake go and then looked at me. "Take care of
our boy." Then realizing what that had sounded like, turned red again. I just
winked at him.
"I
will, Sean; in every way!" Sean then walked up to me and hugged me. I hugged
him back. It was a quick hug, and he looked at Jake again.
"Later,
fuck stick."
Later,
tard."
They bumped each other's knuckles and Sean went
back to work.
Jake
picked up his backpack and walked around the car and got in. I shrugged my
shoulders and got in too. We both strapped in, I started the car and pulled out
of `my space' and went around the guard shack. Jake and I both gave Sean a
half-salute; he laughed and waved us off.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 5 (Chapter 14)

Chapter
5: Long Day's Journey into Night.
I
got back into town without getting lost thankfully. I was glad not to have to
figure out that stupid satellite navigation screen. I had an IT degree, but
just using some stupid wheel to turn the heat on or change a radio station had
been daunting, and it seemed like a stupid way to build a car. I couldn't image
the tricks involved in getting it to tell me how to get to where I was going.
Thinking these things gave me pause for a moment. I hadn't realized how set in
my ways and "old school" I had become. Having a 20 year old boyfriend might be
more challenging than just in bed. He loved this new, "cool shit". But I am a
human male and I am adaptable. I decided right then and there that I was going
to learn how to use every aspect of that stupid little wheel before I turned
this car back in. I am a stubborn man and I will make that little silver wheel
my bitch!
Rambling
on in my head about sat-nav and a silver wheel I had missed my turn. Kind of
seemed like poetic justice, at least for the car. I turned right at the next
street so I could go around the block to get back to the street I wanted;
feeling like an idiot the entire time.
While
I was trying to make my way to my street I drove past a cell phone store. I
pulled up to the curb and parked the car. I needed a new cell phone for Jake
and here it was; handy. I walked back the half block to the store and went
inside. A cute, young, blond guy walked up to me and asked me, in German, how
he could be of assistance. I told him I needed a new mobile phone for my
boyfriend. It felt really good saying that. He smiled at me and asked me what
my boyfriend was looking for in a phone. Damn good question I thought to
myself. I told him I wasn't exactly sure, but that he loved gadgets and touch
screens, so he led me over to a cabinet filled with smart phones. He showed me
several of them, but I didn't have a smart phone myself, and had never even
used one, so I had no idea what the hell I was looking at. He showed me an
Apple iPhone 4S. I knew my iPod, and I liked it a lot, plus I remembered
everybody and their brother wanted one of these when they came out, so I
figured this should work out well. I told him I would take it. I picked out a
service plan; we did all the paperwork, ran my credit card, signed several
documents, received my new phone and I was out of there in about an hour.
Now
that I had accomplished a worthwhile task I felt better. I pulled away from the
curb and continued my search back to the street I had originally been aiming
for.  A couple of blocks later and I was back where I needed to be. I was
actually headed back to the hotel. I wanted out of this damn suit and I needed
to call my new business associate and check in with him. I got back to the
hotel within five minutes and got the car parked back in the garage, grabbed
Jake's new phone and headed upstairs. When I got to the lobby I saw my next
door neighbors at the front desk. I really hoped they were checking out, I had
a really difficult time looking them in the eye. They spotted me. Damn! I
walked up to them, smiling and offered them another good morning and asked if
they were out to do some sightseeing. They said no, that they were actually
headed to their next destination  Austria. I felt so relieved. I said it had
been a pleasure to meet them and wished them bon voyage. As I was walking to
the elevator I felt a huge relief. Yeah, go say hi to the Austrian Corporal's
home town; just forget you ever met me.
I
got back in the room and was stripping my suit off as I walked to the bedroom.
I hadn't bothered to notice that the maid was in the room. I'm batting a
thousand today. She called out a greeting to me and I about jumped out of my
skin. I turned around and saw her behind the bar, apparently restocking it and
checking off the bottles of water than had been used. I told her good morning
and asked if she had come across a shirt button by chance. She said she hadn't
but would keep an eye for it, and where I had I seen it last. I told her it was
somewhere on the floor in the bedroom, but I didn't know where because it had
shot across the room. She smiled and nodded. I thanked her and then asked her
if she needed in the bedroom. She said she would be another five or six minutes
in the outer room. I smiled and went into the bedroom and closed the door.
I
finished stripping my suit off and hung it back on the hanger. I was still
wearing Jake's underwear, and had no intention of taking them off today. I sat
down on the bed and pulled his pillow up to my face. I could smell him there;
it intoxicated me. I hugged his pillow to my chest for a couple of minutes,
just breathing in his scent. I set the pillow back on the bed and took some
jeans out of the wardrobe and put them on. I then grabbed a t-shirt and threw
it over my head while looking for my tennis shoes. I wanted to be comfortable.
I transferred my wallet, keys, comb and change to my jeans pockets and walked
out of the bedroom. I told the maid she was free to go in whenever she had the
time. She smiled and said thank you. I decided I would go ahead and plug Jake's
phone in while I was waiting for her to leave, so I could make my calls in
private.
With
the maid finally gone and my call completed I drug my laptop out and did a few
searches for estate agents in the area. I found three and figured that was
enough. I wrote down their addresses and phone numbers. I put my laptop away
and went to talk to my first real estate agent. As I was riding down in the
elevator I started thinking about buying vs. renting for now. We knew Jake
would be in this area for at least another eight months, but after that was up
to the Marines. Would they ship him somewhere else? And would they ship him to
a war zone where I couldn't follow him; and where I would be terrified all the
time he would get hurt or worse? I decided to take a positive track to things
and determined buying would be better. Maybe if we bought the house, providence
would notice and be kind to us and leave Jake in Sindelfingen. I got to the
lobby and headed out the front door.
I
found the office and went in. The lady sitting at the front desk asked how she
could be of assistance. I told her I was looking for a house to purchase in the
area; but not really in the city center. I wanted it a little way out of town.
She asked me more questions to determine what kind of house I was looking for.
I told her that it was for my boyfriend and me and that he was at work during
the week and would only be able to look at the actual properties on the weekend
or after five. I told her at this point I just was interested in a seeing a few
listings that I could take with me to show him and we could discuss it amongst
ourselves. She still wanted me to narrow it down a little more; great. I knew
what kind of house I liked, but had no idea of the type of house Jake would
like. I told her my likes and wants and we went from there. I would find out
more from Jake tonight. She showed me about ten listings on the computer, I
picked out five that had caught my attention and she printed the pages out for
me. I gave her my name and phone number at the hotel, she gave me her card and
the printouts and I left the office. I repeated this same process two more
times at the next two offices. By the time I was done it was a little after
eleven and I was getting hungry again. I had a folder filled with house
listings and stopped at the same brew pub I'd eaten at Tuesday for lunch. It
was just a good as the first time and I returned to the hotel full and feeling
pretty good about the housing situation.
Once
I was back in the room I started making a few phone calls. I needed to tell a
few people that I was moving to Germany, particularly the people who helped me
run my business interests. Headquarters was now going to be in Sindelfingen and
a few people needed to be brought up to speed on how everything was to be
handled. I wasn't independently wealthy by a long shot, but I wasn't broke
either; and I relied on a few key people to keep the money rolling in. I also
called the guy that was house-sitting for me to tell him it would be awhile
before I was back. I did need to return to the States fairly soon; I had to
figure out what to do about my house and its contents. I also asked him to send
me some clothes. I'd brought enough clothes with me for a two week stay, not
knowing at the time that it was to become indefinite. When I was finished
talking to him I started thinking that I needed to set up a bank account here;
it would make things a lot easier. Then it struck me that I already had one;
well the business did, I could just open a personal account at the same bank. I
needed my cell phone; all the numbers were on it. I decided I'd just call Jake
from his new phone and have him look the numbers up for me. That would also
serve the purpose of making my phone the first one in his phone book. I grinned
to myself.
It
took me a couple of minutes just to figure out how to place a call on Jake's
new phone, and a couple more to save the number into his contact list. I hit
send.
"Hello,
Mike Adler's phone." I smiled when I heard him say that.
"Hello
Lance Corporal Jacob.  Is Mike there by chance?"
"Mike!!
Hi! How are you?" Then really quietly, "I miss you..."
"I
miss you too, baby; been thinking about you all day. I'm fine by the way,
thanks for asking."
Still
quietly, "It's so good to hear your voice."
"It's
good to hear yours too. Hey, guess what? I'm calling you from your new phone."
"Really?
Cool. What kind is it?"
"It's
an Apple iPhone 4S. I hope you like it; I had no idea what kind of phone to get
you, but I knew you liked gadgets so I figured this one would be good."
"It's
fucking awesome! Man... Thank you! I can't wait to see it."
"You're
very welcome, baby. I hope you like it. Listen, I could sit here and talk to
you for the rest of day, but this is partly a business call. Sorry. I don't
know if it's possible to do while we're on the phone, but if not you can call
me back. I need you to look up a number for me on my phone."
"Sure,
anything for you... What's the name?"
"It's
Deutsche Bank Berlin, and there should also be a name with the entry; Gunter. I
need his number please."
"Sure.
Hold on a second and I'll see if we can swing this during a call. You need a
new phone too, man; this thing is kinda old school."
"Yeah,
well I'm kinda old school too. It's actually something I wanted to talk to you
about tonight; I was thinking about it earlier."
"OK.
Hold on a sec; let me see if I can get you the number."
"OK."
I
heard a bunch of beeps in my ear as he was trying to get to my contacts list and
pull the number up. I really expected the call to drop, but a couple of minutes
later he was back with the number.
"Thanks,
baby. See, even old school phones have a few tricks up their sleeves."
He
giggled. "Yeah, and some old school men do too if I remember correctly." Then
really quietly, "My balls feel like they've been drained for life. Damn!"
"You
are welcome, Sir!" He laughed. "It's been great hearing your voice, baby, but
you need to get back to work, and so do I. I will see you at the gate at 1700
sharp. Oh, and I'm still wearing your underwear."
"Oh
man... I think my cock just jumped. You're killin' me here. I'll see you tonight.
Have a great day. I can't wait to see you."
"You
too, Jake. I love you."
Then
really quietly, I could barely hear him, "My heart aches for you. Bye Michael."
And the connection was broken.
I
sat there holding his phone with my heart in my throat. I got up and plugged
his phone back in to finish charging and grabbed the land line to call Gunter.
I was able to open a personal account, transfer 300,000 Euros to it and have a
debit card sent to the hotel all within about fifteen minutes; nothing like
having a personal banker. After I finished with Gunter I drug my laptop back
out and started looking for a car. I wanted to be able to drive onto the base
and this was the only way to make it happen. The idea of making out with Jake
in his apartment sent a thrill to my cock. I spent about an hour looking on the
computer and found two that I'd like to see. They were both at the same dealer
so that worked out great. I left the hotel and jumped in the Kia Benz to go see
the cars, remembering to take Gunter's number with me in case I needed a wire
transfer.
I
found the dealer without too much hassle and pulled in. I parked and headed out
to wonder around the lot to see if I could find the two cars. I found one of
them after a minute and was looking through the window when a salesman walked
up behind me. He spoke to me in German, of course, and asked if he could get
the key for me to show me the car. I told him that yes, he could, but there
were two cars on their website that I wanted to look at. He smiled big. I
quickly told him that I wasn't looking to buy both, but to compare them and
choose just one. His smiled dimmed just a little, but he asked me what the
other one was. I told him it was a nautical blue '95 S500. The ad said that it
only had 37k kilometers on it. He nodded and said it was still available. I
told him I would actually like to look and drive that one first. The one I was
standing next to was a '97 S320 with 70k on it, and I would rather have the V8
and the lower miles. We walked over to the S500 and he left me to my own
devices while he went and got the key.
The
car was in beautiful shape; hell it still looked brand new. It was double the
price of the 320, at 20k Euros, but it had half the kilometers on it too. I was
walking around the car, looking at it from every angle, "kicking the tires"
when he came back with the key. I think I'd already made up my mind by then,
but I still wanted to drive it. We got in the car and I fired it up. We drove
out of the lot and he gave me turn directions as we went along. I guess he had
a test drive route that he liked to follow. I wanted to get on the autobahn,
and told him so. He pointed me in the right direction. He did ask me why I
wanted a 17 year old car when I was driving a brand new one. I told him it was
a rental and that S-Class was the only way to travel. He nodded and smiled. We
got on the autobahn and got out of town where the speed limit went away. I
nailed the throttle to the floor and within seconds we were traveling at 200
KPH. This'll work I decided and let off and started aiming for the next exit to
turn around and head back to the dealer. An hour later, after a call to Gunter,
I was the proud owner. They wanted to detail the car before I took delivery of
it, which worked out fine because I didn't know how to drive two cars at the
same time. I had to get the Kia Benz back to the rental agency; so much for
learning how to use the sat-nav.
It
was now three thirty in the afternoon. I still had a few things to do,
including picking up my new car, and be at the base by five. It'd been a hell
of a busy day. Tomorrow should be a lot quieter. I was headed back to the hotel
and as I passed the cell phone store again I thought fuck it, and headed
inside. I saw my cute, blond sales dude and told him I'd take another iPhone
for myself. He just grinned big and got me all setup. Twenty minutes later I
was back in the room. I grabbed Jake's new phone, leaving mine there, and
headed back out the door. I got to the rental agency in just a minute, said
good-bye to the Kia Benz and took a taxi to the dealer to pick up my car. 4:20
p.m.; I still had forty minutes to be at the gate. The car was spotless and the
gas tank was full. I signed a couple of more papers and got in my "new" car. I
had one more stop to make before I went to pick up Jake. I had seen a jewelry
store during my excursions around town and I remembered that Jake had told me
on the train that he'd broken his watch. I picked out a very nice Omega, had
them wrap it up, paid for it with my credit card and headed out the door.
I
pulled up to the gate at 4:52 p.m. and asked the sexy blond Marine at the shack
where I could park to wait for someone. He pointed to a line of six parking
spaces to the right and said I could park there. I pulled around and backed the
car in. I knew Jake was expecting to see the Kia Benz, so I wanted to be able
to see him walking up so I could get his attention.
I
sat in the car with the radio on, my window and the sunroof open, and just
watched all the sexy military guys coming and going. I found out that this had
once been a Panzer base back during the war and was now the domain of an Army
unit, but also had Marines stationed here as well. I was kind of in seventh
heaven, with all these hot guys in uniform walking around. I had put Jake's
phone on the center console behind the shift lever and had hidden his present
next to my door. I didn't want him to see it. I was going to give it to him a
little later. The more the clock ticked the more nervous I became, for some
reason. I had butterflies in my stomach. Here I am, a 40 year old man, acting
like a 16 year old school girl waiting for her quarterback boyfriend to get out
of practice. Jesus.
1707.
There he is. I almost missed him; I wasn't expecting what I saw. I had thought
the dress blues were hot on him, but there he was in desert cammo and I almost
came in my jeans. Oh my... Now I understood why I had butterflies in my stomach;
there was my quarterback walking toward the gate and I thought I was one lucky,
fucking girl. He was looking toward the parking spaces while he was walking to
the gate and spotted a Mercedes sitting there with me behind the wheel. He just
started laughing and waved to me. I'm sure I blushed, but I didn't care. He
checked with the blond hottie at the gate and then walked to the car with a
shit eating grin on his face. I smiled back, knowing my face was crimson, while
he walked up and pulled the passenger door open.
He
leaned his head in the car, smiling. "It's bigger! What did you do, give it
some testosterone after lunch?"
"What,
are you jealous that you don't get it all?"
"I'd
better be the only one gettin' it."
"I
can't imagine giving it to anyone else, baby. Throw your backpack in the back
seat and get in."
He
did so and sat in the seat, grinning. Then he spotted the phone.
"Sweet!
Damn, thank you, Mike. I don't know what to say. I wish I could lean over and
kiss you."
"Hold
on to that thought. You're very welcome. I hope you can figure out the dumb
thing, because you're gonna have to teach me. I went back and got one for
myself."
He
smiled big. "Sweet!" I laughed.
He
picked the phone up and turned it around in his hands looking at every angle.
Then he swiped his finger across the front to wake it up. "Cool!" I laughed
again. He looked at me and winked. "Hey, let me be a kid at Christmas. This is
fun." I just smiled at him and nodded. He played with the phone for a few
seconds, set it back down, and reached behind him for the seat belt and put it
on. "Let's get the fuck outta here."
"Let's
roll."
I
started the car and pulled out of the parking space; we both waved to the
hottie in the guard shack, and I pulled back out on to the road.
"So,
nice wheels; what happened to the Kia Benz?"
"I
bought this and took the other one back to the rental agency. I wanted my own car,
and I wanted one we could get a permit for. I've had this fantasy all day about
you, me and your apartment." He chuckled. "Nice outfit by the way. I almost
came in your underwear when I spotted you. Damn fine lookin' man!"
"Well
be good to my underwear, they have to last you a while longer since I forgot to
grab a pair; I'm still wearing your jock. Oh, and I have your phone in my
pocket; do you want it?"
"Just
keep it until we get to the hotel. I don't need to call anyone; you're right
here."
The
ten minute ride back to the hotel went by quickly, with us just enjoying each
other's company. I pulled into the parking garage and found a place to park. I
closed the sunroof and turned the car off. Jake took his seatbelt off and
started to open the door.
I
grabbed his arm. "Wait..."
He
closed the door again and looked at me. Then he bent forward and kissed me. And
wow, what a kiss it was. We started moaning into each other's mouths. It wasn't
really why I had stopped him from getting out, but it turned into a really
great idea. We sat there passionately making out with each other for a good
five minutes. I finally pulled back breathless.
"Holy
crap, baby! Thank you!"
"You
are welcome, Sir!" We both started laughing.
I
reached down with my left hand and grabbed the watch, the reason I had actually
asked him to wait, and brought it up.
"This
fails miserably in comparison to that kiss you just gave me, but I picked up a
little something for you. I remembered something you told me during our train
journey. With my love..." I handed him the package.
He
took the package and then just looked at me, love in his eyes, searching my
face. I just smiled at him and nodded towards the box in his hand.
"Go
ahead and open it."
He
looked back down to the box, and with slightly trembling hands, began to open
it. He got the paper off and opened the box and just stared at the watch.
"Oh
my God. Holy crap, it's incredible." He looked back to me with tears starting
to flow again. I reached up and wiped a tear off his cheek.
"Put
it on! Let's see how it looks." I didn't want this turn into something
dramatic, it was just a watch. He just looked at me.  I smiled at him. "Go
ahead; I wanna see it on your wrist."
He
picked the watch up out of the box and slid it over his hand and snapped the
band closed. Then he brought it up to eye level and just stared at it again. Uh
oh. I acted quickly.
"Looks
good!" I grabbed his wrist and brought it closer to me. "Yep, that'll work. The
guy at the store said it had a lifetime warranty so don't worry about it
getting abused while you're on duty or whatever. And if you need to we can have
the band adjusted so it fits your wrist just right." I let go of his arm and
reached to open my door. "You ready to go upstairs and get changed? We have
dinner plans."
He
nodded, still staring at me. I opened my door and got out of the car. He
finally opened his door and got out and started walking. I reminded him about
his backpack and he opened the back door to retrieve it. He opened the zipper
of his pack and put the box in it, and then he put his new phone in his pocket
and walked with me to the lobby entrance. There was an open elevator available
and we got on it. As soon as the doors closed I found myself with 170 pounds of
Marine wrapping himself around me; he was literally clinging to me, sniffling
and trying to envelop my body into his own. I just held on tight for the ride.
The
elevator stopped and I looked at the lights overhead but it wasn't our floor. A
young lady got on and pushed the button for the floor above ours. She was
looking at us, especially at Jake because she saw how wet his face was, and
asked if he was alright. Jake was still wrapped around me and I told her that
he would be fine, and thank you for asking. She nodded and smiled. The elevator
stopped at our floor and I told Jake we had to get off the elevator. He finally
let go of me and we walked to our room. I opened the door and let him enter
ahead of me. He took about five steps and just stopped. I closed the door and
walked up behind him and put my arms around his chest, nuzzling his neck.
"I
love you. You gonna be OK...?"
He
nodded his head and I kissed him on the neck. I drew my arms across his chest
and took his shoulders and turned him around to look at me. I reached up to his
face and wiped the tears away. I smiled at him and kissed his mouth softly. I
pulled back and looked at him again.
"You
ready to get changed, or do you want to stay here for awhile?"
He
finally spoke. "I don't know what to say... I don't know how to thank you."
"You
don't have to say anything. The look in your eyes speaks volumes, and I believe
every word they're saying. Baby, it's just a watch; a small token of my love. I
wanted you to have a new watch, and there it is. Like I told you in the car, it
doesn't hold a candle to the kiss you gave me."
He
smiled a little. "That was a great kiss. We need to do that in my apartment to
make your fantasy come true."
"I'm
looking into the eyes of my ultimate fantasy, but yes, we do need to do that in
your apartment. I don't know why, but I think it would just be really hot to
make out with you at your place."
He
finally smiled big. "It's just a couple of small rooms, no big deal about it.
But yeah, I'd like that too."
"The
big deal is that they are your rooms, with your stuff in them, and your scent
all over the place. Besides, it would kinda give me an inside look into your
life; how you live, what you like to surround yourself with.  I'd like
that."
"You
might need to settle with just my scent, there really isn't much in there. And
what do you mean by scent? I smell?"
I
smiled at him. "God no, baby, you don't smell. You have a scent, a unique smell
that is distinctly you. Think pheromones. You know how an animal can track the
scent of another animal, right; well it's the same thing. Humans are just
animals. The only thing is this is the first time I've been this aware of
another's scent since the first time I was in love."
"So
basically I smell good to you, even when I'm dirty and sweaty." He gives me an
evil grin.
"Yep,
that about covers it. Sometimes dirty and sweaty can be a hell of a turn on;
don't discount them."
He
laughed. Thank God. I needed to see him laugh.
"Now,
even though you look so incredibly hot in that uniform I want you to go change
into some civvies so we can go eat dinner. My stomach is grumbling and I've
heard yours grumble a couple of times." I spun him around, slapped his ass and
pushed him towards the bedroom. He laughed and started walking.
He
was finally ready to go and we were soon in the elevator and he took my hand in
his and just smiled at me. The doors opened at the lobby and he didn't waver
once, just held on to my hand and walked to the front doors. I pulled his hand
to follow me when we got outside; I had already picked out a restaurant. Now
walking around in Berlin holding hands with another man went completely
un-noticed by most people; it seemed to be the gay Mecca of Europe, but I
wasn't as sure about a suburb of Stuttgart. I needn't have worried; few took
notice of us, and the ones that did usually just smiled at us. We arrived at
the restaurant, albeit a little early by European standards, it was only six
o'clock. But we had a long evening and an early morning ahead of us and I
wanted to get started. Jake let go of my hand when we walked into the
restaurant, but it hadn't gone un-noticed by the maître d. He smiled at us and
then showed us to a quiet, corner booth. I'd have to tip that man on the way
out.
We
had a fantastic meal of traditional German food, and spent two hours just
talking to each other; it reminded me of our time on the train and I was a
happy man. I wanted Jake to just talk about himself; his life, his family, his
friends and anything else he could think of. I mixed stories of my own life in
with his when appropriate and we had a great time. I discovered that he'd grown
up in a small town for the first 16 years of his life, then his mother
re-married and they moved to a small farm. His step-dad was a "dick" according
to him, but his step-brother had turned out to be a nice guy and into a great
friend. I guess his step-brother, Seth, was the only person he's ever told that
he thought he was gay. He took it well, Jake said, occasionally calling him
cocksucker when they were alone, and then them both laughing. His mother had
never worked, always taking care of the family, and then his father when he got
sick, so she didn't know how to handle being a widow; hence the fairly fast
re-marriage. I also discovered that his favorite activity, outside of the
bedroom anyway, was racquetball. He said he learned how to play when he got to
high school and spent hours in the gym at school smashing the crap out of that
ball against the wall. That went a ways towards explaining his incredibly
strong legs and great ass muscles. I told him he would have to teach me so we
could play together; just try not to give me a heart attack.
The
time had flown by while we were in the restaurant. I was so engrossed in Jake's
story I hadn't noticed the passage of time; and when I noticed it was dark
outside I was kind of surprised. The waiter had left the check long ago, so I
picked it up and asked Jake if he was ready to go. We agreed that we both
needed to take a leak first, but yeah, he was ready. I left 60 Euros on the
table for a 50 Euro check, thinking our waiter deserved it for losing a second
customer because we'd been there so long. We both took care of our bladders and
while he was washing his hands I palmed a 10 Euro note. We left the restroom
and headed towards the door. The maître d was at his podium, and as we walked
by I reached to shake his hand and slipped the bill into his. I thanked him for
the great table and he smiled at me.
Once
out on the sidewalk I grabbed Jake's hand, interlocking our fingers, and we set
off for our walk. We were talking happily again, saying how great dinner had
been and how much we'd enjoyed the evening. We were just wandering around town
aimlessly, looking in store windows, talking, laughing and just enjoying the
whole experience. I spotted a blond head I thought I recognized about fifteen
feet ahead of us. When we got closer, the blond head's face broke into a big
smile. It was Kilian, my cell phone guy. We stopped and I introduced him to
Jake.
"Kilian!
It's nice to see you out here this evening. This is my boyfriend, Jake, or
Jacob, if you prefer." Jake, this is Kilian, the nice guy that helped me pick
out your phone."
They
smiled at each other and shook hands. "It's nice to meet you. I loved the
phone, thanks for steering him to that one." I was glad Kilain spoke fluent
English and I didn't have to translate.
"You're
welcome, Jake. It was my pleasure to help out. It's great to meet you, I was
wondering what the man looked like that could make another man light up so much
when he spoke of you." I blushed. They both laughed.
"Eh,
he just needs glasses. Thank you though. I'm sure I probably light up a little
when I think of him too."
"So
you two have been together for a long time?" Kilian asked.
We
both laughed and Kilian looked a little confused. I offered an explanation.
"Not
exactly, Kilian. We actually met Sunday morning. We've known each other four
days now, and it's been the best four days of any lifetime."
"Wow!
That is incredible! You both look like you've been together for years, so easy
with each other, so in-sync, it seems like. So I guess love at first sight is
possible, yes?"
We
both answered at the same time, "Yes!" We all laughed.
"Well
let me be the first, maybe, to wish you both many, many happy years together."
"Thank
you Kilian, and yes, you are the first. Oddly enough, you're the first one to
know about us at all. Wow." We all laughed again.
"You
honor me. Thank you. I don't want to part, but I will leave you to continue
your walk; I need to get home and feed my dogs. Have a wonderful evening.
Jacob, it was my great pleasure meeting you. And Michael, you know where I work
if you need another phone." I chuckled. "Though seriously, I wish you the best
of health and happiness; it was a great pleasure meeting you as well. Goodnight
gentlemen."
"Thank
you Kilian and I hope you have a wonderful evening as well. Goodnight."
"Goodnight
Kilian."
We
were about 20 feet away when Jake looked at me and gave me an evil grin.
"What?"
I asked him.
"You
do have a way with the young hotties, don't you?" He was grinning from ear to
ear.
"Shut
up." He just started laughing. "He just happened to be the one who waited on me
when I walked in the store."
"Yeah
yeah... You spotted him across the room, swatted two old ladies out of your way
and headed right for him." He laughed even harder at this own joke. "I know how
you old pervs work; checking out the ass of some sweet, innocent boy riding the
train... And don't think I didn't also notice the hottie PFC at the guard shack;
you parked right across from him."
He
was really enjoying himself, laughing and giggling like a little kid. It was
actually kind of cute, but reminded me of something I'd been afraid to talk about
with him.
"Laugh
it up `innocent boy'. I'll show you checking out asses when we get back to the
hotel."
"Oooo.
Maybe; maybe not. You can look but you can't touch; you said so yourself just
this morning. Ha!"
His
face was lit up in a huge smile of self satisfaction. It was contagious. I was
standing there a foot away from him watching him having fun and couldn't help
myself. I grabbed his shirt front and yanked him to me and kissed him hard on
the mouth. He wrapped his arms around me and just melted into the kiss. I think
we attracted a few gawkers, but neither of us gave a damn at that moment. The
kiss lasted about a full minute. I still had a hold of his shirt, and I yanked
him back to where he had been.
"That's
a great way to shut you up; I'll remember that." I turned and started walking
with a huge grin on my face.
He
stood there for a couple of seconds then ran up to me and bumped into me with
his hip, watching me damn near fall over, and started laughing again.
"You
can't shut me up that easily, you little shit." He turned and walked back the
other direction, still laughing.
I
ran up behind him as quickly as I could move and grabbed him around the middle.
"Who're
you calling a `little shit'?"
I
lifted him off the ground, spun him around and tried to throw him in the other
direction. Then I took off running like a bat out of hell the way I'd been
walking. I knew there was no way in hell I could out-run him, or run as long as
he could but I was giving it everything I had. We'd run for about six blocks when
he caught me. I knew I was in for it; and we'd attracted quite a bit of
attention during the chase. He was about ten feet behind me and yelled out.
"I
got you, fucker... Your ass is gonna be mine!"
He
closed the last ten feet in what seemed to me like two steps. He grabbed my
arm, trying to pull me to a stop, then he got a hold of my waist and I knew the
jig was up. Besides, I was panting like a dog in heat and I didn't think I
could run too much further anyway. He got me stopped by yanking on my waist,
and then he spun me around a couple of times from behind. I was finished. He
let go of my waist and was bent over with his hands on his knees panting and
laughing at the same time. I was in pretty much the same position, and panting
too, but not laughing. I didn't have the breath or the energy. I lifted my head
up and looked at him. He looked up.
"Goddamn
you're quick. I didn't think I was gonna catch you there for a while." Breathe,
breathe. "You don't play fair either! Throwing me and taking off..." Pant, pant.
"Oh fuck... that was fun! Fuck..."
He
stood back up and l stood up too. I had finally managed to get my breathing
back to resembling normal. The on-lookers had dispersed by this time, deciding
we both just needed to grow up. He walked up to me and draped his hands on the
top of my shoulders.
"That
was fucking fun..." Then he pulled my head to his and kissed me. He broke the
kiss. "You OK?"
"I'm
great." I said smiling.
He
let his right hand drop, turned me with his left, put his arm across my shoulder
and walked away with me. I put my right hand around his waist and we walked
that way the ten blocks back to the hotel. We were about five blocks away when
he turned his head to me, said, "Hey!" and when I turned he kissed me again,
smiled, and kept walking. He did it again about a block from the hotel; with an
added I love you. We walked into the lobby the same way we'd walked down the
street and headed to the elevator. The young lady that had been in the elevator
earlier saw us a got a big grin on her face. She winked at us and continued on
her way. We rode the elevator back up the ninth floor and headed to the room.
Once inside, both of us walked towards the bathroom. We stopped and laughed.
"How're
we gonna do this?" Jake asked.
"Easy.
You stand on one side of the toilet, I'll stand on the other and we'll have
dueling piss streams. Just no pissing on each other's pants leg and try to keep
it off the floor."
He
laughed and we went to have our pissing contest. When we were done, and not a
single drop on the floor, we went back out to the living room. I asked him if
he wanted something to drink when he sat on the couch. He nodded. I got both of
us a bottle of water and joined him on the couch.
He
took my hand again, and we just sat next to each other for a few minutes
without speaking. He laid his head on my shoulder and breathed a sigh of
relief. I dropped my head down so it was touching his and did the same. Kilian
had been right, we were at ease and in-sync with each other and it made me
smile. Jake started to lift his head, so I lifted mine and he turned to look at
me.
"This
has probably been the best day of my life. Thank you for sharing it with me."
I
smiled at him. "I'm honored to do so."
He
smiled again and turned his head forward and stared at the bar. I turned to
look too, but watched him out of the corner of my eye. We stayed that way for
about ten minutes.
"Watcha
thinkin' about?"
He
got a dirty grin on his face. "Sex! But only for the last thirty seconds or so,
before that I was thinking about our dinner and then how much fun it was
playing with you on the street. That was a fucking blast!"
"Yes
it was; I had a great time! I haven't played like that in a long time. It felt
good; made me feel young again."
"You
are young, Mikey."
I
chuckled at the `Mikey'. "Well, like I told you before, sometimes I act like
I'm twelve. But it's fun to do so."
"Hell
yeah... Who says you have to act like a grown-up all the time? It gets dull."
I
figured now was as close to a good segue as I was going to get. "Speaking of...
Does the difference in our ages bother you at all?"
No
hesitation. "Fuck no! Why would it?"
"Don't
know. I am twenty years older than you."
"So
what? It's just a number; a date on a calendar. Why? Does it bother you?"
"No,
not at all."
"Then
why are you asking?"
"I
just wanted to know how you felt about it."
"I
feel just great about it. It's a non issue for me. You're a man, I'm a man, and
we love each other; the numbers don't mean anything."
"Good,
I'm glad to hear it. Like I said, I was just wondering..."
"Does
this have anything to do with me giving you shit about Kilian and calling you a
perv?"
"No,
baby, it just reminded me to ask you about it. I'd thought about it earlier.
And it doesn't bother me at all for you to call me a perv. I am one, and proud
of it."
He
laughed. "That you are, baby. That you are... And it's one of your greatest
assets in my opinion."
"Thanks
for noticing, I appreciate it."
He
laughed again, and then put his head back on my shoulder. He hadn't let go of
my hand since we sat down and it felt great. I squeezed his hand a little and
laid my head back on his. This right here was what it was all about.
We
sat on that couch holding hands for more than an hour without uttering a word,
and I couldn't remember being so happy. We were just lost in our thoughts,
daydreaming, and secure in each other's presence.
"Mikey...?"
"Yeah
baby?"
"I've
started thinking about sex again... You ready for bed?"
"I
am now..." I lifted my head off his and when he looked up at me I was grinning.
He
got a huge shit eating grin on his face. "Oh, hell yeah...!"
We
stood up together, turned off the light and walked into the bedroom. About two
feet from the bed he stopped dead in his tracks.
"What?"
"We
have a problem."
"What?"
"You
said no sex tonight."
"You're
right, I did. So let's not have sex, we'll make love instead." His grin
returned. "No acrobatics, no yelling, no spanking. We'll make sweet, passionate
love to each other. Sound like a good alternative?"
He
nodded his head up and down. "Mmm Hmm..." I could see the lust building in his
eyes and it was a huge turn-on.
"Come
here..."
I
pulled him to me and wrapped my arms around his waist and just started kissing
him, softly at first, but each kiss growing in passion. I did my best to keep
our kissing tempered as much as possible, I didn't want this turning into
another fuck fest like we'd had last night.
We
stood in each other's arms kissing for about five minutes and I could feel that
he was rock hard against me; not that I wasn't just as hard. He was the one
that finally broke the kiss. He just looked into my eyes, then grabbed my hips
with his hands and pushed me back about a foot. He didn't smile, he didn't say
a word. He just looked my body up and down, just like I had done to him
numerous times already. He finished his inspection and started pulling my shirt
out of my pants. I lifted my arms up so he could get my shirt off, and once
off, he laid it down gently on the floor. He then started running his hands
slowly up and down my sides, all the while just looking at my face,
occasionally glancing down at what he was doing. He continued the rub and then
started massaging my chest and stomach, then up to my shoulders, back to my
chest and so on. His touch was electric, yet so smooth and caring. I was as
turned on as I'd ever been. He rubbed my nipples a couple of times each, then
bent and kissed each one just once. He was then back to his original position
and his hands moved back down to my hips and over towards the buttons on my
fly.
He
spoke very softly. "Toe your shoes off, Mikey."
I
did as requested, never breaking eye contact with him. He started undoing the
buttons on my Levi's and I took in a much needed breath of air. He undid each
button of my jeans agonizingly slowly, and once all five were undone he started
rubbing the palm of his right hand on my lower stomach and snaking his fingers
into the waistband of his/my underwear, then pulling back up; basically
following my treasure trail in out of the underwear. The whole time never
touching my cock or making any move toward it. It was agonizing ecstasy. After
a couple of minutes he pulled his hand away from me and reached back for the
waist band of my jeans. He slowly dropped down on one knee and brought my jeans
along with him. I didn't have to wait for the ankle tap this time; I lifted my
feet up one at a time when he reached my ankles. He pulled the jeans off of me
and set them on the floor next to my shirt. He then pulled my socks down, one
at a time and pulled them off my feet, laid them with my other clothes and
slowly stood back up, running his hands lightly on the outside of my legs. He
was standing in front of me again, looking into my eyes, still not smiling or
speaking, then reached down and grabbed my wrists. He brought my hands up to his
chest and laid them down palms flat, and slowly guided my hands across his
chest, over the smooth fabric of his t-shirt. I moaned. He slowly moved my
hands around on his chest for about a minute.
In
a really husky voice he asked. "Do you want me?" I almost came.
I
replied in a whisper. "Yes..."
He
still had my wrists in his hands and he moved them back down to my side. He
didn't let go, but instead used my hands to walk me forward, then turned me and
led me to the end of the bed, while he walked backwards, never breaking eye
contact with me. When we got where he wanted me, he turned me facing the
bathroom, sat me down on the bed and released my hands. He whispered again.
"You're
not allowed to touch yourself; just watch."
With
that, he walked about five feet away from me and, with his back to me, started
slowly pulling his shirt out of his jeans. As he lifted the shirt higher I
could see the muscles in his back and on up to his shoulders. I moaned. It was
a beautiful sight. He left the shirt bunched up around his neck, then reached
behind himself with his hands and started running them softly over his ass, at
the same time arching his back just a little. I groaned. He kept doing this for
about two or three minutes, then he grabbed a cheek in each hand and stood back
up erect. I groaned again. He let go of his ass and slowly ran his hands around
his sides to the front, then up to where the shirt was at this neck. He was
still facing away from me. He grabbed the edges of his shirt and slowly
finished pulling it over his head. He laid the shirt down on the floor and just
stood perfectly still with his arms at his sides. The definition of his back
and shoulder muscles was simply incredible and I groaned again. I hadn't even
thought once about my dick; I was so entranced watching him strip.
He
started raising his hands back up the sides of his body, then slowly back to
the front and I could tell that he was rubbing his nipples. He toed his shoes
off and then ran his hands back down the front of his body and stopped at the
waistband of his jeans, hooking both of his thumbs in. Then he turned his head
around and looked at me. I moaned. He slowly turned his body around to face me
and I could see his thumbs hooked in the waistband of his jeans, with his
fingers pointing down, covering what I could see was an incredibly hard cock.
He pulled his right thumb out of the waistband and then used his index finger
and ran it up and down his denim covered cock. After he rubbed his cock five
times he lifted his finger to his lips and sucked it in. I groaned. He sucked
his finger a few times then put it on his right nipple and ran it in a circle a
couple of times. He looked down at his finger on his nipple, then pulled it off
and stuck it back in his mouth. He sucked it a few times, sliding it deep in
and out, then pulled it out and ran it down his torso back to his cock.
He
put the palm of his hand over his cock and thrust into it a few times, then
pulled his left thumb out of the waistband and began thrusting into both hands,
with them spread far enough apart that his hard-on was running up and down
between them. I moaned, "Oh God..." He thrust a few more times and then slid his
hands up his fly until they met at the button on the waist. He opened the
button and then pulled the zipper down. He put his hands back together like
before and thrust his hips into his hands again. I could see the white material
of my jock strap he was wearing and the outline of his throbbing cock. I groaned
really loudly. He stopped thrusting and gripped both sides of his jeans and
slowly started to lower them down over his hips. When his jeans were just about
to his thighs he stopped. He then turned around about two thirds of the way and
showed me his ass, while reaching back with his left hand and giving it a
little swat. My cock jumped and I moaned again. He gave his ass another swat
and then turned until his back was to me again and I had a bird's eye view of
his incredible ass. He grabbed his jeans again and slowing began lowering them
to the floor, while simultaneously bending over at the waist. I caught my
breath as his cheeks pulled apart and I saw the hot, furry hole nestled within.
"Oh,
fuck me..." I whispered.
He
lifted his right foot up just enough to clear the floor, still bent perfectly
at the waist and pulled the leg of his jeans off, then repeated the procedure
on his left leg. I could see the incredibly defined muscles of his legs while
he was bent over and I just stared in amazement. He set his pants on the floor
next to his shirt, then reached back with his hands and grabbed his ankles.
After a few seconds he ran his hand down while pulling his socks off and then
set them on top of his jeans. He reached back and grabbed his ankles again, but
this time started slowing standing back up, his hands running up the back of
his legs and back to his ass. He was standing fully back up, with his ass
cupped in his hands. I felt like I had drool running out of my mouth. He then
started slowing moving his hands to the front of his body while at the same
time turning around to face me again. As he stopped turning, his hands
continued up his stomach to his chest and nipples, then slowly back down to his
sides.
He
looked like a god to me standing there with nothing on but my jock strap, his
cock straining against the fabric and his perfect body glowing with the light
from the bathroom. He started walking towards me and stopped about a foot from
where I was sitting. I could see that the pouch of the jock was literally
drenched with his pre-cum. Then I moved my eyes up, slowly taking in every inch
of his body until I locked eyes with him again. He bent over slightly at the
waist and reached for my hands. I put my hands in his and he pulled me to a
standing position in front of him, our eyes never drifting from each other.
In
an even more husky voice, he asks. "Do you still want me?"
I
reply in an intense whisper. "Yes...!"
He
let go of my right hand and led me back to the side of the bed. He stopped,
turned me to face him with my legs backed up to the bed and then released my
left hand. He put the palms of both hands on my chest and slowly ran them down
my chest and stomach, sliding to meet in the middle right above my waist. He
slid both of his hands, flat against my stomach, into the waistband of my
underwear; his fingers from both hands on either side of my aching cock. He
pulled his hands straight out from my stomach, bringing the waistband with them
out over my cock and then pulled them down to my ankles, while lowering himself
onto both knees. I stepped out of the underwear and he ran his hands up the
insides of my legs stopping just below my balls. He reached out with his right
hand and took hold of my ball sack and started massaging it. I moaned deep
within my gut. He messaged my balls for a few moments, then let go and slid his
right index finger up the outside edge of my dick all the way to the head then
back down again. He did this four times and then he grabbed my cock in his fist
and leaned forward, parted his lips and slowly slid my cock into his mouth.
"Oh
my God... Oh... fuck me..."
He
took about five inches of the available seven into his mouth and just suckled
for a second, then started sucking my cock in and out of his mouth, licking the
head when he'd be on an upstroke and then right back down. His did this with
the same methodical rhythm over and over again, occasionally massaging my balls
with his left hand. It was sheer ecstasy. After about four or five minutes he
added a new twist and started playing with my ass with his right hand. I felt
something wet on his finger and he probed my hole for a couple of seconds then
slipped his finger in. I moaned and probably belched out a load of pre-cum into
his mouth. He only had his finger in to the first knuckle, but he would wiggle
it around, then bend it and tug on my opening. After a bit, he pulled his
finger out then a few seconds later it was back, and it was wet again. I
decided he was using his own pre-cum to lube his finger. That was probably the
hottest thing I'd ever imagined.
His
finger found its mark again and he slipped it back in, only this time he put it
all the way in. I clenched my ass on his finger and moaned. I let go and he
just started running his finger in and out of my ass, all the while never
losing his rhythm on my cock. He pulled his finger out again and a few seconds
later was back, only this time with two wet fingers. He had to push a little
harder this time, but he slipped them both in and started working them around
inside my ass, twisting, then bending them and tugging, then back to stroking.
I wasn't going to last much longer at this rate. Then the fingers were gone
again. He played with my balls a few seconds with his left hand, then the wet
fingers were back and this time there were three of them. Oh man... He probed my
hole again with one finger, slid the second finger in after a few strokes,
fingered me for a couple of seconds and then added the third. Holy crap! I
clamped his fingers in my ass again and groaned from way down deep. I released
his fingers a little and he started the twisting, bending, pulling, probing gig
again. I was seconds away from losing it and let him know.
"Fuck...
Oh fuck... I'm gonna cum, baby."
He
just nodded his head on my dick, but never broke stride. OK, I thought to
myself, he wants this one. About ten seconds later I gave him his final warning
"Oh
fuck! Here it is!  Oh..."
He
stopped sucking, pulled his mouth to the edge of my cock, grabbed it with his
fist and started milking me. I exploded into his mouth, swearing like a sailor
the whole time my balls were contracting and pumping my milky load onto his
tongue. I could feel him swallowing through my cock, over and over again as I
pumped my load into his mouth. After what seemed like about ten blasts I was finally
finished. I let out one last oh fuck and exhaled loudly. He still had my cock
in his fist and in his mouth, but he slowly pulled off my cock, then he licked
the head to get any he'd missed, and finally released it from his mouth. He
kept hold of it in his hand, then looked up at me and smiled broadly. I looked
down at him and winked. He laughed.
"Mmmmm
Tasty! Mikey snacks. I approve."
Then
he kissed the head of my dick again, let it fall from his hand and stood up. He
grabbed the back of my head and pulled me into a deep kiss, sharing his treat
with me. I had to agree; tasty and I approved too. He broke the kiss then
turned me around, swatted my butt and told me to get on my hands and knees on
the bed. Hell yeah, baby, take charge! I did as I was told and assumed the
position. I bent my head down so I could look out from between my legs and
watched him pull the pouch of the jock to the side to let his raging cock pop
free. It was a beautiful sight indeed. I saw him open a tube of lube and smear
it all over his cock, getting himself ready to enter me. I scooted back on the
bed so my legs were hanging off the edge and my ass was right where he could
fuck me while he stood up. He put another glob of lube on his fingers and stuck
them in my waiting ass. The lube felt good, it was like he had warmed it up. He
ran three lubed fingers in and out of my ass for about ten strokes, then pulled
them out and smacked me on the ass.
"Oooooo
baby!" I cooed. He laughed.
He
dropped the tube of lube on the floor and walked up to my waiting ass, his hand
guiding his cock to my waiting hole. I felt the head of his dick on my hole and
just relaxed and pushed back until he was completely buried in me. I grunted
and he just yelled out; I think I took him by surprise. He stayed buried balls
deep in my ass for a few moments before starting to slowly stroke his cock in
and out. He set up the same kind of methodical rhythm he'd used when he was
sucking my cock. It actually felt really great, and he was using every one of
his seven and half inches on every stroke. I could almost feel his foreskin
pull back every time he drove back into me. The only part of him that was
touching me was his cock; I had no idea where his hands were, but after about
five minutes, he grabbed my hips and just slammed his cock home. He grunted and
I yelled out. He then pulled his cock all the way out and repeated the process
several times. I remembered that he'd really liked watching his cock slide in
and out of me last night, I guess he still did. He power fucked me for about
five more minutes and then just started using quick, small thrusts. He did this
for a couple of minutes before going back to the methodical thrusts. I figured
out that these were the ones that were most sensitive to him, because about ten
strokes later he gave me a warning.
"Oh
Fuck. Oh My God... I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna fucking cum!"
He
slammed his hips forward, driving his cock balls-deep in my ass and began
unloading his hot, juicy load into me. I just kept milking his cock with my ass
muscles and enjoyed the ride. This was fucking awesome! He had a death like
grip on my hips, his cock was buried to the hilt in my ass and his balls were
coughing out a really nice load of boy juice into my hungry hole. I'm not
normally a bottom boy, pretty versatile, but not just a bottom, but with him I
didn't care. He could fuck me all he wanted. I did want to take his hot little
ass eventually, but right at the moment I was a happy camper.
He
was still standing behind me, moaning and panting and coming down from his
orgasm. I was wondering if the load was as big as the first one he shot
yesterday. It might be a good idea to find out before we went to bed; I didn't
want to wake up in a pool. I was enjoying feeling my man in me and I could
occasionally feel his cock jump a little. I clenched my ass muscles one last
time to milk him and he yelped. He slowly pulled his softening cock out of my
ass. I was looking down between my legs again as he pulled out of me and I
watched a big glob of his juice fall out and hit the floor. Hot, but it
definitely called for a trip to the bathroom before bed. I lifted my head up
and turned to look at him over my shoulder. He was just standing behind me,
looking at my ass and down at his cock. Then he looked up at me and grinned.
The grin just kept getting bigger. I smiled at him and then got up off the bed
and pulled his face to me for a kiss. We kissed for a few seconds before I
broke it and reached around him and smacked his ass.
"Good
game, baby!" He laughed.
I
kissed him again and told him I really should go take care of something in the
bathroom. He smiled and nodded. When I returned from the bathroom he was all
cleaned up too, and had grabbed the pair of clean underwear I had offered him this
morning, and put them on. He looked just as good in them as he had the jock so
I wasn't too disappointed. I grabbed my/his underwear off the floor and put
them back on. He just grinned and shook his head.
"What?
They're not nasty yet."
"Whatever...
I had `em on for two days, dick juice dripping into them, and you've had `em on
all day with more dick juice running into them. Not to mention how many times
we've both used the toilet wearing them. Yeah, they're still like brand new."
He grinned at me.
"Well
I like `em just the way they are. If you really want me to though, I will put
on a clean pair before I jump into bed." I grinned back at him.
"I'm
just giving you shit. I like seeing you in my `drawers'. It's a turn-on."
"Sweet!
Let's go to bed." I said, grinning at him like an idiot.
He
just started laughing at my use of `sweet'. We at least had a nice clean bed to
get into tonight since we hadn't had acrobatic sex on it for four hours this
time. We made sure all the lights were turned off and then we both climbed into
bed, snuggling up next to each other. We were lying face to face, staring at
each other.
"Hi!"
I smiled.
"Hi
yourself."
"I
love you, Jake"
"I
love you, Mikey"
I
smiled. "I love it, but why `Mikey'?"
"Because
tonight when we were playing and chasing each other you were acting like a
`Mikey' and I thought it was awesome! You have your `Michael' side when you're
being sweet and kind and loving, then you have your `Mike' side when you're all
business like, and tonight I got to see `Mikey', and I fell in love with you
all over again."
"Wow..."
I touched his face with my finger and smiled at him.
A
few minutes had passed with us just staring into each other's eyes.  I
gave him a shy smile.
"Thank
you."
"For
what?"
"Your
striptease tonight. That was the most erotic, beautiful, sexy, mind blowing
thing I've ever witnessed and I am forever in your debt."
"Shut
up. Don't say things like that. I was just trying to please you. To turn you on
as much as I was."
"It
worked. It was brilliant! I will never forget it as long as I live."
"Shut
up and go to sleep. It was just me taking my clothes off."
I
think he was embarrassed so I let it drop.
"I
love you, Jacob. Sweet dreams, baby."
I
kissed him on the nose and rested my head back into the pillow.
"Sweet
dreams to you too. I love you more than you'll ever know..." He gave me a shy,
sweet smile, relaxed and closed his eyes.
We
were both asleep fairly quickly, another incredible and busy day under our
belts. I felt so blessed to be lying in this bed next to this man. I did sleep
like a baby this night; I couldn't imagine ever sleeping without him next to me
again.
Thank you for reading this. If you have questions, comments
or concerns-
raudiv8q@aim.com
Jeff

---

Marine Jake 4 (Chapter 15)

Chapter
4:  Finding our Footing
I
remember waking up a few times in the night and I was pretty sure it had been
every time he moved. It's been a while since I've had someone in my bed for the
night. I was awake again. I could see that it was just about dawn outside, so I
turned my head to see the clock. 5:52 a.m. Still beat the wake-up call. I was
on my back now and Jake was sound asleep, his head lying on my chest, softly
snoring. I looked down at his head and smiled; this was a really nice thing to
wake up to. I didn't want to disturb him, but three things needed to happen. I
needed to get to the phone when it rang, I needed to piss something awful and
I'm pretty sure I have his gift from last night leaking out of me. I reached up
and started running my hand on the top of his head, feeling the soft fur that
currently qualified as his hair.
"Jacob..?"
I said softly. "Hey sleepy head; you awake yet?"
He
moved a little and mumbled something, then went back to sleep.
"Jake?
Time to wake up, sexy man. I really hate to, you look so sweet and peaceful
where you are, but the phone is going to ring in about six minutes. I didn't
want it to startle you, so I'm giving you fair warning."
He
stretched a little and moved his head about two inches. "I'm awake  I think."
Another small stretch.
"Good morning... What time is it?"
"It's
five `til six. I have a standing wake-up call for six, so the phone's going to
ring. How'd you sleep?" I was still running my fingers in his hair.
"
Arrrggghhh
.
I slept great, thank
you; how `bout you?"
One more small stretch.
"I
was exhausted, I slept like a baby." OK, so a small little lie; sue me.
"
Mmmm
, me too.
Last night was wild.
You're a
fuckin
' animal." He giggles. "I was glad I
could keep up with you; had
me
worried for a minute."
He giggles again.
"
You keeping
up with me? I've been worried about being able
to keep up with you. You're in the middle of your sexual peak; I'm on the
downhill run..."
"Yeah,
right... You wore me out, you perv."
More giggling.
"Yeah,
well... I was just testing your Marine training. You passed. I need physical
therapy though."
"Can
I be your therapist?"
"I
was counting on it. I so love this right now; your head on my chest, our
morning afterglow and everything else, but I have to break it up. I need to
piss like a race horse and I'm really certain I have your gift running out of
my ass and down my leg."
He
laughed, the little shit.
"Really?
Sounds like you
have several problems."
"You're
going to have one if I don't get up soon. I'm going to piss all over you, and
in the position you're in it will go right in your face."
He
got up and sat on the bed looking at me and smiling. He pulled the covers off
of me.
"Yuk!
OK, you can leave now. Please." He laughed again.
I
got out of bed and started heading towards the bathroom; behind me I hear more
laughter.
"Oh
man! You perv! You left a stain on the sheets where your ass was!" He laughs
again.
I
stop and turn around.
"It's
your cum, baby; lick it up!"
I
continue heading into the bathroom.
"Gross!!"
While
I was in the bathroom I heard the phone ringing.
"Hello?"
Long pause. "Let me check. Baby! Can you take a call right now!?" I hear him
giggle.
"What!?
It's just the wake-up service. It's a fucking computer, just hang up!" He
giggles again.
"He
can't come to the phone right now, he has my load dripping out of his ass; can
I take a message?"
"What
the fuck!?"
Who the hell are you talking to?"
He
probably could have carried this off a little longer if the phone didn't start
ringing again. I just started laughing. Apparently he'd been holding the button
down while trying to talk shit about me.
"You
are so busted, dude! I'll remember that!" I yelled from the bathroom. I hear
uproarious laughter from Jake in the bedroom.
"Fuck!
The damn computer called me back! You about done in there; I need to piss too?"
"Yeah,
just let me flush and it's all yours."
I
finished up and walked to the doorway of the bathroom and looked at him with an
evil grin on my face.
"Nice
try, dipstick! You must've hung up too fast on the wake-up computer so it
called you back. Classic!"
I
walked out of the bathroom as he was getting up and heading toward me. As he
walked by me he stuck his tongue out at me and I smacked him on the ass as he
passed by.
"Ouch!
Damn, that stung! Don't start something you can't finish, Mr. Slap my ass
harder..." He laughs again while continuing into the bathroom.
I
pulled some underwear on, not sure if it were his or mine, threw my robe over
myself, grabbed his wadded up shirt and headed into the living area. Our dishes
with dried food on them were still on the table, his tunic was hanging on the
chair and his shoes were on the floor in front of the couch. Being horny makes
people messy, I decided. I started cleaning the dishes up a little and set them
back on the tray to take out to the hall. He was standing at the bedroom door
leering at me.
"Nice
outfit. Hey, I'm gonna grab a shower; I need to get back to the base by 0800 so
I can change my uniform and be at work at 0830."
"OK
sexy man. Have fun. I'm just gonna try to clear some of this shit out of here."
He turned and headed back to the bathroom.
I
got the dishes all loaded up on the tray and carried them to the door. I had to
figure out how I was going to open the door while I held the tray. The door was
spring loaded and closed itself when you let go. I managed to grab the handle
with my finger while balancing the tray and pulled the door open. I set the
tray down in the hall and as I was standing up a guy came out of the room next
to ours. He looked at me and smiled broadly.
I
smiled back. "
Guten
Tag
".
He
replied in English. "Good Morning! And may I say... Bravo!"
I
knew exactly what he meant and my whole body turned beat red. I looked at the
floor for a second, admiring the pattern of the dried food.
"Don't
be embarrassed. Hell, I'd be strutting around if I could manage three hours and
forty-five minutes. That was truly legendary! Besides, I owe you a debt of
thanks."
"I
have no idea how to respond to all of this. I feel mortified; and how on earth
could you owe me a debt of thanks?" I asked him, my color trying to return to
normal.
"Let's
just say your boisterous and amorous activities gave my wife something to think
about and I got lucky for the first time in a month. I couldn't possibly hold a
candle to you guys, but I'm a happy man this morning. So, thank you."
My
red color returned with a vengeance. "I... ah... well... I'm glad we could help, I
guess. You're welcome."
"I
know this may be a bit of a personal question..."
I
interrupted him. "Believe me, you and I have gone way passed personal
questions, go ahead and ask"
"You
look to be about my age... How the hell did you manage almost four hours?"
"I
ah
... I have an incredibly sexy, horny 20 year old
Marine in my shower right at the moment. It was our first night together and I
wanted him to have fun. Now I'm worried I may have set the bar a little high
and he will expect this kind of performance every time. I am forty years old;
this is going to take me a month to recover from."
He
chuckled.
"No doubt.
Well, it was nice getting to meet
you. Congratulations on the 20 year old Marine. I hope you guys are happy
together; and good luck with the, ah, bar..."
"Pleasure
to me you too; and congrats on getting laid. Have a good day."
I
walked back into the room and closed the door, leaning up against it. Oh man...
that did not just happen. I had never been that embarrassed in my whole life,
and I've done some crazy shit in my time. I tried not to think about it anymore
and pushed myself off the door and went to pick up Jake's shirt. I stood there
holding it up by the collar wondering how picky the Marines were about wrinkles
and missing buttons.
I
thought I remembered seeing an iron somewhere around here so I went in search
of it. I couldn't do anything about the buttons, I didn't even know where
they'd landed, but I could work on the wrinkles. I found the iron and an
ironing board in a little closet designed for just their purpose. I pulled the
board down and plugged the iron in to get it hot. While it was warming up I
went and looked around on the floor in the area I thought I'd heard the buttons
hit when Jake ripped his shirt off. I did manage to find one of them, but the
other seemed to be truly MIA. I didn't know how I was planning on attaching the
button to the sleeve, but at least I had it.
I
tested the iron and it was hot, but I needed to pour some water in it so it
would steam out the wrinkles. I grabbed a bottle of water from the bar and
poured some into the iron, listening to it steam and hiss as I did so. When it
was done belching and gurgling I set about ironing out Jake's shirt. As I was
ironing a sleeve he walked up behind me wearing just a towel and put his arms
around my waist. He smelled good.
"Wow!
Sexy and domesticated; how lucky can I get? Thank you for doing that, it's
really nice of you."
He
kissed the side of my face and just kept hugging me from behind. After my
conversation in the hall I really needed this right now.
"You're
very welcome, Jake. I didn't know the Marine policy on wrinkles, but I assumed
they kind of frowned on it. I did find one of the buttons to the sleeve, but I
don't know how we're going to get it back on; I don't have a needle and thread
with me."
"Well
it's really kind of hard to even see the sleeve with my jacket on so we won't
worry about it right now. Thank you for finding it though. I suppose the second
one is MIA?"
I
smiled, thinking he'd used the same term I'd thought about. "Yeah, I couldn't
find it anywhere, but I'll keep looking for it after I get back from taking you
to work."
"You
don't have to take me to work, Mike; the bus runs all the time in town out to
the base."
I
set the iron up so it wouldn't burn his shirt and turned around in his arms.
"Stop telling me about the damn bus. I rented a car Monday afternoon and I am
taking you to the base. We're a team now, and I want to do this for you, so...
shut up!" I smiled to let him know I was kidding about the shut up part.
He
kissed me hard on the mouth. "Well alright then, dammit!"
"Well
alright; fine!" I kissed him back.
I
turned back around and continued ironing his shirt. I was thinking I may as
well do his pants while I had the iron hot. He was still standing right behind
me with his hands on my hips.
"So
what did you rent; a Kia?" He laughed in my ear.
"Well,
sort of. It's a new Mercedes... Actually it's an E-Class turbo Diesel. It made me
think of you when the lady said she had an E-Class available."
"Awesome!
I get to go to work in a new Benz. The other girls will be so jealous."
"Shut
up..."
He
swatted my butt lightly and laughed. Then he walked back to the bedroom. I
finished his shirt and hung it on the chair and went to grab his pants. I also
took a look at his jacket to see if it needed a quick steam; in for a penny...
The jacket looked fine, but there was a bulge in the pocket and I stuck my hand
in to see what it was. I pulled out a wrinkled tie that was still in a knot.
Kids... I took the knot out of the tie and took it and the pants with me to iron
them. I finished ironing his pants and tie and hung them both up neatly on the
back of a chair. I unplugged the iron, put the board back up in its cradle and
walked into the bedroom. I didn't know if I should tell Jake about my
conversation in the hall. I'd been thinking about it while I was ironing, but I
guess I had come to the conclusion that no good could come from telling him. It
would just embarrass the hell out him.
He
was standing naked in the middle of the room. Hell yeah, what a nice image to
walk in on.
"You
present the appearance of a very hot man who has lost something. Can I help?"
"I
can't find my underwear. It's weird, they were on the floor by the bed last
night; I remembered seeing them during a position change, and now I can't find
`
em
."
I
smiled and opened my robe. "Look familiar?"
He
looked at me and got huge grin on his face. "Nice... Are you keeping them?"
I
hadn't thought about it. "Yes, I am! I can give you a nice clean pair if you'd
like."
"Well
that's not exactly a fair trade. You're getting sweaty, dirty,
cummy
ones and all you're offering is clean and pressed in
return?"
I
laughed. I couldn't help it. "I could also offer sweaty
cummy
ones if you'd prefer. I don't know exactly where they are at the moment, but
they are available."
"If
you don't know where they're at, then they're not available. What kind of deal
are you trying to pass on me here?  What else have you got?"
I
laughed again. "I'm not trying to pass any kind of a deal on you. Possession is
nine tenths of the law and I'm in possession of your drawers at the moment, so
you really have no legal standing. You could always go to work commando; you
are a Marine after all."
He
started laughing. "Nah, commando makes my balls itch in those uniform pants.
What else have you got?"
"
Oooo
.
I know. You'll like
this offer, I hope. I was wearing a jock strap when we were on the train together."
He grinned. "I haven't washed it since I took it off, so it should be sweaty
and dirty, though I don't know about
cummy
. I did get
hard a couple of times when I'd sneak a look at you sitting in the corner with
your legs spread, but I don't know if any pre-cum leaked into the pouch."
He
wagged his eyebrows at me and laughed. "Fuck yeah! Bring me the jock!"
I
laughed and went to my duffle bag where I keep my dirty clothes and searched for
the jock. I found it. It was a white one, and I looked to see if there were any
cum stains on it. I couldn't tell. There were a couple of stains on it, but I
didn't know if was piss or cum. I turned around to face him and stuck the pouch
up to my nose and sniffed. He broke up laughing. I walked over to him and
handed him the jock.
"I
couldn't tell if the stain is cum or piss, but here
ya
go."
He
held it up to his face and sniffed it. I smiled. Then he stuck his tongue out
and gingerly licked it. I raised my eyebrows. He smiled at me and crammed the
pouch into his mouth. I moaned.
He
pulled the jock out of his mouth.
"You perv!
I
recognize the taste of your pre-cum on here. You were scoping out my ass on the
train and oozing into your jock! Geez, you were sitting there
perving
on a sweet, innocent boy, getting your rocks off
into your jock strap.
Sweet!"
He stuck it back in his
mouth. I busted up.
"And
you call me a perv. Fuck. I'm going to take a shower. Besides, if I see you
wearing that jock you're not going to make it out of here on time."
I
turned and went to the bathroom and closed the door.
I
was just rinsing my hair off when he barged into the bathroom. He opened the
shower door, looking kind of stressed out.
"What
happened to my tie?"
I
looked up with water running down my face. "It was hanging on the back of the
chair with your pants; maybe it fell off and you didn't notice it?"
"No,
I have it, I was wondering what happened to the knot. I had it tied."
I
was unclear what the hell he meant for a second. "I pulled the knot out and
ironed it, it was all fucked up; looked like it had been in your pocket for a
year. What's wrong?"
"I
uh... don't know how to tie a tie. A buddy tied it for me and I've never taken it
out because I don't know how to get it back. I just loosen it and slip it on
and off my head." He looked worried.
"Baby,
don't worry about it. I spend almost every day of my life wearing a suit; I've
gotten really good at ties. I'll tie it for you."
He
stopped short and then grinned.
"Oh,
OK." He gave me a quick kiss and walked out of the bathroom.
Wow.
My man gets easily stressed out I've discovered.
I
finished my shower and stepped out and dried off. I walked naked back into the
bedroom, but he wasn't in there. I didn't hear him out the other room either.
Maybe he went for a coffee or something. I decided I'd wear a suit for him and
show him the mystery of the tie. I'd made sure I kept his underwear in the
bathroom with me hidden under a towel, so I put them back on, got hard, and then
put the rest of my best suit on. I left the tie just hanging around my neck,
untied. I was standing in the outer room fully dressed when he came in. He
stopped dead in his tracks and whistled at me. I turned crimson.
"Damn,
baby, you are fucking hot in that suit. I didn't know I was turned on by guys
in suits but you definitely pull it off. That's a sweet looking set of threads
you got there."
I
was still a little red. "Thank you. I'm blushing, dammit!" He smiled at me.
"It's my best suit, I'm glad you approve."
"Very
nice, baby; come here." I walk up to him; he puts his arms around me and kisses
me. "You smell and taste as good as you look. Damn!"
"You
do too, you sexy fucker! Are you ready to go grab some breakfast and get out of
here? It's about five after seven."
"Yeah,
but you still have to tie me up, uh, tie my tie for me." He shoots me an evil
grin.
"Where's
your tie?" He points to the chair where his jacket is still hanging. "OK, let's
do this."
We
walked over to the chair and I grabbed his tie and slipped it around his neck
and flipped the shirt collar up to get it under it. I flipped the collar back
down, adjusted the tie to the right length and started to tie it. I couldn't
figure it out; it was all wrong. Damn. I'd never tied a tie for someone else
before. I looked him in the eyes and blushed. He laughed. I spun him around and
reached around him. He giggled. This made more sense to me; it was just like
doing it for
myself
, just further away. I got his tie
tied in no time and spun him back around. I adjusted the knot, pulled it up to
his throat, patted his chest and kissed him.
"There
you go, sexy. All tied up."
He
looked at himself in the mirror and nodded approval.
"Very
nice, baby.
Thank you."
"You're
welcome. Do you have everything you need; I wasn't planning on coming back to
the room after we eat breakfast?"
"I
just have to put my jacket on and grab my cover; everything else is in my
pockets."
"Sweet."
I
tied my own tie and looked in the mirror to see how I checked out and nodded approval
at myself. I patted my pockets to make sure I had the key to the car and my
cell phone and we were ready to go.
He
was back in full Marine hotness; I almost started drooling. Walking down the
hall to the elevator together I noticed that I was walking a lot straighter and
taller, feeling very proud indeed to be walking next to this sexy Marine. When
the elevator doors opened our next door neighbor and his wife stepped off. My
heart sank. I heard the woman catch her breath. They both said good morning to
us, the man nodded at us, and they continued walking down the hall. Whew! We
got on the elevator and headed to the lobby. When the elevator stopped and we
stepped off it seemed like everyone in the lobby stopped to check us out. I did
not like being the center of attention, and I was really hoping it wasn't
because of our noisy love making. We turned and headed to the restaurant, and I
swear I could feel every eye in the building on us. Maybe I was just being
paranoid. I hoped to god our neighbor hadn't been telling everyone he saw what
we were doing last night. We got to the restaurant without anyone making a
comment. They had a small breakfast buffet set up and we helped ourselves to it
and sat down.
I
looked over at Jake. "Do you normally get this kind of attention wearing that
uniform?"
"Most
of the time.
Why? Did someone give us a dirty look
or something?"
"No.
It just seemed like every eye in the building is on us. I don't know how you
got used to it; it's disconcerting. I mean I understand why they're looking at
you; you're hot as fuck, but it's kind of nerve wracking, isn't it?"
"Thank
you. Glad you noticed; I was working for hot as fuck while I was getting
dressed." He just grinned at me and watched me turn red. "But seriously, I
never pay any attention to it; it's just something that comes with the uniform.
And it's not just me they're looking at, you're looking pretty hot as fuck
yourself there, stud. And together we make one sexy fucking couple." He just
smiled at me and took a bite.
I
turned even more crimson. He just laughed. I dug into my food and tried to
ignore everyone around us. It was a little comforting to know that he drew this
kind of attention when he was in uniform; it allayed my fears about everyone
knowing we fucked each other's brains out last night. The discomfort passed
fairly quickly because I was starving; I needed to replenish some of the
calories I'd burned last night, so I just ate my first plate of food and went
back and got more. I finished it off too. Jake did pretty well for himself as
well, polishing off two plates of food and two bowls of cereal. Ah, my growing
boy.
We
finished breakfast, grabbed a couple of cups of coffee to go and headed out the
door to the parking garage. The Kia Benz was right where I'd left it. I pulled
on his sleeve to stop him.
"Hey,
over here."
I pulled the key out of my pants pocket
and offered it to him. "Do you
wanna
drive? I know
how you've had your heart set on a new Kia Benz."
He
laughs. "That was a good one, I like it! But I can't drive a civilian vehicle
in a foreign country; I don't have my driver's license. They made me send it
home and gave me a military ID. I would love to though. I don't know why you
don't like them; I think it looks sweet, for a sedan."
"Bummer.
That sucks that you're not allowed to drive here. Well hop in; you're playing
navigator today."
I
popped the door locks with the remote and we both got in the car. I got it
started and backed out of the parking space. We headed out of the garage and he
told me to turn right and go straight. I laughed. He gave me a weird look.
"Never
straight, baby; always forward." It took him a second to get it, but then he
chuckled.
We
made pretty good time to the base with him providing directions; it was still
only seven fifty. I'd been trying to pay as much attention as possible during
the drive so I could find my way back. The car had sat-
nav
in it but I had no clue how to use the dumb thing; what's wrong with a map, I
wondered. I saw the sign on the road that said the main gate was a half
kilometer away, but he told me to pull off the road here. I was wondering what
he was up to. I pulled over to the shoulder of the road and put the car in park
and turned to look at him.
"Is
everything alright?"
"Yeah,
no problems, I just didn't want to drive in yet."
"OK."
We sat quietly for a moment. "I had an incredible time last night, baby. I'm
sure glad you called me. I was going crazy wondering if I'd ever see you again.
I missed you so much it hurt."
"Yeah,
it was fucking amazing. I still can't believe some of the things we did..."
"Hey,
are you OK, Jacob? You seem like you have something on your mind."
I
could tell he was looking for words; he stayed quiet for about a full minute.
"I...
I... I don't know... I'm just... I keep wondering if all of this is just a dream and
I'm going to wake up when I walk through that gate and you won't be there. And
the whole night, everything we said to each other, will be just a faded memory.
I know I'm just being a dumbass, but it scares me a little."
I
took my seatbelt off and turned in my seat to face him. "Look at me, Jake. Last
night was very real. Last night was day one! Last night was the beginning of
our journey together. I meant every word I said to you last night. I want you
to be my partner, my best friend, my lover, my reason for getting up in the
morning. I love you. I am so in love with you that my heart aches. No, we don't
really know each other that well. We had six hours on a train together talking
and we had four hours of hot, sweaty man sex. Can you build a relationship from
that? I sure the fuck hope so, because I plan on doing it. I need you there
with me though. We need the time to learn about each other outside of the
bedroom. We have our whole lives in front of us to do that though. I want to
know everything there is to know about you. I want to know your joys and your
fears. I want you to know everything there is to know about me; how much I
really hate mornings, how anal retentive I can be about the dumbest things, how
much I love to fly, how much I love to explore new places, especially this
country we're sitting in right now. We both have a lifetime of experiences
under our belts and a whole lifetime of new experiences to share with each
other. You want to go back to Berlin to explore more and learn more about
Hitler and the war. I would be truly honored to be able to share that with
you." I had felt my future being threatened and I felt I was fighting for my
life.
He
sat there staring at me with tears streaming down his face. My heart broke all
over again. I took his hand in mine. I wanted to just pull him to me and hold
him, but parked outside a military base, repeal of don't ask - don't tell or
not, it didn't seem like the brightest idea. I just took his hand in mine then
laid my other hand on top.
"Jacob,
it's our lives I'm talking about. It's you and me against the world; and
together we can accomplish anything. I need you. I need you in my life."
We
sat in the car just looking in each other's eyes, both of us crying. After a
few moments, I smiled big for him, through the tears.
"I
want to see you again tonight. I will be out here at the gate at 1700 hours
sharp. We're not fucking tonight. We're going to go out to dinner, where we
will talk, telling each other what we want the other to know. Then we will
leave the restaurant and go for a walk, and we will talk some more. Bring some
civilian clothes with you and we will hold hands while we walk." He smiled.
"After we walk around the city for a while we will return to the hotel, go up
to OUR room, make out for a little bit because I have to feel your lips on
mine, and then we will talk some more. When we are too tired to talk anymore we
will go to bed where we will spend the night holding each other. If you have a
problem with these plans, keep `
em
to yourself."
He
smiled and laughed once. I felt better. It was so nice to see his smile again.
He squeezed my hands with his and pulled one out to wipe the tears from his
face. He looked back into my eyes.
"You
are a force to be reckoned with, aren't you? Wow. Thank you. Thank you for
every single word that just came out of your mouth. I needed to hear all of
them. I'm sorry too. I know you don't like me to say it, but I'm saying it
anyway. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I scared you. I'm sorry I was being a dumbass. I'm
sorry I doubted us. It won't happen again. I was scared, plain and simple. The
closer we got to the base the more scared I got. As we were driving along I
just kept running all these stupid scenarios through my head that last night
was nothing more than a good fuck. I'm sorry. My head runs away on occasion.
And I get stressed out easily sometimes, you may have noticed." I smile. "Yeah,
you noticed. My heart has been aching since Sunday afternoon when we got off
the train, and after spending the night with you I just couldn't believe that
the aching could be gone in just one night. I felt like I hadn't paid a high
enough price to make that much pain
go
away. There had
to be something, some kind of payback that was going to bite me in the ass. I
just started to think that maybe the whole night wasn't real; that the dream
was my payback for letting
myself
believe that the
ache in my chest had stopped. Like I said, I was being a dumbass. I really am
sorry I scared you. And, yes, I agree with every one of your plans for the
evening. I will be at this gate by 1710 if I have to chew my way out to it; and
I will have a knapsack with civvies in it. I want to hold your hand in public.
I want to kiss you and hold you in public too; so that everyone knows you're
mine. Just not the Marines; I'm sorry. I'm not ready for that yet, baby."
"I
know. Don't worry about that. I thought about that when I saw you crying and
wanted to pull you into a hug. Then I thought, no, not outside the fence of a
military base; really bad idea. You feel better? You ready to go inside and get
to work?"
"Yeah,
let me make sure my face is completely dry. Marines aren't supposed to show up
for work crying you know; it looks bad on the Corps." He smiled at me.
We
both dropped the visor mirrors and checked to see that we were presentable.
Agreeing that we were I put my seatbelt back on. Before I could put the car in
gear he touched my arm and I looked at him.
"I
love you, Michael."
"I
love you too, Jacob; always."  There had been something I was going to ask
him before we stopped and I finally remembered what it was. "Hey, are you
allowed to make or receive personal phone calls while you're at work?"
"Yeah,
but you can't give any indication about the real us. I don't know if they
listen or not."
"Are
you allowed to have a cell phone?"
"Sure,
but I didn't bring mine with me; I didn't figure it would work here anyway."
I
reached into my jacket pocket and pulled out my cell phone and handed it to
him. "Take this; it works just fine here. If you get a call from someone asking
for me just tell them I'm not available to take their call and take a message
if it's convenient for you to do so. I will go get another cell phone this
morning for you. And don't worry, I'm not some silly teenage girl that's going
to call and text you 65 times a day; I just want to be able to get in touch
with you if I need to. And sometimes, just to hear your voice. OK?"
He
smiles. "OK."
"So
what happens at the gate? Do I just drop you off or do I get to go in and take
you to your apartment? I know I won't get to kiss you bye, thankfully we did
that before we left the hotel."
"You
just drop me off at the gate. No civilian traffic without permits is allowed on
the base. I don't think it would be worth it for a rental car, but once you get
the car you want I can get you a permit for it and you can drive me all the way
to my door. You can even come up to my apartment to see it; and kiss me
passionately if you want to."
"Oh
I want to, baby, I want to. Believe me I do. I'd like to right now. OK, I'll
keep all of that information in mind. Thank you. You ready?"
"Yep,
I'm ready. Let's go. It's starting to get late, and I still need to get out of
this monkey suit."
"I
love your monkey suit, but okay, let's go."
I
put the car in gear and pulled back onto the road. We were at the gate in two
minutes. I turned my signal on and pulled in behind a big, green deuce and a
half. I didn't see anyone in the back of it, so I reached out and grabbed
Jake's hand squeezed it and then let go.
"Have
a good day at work, dear. I love you."
He
smirked, but softly said he loved me too. The truck pulled through the gate and
I pulled up to the guard shack. Jake told me I could just turn left around the
guard shack and pull back out on to the road. He took his seat belt off, opened
the door, told me to have a great day and said goodbye, then got out of the car
and walked over to the guard to show his ID. I put the car in gear, gave him a
half salute through the window and made my way back to the road. The car felt
really empty now. I looked in the mirror and could see him walking away from
the gate. He turned around and waved at the car. I held my hand up and waved
back, then checked for traffic and pulled back onto the road leading back to
town. I had a lot to accomplish before five o'clock.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 3 (Chapter 16)

Chapter
3: My Dinner with Jake
I
awoke Tuesday morning just two minutes before my phone was due to ring at 0600.
I could do military time with the best of them I thought to myself and laughed.
I got ready to start my day and was at my meeting at 0800, after driving myself
to it. I didn't even get lost once. Who says you can't teach an old dog? The
meeting went as planned, and after about three hours we were basically signed,
sealed and delivered. My new business associates offered to take me to lunch to
seal our new deal and I readily agreed; I was starving. My cold dinner and no
breakfast had taken its toll. We ate at a local brew pub and I wolfed down an
incredible lunch. I don't normally drink, but the beer tasted good and I had a
pint. We were at the pub for about an hour and a half, so by the time I left I
had five hours until my dinner with Jake.
The
longest five hours of my entire life. I played out so many scenarios in my head
throughout the day that by five o'clock I was almost dizzy. I was a nervous
wreck. My hands were shaking and I couldn't concentrate on any one thing for
more than a few seconds. What an afternoon. At 1600 I jumped in the shower,
damn near scrubbed myself raw and then just leaned against the wall and let the
hot water run over my body. I stayed in the shower for about twenty minutes but
eventually decided that looking like a raw prune when he got there wouldn't be
very good. I jumped out of the shower, dried myself off and went and looked at
my clothes. Oh hell, what do I wear? Suit and tie? This wasn't a business
dinner, it was dinner with a 20 year old Marine; my Jake.
Jeans
and a polo shirt?
Maybe...
A jock strap and a big smile?
Fun... No, this was serious. I settled on the jeans and polo shirt. I was dressed
and groomed by four forty-five. Fuck, forty-five minutes of sheer agony to go.
I paced. I sat. I tried the television. I killed the T.V. and paced some more.
Oh shit! I hadn't even called room service to have any drinks brought up. I had
water and the little in-room coffee maker. It would have to do for now.
Just
as I finished that thought there was a knock on the door. I looked at my watch;
it was five eighteen. Could be... I walked over and opened the door. The sight in
front of me was simply incredible. Standing in the hall was the sexiest Marine
I'd ever laid eyes on. He was in full dress blues, white gloves hanging on his
belt and his cover tucked under his left arm.
"Fuck
me..." I immediately turned bright red and he smiled. "Oh my God; I'm so sorry,
Jake! Please, come in."
He
smiled, and as I stood aside holding the door open, he walked in past me. I
closed the door and stood there for a second trying to catch my breath. I
turned around and there was Jake, just standing in the entry way looking like
he might pass out.
"Jake.
Relax. We spent six hours together on a train in a little hundred cubic foot
box; this shouldn't be that difficult for us."
He
smiled and nodded, but still just kept standing there. Something had to be
done, and quickly. I walked up to him, took his hat from under his arm, set it
on the table and pulled him into a fierce bear hug. He threw his arms around me
and held on tight. I could feel the side of my face getting wet. Oh man, he was
crying. Seeing anyone cry tears me up, knowing this Marine that I was head over
heels in love with was crying wiped me out. I just held him tighter and
whispered into his ear.
"It's
alright. It's going to be OK." He squeezed me tighter.
We
held each other for at least five minutes. We both had tears streaming down our
faces. I released him from my hug and pulled back a little to get a look at
him. He turned his head to the side, trying to hide his face from me. I took my
finger and turned his face back towards me and gave him a small smile. I then
reached up and wiped the tears away from his cheeks and eyes. Then I wiped my
own tears off my face and looked him square in the eyes. I was holding on to
his arms, gently squeezing them.
"Are
you going to be OK?"
"Yeah,
I think." He gave me a small smile. The smile morphed into a look of
frustration. "Fuck...I'm a Marine for Christ's sake; I'm not supposed to blubber
like a little boy. I'm sorry."
"Don't
ever apologize to me for showing emotion. It's OK to cry sometimes. It doesn't
matter if you're a Marine or a five year old boy; if the emotions are that
strong, let them show." I smiled at him and nodded encouragement.
I
grabbed his hand and led him into the room and sat him down on the couch,
sitting next to him, turned facing him.
"Talk
to me, Jacob. Tell me what's going on in that heart of yours. Please."
He
looked at me and just couldn't seem to find the words for several seconds. I
just nodded encouragement.
"Argh.
I wish I knew. I've never felt like this before. I have these incredible
emotions and thoughts running through me and I can't define them and I can't
get a handle on them. It's making me fucking crazy! Sorry..."
"Dammit,
quit apologizing to me. Swear! Cuss! Scream! Cry! Just let it out. I've heard
every swear word in the English, and German language, you won't offend me."
"Sorry.
Dammit!" We both grin. "Here goes... I can't get you out of my head. I've thought
about you non-stop since you kissed me on that train. You possessed me somehow,
and I don't know what to do with the emotions and feelings you left there. I've
never felt like this before and it's scaring the crap out of me. And no, it's
not because you're a man. I've known for several years that I might be gay, but
it's that these feelings are so fucking strong. I've had crushes on guys
before, and I thought I was in love with them, but what I was feeling then
doesn't hold a candle to the feelings I have now..."
I
sat looking at him for a couple of seconds before I found my own voice.
"Jacob...
I... I know exactly what you're going through. I really do. The last two days
have been an emotional roller coaster that would qualify as the ultimate
E-Ticket ride. I can't explain it either; and I've looked just as hard for the
answers as you have. And yeah, I'm gay, and I've been in love, but I don't ever
remember feeling the intensity and emotional press that I've been feeling for
the last two days. I've been a worthless wreck for the last forty-eight hours
and I don't know how to channel it anymore."
We
sat there looking at each other for a couple of minutes without speaking.
Finally, I had to say something.
"Actually
Jacob, I do know how to channel it. I love you. I am in love with you. I love
you with all my heart and I don't want to be without you ever again. I've heard
of love at first sight, and though I've never experienced it, I now believe in
it. Baby, I am so in love with you it physically hurts..."  I sat there
looking into his eyes for a sign, feeling completely drained.
The
tears were streaming down his face again. His eyes were puddles and his hands
were shaking on his lap. He looked me square in the eyes.
"Oh
God... I love you too"
He
threw himself around me. I held him like he was dying and just knew I was never
going to release him from this embrace.
We
held each other for about ten minutes, neither of us willing to let go. My back
was starting to hurt a little but I really didn't care; I had him in my arms
and I wasn't giving him back. I turned my lips to the side of his face and
started kissing the tears away. When I had the right side of his face cleaned
up he pulled back a little and looked at me and smiled. I released the hug and
stood up, pulling him up with me. I got my back straightened out and then
started kissing away the tears on the left side of his face. As I was kissing
the tears he turned his face and his lips met mine. He kissed me with such
passion that I damn near lost my footing. We melted into each other, holding
the most passionate kiss I'd ever had.
We
kissed, holding on tightly to each other, for about a minute. We were both
getting really winded, and we'd both had such an emotional meltdown that we
finally pulled apart. He looked right at me, smiled shyly, and I knew right
then we were together. I don't have the words to explain how happy that made
me. I just smiled right back at him. Then we started giggling, realizing how
kind of goofy we looked standing there smiling at each other like fools. The
ice finally broken we were able to relax a little.
"I
love you, Jacob."
"I
love you, too. More than I thought was possible."
"Are
you feeling better? Are you going to be OK?"
"Oh
yeah; much, much better.
I didn't think the butterflies in
my gut were ever going to fly out, but they're gone and I'm happy, and I'm in
love."
"Me
too, baby, me too. Are you hungry? Do you want to order dinner?"
"I'm
hungry, but my dinner is standing right in front of me." He went a little pink
after he said it. I just smiled at him.
"Well
baby, you are appetizer, dinner and dessert all rolled up into one. I can't
believe just how incredibly hot you look in that uniform. I thought you looked
hot in jeans and a t-shirt, but damn... I almost came when I opened the door and
saw you standing there."
He
laughed. "Yeah, I seem to remember the first words out of your mouth were,
`Fuck me...'. You have no idea how much that went towards making me feel right
about my decision to come here. I could see the love and the lust in your eyes
when you were looking at me. Talk about an ego boost."
"Well
baby, don't ever forget, I think you're the hottest, sexiest man I've ever laid
eyes on. The uniform is kind of like the icing. It's nice, but it's the man in
the uniform that does it for me. Before this night is over I really hope you'll
allow me to see the man in the uniform; all of him."
"I
think that can be arranged, baby." I smiled big; it was the first time he
called me baby. He probably thought it was because he'd agreed to get naked
with me, but nope... "And the uniform wasn't on purpose either. I didn't wear it
to turn you on, didn't really think about it having that effect. I had to wear
it for work today and didn't want to take the time to go home and change."
"Thank
your commander for me when you see him. Seriously though, it wouldn't have
mattered if you showed up wearing a smelly, dirty sweat shirt and raggedy,
grungy pants; the effect is the same. It's you, sexy; not the clothes." I
leaned forward and kissed him on the mouth. Just a quick one, then pulled back.
"I
think we really should get some real food to eat. Believe me, if things go like
I think we're both hoping they go we're going to need the calories. Besides, I
don't want to just jump into bed with you twenty minutes after we've both had
an emotional meltdown; doesn't seem right."
Jake
smiled at me at nodded. "You're right. What do they have to eat in this joint?
I am kind of hungry; I haven't been able to eat in the last couple of days."
"Just
about anything you want. I think the menu is on the desk by the phone. It's
even in English, so you don't need an interpreter. Make yourself comfortable
and I'll get it for you."
He
smiled and then reached up for the top button of his tunic. I reached up and
put my hand over his.
"May
I?"
"Sure."
"Thanks.
It actually does help me fulfill a little fantasy of mine." I blushed.
He
just got a big grin on his face. I started undoing the buttons on his tunic
while he stood there watching my face intently. The look on his face was
turning me on more than taking his clothes off him. I really did want to
complete this small task without it turning into a hot, steamy sex session. Not
yet...
I
got the buttons undone and then started to pull it off his shoulders while at
the same time pulling him into me. I had his arms trapped in the sleeves so he
really couldn't do anything but press up against me; and that he did. I could
also feel him growing a hard-on while he did so. My own cock started to grow in
my jeans. Oh man, this was going where I didn't need it to go just yet. I got
his arms out of the sleeves and held the tunic in my right hand. He slid his
arms around me and continued to thrust his hard cock into my crotch. I pulled
back just a couple of inches and grabbed his face in my hands.
"Not
yet, baby, please. I want you so bad, but just not yet. I want this to be so
right, and I want it to be really special. We have to maintain for a little
bit, alright?" He smiled and nodded.
"Sorry,
I know. I couldn't help it though, I was just getting so turned on feeling you take
my clothes off. I'll be good; for a little while." He grinned at me and I
chuckled.
I
laid his tunic over the back of the chair and asked him to have a seat. I went
and grabbed the menu off the desk and came back while he was taking his shoes
off. The boy definitely wasn't much into shoes, but that's okay. Whatever he
wanted was his for the taking.
"Here
you go. Browse through it and see if anything on the menu sounds good to you."
He
got a shit eating grin on his face. "Are you on the menu?"
I
smiled.
"Yeah, but only for dessert.
We're going to be
each other's dessert from now on, OK?"
"Hell
yeah!"
He grinned again.
We
finally got dinner ordered and on the way. While we were waiting for it to show
up we started talking again, much like we had on the train, easy and relaxed.
It was great and we were happy; with one small moment of panic.
"Mike,
how much longer is your business going to take?"
"We
wrapped up the majority of the talks today. Now we just have to have all the paperwork
drawn up and get all the signatures. I'm guessing in the next two days."
I
didn't realize when I said it how it would sound to Jake. He looked stricken.
Oh hell.
"That
soon?
We only get two days together?"
"Baby,
no; no, not at all. I already decided last night that as long as you're here,
I'm here. I will just get a place here; I will move here. I'm not going
anywhere without you."
He
exhaled and relaxed again. "Are you sure? Don't you have to be in the U.S. to
take care of your business?
And what about your family?
Can you really just pick up and move to another country?  I won't ask you
to do that."
"You
didn't ask me to; I came up with it on my own. And yes, I can just pick up and
move to another country. I've lived here before, Jake, I can live here again.
The business can be run from anywhere, and my family consists of my parents and
siblings. I can fly my parents here if we need to see each other. It's not a
big deal, really. Remember what I said about no regrets? I would regret it more
than anything ever in my life if I left with you still here. No discussion. I'm
sorry, but I'm going to be really stubborn about this."
He
looked a little taken aback. "Well OK, then."
"OK."
We both laughed.
We
finally got our dinner and continued our conversation in short bursts while we
ate.
"Jake,
what kind of schedule do you have? Is it basically like a nine to five
gig,
or do you have training and all the other stuff that
comes with being a Marine?"
"It's
pretty much an eight thirty to five gig, but yeah, we have training once a
month. Other than that I'm free in the evenings and on most weekends." He
shoves a forkful of food in his mouth.
"Where
do you live?" I asked him when he was getting ready to swallow.
"I
live on base, in a tiny studio apartment. It's pretty much all they have
available for single, enlisted men, unless you want to share a house with a
group of people. That didn't appeal to me, so I took tiny." He laughed and
shoved more food in.
I
waited for the inevitable swallow. "Are you allowed to live off-base?"
"Oh
sure, just give them my address. But I can't afford to, it's much cheaper
on-base." It started to sink in where I was going with this. He got an excited
look in his eyes. "Where are you headed with this line of questioning, Mr.
Adler?" He grinned like someone in on a secret.
"Wouldn't
you like to know?" I shoved a forkful of food in my own mouth, trying not to
laugh with my mouth full.
"Hey!
You can't leave me hanging like that, it's not nice!" He was grinning from ear
to ear as he said it.
I
couldn't help it, I have a dirty mind, and I laughed and spit my food out.
"Baby, I would never leave you hanging; hard and stiff all the way."
He
was laughing because I'd spit my food out. "Are you suggesting what I think
you're suggesting?"
"About
having you hard and stiff all the way? Hell yeah. About us getting a place
together? Hell yeah. If you don't mind sharing a house that is; but it won't be
with a group of people; you'd be stuck with just me."
"Are
you fucking serious? I'd love it! And yes, I mean both of those things! I would
love living with you hard and stiff!" He looked like Christmas morning and I
couldn't help it, I fell more in love with him that moment.
"I
am very fucking serious, baby. I want to share stiff and hard with you in our
own home. All kidding aside though, well mostly kidding about stiff and hard, I
am posing a serious question to you. Do you want to get a house together with
me?"
He
was still laughing, but trying to pull himself together. He looked at me very
seriously. "Are you fucking kidding me, I would love that!! Not ten minutes ago
I thought I was losing you in two days, now you're asking me if I want to share
a home with you. Hell yes, I want to share my life, my body, my love and a home
with you! Not necessarily in that order though; I share my love first."
"Oh,
that did it! You are officially loved, Jacob. OK, now how about this weekend?
Are you free? We can go look at houses. I will find an estate agent in the
meantime and get some set up, that way we're not wasting time."
"I
was officially loved two days ago, and you know it."
Touché.
"Yeah, this weekend would be fucking great; no training."
"Excellent!
Are you sure you're not a sailor? You swear like one." I stuck my tongue out at
him and smiled.
He
smirked. "Marines teach sailors how to swear; without us they wouldn't know
their ass from a hole in the ground. Sorry though, you said it didn't bother
you."
"It
doesn't, I'm just fucking with you."
"Well
I'd rather we were fucking in a different way right now. I'm not hungry
anymore, and you just made me a very happy little Marine. So show me where the
bedroom is in this joint." He didn't look at all like he was kidding.
I
stood up from the table, walked around and took his hand in mine.
"Come
with me, little Marine." He grinned and got up.
"I
planned to."
I
pulled Jake into the bedroom, kicking the door closed with my foot after we'd
passed through it. I led him over to the side of the bed, where I stopped and
turned to face him. I had a hold of his hand and I reached and grabbed his
other hand in mine.
"Come
here..."
He
walked into my kiss, while pulling his hands free from mine and grabbing my
face in both his hands. I love when my face is caressed while being kissed, it
makes it all the more intimate. He continued kissing me and caressing my face,
and then I felt his tongue demanding entry to my mouth. I opened my mouth more
and met his tongue with mine. The kiss became more and more passionate as we sought
out each other's tongues, our breathing and moaning becoming the only sounds in
the room. As we stood there kissing I could feel his cock getting hard and
pressing into my rapidly growing cock, the moaning and breathing increasing in
tempo to match our passion. I was rubbing my hands all over his head, reveling
in the feel of his soft, short hair in my fingers. We couldn't seem to pull
each close enough to satisfy our need, we just kept kissing and licking and
touching each other's heads and faces. I grabbed his head in both my hands and
pulled him away from my mouth, looking right at him, seeing the passion and
lust in his eyes.
"I
need all of you, baby." I said breathlessly.
I
reached my fingers down to the buttons on his uniform shirt and started undoing
them as fast as my trembling fingers would allow. While I was undoing the
buttons he leaned in and licked my face from my chin to my nose. I moaned and
kissed him again. We continued kissing while I went back to fumbling with his
buttons. I finally got the buttons on the shirt undone and realized I would
need to do sleeve buttons too. I pulled back from his kiss and grabbed his left
arm and brought his hand to my face. I undid the two buttons on his sleeve,
then took his hand and stuck his index finger in my mouth and started sucking
on it. He moaned louder and his eyes glazed over with the lust and passion he
was feeling. I pulled his index finger out of my mouth and proceeded to suck on
the rest of his fingers, one after the other.
When
I was done with his left hand, I let it back down gently to his side and was
reaching for his right hand when he stepped back and just ripped his shirt off,
the buttons on his right sleeve flying somewhere across the room. I then yanked
his t-shirt out of his pants and ripped it up over his head. The sight in front
of my eyes was truly amazing. He has such a beautiful body; I couldn't drink
enough in at one time to satisfy myself. While I was staring at the shirtless,
sexy man in front of me, he grabbed the bottom of my shirt and yanked it up,
with me finally realizing I had to lift my arms up for him to get it off of me.
He finished yanking my shirt over my head and just threw it over his shoulder.
He looked hungry. He was now doing what I had been doing to him; just staring
at my face and torso with a lustful gaze, not knowing where to start.
I
acted first, bending my head down and attacking his left nipple with my mouth.
He moaned loudly then grabbed the back of my head and pushed it harder into his
hardening nipple. I don't know if he'd ever had anyone suck and bite his
nipples before, but it seemed to be having one hell of an effect on him. His
moaning became louder and his hands roaming over my head couldn't seem to find
a place to stop. I had his left nipple as hard as his cock was and I switched
over to the right one. His moaning continued, as did his hands dry-washing my
hair. I sucked and bit on his right nipple for another two or three minutes and
he was panting by the time I stopped, and then my tongue started its trail down
his chest and onto his stomach.
He
spoke breathlessly. "Oh my God, Mike, if you keep this up I'm gonna cum in my
pants. I'm so fucking turned on I don't know what to do."
I
ran my tongue back up his chest and found his mouth again. I tried to slow our
passion down just a notch; I didn't want him to cum just yet. I grabbed his
head in my hands again and pulled him back, looking at his lust filled eyes.
I'd never seen such a beautiful, sexy sight in all my life.
"Relax
baby... Calm down. It's not time to cum just yet. I at least get to taste it,
don't I?"
He
exhaled loudly and tried to smile. "I want you to, baby; God how I want you to,
but I don't know how much longer I can hold on. You and your tongue have me
turned on like I've never been turned on before. Fuck baby, I didn't know my
nipples had a direct line to my cock; it's amazing! I didn't know man nipples
were that sensitive, I thought it was only women. Fuck, man!"
I
smiled big. "It's OK, baby. Feels good though, doesn't it?" He nodded
vigorously. "I think we might have to take a different track. You'll like it, I
promise. I just couldn't resist. When I got your shirt off and looked at you,
the sight in front of me was just so incredible I couldn't stop. I just wanted
to lick every part of your body."
I
leaned in and started kissing him again. He responded immediately by shoving
his tongue down my throat. Oh man, he tastes so good, even after having just
eaten. I reached up with my hands and started tweaking his nipples with my
fingers, lightly pinching them, then rubbing them, then pinching again. He was
moaning full bore again and trying to swallow me and ramming his tongue into my
tonsils all at the same time. I let go of his right nipple and ran my right
hand down his side, then came up under his balls and felt his throbbing cock
through his pants. His pants were soaked with pre-cum, or he'd already cum,
there was so much of it. My hand came up not just damp, but wet from his pants.
I pulled away from his kiss and licked and sucked a couple of my fingers and
then I offered him a couple to suck on. He moaned at the taste. He grabbed my
hand and started ramming all my fingers in his mouth one by one. I couldn't
keep him waiting any longer; he wasn't going to make it another five minutes.
I
pulled my hand away from him and quickly reached down, undid his pants and let
them drop to the floor. I kissed him quickly then dropped to my knees, yanked
his boxer-briefs off over his pulsing cock and rammed it straight down my throat.
I really didn't even get a good look at it before I stuck it in my mouth, but
guessing by the size of the meat throbbing in my mouth I figured it to be about
seven and half inches. He screamed. I was glad old German hotels have thick
walls. I smiled on his cock then just started sucking for all I was worth. I'd
pull off to the head then ram the whole thing back in my mouth. I grabbed his
balls in my left hand while I was sucking his cock and started squeezing them
gently. I then lifted my right hand up to his chest and started pinching his
left nipple. That was it! Five thrusts down on his cock and he screamed again.
"Fuck!
I'm cumming! Oh Fuck..."
I
would have paid $1,000 to see this orgasm and I didn't see any of it. I did
taste it however. By the force of the fluid hitting my throat and tonsils I
would've guessed that his load would have shot all the way to the lobby. I just
kept swallowing, and I was having a hell of time keeping up. I didn't keep
count, but I would guess he shot eight to ten volleys of hot Marine cum into my
mouth. The first three alone felt like he was pissing in my mouth there was so
much. And oh, the taste... Fuck... I was one happy man with the taste of my man's
seed in my mouth. He was still kind of in the middle of his orgasm when I
started milking his cock with my mouth. He yelled out then sat down heavily on
the bed.
"Fuck,
man; that was fucking mind blowing... I didn't know it was possible to cum that
hard!"
He
exhaled and smiled again. I reached up and kissed him softly on the mouth,
letting him get a little taste of what he'd fed me in copious amounts. I pulled
my face away and looked at him. He smacked his lips and smiled.
"Tasty!"
I
laughed. "God yes, it's tasty. The best thing I've ever eaten, baby. Are you
alright now?"
"Yeah,
I'm alright. That was just fucking incredible, Michael. My balls ache from
shooting so hard. Did that ever happen to you?"
"Once,
a long time ago; I'd had a serious case of blue balls for about ten days. When
I finally busted I thought I'd pissed all over myself there was so much of it,
and it just kept shooting, wave after wave. When it was finally done my balls
felt like they'd been run through a juicer." He giggled. "When was the last
time you busted a nut?"
"I
don't remember; probably about four days ago. It was worth the wait; especially
since I had you here when it happened." He smiled at me.
I
smiled back at him. "I'm very glad I was here when it happened. That was
monumental, porno movie quality nut busting. Now that you're nuts don't feel
like they're backed up for miles, how about we get down to some seriously
sensuous love making? I know you have to be back at work in the morning, but I
plan to keep you busy for a while longer."
"Hell
yeah, I'll be recovered in about two minutes. Can I get some water though; my
throat's kind of dry."
"Of
course.
Be right back, sexy man."
I
went and got him a glass of water from the bathroom faucet and brought it back
to him. When I walked back in the room it dawned on me that there was an
incredibly sexy man lying naked on my bed that I'd been dying to see in just
this very position for two days, and I hadn't even gotten a good look at him. I
stopped dead in my tracks about ten feet from the bed.
He
looked over at me. "You OK? Is something wrong?"
"No
baby, not from this angle; there isn't anything wrong. Everything is just
perfect actually. Holy crap, you're beautiful!" He flushed red.
"Don't
get embarrassed; you are beautiful; just accept it. It hit me when I was
walking back from the bathroom that I've had you stripped down, lying naked on
my bed for about ten minutes and I haven't snuck a single peak. Well I'm
peaking now."
He
was just lying on the bed, his legs dangling off the edge, bent at the knees,
where he'd landed when he sat down. He giggled and turned red again.
I
finished the last ten feet and handed him the glass of water while he sat up.
He drank it down and handed the empty glass back to me.
"More?"
He
shook his head no. I set the glass down on the nightstand, turned around and
laid down on the bed next to him, bringing him down with me. I put my hand on
his chest and started playing with his nipples again. They bumped up hard
almost instantly. Note to self: if you ever need to turn him on quickly, go
nipples.
"Oh
man, please, not that just yet."
I
lifted my hand off his chest and decided on a different tact. I smiled at him
and let myself slip off the bed onto the floor. Once there I started running my
hands up and down his legs, ankle to thigh and back again. He has light fuzz on
his legs and it was amazingly sexy to see and touch. He calves would quiver a
little every time I ran my fingers over them. It was fun to watch. He still had
his socks on, and to be perfectly honest that was fine by me. I've never been a
foot guy, and not likely to change now; even for him. I took the opportunity to
get a better look at the package that had just unloaded it's essence into my
throat. Wow! Nice. Laying there all soft and snuggled was a very nice, probably
four inch un-cut cock, nestled against a pair of walnut sized balls that seemed
so relaxed and hanging low in a silky smooth sack. My boy shaved and trimmed
the hedges I thought to myself. And God, did it look sexy as hell. His foreskin
was pulled down almost all the way over the head of his cock, but I could still
see a small portion of it peaking out. I could also see a lot of left over cock
juice and pre-cum. My mouth started to water. Maybe not, he's probably still
too sensitive. It's worth a shot. I leaned forward, stuck my tongue out and
licked the head of his cock. He shivered and yelped. Oh, the taste! He pleaded
with me to work elsewhere. OK, I'll give him this one.
I
decided that running my tongue up and down his legs would be fun too, and it
could also lead me to that incredible ass of his. I could spend days with my
tongue buried in Jake's ass and be a happy man. I started licking his ankle on
his left leg, then ran my tongue up behind his calf muscle. It twitched again
and I smiled, but continued my tongue exploration of his legs. I made my way up
to his lower thigh, swirling around in a small area, then jumped over to his
right thigh and started the same tongue dance. I ran my tongue down his right
leg, stopping off at his calf muscles again, circling and flicking my tongue,
watching the muscle jump each time I did. I think he caught on to me.
"Are
you having fun watching my leg jump like that?"
"Well
yeah, as a matter of fact I am."
I
heard him giggle above me, so I continued on with my tongue bath.
I
was on my way up his left leg again when I just happened to look up and see
that his cock was starting to grow; the head peaking out to see how the weather
was. OK, it's on now. I kept running my tongue up his leg, dipping down the
inside of his thigh and took a quick swipe of one testicle. He jumped. I didn't
hear a complaint or warning so I licked the other testicle. He jumped again. I
took my hand and lifted his balls up and reached in and tried to lick his
perineum, but couldn't quite reach; his legs were too close together. I settled
on licking his balls again, while I used my hand to nudge his legs farther
apart. I'm sure he thought I was just trying to get better access to his balls
so he spread them open wider for me. I lifted his balls up again and this time
landed my tongue right on his perineum and went to town on it. He started
moaning again and I could feel his cock grow back to full mast. Nice... Wait
until he feels what I have in store for him. I ran my arm under his thighs, right
above his knees and just let it rest there for a second. When I had him moaning
louder and thrusting his balls into my mouth I tried raising my arm up, and he
just bent his legs for me and helped me lift them right up. There it was  my
target. Oh hell yeah.
I
was staring at the cutest little puckered hole I'd ever hope to see. He hadn't
shaved around it, which was fine by me, I like a fuzzy butt. I stuck my head
under his legs as quickly as I could and just latched my mouth on his hole. He
screamed again. I stuck my tongue out and just started lapping his ass with
incredible gusto. He screamed and then moaned really loudly. I smiled on his
ass but kept right on lapping at it. I could hear him saying something through
the vibrations in his ass but I couldn't tell what it was. I lifted my face off
for a second to hear him.
"What?"
"Are
you really licking my ass?"
"Oh,
not only yeah, but fuck yeah, baby! I sure am. It's incredible!"
Enough
talking, I went back to his hot, little hole and rammed my tongue back in it.
He moaned really loud this time. I guess he was enjoying it. I was wondering to
myself if anyone had ever done this to him before. I wanted deeper access. I
pulled my head out of his butt and looked up at him, smiling.
"Would
you slide up more on the bed, please, and then roll over? I need better access,
please."
He
looked at me, smiled and then worked himself up more onto the bed. When he was
completely on, no more dangling legs, he rolled over. Oh my, what an incredible
sight. I started panting. I put my hand under his pelvis and lifted him up a
little; he caught on and pulled his legs under him and stuck his ass in the air
for me. Oh fuck... I was panting again, just looking at his deliciously hot ass.
I got behind
him,
kind of in the same position he was
in and shoved my face back in his ass. I probed his hole with my tongue, I
licked around the edges of his hole and then I ran my tongue up and down the
crack. I had a hand on each cheek and was just kneading them as I worked my
tongue over him. I then took the opportunity to kiss his cheeks, several times
on each one and then I licked them all over. I could still smell the musk
coming from his hole and it drew me back. I couldn't get enough. I ran my
tongue around his hole again and then locked my mouth over his hole and just
tongue fucked him for all I was worth.
Above
me, I could hear constant moaning, getting louder and louder.  The more I
tongue fucked him, the louder he moaned. After about ten minutes of having my
mouth locked over his ass I pulled back to look at my handiwork. His ass was
soaking wet and his hole was winking at me. What a sight. While I was looking
at his ass I noticed his balls hanging down but I couldn't see his cock. I got
down lower and saw that it was sticking up straight in front of him, standing
tall and proud.
I
couldn't resist. I gave his ass a couple of more licks, a good solid kiss on
each cheek, then I flipped over on my back and wiggled myself under him with
his balls right over my face. I sucked his balls into my mouth and just held
them there, swirling my tongue around, feeling them go back and forth in my
mouth. I couldn't really hear him moaning above me, I was too in my zone, but I
could feel it through his balls. I could also feel his cock throbbing as I sucked
on his balls. I hadn't touched myself since I'd dropped to my knees to suck his
cock earlier, and I still had my jeans and underwear on. I could feel my cock
throbbing though, and I knew my crotch was soaking wet from pre-cum, but I
didn't give a damn about my own cock at the moment; I just had to please him,
no matter what it took.
I
thought to myself while I was sucking and licking his balls, that here I am
with my face buried in the crotch of a sexy, horny 20 year old Marine; I think
he can handle a few more orgasms. I smiled to myself and then wiggled myself up
a little more so I could get my mouth back on his cock. I reached up with my
finger and pulled his throbbing cock down a little so I could get it in my
mouth. I buried it in my mouth as far as I could from this position and I heard
him scream again. I was having a hell of time sucking his dick at this angle,
it was just too hard, and it wouldn't bend down enough. I let it fall out of my
mouth and wiggled myself up a little more. I then reached under him, grabbed a
pillow and stuck it under my head. I grabbed his hips, pushing him up in the
air a little and then brought him forward and straight into my mouth. He got
the idea and arched his back so he could drive his cock straight into my hungry
mouth. I still had a hold of his hips and I was showing him what I wanted from
him. I wanted him to fuck my mouth. He took over in no time and soon his balls
were slamming into my chin. I could taste pre-cum leaking out of his cock and I
could also feel his foreskin pulling just a little back and forth over the head
of his cock. I lay there thinking that short of this being my ass he was
pounding I couldn't begin to imagine anything more enjoyable.
I
had him in the perfect position too. His cock was buried in my mouth, his ass
was sticking up in the air and my hands were free. I knew his ass had to still
be wet from my butt munching, so I grabbed both of his ass cheeks and rode with
him for a couple of thrusts, then I pulled my right hand away, pulled it out from
between our bodies and came up just under his balls. I massaged his balls a
couple of times, then headed for my target. I knew I'd have to be ready for the
consequences of my actions; he was going to blast off again within seconds of
my finger entering his ass. I lifted my fingers off his balls and started
rubbing around his hole. He moaned really loudly. I ran my finger around his
hole
a couple of times while he got back in his stride. As
he was pulling out of my mouth on an upward stroke I stuck my finger in his ass
as far as I could get it. He screamed, slammed his cock down my throat and cut
loose with another load of hot Marine juice. I wiggled my finger in his ass
after the second volley and he screamed again and pulled up a little. I started
milking his cock with my mouth and he moaned so loudly I half expected the
Gestapo to start banging on the door. I felt four more volleys of hot boy cum
splash in my mouth. He started cussing again, then he fell forward impaling my
mouth with his cock. I liked having it there but wasn't sure how long his
recovery would be and I wanted a breath of air. I turned my head sideways and
his cock slid out of my mouth, wiping a line of fresh boy cum across my cheek.
Fuck yeah, this night was making up for all the anguish of the last two days,
big time.
I
had pulled my finger from his ass when he had dropped with his cock buried in
my throat. Now that I could breathe again I just laid there unbelievably content
with the weight of my love on me. He was breathing heavily, but not ragged like
before so I knew he would be okay. I just relaxed my body, enjoying the feeling
of him on top of me, and listened to him breathing. All was right in my world.
I reached around him with my arms and just held him while he came back down.
After
about five or six minutes he seemed to have recovered completely. Nothing like
Marine training I thought. He lifted himself off me, his semi-hard cock hanging
in front of my face, a nice string of boy juice trailing down to my cheek and
his foreskin moving up to cover my prize. I wish he wasn't so sensitive after
orgasm because I would love to lick inside his foreskin for more juice. I just
like playing with foreskin at any time; I guess I'll have to try it before he's
so hard and before he shoots. Next time...
He
looked down at me with a sated and dazed look on his face. I gave him a huge
grin. He started giggling and then moved down until his face was lined up with
mine. He stuck his tongue out and licked his cum off my face. I damn near shot
my load right there, it was so hot watching him lick up his own cum. Then he
bent down again and kissed me, sticking his tongue in my mouth giving me back
the prize. I moaned in his mouth. He pulled up and looked at me again and got a
huge grin on his face.
"Fuck,
Michael, what're you trying to do to me? No matter how hard you try I don't
think my balls will fit through my cock."
I
giggled. "A boy can try, can't he?" He smiled and nodded. "I almost hate to
tell you this, Jake, but we're just getting started." I looked over at the
clock on the nightstand, it read seven forty-five. "It's not quite eight
o'clock yet, we still have twelve hours before you have to be back to the
base." He looked at me incredulously and I just gave him another huge grin.
"I
can't last twelve more hours... I don't know what you've heard about Marine
training, but you almost have me to the point I would tell you State secrets if
I knew any."
I
smiled up at him. "Maybe, but you're a Marine, dammit and you're only 20 years
old; you should be good for five or six more loads, and I want `em."
He
just stared at me. "Well baby, you're gonna have to surgically remove two or
three of `em, because I don't have it in me to give `em to you. And you should
talk; you're still fucking dressed for Christ's sake! How many loads can you
cough up, you horny old man?"
I
couldn't help it, I laughed out loud.
"'Horny old man'?
Who're you calling horny?"
It
took him a second to catch what'd I said and he started laughing too. Then he
bent down and kissed me. After our kiss, he quickly flipped himself up, over
and off the bed. He reached out for my hand and pulled me up to a standing
position. When he had me standing he reached out and grabbed my crotch. It felt
damn good too. He then let go of my crotch, turned around, reached behind him
and grabbed my crotch again. He started pulling me then, and led me to the
bathroom. I would follow this sexy stud anywhere he wanted to lead me, but
having him lead me by the balls was just fun in itself.
We
got into the bathroom and he let me go. Then he walked over to the toilet and
started pissing. I walked around the side of him and watched. The flow and
volume was amazing. He looked up at me questioningly, like I'd lost my mind,
wanting to watch someone take a piss. He smiled at me, shook his head, then
shook his dick off and turned back to me.
"Perv."
"Yep,
and damn proud of it."
He giggled.
He
walked over to the shower, reached in and turned the water on. He took a few
seconds getting it to the temperature he wanted, and then he returned to where
I was standing. He grabbed my wrist and un-snapped my watch and slid it over my
hand, then he laid it on the counter. Turning back to me, he reached out and
grabbed the waist band of my jeans and yanked me closer to him. Oh hell yes,
take charge, stud. He got the first button un-done and then just ripped my fly
open, not worrying about the other buttons. He kneeled down on one knee and then
forcefully yanked my jeans down to my ankles, then ran his hands slowly back up
my legs to the waistband of my boxer-briefs. He looked at them for a second,
smiled up at me, then lifted the elastic out from my body and down over my hard
cock. Once he cleared my balls with them he yanked them down as hard as he had
the jeans. My cock jumped in response. He then patted the back of my leg like
you would a horse when you wanted him to lift his foot up. I smirked, but
complied with the order and lifted my leg up and back. He slid the leg of my
jeans and my underwear off that leg, and put it back down for me. Same
procedure on the other leg, only this time I didn't smirk, I was getting too
turned on. He got back up, grabbed my head and kissed me hard. Then he pulled
away, grabbed my cock and led me to the shower. I almost shot my load.
Before
we got in the shower he reached over and grabbed a wash cloth with his free
hand and continued leading me by the cock into the shower. He got behind me,
grabbed both my upper arms and pushed my head and body under the spray of the
water. It felt really good, I had worked up quite a sweat over the last hour or
so, and he'd chosen the perfect temperature for the water. As the water was
cascading over my body he was rubbing his hands all over my body rinsing me
off, making sure every crack and crevice was wet. He let go of me, still
standing under the water and started soaping up the wash cloth he'd brought
with him. He pulled me out from under the water with a little force when he was
ready for me, and my cock jumped again at the forcefulness of his actions. He
was turning me on more than he could possibly imagine.
He
yanked my right arm, spinning me around to face him. My cock jumped again,
oozing out a little pre-cum. He had a determined look on his face, and I could
tell he was fighting really hard not to smile. He had the soapy washcloth in
his right hand and brought it up to my shoulders and started washing me. He
reached higher with it after my shoulders and got my neck, ears and face while
he was in the neighborhood. He continued washing the front of my body from my
ears to my toes, spending a little time on my cock and balls, but not enough to
make me cum; or make him look like a pervert I thought, smiling to myself. When
he was done with my front he stood back up, told me to put my arms up like I
was being held up, then he spun me around and shoved me up against the shower
wall. I moaned.
Fuck
yeah..."
He
resumed his washing, starting on my shoulders again and working down my back
and stopping just above my ass. I could hear him putting more soap on the wash
cloth and then he was back at it and vigorously washed my ass cheeks and then
slipped the rag through my ass trench. He stopped again. Then I felt his soapy
hand in my trench; he just held his hand sideways and ran it up and down the
crack of my ass eight or nine times. I was moaning louder and thrust my ass
into his hand. He took the hint and slid his soapy finger to my hole. I pushed
out a little more and he pushed his finger into my ass.
"Oh
fuck yeah, baby that feels so good. Push in deeper, I want your whole finger in
me."
To
my shock and instant turn-on, he not only didn't push it in more, he pulled it
out. Then he slapped my ass fairly hard, the sound echoing in the shower.
"Shut
up. This is my rodeo; you'll do as I say."
I
was stunned, mainly because it seemed so out of character for him.
"Yes
Sir!" I responded immediately, my cock belching out another load of pre-cum.
He
seemed to like the position I had assumed, my arms on the wall, my ass sticking
out and my legs spread and locked. He resumed his bathing of me with the wash
cloth, running it up and down the back of both my legs, then back up, once,
through my ass trench again for good measure. We both knew the floor was
getting kind of slippery with soap, so he didn't yank me up, but ordered it
instead.
"On
your feet!"
I
pushed myself off the wall immediately with my arms and stood at what I assumed
was attention, though my throbbing, leaking seven inch cock was sticking out in
front of me.
"About
face!"
I
spun around on my left heal and actually managed a fairly military looking
about face. He then grabbed my arm again and lightly shoved me back under the
water. While the soapy water was running off my upper body, he grabbed the
shower massage from his right and pushed the lever to turn it on. It cut the
water off that was pouring over my head, but I figured he'd have much more fun
with the shower massage. Not as much as I'd hoped for, but still... He basically just
finished rinsing me off, while definitely flooding my cock, balls and ass with
water. When he decided I was sufficiently rinsed off he hung the shower massage
back up and turned the main shower head back on, flooding my head and face with
water. I guess its hair washing time. While he was soaping up my hair with
shampoo I was thinking just how incredibly hot this scene was and how turned on
I was. Having this hot, sexy 20 year old Marine giving me orders and washing my
body was kind of overwhelming. He got my hair washed and rinsed and had
massaged conditioner into my scalp and then gave me another order.
"Stand
over there at parade rest!" He pointed to the opposite end of the shower.
"Yes
Sir!"
I
stood there with my legs spread a little and my hands clasped behind my back
and watched him give himself a shower. This was just getting hotter and hotter
by the minute. He is incredibly sexy under any circumstances, but wet, with
warm soapy water running down his body... Holy crap! I seriously thought I could
bust my nut just watching him shower, he was turning me on so much. And then
watching the soapy water run over his hot ass, small rivulets running down his
ass crack, I thought I'd just pass out. He finally finished his shower, turned,
grabbed my arm and yanked me back under the water to rinse the conditioner out
of my hair. He turned the water off after a couple of minutes. I guess the
shower's over. He stepped out of the shower and grabbed two towels from the
rack, handing me one and started to dry himself off. I guess the role play was
delayed for awhile. I stepped out, stood about two feet away from him so we
both had room, and dried myself off. When we were both dry I looked over at him
and gave him a huge, shit eating grin. I wanted him to know that whatever he
wanted to do was alright by me. He smiled back at me.
When
we were done in the bathroom he took my hand and led me back to the bedroom.
Not as much fun as being led by the cock, but still pretty damn good. He
stopped at the foot of the bed, let go of my hand and grabbed my shoulders,
turning me so my ass was to the bed. He wasn't really looking at me, and then
he barked out a new order.
"Sit!"
I
sat down on the edge of the bed.
"Spread
you legs wider!"
I
loved where this was going, and my dick did too; it was growing again.
He
also noticed my cock was growing and smiled at me. I smiled back. He bent over
at the waist and kissed me for a minute, using very little tongue; just a hot,
passionate kiss. Then he got down on his knees in front of me and started
rubbing up and down on my legs. His hands started moving higher, but he
bypassed my cock completely and went for my chest. I don't have a lot of hair
on my chest, but what is there I keep nicely trimmed and he seemed happy with
that. He rubbed his finger all over my chest and stomach, then back up to my
chest, finally settling on my nipples. He took my right nipple between his
thumb and index finger and pinched it a little. It got hard immediately and I
moaned. He smiled. He did it with the left one and got the exact same reaction
from me and he smiled again. He then started lightly rubbing my right nipple
with the tip of his finger. I moaned louder and he noticed my cock jumped. He
grinned big. He played with my nips with his fingers for a couple of minutes,
getting a reaction out of me every time, but he decided to up the ante. He
leaned forward and flicked his tongue over my left nipple. My cock jumped and
my nipple grew harder. He clamped his mouth on my tit and started sucking on my
nipple. I moaned and grabbed his head, holding him against me. He didn't pull
back against me so I kept him there for a couple of minutes then led his face
over to my other nipple. He sucked and gnawed on that for a few minutes while I
had his head in my hands.
He
pushed back against my hands a little and I let him up. Both of my nipples were
rock hard and my cock was leaking more pre-cum. He sat back on his haunches and
ran his fingers down my torso to my pubes and my throbbing cock. He then ran
the back of his index finger along my shaft from my balls to the head of my
aching cock. When he got to the tip and found a small puddle there, he ran his
finger through it a couple of times and then stuck it in his mouth and sucked
on his finger for a few seconds. I groaned, watching him do that.  He just
grinned with his finger still in his mouth. He pulled his finger out with a
sucking sound and put it back in the puddle of pre-cum, mopping up as much as
he could get on one fingertip, then he held it up to my mouth. I didn't
hesitate; I sucked his finger into my mouth like a dying man being offered a
last drink. I grabbed his hand with mine so he couldn't pull it out and just
kept sucking on it. I ran my tongue all around it, sucked some more, then ran
my tongue from between his fingers back to the nail and swirled my tongue all
around it. He started moaning and then he started tugging his arm to free his
hand so I let him go. He smiled up at me and then went back to work on my cock.
He
ran his finger through the puddle of pre-cum one more time, then he grabbed my
cock in his fist and stroked it a couple of times. I moaned loudly and he
smiled up at me. He stroked my dick with his fist several more times, with me
moaning and then he let go, leaned his head into my crotch and took it in his
mouth. I moaned even louder this time and grunted. He started licking the head
of my dick, then he'd take a little of it in his mouth, then he'd lick the head
again. It was sweet agony. I wanted him to swallow it; I needed him to swallow
it, but I didn't want to force it in him. He kept up licking and sucking the
head for a couple of minutes. I could feel his hand grab my balls and start to
massage them. It felt really, really good but I needed to bury my cock in his
mouth. I needed to cum almost as badly as he had that first time; my dick had
been constantly hard for almost the last two hours and I was getting blue
balls. I rested my hand on the back of head, hoping I could gently let him know
what I wanted. He understood, but still seemed a little hesitant. He took my
cock in his mouth and tried to go a little deeper, but started to gag a little
and came back up. I rubbed my hand around the short hair on the back of his
head.
"You
OK, Jake?"
"Yeah,
I'm good."
"Relax
baby. You don't need to take more than you're comfortable with. Just relax your
mouth and throat muscles. Breathe through your nose. Always remember to breathe
through your nose. Relax and have fun with it. Hell, if it helps you relax turn
it into a puppet show. I like to giggle while I have sex, makes it more fun."
He
laughed out loud at that. Good. I needed him to relax and not be psyched out
about this. I started to wonder something.
"Jake...
Have you done this before?" I asked softly.
"Um...
Once.
I was about 14 or 15, with one of my friends
from school. We were wrestling around in my room and we both got hard and
started playing with each other. He told me that he sucked a dick once and that
if I sucked his he'd suck mine. He didn't last long. I licked the head of his
dick a couple of times and he warned me he was gonna cum. I pulled off and
jacked his dick so I could watch him shoot. After he came, he yanked his pants
up and said he had to get home. Fucker never did blow me. I'm sorry I'm not
doing this right and ruining it for you."
"You'd
never ruin it for me, baby. Look at my dick. See? I'm still throbbing hard and
leaking pre-cum. And it's because you're here with me. If you want to try again
then go for it. If you don't really want to right now, then don't sweat it. We
can have lots of fun without my dick in your mouth."
"I
want to get you off. I want to see you shoot your load and know that I was the
reason you did." With that said he stuck my cock back in his mouth and tried it
again.
"Oh
hell yeah, baby, that feels so good. Remember; just relax your mouth and
throat. And breathe, baby, breathe through your nose."
I
looked down at him and could see him trying to relax his mouth and throat.
"I
know this sound's bad, but think of it like getting an x-ray at the dentist.
You have to relax your tongue and breathe through your nose, or you just end up
puking all over the dentist or biting his finger off."
He
pulled off my dick choking with laughter. "You fucker, that wasn't fair. You
made me laugh with a cock in my mouth."
"So
what's wrong with that? Laughing and giggling while having sex is actually a
hell of a lot of fun. It relaxes you, it releases endorphins and it definitely
lightens the mood. There have been several times I've had a cock in my mouth
and just started giggling or laughing for no apparent reason. Once you convince
your partner that you're not laughing at his dick, the mood is lightened and it
becomes fun again. Sex get's really serious after a while for some reason. It
doesn't have to be; it should be fun and enjoyable for both partners."
He
looked up at me still chuckling, but still with his fist wrapped around my
cock. He stopped laughing while he was looking at me and got a determined look
on his face. He then looked down at the cock he had in his hand and went back
down on it. He must have gotten something from the dentist x-ray analogy
because he took about two thirds of my dick down his throat and just started
sucking. Up and down, up and down he went. My cock got rock hard in his hot,
wet sucking mouth and that just seemed to spur him on even more.
"Oh,
God, baby; that's it! That's feels fucking awesome! Oh, fuck yeah!"
He
kept right on sucking my cock, still going down about two thirds of the way, and
then he started playing with my balls while he sucked. I spread my legs out a
little more and he let go of my balls and started running his finger around the
hair on my asshole. I moaned loudly and then made my
hole
try to grab his finger. He got the idea and started pressing his finger up
against my hungry hole. I noticed we were both a little too dry for that to
work, so I grabbed his hand and brought his finger up to my mouth and sucked it
in. I licked it, sucked it and slobbered all over it as much as I could then I
put his finger back to my ass. I felt the tip of his finger slide in my waiting
hole and I moaned and grunted again. I tried using my ass to suck his finger
in, but he got the idea and just kept pushing it in. He was finally buried up to
the last knuckle and I let out a loud groan, looked down at his face and smiled
really big for him.
He
was still sucking my cock, only now he was able to take it in his mouth, suck
on it, then pull it out, swirl his tongue around the head then plunge it back
in his mouth; all without missing a beat. This was getting hotter and hotter by
the second. While he was working my dick over with his lips, tongue and mouth
his finger was starting to really work my ass over. He was sliding his finger
in and out of my ass, keeping rhythm with his sucking. I was in heaven. I knew
I wouldn't last a whole lot longer; I'd been at this for damn near three hours
and I was more than ready to bust. I really wanted him to stick a second finger
in my ass but I didn't want to break his rhythm; he was doing so great just
like he was. I decided he could do all the fingers he could manage in the next
part of our night of sex and passion. I relaxed and started really getting into
what was happening to me and who was making it happen. I looked down at him
while he had my cock in his mouth and couldn't believe this was really
happening. Here was this incredibly sexy, 20 year old stud with my dick in his
throat trying his level best to get me to cum. Apparently, that thought and
that sight was enough to bring me to the edge.
"I'm
gonna cum, Jake! If you want the load, keep going; if you don't, pull off now
and jack my cock. Think fast though!"
He
pulled his mouth off my cock and started jacking me off. I don't know if it was
because he didn't want to taste it, or because he wanted to watch it happen,
but he didn't have to wait long. I yelled oh fuck and started shooting. The
first volley landed on my chin and down my chest. The second went to my neck
and ran all the way down my torso. He was still jacking hard and I also
realized his finger was still plunged up my ass. The third volley hit my right
nipple and laid a bead to my belly button. He was aiming my damn dick while I
came. He then shocked me by leaning his face to my dick and letting the rest of
it hit him in the face. I think I nailed him with two or three more spurts, but
I really couldn't take anymore. I grabbed his hand so he'd quit jacking my
dick. I was staring up at the ceiling by this time and panting like a dog. I
tried to gulp as much air into my lungs as I could. When I caught my breath I
looked down, and looking up at me was an incredibly sexy, young Marine with cum
all over his mouth, forehead and cheek, and he was smiling up at me.
"Oh,
fuck me. That was so intense, baby. Thank you. Thank you so much. I really
needed that." I smiled down at him.
"You're
very welcome. That was awesome to watch. I can't believe how far you shot, and
how much. Damn..."
"I
aim to please, baby. Do you have any possible idea how hot you look right now?
You have beads of cum on your mouth, your forehead and your right cheek. Come
here."
I
grabbed his head with my hands, leaned down and met him half-way. I just
started licking his whole face. I licked and licked until I was sure I'd gotten
every drop off his face. When I was done licking I found his lips and kissed
him deeply, slipping my tongue and my treat into his mouth. He lapped at my
tongue trying to get as much of my load off of it as he could. We kissed and
sucked face for about three or four minutes, just trying to taste as much of
each other as we could. We finally broke the kiss and I reached under his arms
and pulled him up to me. I lay back on the bed, bringing him down on top of me
and just held him close to me, feeling his hot body on top of mine.
He
had his head nuzzled on the side of mine and was giving me soft, little kisses
all over my neck. I was rubbing his back with my hands and giving plenty of
attention to his ass, massaging the mounds of his perfect butt, then running my
hands back up his back to his shoulders. I just kept repeating the process
while he was kissing my neck. He ran his tongue all over my neck, then started
in on my ear lobe, taking it into his mouth, sucking on it for a little bit,
then letting it go and working my neck again with the same treatment. It felt
incredible. We both started moaning a little while we lay there just enjoying
each other. I loved the weight of him on top of me; it made me feel like he
possessed me; I was his. I started to think my man was insatiable, I could feel
his cock growing against my balls. I couldn't believe he was able to get hard
again; he'd already had two really intense orgasms, but seemed ready for yet
another. Who was I to deny him? I instantly knew how I wanted to get him off
this time; I had to feel him inside of me.
I
was still running my hands up and down his back, massaging his ass and just
really enjoying the feel of his naked body on top of mine.
"I
love you, Jake. You make me feel so good. I love having you on top of me;
feeling your naked flesh pressed up against mine." I whispered into his ear.
"I
love you too, baby. This has been an incredible night; I couldn't have imagined
it could ever be like this. I feel like my whole life's been leading up to this
night. Thank you." He whispered back.
"No;
thank you, lover." I felt him smile against my neck. "I've never felt so in
sync with someone before; so ready and willing to please someone the way I am
with you."
We
continued in this position for a few more minutes then I reached over my head
and pulled his head up so I could kiss him. We kissed very lightly for a few
seconds, and then it started growing in passion. I was in heaven, but I had one
more thing in mind. I broke the kiss and smiled at him.
"Let's
slide up on the bed, up to the pillows so we're more comfortable."
He
pushed himself off me and rolled to his side. I slid myself up to the head of
the bed and he did the same. We were lying side by side, then I propped myself
up, reached over with my hand and started running my fingers really lightly
over his chest and tummy. He let a light moan escape his lips. I already knew
that his nipples were the keys to his passion, so I spent a little extra time
on them as I lightly tickled his whole torso. I needed a way to secretly grab
some lube so I could get my ass ready for him without him knowing what I was
going to do. I bent down over his face and kissed him.
I
broke the kiss and smiled at him. "Stay just like that, baby; perfect. I'll be
right back. I'm going to grab a warm wash cloth from the bathroom; we're both a
little sticky. Don't move; I'll be right back."
I
jumped off the bed and went to the bathroom. I grabbed a new wash cloth off the
rack and turned the hot water on. While the water was getting warm I grabbed
the bottle of conditioner. No lube in here; this would have to do. I poured a
big glob on my hand and rubbed it into my ass, making sure to slip a finger or
two in to get myself ready. When I was ready, I rinsed my hands off while I got
the cloth wet. This whole thing took me less than a minute. I turned the water
off, rung the cloth out and headed back to the bed. He looked up and smiled at
me as I came into the room. I kept my eyes locked on him as I walked across the
room.
"Damn,
Jake, you are so incredibly sexy. I can't believe you're here in my bed,
waiting for me."
He
smiled bigger. I lay back down beside him and started using the wash cloth on
his face and neck. He moaned a little as I ran the warm cloth over his skin. I
didn't spend too much time on this task, it was mainly a pretext to better
things, but it was still kind of erotic. I finished, reached behind me and put
the wash cloth on the nightstand; it might come in handy in a little while. I
leaned back over him and started kissing him again. I worked his mouth and
tongue for a couple of minutes then started working my way down his neck onto
his chest. He put his arms over his head and stretched out while I was running
my tongue around his chest. It gave me a new idea. I hadn't got to taste his
pits yet, so I headed my tongue in that direction. I just breathed in the scent
when I got close; we'd been really working up a good sweat since our shower and
he smelled just perfect. He was the perfect mix of young man and sweat. I stuck
my tongue out and started lapping at his pits. He didn't have a lot of hair
under there, and that was fine by me. I licked and kissed his right pit for
about two minutes then slid my tongue across his chest over to the left one and
gave it the same treatment. He started moaning louder and louder while I was
working his pits. I guess he was enjoying it as much as I was.
I
finished lapping at his pits and ran my tongue back over to his chest and began
licking all around his nipples, then I'd take each one into my mouth, nibble
it, then let it go and start on the other one. It had the desired effect. His
nipples got rock hard and he was moaning loudly again. I did each nipple three
times then headed south to the Promised Land. I was happy to see that his cock
was just as hard as his nipples. I finally get to play with that foreskin. I
ran my tongue down the length of his cock, took his balls into my mouth, sucked
on them and then ran my tongue back up his cock. When I got to the head I
licked around it, then reached up with my hand and grabbed his cock. I used my
hand to lightly jack his cock, moving his skin back and forth over the head. I
was kind of mesmerized watching it appear and disappear. I pulled up on his
cock with my hand so the skin was over the head of his dick and I stuck my
tongue under the edge of skin and just started licking around and around in
circles for all I was worth. The tastes and scent were intoxicating. I was off
in my own little world just licking the inside of his foreskin, using my hand to
run it over my tongue and then back down. He was moaning loudly again and that
made it that much better for me. His cock started leaking pre-cum and I just
sucked it all up while I worked his foreskin over my tongue. I didn't want him
to cum just yet, so I released his cock from my fist, slammed my mouth over it,
deep throated him just once and let go.
His
cock was wet and slick, my ass was slick with conditioner and I was ready to
feel him inside of me. I rose up off of him, swung my right leg over him, grabbed
his leaking dick with my right hand and just lowered myself down onto him
before he even knew what was happening. As my ass slid down the entire length
of his cock he got an amazed look on his face and let out a loud moan. I sat on
top of him with his cock buried to the hilt in my ass and let myself adjust for
a minute. He wasn't exactly little down there and it had been awhile for me.
But God, it felt wonderful. After I got adjusted I raised myself up a little,
feeling his cock sliding out of my ass, and just when I got to the head I sat
back down on it. We both grunted. I started doing this process over and over
for a couple of minutes and we were both in heaven. I wanted him to take
control and really fuck me; I was more than ready. I leaned over him, sucked
his tongue into my mouth and then I grabbed his shoulders and brought him up
with me as I sat back up; his cock still impaling my ass.
We
were pretty much in the direct middle of the bed, so there was just enough room
for this to work. We were chest to chest, cock in ass, mouth to mouth in front
of each other. I kissed him again. He looked so incredibly sexy in this
position. I then worked my legs out from under myself stretching them out on
either side of his ass. I managed to do this and still keep him inside of me. I
started to lie back on the bed while raising my legs up and holding on to his
ass to keep him in me. He caught on and helped me out, and we were in the
position I was aching for. My ass was up, my legs were wrapped around him and his
cock was buried in my ass. I looked up into his eyes, smiled and issued one
command.
"Fuck
me."
He
didn't have to be told twice. He started slowly thrusting his hips, while
looking down and watching his cock slide in and out of my ass. I could feel every
inch of him as he continued to slowly fuck me; it was amazing. He started and
stopped a couple of times and it was driving me crazy; I needed to be fucked
hard. I began thrusting my ass up at him trying to increase the rhythm of his
fucking. He wasn't getting the idea; he just kept looking down at his cock.
"Oh
fuck, that feels so good. Oh fuck..."
I
wasn't going to argue with him, it did feel really good, but I needed more. I
reached behind him and grabbed his ass in my hands and looked up at him.
"Fuck
me harder, baby, I need your cock!"
That
seemed to get his attention. He started thrusting into me harder and I was
still holding his ass, pulling him into me as hard as I could.
"Oh
fuck yeah, baby, fuck my ass with that big cock! Fuck me! Oh yeah, baby, that's
it; ride my ass!"
I
guess he liked being talked dirty to because he started really slamming his
cock home. I loved every thrust and began moaning louder and louder each time
he bottomed out. He had been holding my legs up in the air with his hands while
he fucked me, but then he pushed on my legs so I bent my knees and let my
ankles come closer to the side of my head. Oh yeah, this is it! Just want I
wanted. He buried his cock balls-deep as he got higher on top of me, his legs
locked behind him. He then just started slamming into my ass, using his
powerful legs and hips like a battering ram. He went off into his zone and just
starting fucking me like a man on a mission. We were both grunting like pigs. I
was panting and just kept babbling. That must have been enough encouragement
because he just kept fucking my ass; sometimes taking long powerful strokes,
then mixing it up with short jabs. I was really glad I had done this after he'd
already cum twice, he was going to last a while and I loved every second of the
flogging I was getting.
He
was still in his zone, battering my ass with his big cock, both of us grunting
and swearing the entire time. He rode my ass like this for about seven or eight
minutes, but I was ready for a new position. I grabbed his ass hard and stopped
him with him buried to the hilt.
"New
position, sexy man.
Pull out for a second."
He
pulled his cock out of my ass and stayed in the middle of the bed on his knees.
I rolled over onto my stomach, then pulled myself up onto my arms and knees and
arched my back, ass into the air. I looked over at him and smiled.
"It's
all yours, baby; take it!"
He
walked on his knees to get behind me and just slid his cock right back into my
ass.
"Oh
fuck yeah! Put that big cock back home..."
He
grunted when he hit bottom and then just resumed his thrusting in and out of my
ass. This time he would pull all the way out, line up and shove it back in. I
started panting and swearing again; it felt so good. He'd grab my hips, fuck me
hard a few strokes, then let go of my hips and pull all the way out again. I
think he really loved watching his cock sliding in and out of my ass. I wanted
him to feel even more in control.
"Slap
my ass!" He slapped it lightly.
"Do
it again, but harder!" He slapped my ass again, but just a little harder this
time.
"Slap
my fuckin' ass, Marine!" That did it.
He
slapped my ass really hard that time, the sound of the slap echoing around the
room. It almost brought tears to my eyes, but I just moaned. He did it a couple
more times and I thought I'd created a monster. I should've kept my mouth shut,
but it was still really hot knowing he had taken control of my body.
"OK
stud, fuck me. I need your load in me; I want to feel your cock pulsing in my
ass dumping that hot load into me."
He
slapped my ass one more time for good measure, then started ramming my ass
again; doing the long stroke, short jab method. My prostate was on fire by this
time. He was able to maintain this rhythm for seven or eight minutes before he
was ready to shoot. He started moaning louder and louder and I knew the time
was near. He gave me warning.
"Oh
fuck, I'm gonna cum! Fuck, fuck, fuck... I'm gonna cum!"
I
started milking his cock with my ass and he screamed again, slammed his cock to
the hilt and dumped his load into my bowels. Oh yeah, that was what I was
after. I was moaning like a cheap whore and he was panting and still swearing,
then he thrust two more times, making sure he got it all out, and then
collapsed onto my back. I let my body drop and we were down; his sweaty body
covering mine, him panting into my ear and his cock still in my butt.
He
was still panting loudly into my ear but managed to squeak out a response.
"Oh
my fucking god that was incredible. I can't believe you let me fuck you. Oh
fuck...I can't move; I'm just wasted. Oh man..."
"I
don't want you to move. I love it just the way you are... You were fucking great,
baby; that was just awesome! You are so fucking hot and sexy when you take
control; it's an awesome thing to experience."
He
kissed my ear a couple of times, and then licked up the side of my face; nice.
He had regained a little of his composure and rolled off of me, his softening
cock slipping out of my ass. He slid his body back up to the head of the bed
and laid his head on the pillow. I scooted up to join him. We were both on our
backs, just breathing hard and enjoying the glow. After a few minutes we had
both calmed down and I think we were both on the edge of exhaustion. I lifted
my body up and slid the bed covers down and he got the idea, lifting his body
up at the same time. We got in under the covers. I reached over and turned the
lamp off on the nightstand, rolled onto my side and put my arm over his chest.
He murmured softly. I lifted my head up and looked over his sexy body at the
clock. It was ten fifteen. We'd been at this for more than three and a half
hours; holy crap. I don't think I can manage this on a daily basis, but it
seemed just right this time. I took my finger and lifted his chin to me for a
kiss. I looked into his eyes for a second, then leaned down and kissed him
softly.
"I
love you, Jacob. Sweet dreams, baby."
"I
love you too... Goodnight baby..."
He
rolled over onto his side and I slid up behind him and wrapped my arm over his
chest, nuzzling into the back of his head. We were both asleep in minutes.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 2 (Chapter 17)

Chapter 2: Down to Business
It
was early Sunday evening that I'd left Jake at the train station. I got checked
into the hotel later on and tried to get settled in; tried not to think of Jake.
It wasn't working very well. Around eight that evening I went down to the hotel
restaurant and had dinner and then returned to my room. I threw myself into my
work, hoping it would keep my mind occupied, and it worked fairly well for a
couple of hours. It was a little past eleven when I finally decided I needed to
go to bed and get some sleep. I stripped down, turned out the lights and got
into bed. I lay there for about thirty minutes just replaying the train trip
and my six hours with Jake in my head.
Thinking
about all the emotional stuff wasn't getting me anywhere, so I started thinking
of how sexy Jake is; the bulge in his jeans, the curve of his ass, his sensual
lips. I started getting hard, so I began rubbing my hard cock through the bed
covers, thinking it was Jake's hard cock I was rubbing through his jeans. I was
rubbing my cock with my right hand while playing with my nipples with my left.
It was starting to feel really good. I threw the bed covers back and took hold
of my straining dick with my hand and started stroking. I imagined it was
Jake's cock that I was stroking and I started really getting into it. I'd
stroke my cock, then play with my balls, then stroke my cock some more, all the
while pinching and rubbing my nipples. My breath had started to become ragged
and I began moaning; my cock was oozing pre-cum all the while. I swiped some
pre-cum up with my finger and brought to my lips. I sucked the clear fluid off
my fingers imagining it was Jake's.
Mmmmm
... I then
went back to stroking my rigid cock and after about ten more strokes I busted a
beautiful nut all over my chest and stomach. Ah, sweet release. I lay there
panting and finally feeling relaxed enough to get to sleep. I didn't want to
wake myself up by getting up to clean myself off, so I just used my hand and
rubbed the cum all over my torso. I licked my fingers clean, grabbed the other
pillow, hugging it to me, rolled over and fell asleep.
I
awoke the next morning to the sound of a phone ringing. I looked at the clock
and it read six. I answered the phone and heard the recorded wake up message.
Not listening to the whole message, I just hung the phone back up and lay there
on my back staring at the ceiling. I had an eight o'clock meeting so I knew I
needed to get my ass up and get my day started, but I just laid there and
started thinking about Jake again. This wasn't getting me anywhere, so I
finally got up and realized I was kind of sticky all over. It had seemed like
such a good idea last night, but waking up with my chest hair all matted and
sticky in the light of day, I began to question it. I headed to the
bathroom
, drained my bladder and jumped in the shower.
After
cleaning up and dressing I headed down to have a quick breakfast and get some
coffee in me. I was in the car and headed to my meeting by seven thirty. The
meeting started right on time and I spent two long, boring hours in that
conference room trying to convince these people that I could save their
company, and most of the jobs within it. The meeting broke up a little after
ten, without a clear indication of success, and I called for my driver and
headed out the front door. While I was waiting for the car to show up I
realized this whole thing might take longer than I had first thought. First of
order business was to rent a car. I hate being a passenger in a car, and having
to rely on someone else for a ride was not what I had in mind.
The
driver dropped me off at the front of the hotel and I walked in to find the
concierge.  I asked him if there was a place nearby that I could hire a
car. He told me there were two car hire agencies within a three block radius. I
thanked him and headed up to my room to get rid of my briefcase and laptop.
After hitting the bathroom for a little relief, I headed back down to the
lobby, stopped to ask the concierge which way to the car hire and walked out to
the street. I found the first car rental in less than a minute and went in to
ask what they had available. I almost laughed when she told me they had a
Mercedes E-Class turbo Diesel. I told her I'd take it. We did all the paperwork
and she showed me out to the car. I got in the car and fired it up. Maybe the
E-Class hadn't been such a good idea, it made me think of Jake again. I had to
get over him. I'd never see him again and thinking about him constantly was
affecting me. I started to wonder if that's why my meeting hadn't gone well, I
wasn't concentrating; I wasn't in my game.
I
left the car rental lot and just started driving around town trying to get my
bearings and make note of places to eat, places to see and areas to explore
further. After driving around for about an hour I found a little mom and pop
restaurant that looked kind of inviting so I pulled in. I had a terrific lunch
and felt a little better about the day. There's nothing like a good meal to get
your head back on straight. I got back in the car and drove around a little
more, all the while working my way back to my hotel. I was starting to get
sleepy, having had only five and a half hours' sleep and being really full, and
it seemed like a perfect time to go back to my room a catch a nap.
I
was sleeping peacefully when I heard the damn phone ringing again. I hadn't
left a wake-up call, so I grabbed the phone, still half dazed, wondering who
the hell was calling. I said hello in English and was met with a couple seconds
of silence. Then the voice on the other end identified himself, in German, as
the owner of the company I had just been in the meeting with. I was awake
instantly and apologized for being gruff. He laughed it off and then asked me
if I'd be willing to meet with him again, in private, for a dinner meeting. I
told him I would be glad to and suggested we have dinner in my hotel room so we
would be assured of privacy. He agreed and we decided on seven o'clock. I gave
him my room number and when we rang off I jumped up and headed in to take
another shower. I needed to be more awake and better prepared this time.
Five
minutes before seven I heard the knock on my door and went and answered it. We
greeted each other and I waved him into the room. I had already had room
service bring up drinks and something to nibble on, so I offered him a drink
and asked him to have a seat. I asked him if he'd like to order dinner now or
later, and we both decided to put the order in now. We ordered our food and
then we got straight down to business. He said that he hadn't liked the way our
earlier meeting had gone, and wanted to discuss things with me without the
lawyers and everyone else present. I told him I agreed, and to please tell me
what he had in mind. We sat across from each other hammering out details, and
around seven thirty there was a knock on the door. Room service was there with
our food. The waiter left the tray; I signed the check and tipped him, then sat
down to dinner with my guest. I had just taken my second bite of food when the
phone rang. I excused myself and picked up the phone.
"
Guten
Abend
." I
said into the phone, remembering to say it in German.
"Mike?"
His voice.
Oh man, his voice!
"Jake!!
How are you?"
"I'm
fine. Is it OK that I called you? Is this a good time?"
"It's
great, but
hold
on for just a second. I want to go to
a different room."
I
looked over at my guest, "Please accept my apologies for this, but I absolutely
have to take this call. Will you excuse me for a couple of minutes, please?"
He
looked up from his food and said to take my time, he was enjoying his dinner. I
put the phone back to my ear.
"Jake,
I'm gonna put you on hold for just a second while I walk to the bedroom. I'll
be right back."
He
chuckled. "OK."
I
practically ran to the bedroom and snatched the phone up.
"Jake!
You there?"
"Yeah,
I'm here. Did you sprint, you sound winded?"
"
Kinda
. Sorry about that."
He
chuckled. "No problem." There was a four or five second
pause
.
"I'm sorry if I'm interrupting something."
"No
Jake, not at all. I'm having a business dinner with the guy whose company I'm
trying to buy. We were just shoving food in our faces, so don't worry about it.
 He seems happy with his food, so let him eat; I'd rather talk to you."
Long
pause again. "OK." Long pause. "How are you?"
"I'm
good; how are you, Jake?"
"I'm
OK." He said, then quiet.
I
paused. "I lied, Jake; I'm not good at all. I can't concentrate. It took me
forever to get to sleep last night. All I do is think about you... I'm sorry if
that makes you uncomfortable, but I have to be honest with you."
I
heard him expel his breath like he'd been holding it. "Oh man..." Then silence
again.
"Jake?
Jake, are you alright?"
"No,
but I'm a little better right now."
"What's
wrong, Jake? Talk to me, please!" I pleaded.
More
breath expelled from him. "This is the fourth time I've dialed your hotel.
Every time the phone would start to ring I'd hang up. I didn't know what to
say. I didn't know if you really wanted to hear from me again." He sounded like
he was holding back a sob. My heart wrenched.
"Oh
Jake, you have no idea how happy you made me by going through with this call.
Believe me, if I'd known how to get a hold of you I would've called you last
night while I was trying to get to sleep. I can't believe I'm hearing your
voice again..."
"Mike...?"
"Yeah?"
"I...I...I
need to see you. I can't get away tonight, but can we meet for dinner or
something tomorrow after I get off my duty shift?"
"Oh
God, of course, baby; name the time and place."
Did
I just say baby to him out loud? I guess I did.
Pause
again. He heard me; uh oh.
"Would
your hotel be OK? We could have dinner together and talk, if that's alright
with you."
"That
would be great, Jake. What time do you get off your duty shift?"
"At
1700.
Oh, sorry... At five o'clock."
I
chuckle. "It's OK, I know military time. Do you know the hotel I'm at? Do you
need me to send a car for you?"
"No,
that's OK; I know the hotel you're at. I actually looked it up on the computer
today at work. It turns out its only five kilometers from here. I can take the
bus into town. I should be able to be there by 1730; uh, five thirty."
"1730
it is. Are you sure you want to take the bus? I can send a car. Hell, I can
come and get you myself."
"No,
don't do that. The bus is fine."
He
expels more breath. Under different circumstances this could really turn me on,
listing to him breathing heavily.
"OK,
bus
it is. I'll expect you around 1730 hours."
He's
expelling another breath he's been holding.
"Jake,
are you sure you're OK?"
Pause.
"Yeah, I'm OK. A little nervous and
kinda
scared, but
basically OK."
"Oh
man... You're scaring me now. Are you sure you don't want to come over now? I can
have this guy outta here in thirty seconds flat."
"No!
Sorry. No, that's not necessary. I'll be OK. This was just kind of a nerve
wracking call to make. I'll be OK, I promise. I doubt I'll sleep any tonight,
but I'll be all right. Don't worry about me." He didn't sound so sure of
himself.
It
was my turn to expel my breath. "I doubt either one of us gets any sleep
tonight. And I will worry about you, but that's my problem, not yours. Try and
get some sleep and I will see you tomorrow at 1730. Oh, my room number is 901.
I guess you just asked the front desk for me by name, but that's my room
number. Nine- Zero- One."
"Got
it."
Pause. "Mike?"
"Yeah
Jake?"
The
longest pause yet. "Thank you."
"Oh
man... You're welcome, but I don't know what for..."
"For
being there when I called." He says, barely above a whisper.
He
just succeeded in wrenching my heart right out of my chest.
"Always
Jacob...
Always!"
"Goodnight
Mike..."
"Goodnight
Jacob..."
I
heard the click of the connection breaking and my heart went with it. I just
sat on the edge of bed trying to decide if I should cry or jump up and touch
the ceiling. I was going to see him again! I don't even know at what point I'd
fallen in love with this man, but there wasn't a single doubt in my mind that I
had. I've been in love before, but never had I felt it so powerfully and profoundly.
I
tried pulling myself together enough to go back out to my dinner. I went in the
bathroom and washed my face, trying to hide the fact that I'd had tears
streaming down it for the last ten minutes. I felt I'd done all I could do and
walked back out to my guest.
I'd
been on the phone with Jake for about ten minutes I discovered. I ate my cool
dinner, but really didn't give a damn. We finished our business meeting,
agreeing to meet again the following day, same time, same channel, to get the
lawyers and accountants back in the game. We had ironed out and agreed on most
of the details and the final cost. After I saw my guest to the door, I closed
it and turned around, leaning against it. Then it hit me. My business would be
finished in the next two days. I couldn't leave Germany. Not now; definitely
not now. Fuck it, if I had to do it to be with Jake, I'd move here. No question
about it. With that thought in mind I went and got ready for bed. It had been
an emotionally draining evening and I felt exhausted.
I
got in bed and starting thinking about the phone call from Jake. He sounded so
scared that it scared the hell out of me. I really hoped he would be all right.
I was very worried about him, but also so drained and so exhausted that I
actually fell asleep.
Thanks
for reading. Any questions, comments or concerns can be directed to:
Jeff
raudiv8q@aim.com

---

Marine Jake 1 (Chapter 18)

Marine
Jake  Jeff B.
Chapter 1: Meeting Jake
I'd
arrived in Berlin about a week ago and had been playing tourist the entire
time. I love Germany, and especially the sights of its capital city. I was in
Germany on business, but I arrived a week ahead of time so I could spend some
time in my favorite city.
I
got to Berlin Central Station about thirty minutes ahead of my scheduled
departure time. I was headed for Sindelfingen, just outside of Stuttgart, in
southern Germany. I had reserved a first-class seat and was just waiting for
the departure to be called. While I was sitting in the waiting area I spotted a
really cute, young man carrying a small duffel bag, standing at the ticket
counter. He seemed rather frustrated about something, and I could hear him
speaking in English trying to get his point across to the agent.
After
about five minutes of conversation with the agent he grabbed his duffle bag and
turned away from the agent. His face was adorable, but was also showing
incredible stress and frustration. He just kind of stood there not knowing
which way to turn. My curiosity piqued, I got up and walked over to him.
"Are
you OK? You look really worried."
"No,
I'm not OK. I have to be back on base by tonight and I can't find my fucking
ticket. I tried telling the agent that I had already purchased the ticket, and
even tried to get him to search for it on the computer, but he couldn't find
any record of it. I figured my return trip was taken care of so I didn't save
enough money to buy a ticket. I'm so screwed if I don't make it back on time"
"Which
branch of the military are you in?"
"U.S.
Marine Corps"
"Well
Marine, as a grateful American citizen let me buy you a new ticket. Where are
you headed?"
"Sindelfingen
..." He said kind of in a daze. Then he looked at me. "I can't let you do that;
you don't even know me."
"I
know you're a United States Marine, you're serving our country and I'd be
honored to help you. Besides, what are your choices right now? Follow me."
I
walked around him and headed up to the ticket agent. The Marine just stood
behind me, looking dumbfounded; I thought it was kind of cute. I spoke to the
agent in German telling him I needed a first class ticket on the 1030 train to
Sindelfingen. I also told him what compartment I was in and asked him to issue
the ticket to the same compartment. I handed the agent my credit card and
waited for him to do the transaction.  After typing a few things on his
computer, the agent looked up at me and asked what name the ticket was to be
issued in. I turned to my new friend and asked him in English.
"Jacob
Harrison." He replied.
The
agent nodded and went about issuing the ticket and processing my card. I signed
for it, thanked him, took the ticket and handed it to Jacob.
"There
you go, with my pleasure and thanks for your service."
"Thank
you, Sir. I don't know what to say..."
"You
just said it. No more is necessary"
He
took that opportunity to look at the ticket and noticed there was a compartment
assigned to him. He just looked at me with confusion.
"What
is this compartment number? My ticket up here just had a train number on it."
"It's
a first class ticket, so they assign a compartment. It's much more comfortable
and private; usually only two or three people each. I did have him put you in
my compartment, but if that's unacceptable to you I can have him change it."
"First
class!?  Holy crap! Sorry, Sir..."
He
looked embarrassed and turned just a shade of pink. I wanted to hug him but
decided that hugging a Marine in a crowded train station probably wouldn't be a
good idea.
"Don't
worry about it, Jacob, I've said far worse. By the way, my name is Mike Adler,
nice to meet you," I stuck out my hand. He took my hand and shook it firmly and
eagerly.
"Nice
to meet you too, Sir. I guess I should formally introduce myself. I'm Lance
Corporal Jacob Harrison, USMC, from Norfolk, Nebraska." He is still pumping my
hand.
"Well,
Lance Corporal Jacob, it is a pleasure to meet you. They just announced our
train, so if you're ready let's head out to the platform."
I
grabbed my briefcase and laptop bag while he grabbed his duffle bag and we
walked to the platform. I had checked my suitcase in so I wasn't bogged down
with heavy luggage.
We
arrived at the train and were shown to our compartment by the staff member
standing outside the coach. I asked Jacob if it would be all right if I sat
facing forward because I get really car sick if I'm riding backwards. He
chuckled and said of course I could. We stored our gear and sat facing each
other while waiting for the train to depart. After about ten more minutes they
announced "Board" in German, and I felt the train start to move about a minute
later. I was pleased that they hadn't assigned anyone else to our compartment.
Jacob.
What can I say about him? Wow! He is just so irresistibly handsome. He actually
looks like he's about sixteen, but I'm assuming over eighteen since that's what
it takes to get in the military. He stands about five feet, eleven inches,
weighs about 170 pounds and has light brown hair and deep, brown eyes. He's in
great physical condition, with well defined biceps and neck, and a chiseled
face that artist's dream of molding into clay. He also has an incredible ass
that is well outlined in his snug Levi's. And yes, I also took note of an
impressive looking package on the front side of those Levi's. His skin is
lightly tanned, at least his face and arms, the only parts I can see at the
moment. Then there are his lips. Oh hell, books have been written about the
seductions that lips like his could perform. I needed to behave myself. This
could either be the best train ride ever or the longest.
We
were pulling out of the station in Berlin, Jacob was looking out of the window
watching the city go by and I was watching Jacob. I had to stop this or I was
going to get busted.
"So
Lance Corporal Jacob, how long have you been in the Marines, and how long have
you been stationed in Germany?"
I
had broken him out of his reverie but he recovered quickly.
"Sir,
I've been in the Marines for two years and in-country for four months."
"I'll
make you a deal. You quit calling me sir and I'll quit calling you Lance
Corporal Jacob. I know you address everyone as sir and ma'am in the Corps, but
it makes me feel old." I said, chuckling.
He
smiled. "Sorry Sir. Oh shit!" He and I both laughed. "Sorry, again. That's a
deal. I go by Jake."
"Jake,
I go by Mike." I smiled at him and he smiled back and nodded.
"So
Mike, do you live in Sindelfingen or are you just here on vacation?"
"I'm
here on business actually. I did spend a week in Berlin playing tourist, but I
guess I have to bite the bullet and do some work now. I live in Colorado, so
we're actually neighbors of sorts."
Jake
broke into a big grin. "Really!? That's cool; meeting someone from almost back
home when I'm 4,000 miles away. I miss being home and I miss my family, but I
love Germany; it's great here. I have eight more months here and then I don't
know where I'll end up. I'm really hoping they keep me here my remaining time
in the Corps. My parents were so excited that I wasn't going to the war zone,
and I have to admit I was kind of relieved myself."
"Well
I'm glad you didn't go too. Yes, we needed to do it, but it's time to bring our
boys back home. So did you always want to join the Marines or were you prompted
by the war?"
"I've
always wanted to join the Corps. My grandfather was a Marine, and two of my
uncles. My dad wasn't able to serve because of health issues, and then we lost
him five years ago." He got a little misty eyed at that last statement.
"I'm
really sorry for your loss, Jake. You have my condolences. I'm glad you carried
on the family tradition and joined up. We need brave men like you to keep us
safe."
Jake
smiled a little. "Thank you."
"So
I take it you were in Berlin on leave?"
"Yes.
I've watched and read everything I could about the war in Europe and I really
wanted to see Berlin, and where it all kind of started. I figured I'd never
have a better chance now that I was here in Germany. I wish I'd had more than
five days; I could spend a year just seeing all the places I've read about. I
had a blast, but I also learned some new things and also had a few moving
experiences that damn near brought me to tears."
"Me
too, Jake, me too. I've come here several times over the years doing the exact
same thing. It's like a calling or something. To find out the secrets, I guess,
about the war. To see the battlefields, to try to get some understanding of why
and how it all happened, and to try to understand how 20 million people died
during that time. It can be overwhelming if you let it consume you." I looked
deeply in his eyes.
"I
know what you mean. Every time I went to a new place and learned something new,
I had to learn even more. I felt like I was on a mission."
"Well,
did you get to have any fun while you were on leave? Grab a beer and a
Fräulein
maybe?" I grinned at him.
He
smiled, but looked just a slight bit embarrassed. "No, I didn't really give
myself time to do any of that."
"No
worries. Sometimes it's more important to complete the `mission' and get some
of your questions answered."
"True."
He kind of drifted off into his own thoughts.
I
decided to just look out the window for a little while and leave him with his
thoughts and memories of his week in Berlin. We had six hours together on the
train so it wasn't really necessary to hear his life story in the first twenty
minutes. I figured about an hour had passed with both of us in our own thoughts
when I started getting very thirsty.
"Hey,
Jake, would you like something to drink? I'm starting to feel like I swallowed
a pair of long underwear and I need fluid."
He
actually laughed out loud. Cute laugh, too. "Wow, I haven't heard that
expression in a while. My grandfather uses it. That's funny. Yeah, I'll take something
to drink, but you don't have to buy it. I did save enough money for a couple of
Cokes for the ride back to base."
"Keep
your money, Jake; the Marines doesn't pay that well. You have to save up for
your next trip to Berlin. What's your poison?"
"Well,
actually a coffee sounds kind of good right now."
"Coffee
it is, then. You want a cappuccino, a latte or just a plain ole cup of Joe?"
"Joe
will do fine, thanks." He said smiling.
Wow,
was there innuendo there, or am I just being a dirty old man?
"Joe
it is. I'll be back as soon as I can."
I
got up and left the compartment to find where I could lay my hands on some
coffee. I found a lounge two carriages down from where we were and ordered a
coffee for Jake and a cappuccino for myself. When I returned with the coffee I
found Jake sitting at a forty-five degree angle in the corner of the seat with
his right foot on the floor and his left on the seat, basically with his legs
spread open at a really appealing angle. I damn near dropped the coffee. I handed
Jake his coffee and then sat back down across from him.
"Thank
you, Mike. I hope it's OK that I took my shoes off. I promise my feet don't
smell; I just took a shower an hour and half ago." He looked to me for
approval.
"Make
yourself comfortable, Jake. This is it for the next five hours or so, you may
as well be as comfortable as possible. And, you're welcome."
He
smiled back at me and nodded. "I guess you're right, huh? So, is it OK if I ask
you what kind of business you have in Sindelfingen? You buying a new Mercedes
and picking it up from the plant?" He chuckled.
"You
can ask anything you like; and no, I'm not picking up a new Mercedes. I already
have four from that plant. I'm here about investing in a company that is on the
verge of bankruptcy. They've had crappy management over the past three years
and they've run the company into the ground. I have other business interests
that rely on that company, and I also don't want the people that work there to
lose their jobs. If they accept my offer I can install my own management people
and see if we can save some jobs."
"Wow!
So I guess you do earn a little more than a Marine. That's nice that you want
to save those people's jobs. Yes, you also have your own self interests, but
you care about the people too; I admire that. Four Mercedes, huh; isn't that a
few too many?" He pauses for a minute, looking really worried. "I'm so sorry
about that last comment; it's none of my business. Please forgive me."
I
smiled at him. "Don't worry about it. And you're right, it's probably a few too
many. Three of them are kind of collector's cars for me and one is my daily
driver, though I drive the other three quite a bit too. I have a thing for
S-Class Benz's, but only the ones where the engineer's were in charge of the
company. All of the newer ones are nothing but toys built by accountants with a
design from Kia."
He
laughed. "Yeah, an $80,000 Kia; I'd like to see that."
"Look
out the window; there's one going down the autobahn." I grin at him.
He
looked out, saw a newer E-Class and started laughing. "That's funny. But it's
not a Kia; I saw the star on the truck lid."
"OK,
it's only a $45,000 Kia. It wasn't an S-Class." I smiled at him.
"You're
funny. I'd still take one. I have a 1998 Chevy with over 180k miles on it; let
me drive the Kia with the star on the trunk. Fuck, let me drive the new Kia,
it'd be an improvement." He was smiling and his eyes were laughing, and I was
entranced.
"How
old are you, Jake?" I asked him shyly.
"I'm
twenty; how old are you?"
"I'm
forty. Act twelve, look sixty, but just plain old forty." I smiled at him.
"You
don't look anywhere near sixty; not even forty. But, yeah, I can see you acting
twelve sometimes."
"Gee
thanks." I smiled.
"You're
welcome." He smiled back at me.
He
was still smiling as he went back to looking out of the window. I decided to do
a little work on the proposal and pulled out my laptop. He looked over and
smiled at me again.
"I'm
terribly sorry if I'm being rude, and I won't be long, but I need to add a
couple of things to my proposal while I'm thinking of them."
"Mike,
don't worry about it. I know you have work to do. You're not here to entertain
me."
"I
just feel bad dropping our conversation. I've been having a hell of a good time
talking to you. Like I said, I'll just be a couple of minutes."
"Please
don't feel bad, Mike; I completely understand. We'll talk some more when you
get caught up. Don't sweat the small stuff." He smiled at me again. I smiled
back and then opened my laptop.
It
only took about fifteen minutes to finish my proposal and I was back in the
zone with Jake. We basically spent the remaining four and half hours of the
train ride talking, laughing and smiling at each other. I got to know several
things about him, and I shared more with him than I had with anyone in a long,
long time. We were comfortable with each other and I found him incredibly easy
to talk with.
We
were about fifteen minutes out from our station when the announcement came over
the P.A. telling us just that. We both started getting our things together and
put shoes back on. I'd taken mine off not long after he had. I started getting
kind of melancholy, thinking I may never see this young man again. I'd grown
attached to him in the last six hours. I think he noticed my face and how quiet
I'd become.
"Mike,
are you OK? You're not gonna throw up, are you?" He smiled.
"No,
Jake, no puking this time. No, I'm fine. Just a little sad is all. It's
possible I may never see you again and it just made me sad. I've never enjoyed
a train ride more than this one with you."
My
statement wiped the smile right off his face. Now I felt bad. He looked at me
and tried to comment but nothing came out.
"I'm
sorry, Jake. I didn't mean to bring you down. It just popped into my head all
of a sudden that this was ending."
"I
know what you're saying. I was thinking the same thing but trying not to think
of it."
He
stopped talking and just looked around the compartment checking to see if he
had everything.
"Jake..."
He turned and looked at me. "Have you ever heard the expression about never
having regrets?" He nodded and looked deep into my eyes. "I used to have a lot
of regrets about things I'd done, things I didn't do, chances I'd missed. I
promised myself a few years ago that I'd never do that to myself again. Not
take chances. Not do the things I wanted. Not do the things I shouldn't do..."
I
just looked at him trying to screw up the courage to ask him what I so wanted
to ask him. I felt the train slowing down. We were both standing in the
compartment looking at each other. I finally managed to start talking again.
"Jake,
I don't want to spend the next several years wondering what if. Why didn't I
ask? Why didn't I take the chance? I don't want that regret. I don't know how
you feel about it; we never really hit on the subject." I paused and stumbled
again. "Argh, fuck it, here goes. May I kiss you goodbye?" I finally blurted
out.
Jake
stood there for a few seconds looking into my eyes. He looked nervous as hell.
Then he nodded yes. I didn't smile, even though I wanted to so badly. I walked
to him within about eight inches of his face. I reached out with my right hand
and touched his cheek, running two fingers up and down slowly for a few
seconds. I then reached up with my left hand and held his face in both of my
hands. I leaned in closer to his lips, praying he wouldn't pull back. I tilted
my head left, he tilted his to his left and our lips finally met. I felt him
shudder, or maybe it was me. His lips were so soft and yielding, I felt I could
stay here forever and be happy. We held the kiss for about twenty seconds. No
tongue, just a soft, tender heartfelt kiss. That kiss spoke volumes in my mind.
When we separated I felt drained, happy, weak, excited... I still had his face in
my hands and I didn't want to let go. We just stood there staring in each
other's eyes. The corner of his lips quivered up into just the faintest of
smiles. I almost collapsed I was so relieved.
I
smiled back at him and ran two fingers on my right hand along his cheek again.
He didn't say a word. He didn't pull away. He just stared at me with a faint
smile on his perfect lips.
We
felt the train stop and there was a knock on the door. We both jumped about a
foot and then laughed. The conductor asked if there were any bags to take. We
both said no and he walked away, closing the door behind him. The moment had
been broken, but we both just stood there in front of each other. I couldn't
stand it any longer. I pulled him into a tight hug and wondered if I could
bring myself to let him go. He wrapped his arms around me and squeezed so tight
I thought I'd run out of air. We stayed that way for about two minutes, just
holding each other, not wanting to let go.
People
were walking by in the corridor but neither of us seemed to care about the
outside world. We finally released each other, then I put my finger under his
chin, gave him a quick kiss and we finally separated. I bent down to the seat,
grabbed my briefcase, struggling to open it my hands were shaking so much. I
finally got in it, pulled out a business card, found a pen and wrote my cell
number, the hotel name I was staying at, the number of the hotel, and then I
wrote, "You've captured my heart, please call when you can". I closed the case,
turned around and then just stuffed the card in the front pocket of his jeans.
"Never
lose that card, Jake; it's good for life."
I
smiled at him, then reached down, grabbed my bags and turned around to open the
door. I stood to the side and let him out first. I followed right behind him
and we got off the train together. We followed the crowd to the terminal,
walking side by side, not looking at each other but bumping arms every once in
a while. When we reached the terminal there was a man there holding a sign with
my name on it. I nodded to him and he walked over to me. I told him in German
that I would be a couple of minutes, then handed him my baggage claim check. He
nodded and told me that he would be waiting for me out in front of the
terminal. I said thank you and turned back to Jake.
"Damn...
I don't want to say goodbye."
Jake
looked at me like he was about to cry. "Don't say it then. Just say see ya
later, OK?"
I
nodded. "Do you need a ride to base? I have a car waiting for me; I'll take you
wherever you need to go."
"No,
Mike, that's OK. There's a base bus that comes here every twenty minutes or
so."
I
nodded. "OK then." I couldn't do this any longer, it was killing me. "See ya
later, Lance Corporal Jacob."
"See
ya later, Sir." He said, trying to smile.
I
smiled back and then I touched his face one last time, turned and walked
towards the front of the building where my driver was waiting. I felt like
crying. I felt like running back in there and grabbing him and never letting
him go. The driver was holding the door open for me and I just got in quickly
and wanted him to close the damn door.  The driver got in the front and
was just starting to pull away from the curb when I looked out the window and
saw Jake coming out of the building. He looked so handsome and so sexy and so
sad, it made my heart break all over again. The driver pulled out into traffic
and I was convinced I'd never see my Marine again.