Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 19 Jan 2014 08:09:05 -0700
From: jay roberts
Subject: "A Crack in the Door, Part Three"  by Jay Roberts  Gay Historical etc

"A Crack in the Door, Part Three" by Jay Roberts     Gay Historical etc


The cute handy dandy monkey boi had whispered to me before he left that his
name was Tobias and that he'd try to look in on Room 201 after he got off
duty.  Then he asked me when I returned to base to pickup a carton of
cigarettes.  This was common among civilians as we paid five cents a pack
and they paid about a quarter.

I approached Suite 201.  The door was open to the living room between the
two bedrooms and there was four airman from my squad at the tech school.
To my surprise, one of them was our first sergeant, a burly guy who was
much older than us, maybe thirty.  In spite of that, he was pretty hot.  I
even liked his slight pot belly and hairiness.  His face was handsome, nice
features, but very masculine.  As I surveyed the scene, no one yet noticed
me.  The sergeant was shirtless, the only one bare chested.  What a sight.
He had big pecs and below a wash board belly.  A little hair decorated the
tanned skin.  And those arms, big and balloon muscled.

The other three kids were classmates, or fellow graduates.  They were
drinking from paper cups and looking serious.  What a rotten party this
must be.

Just then the Sarge glanced up and saw me.  His big mouth broke into a wide
smile.  "Henry!  I didn't know you were staying here and how did you hear
about this...er...party?"

"Tobias."

"Oh Toby.  Sure.  I know him well," and waggled his heavy eyebrows.  Then
he got up and came over, grabbing my uniformed shoulder and spoke into my
ear.  I don't think the others could hear.

As he whispered, I could smell his delicious smell as his arm pit was
exposed.  There was a profusion of manly hair in there.  "Kiddo, I'm glad
you're here.  Maybe you can put some life into this wake.  I know you are
on my team since I first saw you."

I let this pass but I let him know that I was on the same page as he was.
"How did you pick these guys to come with you to the hotel?"

"I picked the ones with the best cocks."

"W-w-h-a-a-t?  How do you know what kind of...you know...they have?"

He looked at me and smiled.  Then I got it and smacked my forehead in
understanding.  He was always there when we got our "short arm"
inspections.

As he saw my face dissolving into understanding he said, "And yours is the
best looking."

I guess I looked quizzical.

"Nice, smooth, like a rocket."

At that remark I got slowly stiff.  That's the way my usually quiet friend
is.  Just call attention to him or speak nicely about him, he does his best
trick which is sitting up.  When I reached down to adjust him, the Sarge
smiled.

"How about the others?" I asked, trying to divert attention from me.

"Well Jack, the blond, big balls, small dick, but nice setup.  Bobby, the
curly haired one has a thin, very long one and he has a cute bit of hair in
the center of his chest.  Finally Gabe, who is getting a little drunk, he's
the tall thin one who has a humongous, long thin one...talk about
cobras..."

The boys were all staring at us. They could see the cosy way the Sarge was
talking to me.  Finally Jack, the blond called out, "Hey you two, I'd say
'get a room' but we already have one.  There's no space for you but you
could squeeze into one of the single beds and see what happens at night."

In answer to his kidding which was good as it moved things along the road
that the Sarge and I wanted to travel.  "Why don't you take off your shirt
like the Sarge here.  It looks so friendly like."

Then following my advice, I unbuttoned my blouse and pulled it over my
shoulders.  The boys eyed me, I thought hungrily.  Don't forget all of us
were without a sex outlet, except for jerking off, for eight weeks.

The guys laughed and the three each were naked on top in an instant.  The
gleam of flesh was intoxicating.  Five guys, five slightly different
shades.  Naturally Jack was pale as ivory, Bobby boasted a natural tan skin
and Gabe was cutely freckled.

Just then Toby appeared in the doorway.  He broke into a big grin when he
saw the bathing beauties on display.  "Hey all, I came up to tell you then
there is a problem with the electricity and the place will go dark...soon."
Then as he finished the sentence the light went out.

"Don't panic.  It'll be off for awhile.  I think maybe I'm. overdressed."
At that he opened the many buttons of this tunic then slipped out of this
pants and shoes.  As I noted before, in my room, he skipped underwear.
There was just enough light from the emergency light in the hall to see his
lithe naked form framed in the doorway.  This time I too k in his very
shapely legs.  I bet he was a runner or bicyclist.  I also heard the entire
room breathing hard.  Toby closed the door and now it was inky dark.  I saw
him head straight for Jack, the large blond boy but I stopped following any
one else as my own excitement was right behind me.

Yeah, Sarge hissed into my ear, "No one 'Sarge'.  Call me Billy.  Then from
behind his big warm arms surrounded me.  His large hands roamed over my
chest then stopped to flick my tender nipples.  They erected immediately
and Billy sighed into the back of my neck.  "I love boys who are tit
sensitive."

I could feel his big non-com prick sliding up and down my ass crack.  He
moved down my body and tickled my inny belly button.  I giggled a little
from the sensation and pushed my ass back harder to feel more of his hard
swagger stick.

He was getting really hot as he kept saying over and over again, "You're so
hot....hot Harry."

Now he was dry fucking me, his knees into the back of my knees.  But then,
he did the supremely horny thing: he grasped my stick cock and began
wanking it rapidly.  I let out a heavy moan that must have caught the
attention of the others in the room and...to my embarrassment, I shot my
load.  He felt it and said, "Why didn't you tell me you were so close.  I
could have slowed down."

"No prob," I said huskily, "I can usually cum two more times in a row."

He wheeled me around and kissed me hard on the lips.  When we parted, he
said, "Oh you Hot Harry..let's see what the others are up to."

My eyes were pretty used to the dark and I could make out plenty.  One
thing was Jack standing with his legs spread, moaning like a banshee while
Tody was licking and sucking his big balls.

On the other couch, Gabe was on his hands and elbows getting plowed by
Bobby, whose long thin wand was disappearing int Gabe's hot hole and then
reappearing and being drawn out as if it never would end.  Gabe was mewling
with happiness and Bobby was crooning.  They were in another world.  If
they shot a cannon in the room, they wouldn't hear it.

Meanwhile Billy, the Sarge had migranted over to Toby whose ass was up in
the air as he was working on the blond.  He gulped loudly as Billy's long
tongue entered his flexing ass hole.  Pretty soon he was so overcome with
the ass action that he left off his ball lick on Jack and just luxuriated
with the rimming.

Billy stopped.  Toby looked over his shoulder with a questioning look on
his face.  "You want to get fucked?"  Billy asked.

"You man enough?"

In answer the Sarge grabbed Toby and put the little guy on the nearest bed,
on his back.  "Grab your knees and grit your teeth, I'm going to give you a
fuck that will last you for the next month."

His plump cock slid in to the welcoming hole.  Toby uttered "Whoop," as it
bottomed, but the older man didn't give the kid a chance to accustoming
himself with the big intruder as the Sarge began a slamming fuck.  It's
furious action continued for five minutes until Toby screamed, "Stop while
I jizz."

"No I'm cumming with you."

The two were rutting like pigs, Toby coating his chest with cum and the
Sarge hosed his interior.

Suddenly the lights went on.

Immediately the room revealed good looking dudes in sexy positions.  It
looked like a fresco from a Greek cave.  But funnily eat guy immediately
put his hands over his prick.

I called out, "You are all ridiculous.  There was enough light so that I'd
recognize your cocks anywhere."

Toby said, "Shit, I wanted the darkness for last a bit longer but the timer
I set must have timed out."

All of us started throwing pillows at him.

Sarge began to dress.  If you guys want to stay the night the suite is paid
for. But if you want to go back to base, I have a bus outside.

It turned out that the three guys, Jack, Gabe and Bobby decided to stay on.
I took the bus back with Sergeant Billy.  On the bus I sat just behind
Billy.  I asked him, "You developed me and the other boys to have a fun
time.  I guess you'll be sorry to see them ship out."

"No prob.  I can recruit from the next bunch.  Remember I am there for the
"short arms".

               +++++++++++++++++++++++

Shortly after I shipped out to the South Pacific, Guadalcanal that paradise
of land crabs and moist, never ending heat.  After two years I returned to
the US and specifically to the same base the old code school was.  This
time I was an instructor.  The Sarge was gone but in town the hotel still
remained.  No Toby the bellboy, instead an ancient guy struggled with bags.

I booked the same room.  As soon as I put my bag down I went over to the
connecting door.  Who knows, history might repeat itself.  But shit, the
door and frame had been replaced.  No crack with light appeared.  I guess
you can't go back again.


End of story

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Thu, 9 Jan 2014 21:23:05 -0700
From: jay roberts
Subject: "a Crack in the Door, Part Two" by Jay Roberts    Gay Historical and etc

"A Crack in the Door, Part Two" by Jay Roberts    Gay Historical & etc


I knew there was only a minute and I could have grabbed something to put
over my olive drab underwear but I decided to risk a "cum as you are"
party.

I was shaking a bit.  I was a complete novice in this sort of thing.  In
fact the only sex, if you call it, was jerking off of course, and one kiss
from a girl on a date.  But no time to think, there was a scratching,
rather than a knock and that was sexy.

I opened the door and the Marine slipped into the narrow opening I left for
him.  He was naked except for that bath towel around his waste.  As he
squeezed by me I could smell his BO probably caused by a sex sweat from the
aborted action a few minutes ago.

He held out his ham hand.  "Cliff, but you probably knew that from peeking
and listening, you sicko."

Wow, he was trying to put me down and yet from what I saw through the
crack, he does that and then regrets it as he somehow gets cooled off by
the result.  I bet...I bet he wants the roles reversed.  I'm not sure I'm
up to it.  After all, he's a husky marine with a scary loud voice.

I decided to take the lead and risk getting my pretty features rearranged.
I didn't hold out my hand.  "Call me Harry," I said coldly and briskly.

He worked.  His face got all quizzical and he actually took a step
backwards.  Shit!  It's working.  Then he partially recovered.

"You remind me a bit of my brother Jimmy, maybe I'll tell you about
him...later."

I yawned, "Can't wait."

"You got nice shoulders.  How about letting me see some of the rest of the
booty?"

"Im tired.  How about you taking my stuff off?"

He blinked a few times and it was getting to him.  I could see that the
center front of the bath towel was puffed out.  Oh my, oh my, I have a fun
time ahead of me.

He pulled my skivvie top off slowly like unpeeling a banana.  His breath
was loud and hash from this close range and he made little sounds as my
smooth upper body was revealed...or peeled...Ha.

I copied a line I had heard in a gay movie, "You like what you see?"

He didn't answer but reached out a hand and moved it reverendly over my
pec, right on the nipple.  Now it was my turn to make little sounds.

"You're a tit man, huh?"

I resisted the urge to nod docilely.  Instead I got moving quickly, trying
to control the situation and my boy.  I kicked off my shorts and let my
stiff prick speak for me.  His eyes got wide at the sight of my long
curving fun stick, and I know he could smell the wetness on the tip.

"Maybe you'd like to kiss it," I said hinting.

He shook himself out of his trance and tried to be the old marine drill
instructor bit.  "I don't suck.  I get sucked.  Fairies seem to like my
junk.  How about it?"

Checkmate!

One of us had to break this impasse.

He took off his towel.  There was his nice plump cock begging to be licked,
but there was mine flexing in front of him.  Who would kneel and bend and
suck.

My mouth was watering.  Did I want to be a cocksucker for this hunky
marine?  You know it!  But then I heard a sort of flutey or fruity? Voice
behind me, just I front of the door that had just been quietly closed.

It was the cute kid bell boi in the organ grinder's monkey outfit.

"I know Cliff from a few times before.  He's a bully but really wants to be
ordered around.  That's his kick.  Be firm you blond cutey, you have the
upper hand. "

As he delivered this advice he quickly undressed.  He was pretty short and
skinny but in spite of a small patch of hair on his undeveloped chest he
had a childlike appeal, especially with that perky face.  To my surprise he
had a prodigiously large and long cock that must have been borrowed from
someone else.

The marine must have heard all this but he was in a daze as he slowly
wanked his cock.  I decided to take the monkey boi's advice and double it.
I pitched my voice down low and harsh and barked to Cliff.  "You want to
get fucked?"

There was silence in the room, a heavy silence that I figured was the lull
before the storm, a storm involving punches to my face and pummeling of my
body, maybe permanent damage to my cock.

I waited.  He was still.  Bell boi was giggling.

Suddenly cliff went over to the bed and lay on his back at the edge.  Then
he grasped his full thighs and held them up high enough to expose his pink
hairless poop hole and said, in a new high voice I hadn't heard before, "Go
ahead Harry, I want it."

I stood rooted amazed at what my words had produced.  Then I felt a small,
warm hand pushing me forward.  "Got ahead, you got him.  I never saw him
give in before and I can't believe he wants you to fuck him.  Time's
awasting."

I approached the marine so definitely in position.  This was new to me but
somehow it came naturally.  I could see he was trembling and sweating out
of fear, I think.  As I was almost on him, he lifted his legs higher.  This
was one girlie marine and I wasn't going to disappoint him.

I moved into the space between those big legs and rested my slim prick on
his puckered hole now kissing at my shaft. He was a sight to behold.  His
tongue was hanging out and he was almost sobbing.  Between gulps of air he
said, "Honey, please do it."

"Okay grunt, I'm going in for a landing.  Brace yourself."

I let my cock head slip in and then I stopped.  His big brown eyes opened
in worry.  "What's wrong?"

"Nothing Miss, I'm just waiting for you to finish the landing."

He put his hands around on my ass and pulled me toward him and my cock slid
in smoothly like a knife in butter.  In a moment my thick brown pubes were
against his hard body ass and he cooed in happiness.

I let is soak for a moment more than began sawing.  Yeah, I pushed in and
out until my boy was almost unconscious with pleasure.  I ought to charge a
fee for this, he was sooo happy.

Meanwhile I became conscious of wee baggage boy behind me.  The kid was
making love to my strong back and kissing it up and down.  That was nice,
but I also felt his big cock touching my ass cheeks and I knew what that
meant.  I turned to glare at him over my shoulder.

"Hey bag boi, if you are thinking of going for a fuck, you better get the
idea out of your head or I'll beat the shit out of you."

He moved back a bit.  "Okay, but you have such a beautiful ass.  Oh those
dimples and the fucking shape of it.",

Funny, his admiration of my backside had an effect.  I felt my ass hole
pushing in and out.

Then he said, "Can I rim you?"

"What's that?  If it doesn't involve a cock in my hole, I guess it's okay."

"You'll know in a minute and you'll love it."

I shrugged and got back to my main project, fucking this formerly tough
dude.  Back into the Halls of Montezuma I said to myself as I plunged in
and out encouraged by his grunts and cries.  He sure was a noisy one.  But
then, there was a new sound in the room.  Lots of o-o-o-o's and oh's.  It
was me.  It was the result of a hot tongue licking my ass hole.

At first a tightened my ass cheeks in consternation, but then I realized
that I loved that tongue.  It probed inside then pulled out and swirled
around my pucker. This little one was a master at lunching on ass.

I gave in.  I surrendered like a greedy pig to the feelings he was bringing
me.  I kept up my fucking but he was right along with my movements.  I saw
the marine's cock lying on his flat belly was leaking pre cum like a
faucet.  I grabbed it like a pommel and fucked harder.  He was moaning
continually as his cum was just a blink away and my own ejaculation was
signaling by making my thrusts feel like I could hardly move my hips.

Then the little fellow with the big tongue started licking the back of my
balls.  My eyes rolls, my cock jumped, then the spunk seemed to come up
from my feet and rushed out of the cock slit.  If Cliff's ass was a bank,
then I made a monster deposit.  His cock, in my hand began to spurt up on
his tanned belly as he arched his back in ecstasy.  The two of us made
enough sperm to populate China.  At last it was over.

Cliff sat up on the bed, his head hanging, breathing hard.  I stood there
catching my breath.  Then I realized that the diminutive ass licker was
standing there.  He big wet cock was jumping up and down.  He was the only
one in the room who hadn't cum.

"You guys leaving me like this?"

I thought for a moment then I called out: "Cliff, suck the kid off, you
hear?"

The marine corporal lifted his head and looked dazed, then he opened his
mouth as consent and the kid moved right in and landed at Iwo Jima.  The
marine sucked hard and loud and bell boi crooned happily.  He came pretty
fast, then he was one of those after cum guys who became chatty.

"Hey Harry, some of you fellow classmates from the school have booked two
rooms with a living room between.  Just before I came up here they ordered
a keg.  Shall we join them?"

I was dressed in a flash.  There were a couple of guys in the code school
who were hot.  I hoped that was the bunch downstairs.  Cliff decided not to
go.  He said he was beat.  So the now re-uniformed hop led the way.

When we got in the elevator there was the manager.  Bad news for skippy
boi.  "Where you been.  There's a bunch of girls who need their bags
carried to their rooms.

"Yessir.  I'm on my way."

He whispered "Suite 201".

I saluted and was on my way.  I hoped it was to an orgy.

End Part Two

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Mon, 6 Jan 2014 09:45:07 -0700
From: jay roberts
Subject: "A Crack in the Door, Part One"  by Jay Roberts   Gay Historical

"A Crack in the Door, Part One."  By Jay Roberts   Gay Historical


+++Your New Year's Resolution: Send money to Nifty as a contribution for
all the pleasure this site has afforded you.

+++Although this story has an innocent title, a title that could be a fairy
tale for young folks, it is not, in spite of a possible double meaning.
It is a story but older dudes of at least eighteen or more.  So if you
are not in that age category, it is now time to leave.


I was stationed at Langley Field in Norfolk, Virginia in 1944.  I had been
there only a few months attending a course that trained code clerks.  It
was over now and we were given a three days pass.  This was my first time
off from Air Force Service since enlisting six months earlier.

I was nineteen, no close friends at the base yet and I decided to go to
town by myself and see what happens. On the bus to town I sat behind the
driver.  He was very friendly and when he heard that I had no hotel
reservation he said, "Uh oh, town is crowded and rooms hard to find."  He
suggested going to one of the fancier hotels that the service members do
not usually go to.  "It's the Norfolk Palace.  Try to get into the new
section."

He stopped near the hotel, It was not a regular stop but he seemed to take
an interest in me.  I get a lot of that with older guys.  I guess they get
all fatherly with me, assuming that my blond hair and innocent face
requires guidance.  Actually my face lies and it hides my dirty mind.

I was glad to see that the hotel was in the town center, near restaurants
and movies.  My enthusiasm was dimmed when I found out that there were no
rooms in the new part of the hotel.  The desk clerk, a dark haired,
handsome guy kept looking me over and especially around my crotch area.  I
get a lot of that.  But up to now I have never had any sexual experience
with dudes.

He saw clerk saw my disappointment and said, in a low voice, "I could get
you into the older part of the hotel but I hope you'll show some
appreciation."  I figured he meant a tip but when I started to get my
wallet out, he put his hand on mine and said, "Something other than money.
I'll be up to check on you later."

I'm no dope.  I knew what he meant.

As I picked up my bag I refused help from the bellboy and wended my way out
of the spiffy part of the hotel to the back area and walked long halls to
eventually find my room.  It was small and bare, but good enough,
especially after the barracks.  I put my duffle on a chair.  There was
enough light from the window and the fading late afternoon sun so I didn't
turn on the overhead.

I took off my blouse, shoes and pants and lay on top of the coverlet in my
brown undershirt and matching skivvies.  I closed my eyes and napped.  It
was only an hour my watch told me but the room was now dark.  As I glanced
around I could see light coming from around the door frame from the
connecting room.

I padded over to the door and put my eye against the space.  I got a clear
view of the other room, a duplicate of mine.  There was a guy, a marine
sitting there sipping on a glass of booze.  He was about my age, had
corporal strips.  He was one of the square jawed, big shouldered, square
headed, buzz cut marines like you see in the posters.  Also a type I kinda
like.

His manliness was tempered by his cute button nose and wide full lips.  I
also liked the way he scratched his crotch.  This was terrific, a living
movie right in front of me.

Just then there was knock on the door.  I thought it was for me but the
marine jumped up and opened the door.  He admitted a sailor in white
uniform.  As soon as the door was closed he grasped the kid and put his
full lips on the kid's mouth and they ground their faces together until
they were gasping from the effect.

Shit, this was hotter than hot.

I saw the sailor was a slim kid, not more than eighteen, I saw, no rank on
his sleeve.  He had close, almost bald haircut but you could see that his
hair was dark.  He also had dark skin, maybe from sunburn or maybe he was
Latino or something.  He was real cute.  Then, for the first time I heard
the marine corporal speak.  He had a rough voice.  "Take off your top."

As the sailor proceeded to untie his black tie his hands shook.  I bet he
was scared.  The marine saw this too and said in a soft voice, "When I saw
you downstairs in the bar having a drink I decided to talk to you and
invite you up here.  I could see you needed a little loving.  Am I right?"
He said this, pushing his strong face right up to the quaking kid.  The boy
nodded sheepishly.

The marine persisted, and said sharply, "Right?"

"I guess," he said, but he didn't back off, He hurried up in divesting
himself of his top.  Those navy tops are tight and his was covered with it
as he pulled it over his head.  I caught a glimpse of his smooth tan back
coming into view and when the top was completely off and I when could see
his bare chest I was surprised.  The kid was slim, but had a good build,
nice pecs and above the waist the beginning of well develops abs.  I bet he
was a gymnast in high school.  He had the typical build.  I found my hand
was straying toward my cock to quiet it.

"Nice!"  Husked the marine.  "What's your name again kid?"

"Billy."

"Oh yeah, I remember."  He put out his beefy hand and said, "Mine's Cliff."
He punctuated that introduction by passing his hand over the left nipple of
the boy's bare chest.  The kid's eyes swept upwards.

Cliff, the Marine saw that.  He must have figured that this boy was putty
in his hands.  Cliff began undressing rapidly.  His big muscled chest and
his thick thighs entranced Billy.  I could see that.  The kid's eyes were
glowing.

When the marine doffed his green issue shorts his thick cock was exposed,
it was slightly puffed up now and lay around the round ball sack looking
very portent.

"Get nude, boy and lets get this action going."

The kid licked his lips and sat down and undid his shoes and slipped off
his pants and skivvies.  His body was full of surprises because his legs
were fuzzy with hair and so was his ass.  It seemed too mature to match his
angelic face.  His cock was slim but very long and jutted out in a curving
arc.  The tip was already wet.

Cliff frown as he surveyed the hairy legs of the kid.  "I didn't expect to
see you looking so fuzzy."

The sailor looked dismayed but shrugged.  "You want a blow job?" he said
unexpectedly.  He must be very inexperienced.  No one would come out like
that in this kind of situation.

The marine stared at him and then sat down on a armless desk chair.  He
slumped back and this position made his heavy cock more visible and
inviting.  "You want to slobber on this?"

The situation was going down hill.  At first this was a seduction of a cute
sailor by a slightly older but experienced marine, then suddenly it had
become a battle of wills.  The sailor was losing this battle as the marine
ordered him to get on his knees.

The thing was, the sailor was across the room as he knelt down and then as
the marine crooked his finger the boy began crawling toward the stiff cock.
He was panting with need to encircle that cock with his mouth.  He was
breathing with audible sighs.  His tongue was showing at the side of his
mouth and he was drooling.

The marine suddenly stood up.  His cock was soft now.  He said in a firm
voice, "It's over scram, get out.  I changed my mind."

The kid stared in disbelieve.

The marine grabbed a bath towel nearby and wrapped it around his waist.  He
grabbed the sailor's clothing that was on the floor and bunched it up and
threw it at the boy who was almost crying.

The boy hastily half dressed and then hurried out of the door.

The marine sat down and poured himself a drink.  He looked unhappy.  My
guess is that he didn't like the submissiveness of the sailor.  Maybe he
wanted to reverse the dynamics.  In any event my thoughts came to a halt as
the sailor spotted the crack in the door.  I had been careful not to turn
on the light, but he still saw it.  He came over and put one brown eye
against the opening.  I quickly drew back and sat down on the only chair in
my room.

I hoped that he didn't guess that I was spying on him but my hope was
dashed as he barked out, "Did you get a good show you pervert."

Then silence.  I was found out.  This was no use pretending.  I went up to
the crack and was looking right at his handsome and bold face.  He moved
back a foot or two, grabbed his crotch through his towel and said in a
strong voice, "I'm coming over, open your door."

End of Part One