Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 11 Dec 2011 12:04:33 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Home From Korea Chapter 4

Duong had pushed Devin back onto the big bed. Peyton jumped down on the
left of his cousin and James to the right side while Duong stood at the
foot of the bed gazing down upon the three nude teens. All were fully
aroused, but the one that had drawn Du's attention was Devin. Duong had
wanted Devin since that first meeting, hours before. Even though Devin was
in an exclusive relationship and so was he Duong wanted the soldier. He
couldn't pass on the forbidden fruit that lay before him, luring him. He
just stood there watching his two friends while admiring Devin's body.

Peyton and James were busy their left hands and fingers stimulating Devin's
nipples. He watched their finger tips flick the erect buds while their
moist lips were kissing on his beautiful upper body. The boys were making
Devin moan and sigh as he squirmed under their touches. Duong had to taste
the fresh meat. After a few minutes watching he lowered his head towards
Devin's dick and began kissing the pink crown of his cockhead as he held
the thick shaft at the base.

As Duong's moist lips met with Devin's manhood the soldier exclaimed, "Oh
My God! I've never experienced anything like this before. I've never had
three guys attack my bod."

"You just lay back and enjoy the night soldier boy," James said. "We owe it
to you for protecting our nation and freedom."

"Yeah, I totally agree," Peyton said. "None of us have a class tomorrow, so
we can entertain and pleasure you all night long if you want and into the
morning."

"What if your parents walk in on us?" Devin asked.

"Never happen Cuz."

"Why?"

"Because I locked the entry door when Du and I came in," James said. "So,
you just lay back and let us bring some holiday joy into your life."

"Besides, my parents never bother us," Peyton chimed.

With that said the two teenage boys once again began licking and kissing on
Devin's erect nipples. James said, "My but these are very prominent buds."

"That's what I've been told before. I think my nipples have a direct line
to my dick because when one gets hard so does the other."

"I hope I'm performing on them satisfactorily," James said.

"Oh yeah," Devin said as he squeezed James rather large appendage. "You can
bite on them lightly if you want."

>From what Devin had seen and felt James definitely had the largest cock of
the four. However, the other three weren't far behind size wise. As Peyton
and James gently began biting and sucking on Devin's nipples he was
stroking their swollen schlongs. Duong was busy caressing and kissing the
head of Devin's dick. All three of the boys were performing diligently.

Duong lifted his head and body up, looking at Devin said, "You said that
you haven't been sucked or fucked in about a week. Well, it's been a hell
of lot longer than that for me. So, I'm going to enjoy the night pleasuring
you."

Having said that Du went back to Devin's dick where he took the swollen
spongy cockhead into his mouth. His tongue began circling the crimson
coronal ring. After a few circles he began working around to the frenulum
area where his tongue could perform its magic. As soon as Duong began
working that sensitive area Devin began moaning louder.

The soldier was worried that his vocals might alert his aunt and uncle, but
he could control his outcries. Devin could feel he was producing precum and
the way Du's tongue was working the crown where tip of his tongue found its
way into the piss slit confirmed his feelings. Devin had discovered from
his Korean lover that Asian men were well-versed in the art of delivering
sexual pleasure.

Devin was enjoying all the attention being lavished upon him. James and
Peyton were engaging Devin in some three way tongue dueling while the two
continued playing the soldier's nipples. In the meantime, Devin could feel
Duong sucking on his balls. The soldier had to take his mind off what was
happing to him. He began remembering that first time Kim made love to
him. A weekend he would never forget.

The two men had met and known each other for about five or six months
before anything sexual happened. However, unbeknownst to the other both men
had been entertaining sexual thoughts and fantasies about the other since
they met. One night after their martial arts workout Kim invited Devin to
his small apartment. The two had no sooner entered Kim's apartment than the
Korean boy pushed Devin down on the bed where they became intertwined in a
torrid embrace. For Devin all seemed so reminiscent of what was presently
happening, except there was only the two of them that special night in
Korea a year ago.

After much making out and frotting Devin and Kim got down to some serious
lovemaking. Devin had no duty for the next two days, something Kim knew
about ahead of time, so the Korean took advantage of the days off to seduce
his new American friend. From that point on the two made love as often as
possible for the next year; in fact, Devin was willing to extend a second
time so as to be with his lover. What did he have to lose? He had a good
job with the Army in Seoul, was free to come and go as he pleased when he
didn't have to work or have the duty, and didn't go on field training
exercises like the combat soldiers.

Devin had been back in the states for less than a week and had three
beautiful college students kissing and sucking on his body. He didn't know
how much longer before he would explode. As a journalist Devin knew there
must be a story in all of it somewhere. Maybe that was what he should do
start keeping a journal about all that had happened and what would take
place during his month long leave. He was sure what was taking place that
night wouldn't end soon and would be memorable.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Thu, 8 Dec 2011 18:08:01 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Home From Korea Chapter 3

After dinner Devin and his cousin retired to Peyton's bedroom to await the
arrival of the two boys Devin met earlier in the day. Devin thought that
both boys were attractive. One of the boys appeared to be biracial half
black and half Asian. However, with the first name of Duong Devin was sure
he was Vietnamese heritage. The others called him Du for short. Devin was
immediately taken with Du's exotic looks. As the two cousins made there way
to the bedroom both were thinking about the other in sexual ways.

Once in the bedroom both boys partially disrobed, making themselves
comfortable. After removing the new Dockers he'd purchased earlier in the
day and his shoes Devin flopped down on Peyton's bed in his T-shirt and
boxers. Peyton turned on the desktop computer with the big flat screen
monitor.

"Come over here," Peyton said. "I want to show you where we're going
shopping Saturday."

Devin scooted the second chair up to the computer table before being
seated. Peyton stated, "This is what Edinburgh outlet mall looks like," as
he began to open the Google browser map and then the PDF map of the outlet
mall. After viewing the maps the two boys began discussing the different
stores and what they had to offer.

Both boys were interested in male clothing lines as both were going
shopping on Saturday. The shopping spree was an annual event that Peyton
look forward to every Christmas. He'd saved his money to shop for his mom
and dad and this Christmas he wanted to get something special for his
cousin. The boys were showing interest in the outlet stores that
specialized in men's underwear.

Suddenly, Peyton's cell phone went off. It was James one of the two
expectant visitors telling their friend they were parking in the
driveway. Peyton told James to make sure he parked on the apron so as to
not block the driveway. "We've got company," Peyton said as he closed the
cell phone.

The two sat back and waited on the two friends to arrive and entry the
lower level through the private entrance. Once all four were comfortable in
Peyton's bedroom they all began discussing the main topic: Devin. The new
arrivals wanted to know all about Peyton's cousin. The two young college
students began questioning Devin about what it was like in the Army and
Korea.

After about two hours of questions and answers regarding Army life and
Korea Devin suddenly made an announcement. He took a deep breath and said,
"I hope I won't disgust or offend you guys but I need to be honest and tell
you something."

"Sure," Peyton said.

"I'm gay, and my lover in Korea is gay."

There was silence in the room for a few seconds. Devin didn't know what to
think as he looked around the room. There were looks of astonishment on the
other three boy's faces at first, but then the looks shifted from shock
disbelief to smiles of acceptance.

James broke the silence first saying, "Hell Dev, you're among friends. We
all are gay too."

Devin broke into a smile and then they all hugged in a big group hug.

"Tell us all about your lover in Korea," Peyton requested.

"Kim is almost twenty-two, attends the University of Seoul and works three
days a week as a translator for the US over there."

"So, he's not like a male prostitute, he's a smart guy," Duong the biracial
student commented.

"Oh, he's very intelligent. He is majoring in Physics and wants to get a
grad degree in the same field."

"Wow! He must be super intelligent," Peyton remarked.

"Yeah. We met shortly after I arrived in Korea at a martial arts studio in
Seoul where we became friends and eventually lovers."

"What martial arts did you study over there?" Duong asked.

"Sirum, it's Korean Wrestling and traditional Taekwondo, fighting with feet
and hands.

"Cool," Duong replied.

"So, you got a picture of Kim?" Peyton asked.

"Yeah," Devin replied as he fished his wallet from the pants pocket of the
new pair of tan Dockers. Devin opened the wallet, producing a couple photos
of the two. He passed them around.

"Damn, he is a hot looking guy," Peyton said. "Both you guys are ripped."

The other two agreed saying, "You two make a great looking couple."

"So, how did you get away with having a male lover being in the Army?"
Peyton asked. "Of course just looking at you guys you could never tell you
guys were queer."

"We were very discreet. We just appeared as friends and martial arts
partners and no one paid much attention to us," Devin said. "The Army
encourages soldiers to become close with the Korean people and culture and
make friends while stationed there."

"Ain't no way I wouldn't be attracted to him," Duong said.

"So, what your story Du?" Devin asked.

"What you mean?"

"You appear to be part Asian and part black," Devin questioned. "What's the
Asian heritage?"

"My dad was black and my mom is French and Vietnamese. Dad and mom met and
married while dad was in the Army just before the North took over
Vietnam. He brought her back to America where I was born."

"You use was referring to you dad," Devin questioned.

"Yeah, dad passed away when I was like ten. I'm the baby in the family."

"Sorry to hear about your dad Du. My mom, dad and sister were killed in an
automobile accident up in the Indianapolis area two years ago. My aunt,
uncle and Peyton are the only family left except for some distant cousins
around the Indiana area."

"Sorry to hear," Du said. So, are you and Kim in an exclusive
relationship?"

"We were, but now I don't know what our relationship is; besides we're both
so young. I know Kim wants to come to America to do his graduate studies
and I'd sure like to help him come over to do his studies, but I don't know
anyone with that type juice."

"You may be in luck Dev. My mom works in the graduate studies Office of
International Admissions. Let me talk to her and see what the procedure is
for a foreign student to apply," Duong said.

"I'd sure appreciate any help for Kim," Devin replied. "Even if we don't
get back together as lovers we'll always be friends."

So, who is paired with whom in the room tonight?" Devin asked.

James spoke up saying, "Peyton and I have been dating. Du is kinda on his
own of late. His boyfriend is overseas going to school for the year."

Devin asked, "Now the big question, do any of your parents know about you
guys being gay?"

"Oh yeah," Peyton said. In fact, gays are pretty much out, especially
around campus and with our parents."

"You don't mind being seen with us do you Dev?" James asked. "Being in the
Army and all."

"No. Might pose a problem down at Fort Campbell, but I'm not down there
yet. I'm going to try to get some type of early out if that is still
possible so I can attend school. I was taking classes while station in
Korea. The recruiting guy in Korea told me to ask about attending college
to become an officer once I get to Fort Campbell."

"Where do you want to go to school?" Peyton asked.

"I don't know, maybe here at IU. I already got an IU sweat shirt," Devin
said with a laugh.

"So, what were you guys doing on the computer when we arrived?" James
asked.

Peyton opened the window up on the monitor showing different favorite
websites that advertised underwear. They began looking at the different
outlet stores that sold underwear with input from all the boys about likes
and dislikes in underwear. They decided that Tommy Hilfiger had the most
colorful selection. However, Jockey and Calvin had the ones that most
appealed to Devin.

One of the boys suggested that Devin strip off his T-shirt, so they could
get a good look at his physique to see which style would be best for him.

"Oh my!" The boys exclaimed in unison as Devin stripped off his shirt.

"I can sure see what Kim saw in you Dev. You are fucking hot," Duong
said. But baby you gots to get rid of them cotton white boxers."

"Yeah, no shit. By the way how long you been working on that stomach Dude?"
James questioned. "I'd give a couple inches of dick for abs like those."

"Turn around and show them your back Dev," Peyton asked.

Devin slowly turned around showing off his unblemished backside to the
admirers, shaking his booty a little for the boys.

"Oh man, you got to quit teasing us Dude. We want to see those buns," James
said.

Devin didn't hesitate and began pushing the white boxers down revealing his
awesome looking buns with the shallow dimples in each cheek. All Dev could
here as he stepped out of the boxers were sounds of sighs and exclamations
of ahs and oohs as he fully revealed his backside.

James remarked, "That ass is absolutely edible."

There were more acknowledgements of appreciation for Devin's backside and
ass. Devin flexed his ass cheeks making them dance. Du said that he thought
Devin would look good in micro hip briefs. Peyton brought the page up that
showed micro briefs.

"Man, I like the black ones with the white piping," Du said.

"Me too," the other two said in unison.

Devin turned around facing the others posing flexing his biceps and making
his pecs dance. Again there were more sighs and exclamations.

"Nothing on my body including my ass has been eaten or fucked in almost a
week," Devin said somewhat humorously.

"Hell, nothing on my body has been eaten or fucked in months. I'm sure that
anyone of us individually or collectively could remedy your problem for you
tonight," Duong said jokingly. "But you're a taken man."

"Yeah, but I wouldn't want to let you guys down if you are
interested. Besides I'm fuckin horny," Devin said.

Devin was starting to become aroused and said, "I haven't seen what you
guys are packing."

With that said the other three were out of their clothes in seconds. They
were all standing naked viewing each other's bare bodies. Devin quickly
discovered that all of them had beautiful appendages and were
circumcised. Although Devin was in the best physical shape the other boys
were in decent shape. Devin was showing interest in Duong, probably because
he reminded him of Kim.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 4 Dec 2011 14:39:47 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Home From Korea Chapter 2

The night was a restless one for Peyton. The older cousin had whetted
Peyton's sexual appetite minutes earlier as he stood naked in the bathroom
taking care of personal hygiene while displaying a luscious set of buns. He
was filled with anxiety about the person sleeping mere inches away from
him. All he could think about that night was his older cousin. Peyton was
apprehensive about his cousin because of his unknown sexuality. However, he
was sure he would discover who and what he was before Devin left to go back
to Army life.

When he awoke the next morning Peyton let his cousin sleep while he went to
the last meeting with his group before their end of semester class
presentation. The group's meeting had taken place at his mom's café. After
the meeting Peyton told them all about his cousin's arrival, where he'd
been and what he'd been doing. The freshman college student was exuberant
telling his friends about his cousin. By the time they finished their
coffee and pastry they were all eager to meet Peyton's cousin. He promised
his friends that he would try to get his cousin on campus in the next day
or two.

As the group prepared to go their separate ways for the day Payton told
them, "I'll make sure to get him on campus or here at the café before the
semester goes into holiday hiatus."

After the meeting with his presentation group that Wednesday morning Peyton
drove home where he found his cousin awake, sitting at the kitchen table
eating a bowl of cereal.

"Where ya been, where is everyone?" Devin asked his cousin.

"This is a week day I had to go to school for a meeting, mom is at the
café and dad is still at the university," Peyton replied.

"Cuz, could you give me a ride into town so I can buy some civilian
clothes?" Devin asked. "My civilian clothing and the rest of my stuff is on
its way over here. Probably on a slow boat from Korea, but maybe they'll
get here before I have to report at Fort Campbell. So, for the time being I
need some civvies."

"Sure, I'd offer you some of my clothes, but I don't think they'd
fit. You're a bit bigger than me. So, get dressed and were outa here."

The two went back to the bedroom where Peyton watched his older cousin
dress. The soldier put on his Class "A" green uniform trousers, a clean
white T-shirt and his black low quarters before he asked, "You got a sweat
shirt I can wear?"

"Sure," Peyton replied.

He went to his dresser and retrieved a sweat shirt saying, "Here's an IU
sweat shirt that should fit."

Once Devin was dressed the two departed to go shopping. In Peyton’s
car Devin asked, "Where to?"

"Do you know what you want to buy and how much you want to spend?" Peyton
questioned.

"You know, just a pair of casual slacks, couple shirts and sneakers. I
don't want to spend an arm and leg," Devin replied. "You know, maybe a
COSTCO, Sam's Club or Wal-Mart. What about an outlet store?"

"There's a Sam's over in Van Buren Park. Also, got a Wal-Mart Super center
in that area. Not that far. There is a place about an hour from here called
Edinburgh Outlet, kinda like a specialty outlet mall with about 75
different stores. Maybe you wanta go to College Mall first," Peyton said.

"For the time being just a store to pickup some basics," Devin replied,
"maybe this weekend I can kinda get a list compiled to go shopping."

Peyton asked, "You got cash or credit cards?"

"No credit cards, not much cash, but I think I got a bank card from the
bank in Maryland where I have my account."

"What bank's that?" Peyton asked.

"Bank of America."

"Okay, I know there's a B of A branch over on third in the College Mall
area. Our family has accounts there. Let's head over there before we do
anything else," Peyton said.

"Cool," Devin replied.

"From there we'll stop off and get some coffee. Don't have to pay for
coffee at Mom's place. Maybe she'll have an idea or two. As a matter of
fact we're closer to the café, so let's head over there, get some coffee,
some free advice from mom and make our plans over coffee."

In a matter of minutes Peyton pulled into the parking lot at his mom's
café. The boys got out and went inside. The place was vacant, so they were
immediately greeted by Peyton's mom with, "Two coffees boys?"

Peyton nodded to his mother as the two sat down in a booth. Devin's aunt
approached with two coffees and a small bowl of creamers and asked,
"Anything to eat? I'm getting ready to close, but I can fix you all
something."

"You got a doughnut Aunt Katherine?"

"Matter of fact, I got two bear claws left. I was going to bring them home
for you boys. I'll warm them up, put a pat of butter on top and bring them
over."

As Peyton took charge of the conversation Devin's eyes were riveted on his
younger cousin. He was thinking that if given the chance he'd like to get
him in bed, but then there was the cousin obstacle. Devin didn't know how
big a barrier that might be between them, but he didn't know about Peyton's
sexuality.

"You know how much money you have in your bank account and how much you
wanta spend?"

"Huh, oh, not really."

Peyton caught him by surprise while he was thinking about his cousin. "I
have a rough idea. I get paid by way of direct deposit first of the
month. I didn't get a chance to check this month's deposit before I left
Korea, and since then the only thing I've spent any real money on is the
ticket to get here."

"Do you do online banking?" Peyton asked.

"Yes, when I was in Korea I did."

"Once we finish here we'll head over to the bank and let them get you setup
so you'll have spending money," Peyton replied.

About then Peyton's mom reappeared with the two Bear Claws asking, "Where
are you boys headed after you have your coffee and pastry?"

"To the bank and then shopping for some clothes," Devin replied.

"Before you do any serious shopping Devin I want to let you know that this
Saturday I'm going to the Edinburgh Premium Outlet on a shopping spree."

"Peyton mentioned that place."

"Their Christmas sales start Saturday and I've got a gift card for you as
an early Christmas gift, and I've got one for you too dear," Peyton's mom
replied. "Oh, here's my business card, see this person at B of A. She comes
in here a lot and I'm sure she'll be willing to give you that personal
touch helping you with your banking business."

"Thanks," Devin said accepting the card.

"So, if you want let's get you just the basics to last you a couple more
days and go with mom on Saturday. That place is totally awesome. You can
get brand names stuff for hecka good prices," Peyton said.

The boys finished their coffee and Bear Claws, Peyton kissed his mom on the
cheek good-bye and then the two departed. After a meaningful meeting at the
bank that concluded with Devin getting some cash the two went
shopping. Devin bought a pair of casual slacks and a couple T-shirts before
heading home.

Once the two finished shopping and before heading home Peyton made a stop
at one of the local college hangouts. Once inside he recognized several
people from the IU campus.

"Hey Pey, what's up?"

"Nothin much. Givin my cousin the nickel tour of town," Peyton replied, "by
the way everyone this is my cousin Devin. He just returned from almost two
years in Korea."

Everyone shook hands and then Devin and Peyton slid into the big circular
booth with the others. The questions about Korea began to flow. Before long
someone said, "Damn, it almost five I gotta get going to work."

The party began to break up. By a quarter to six there were only four
people left. Peyton's cell phone went off. It was his mother asking it he
was coming home for dinner. The two said their good-byes. The two remaining
soles ask if they could come over around seven-thirty or so to visit
more. Peyton looked at his cousin as if to ask are you up to company? Devin
nodded and they all decided on seven-thirty at Peyton's house for more
visiting. Devin felt there was something special about the people he'd
met. His gaydar was telling him that his cousin's friends might be gay.

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Sun, 27 Nov 2011 13:36:04 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Home From Korea

Warning! Some parts of this story are sexually explicit, if you are not of
legal age to read such or are offended by erotic writing do not read any
further. To contact the author make appropriate corrections to the e-mail
address bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com then put it into the e-mail
address, using Subject line: Home From Korea.


Home From Korea
By The Rump Ranger

After the aircraft landed at McCord Air Force Base on that chilly December
morning soldiers deplaned and formed up on the tarmac. Standing in
formation Devin Smith was hopeful that his aunt and uncle still wanted him
to spend his leave time with them. The only family Specialist Devin Smith
had left alive was an aunt and uncle living in Bloomington, Indiana.
However, before he could depart on leave he had to get on a military bus
with the other soldiers returning from Korea for the short trip from McCord
to Fort Lewis for processing.

Devin felt that processing was such a pain in the ass. Much of it was
unnecessary rehash of prior processing. Once the bus arrived at Fort Lewis
the soldiers were run through quick physicals to check out shot records and
for any medical problems or bugs. Then it was off to collect travel pay and
orders before departing on leave. After all the processing was complete
Devin called his aunt and uncle to firm up him spending his month leave
period before reporting to his new duty station at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.

Once all of that was out of the way the Specialist dressed in his Class "A"
uniform and began preparing for the trip to SEATAC. The twenty year old
soldier arrived at the Seattle Tacoma airport the afternoon of the
following day after he arrived back in the states. He purchased a one-way
ticket to Indianapolis. Then after he confirmed his flight's departure and
arrival times he called his aunt and uncle to give them his flight number,
gate and arrival time. Devin had served nineteen months in Korea, six of
which were extension for good of the Army, now he was eager to get away
from military life for a while and enjoy being back in America.

After arriving in Indianapolis Devin claim his baggage and then walked
outside and sat down on the bench to wait on his ride. A chilly breeze met
the young soldier as he stepped outside. The weather had been the same from
the day he departed Korea to arrival in Indianapolis -- cold. No sooner had
the young soldier seated himself on the cold bench than a horn began
blaring on an arriving vehicle. The car pulled up in front of Devin and two
men jumped out. The younger man ran up and hugged Devin. Then he grabbed
the soldier's duffle bag, throwing it in the back. Uncle Bertrand hugged
his nephew saying, "Mom's at home fixing a little treat for you when we
arrive."

"Sounds great," Devin said. "How long before we get there?"

"About an hour, so get in, sit back and enjoy the ride," Uncle Bert said.
"By the way Fort Campbell is not too far from where we live. When you get
ready to go we'll drive you down. Better than taking a bus."

"Thanks."

The younger man opened the front passenger door for his uniformed cousin to
get into the passenger seat. Once inside he closed the door and got into
the back seat. In the meantime Uncle Bert got into the drivers side and
they departed the airport. The whole process probably took less than five
minutes. At least the inside of the vehicle was warm Devin thought to
himself.

Immediately, Peyton leaned forward from the backseat with his head in
between his father and his cousin. He began questioning his older cousin as
soon as the vehicle began to move at the cyclic rate of an M-60 Machine
gun. Devin remembered that his cousin had always been somewhat of a chatty
and inquisitive kid. However, now his chatter seemed more mature, "Devin,
what did you do while you were in Korea?"

"Just worked doing my job."

""What was your job?"

"I trained in the 46Q career field. So, when I got to Korea I was assigned
to Armed Forces Korea Network as a Public Affairs, Broadcast Specialist."

Peyton asked, "So, did you work on radio or television?"

"A little of both, but mostly radio."

"Sounds cool to me," the younger cousins said.

"In a little over a year and half I only went downrange a couple of times."

"Downrange?"

"Yeah, you know to the field. I went up north to Uijombu and Camp Casey for
a week and then the second time I went up to cover a story on the DMZ. That
was fuckin scary."

"You know I'm a freshman at Indiana University. I haven't made up my mind
about my major yet. Maybe I'll go into Journalism," Peyton replied.

"How old are you now Peyton?"

"Just turned eighteen two days before Halloween," the younger cousin
replied. "After you get rested up I'll take you around to meet some of my
friends if you like. Catch a few parties. Have some fun while you're here
over the Christmas and New Years holidays."

"Thanks, but aren't you still in school for a few more days?"

"This is my free week to prep before finals. All my papers are done and
turned in, finals begin next week. Then, on the fifteenth I'll be done with
the fall semester until the second week of January," Peyton said.

"So, we've got nearly a month together before I go to Campbell."

"Yeah, you arrived just in time for Holiday recess, so we can spend time
together."

"Cool."

As the younger boy continued questioning his cousin it seemed like no time
until Uncle Bert pulled into the big circular driveway a little before
ten. His aunt greeted them at the door. Inside the group sat around the
table eating and drinking hot chocolate while conversing about Devin's
journey home.

After a piece of warm apple pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a
couple big mugs of homemade hot chocolate Devin was ready for bed. His
younger cousin had already informed him that he would be sleeping in the
downstairs bedroom of the big tri-level house.

By the time the two made their way down to the bedroom it was well after
midnight. Once in the spacious bedroom Peyton asked his older cousin, "I
hope you don't mind sharing a bed?"

"That's fine."

"You want to take a shower before you hit the hay?"

"Sure. That'd be great."

"I put fresh towels in the bathroom," Peyton said

The soldier stripped out of his uniform and asked his cousin, "You got a
couple hangers?"

"Yeah. Here ya go," the younger man said handing his cousin a couple
hangers.

Devin hung his uniform up neatly and retrieved fresh under ware and his
toiletry kit from his duffle bag before entering the bathroom. As the older
boy undressed Peyton was impressed with his cousin's physique as he watched
Devin's nearly naked body disappear into the bathroom. The younger boy
crawled under the comforter to wait for his cousin to reappear.

After the shower stopped Peyton could see his cousin drying his body and
then watched as the naked young man brushed his teeth. The door to the
bathroom was open wide enough to give Peyton full view of his cousin's
well-cut backside, especially interesting to him was the buttock. Nice
well-rounded unblemished buns with shallow dimples in each. Before
reappearing in the bedroom Devin dressed in a white T-shirt and drawers.

Once back in the bedroom Devin got into the big queen bed across from his
younger cousin who was laying on his left side propped up on his elbow with
his head resting his hand. The older boy thought to himself what a gorgeous
person Peyton was. He thought, too bad the boy was younger and his
cousin. Devin asked, "Can I use your computer in the morning to check my
e-mail?"

"Sure, I'll turn it on in the morning before I leave."

"You leavin me here by myself?" Devin questioned.

"Yeah, I'm sure you'll still be asleep when I get up. I got to meet my
group at nine and then I'll be back home."

The two conversed for a few minutes before Devin's head sunk into the big
fluffy pillow and he fell asleep. The jet lag had caught up with him.

The lean soldier was thinking how good his cousin laying inches away
smelled and then he began dreaming about his partner that he'd left behind
in Korea. A partner he could snuggle up with in bed. He already missed his
Korean companion who had been his lover for over a year while stationed in
Seoul. Devin's partner Kim would ask him jokingly every night after he got
off duty, "You want me to love you long-time GI?"

They would giggle and begin making out, which led to a night of lovemaking.
Devin didn't know how he was going to get along without his long-time
partner, but knew he was already missing the companionship. He wanted Kim
in bed with him to snuggle on that cold night in Indiana. He knew that Kim
was missing him snuggled up in their bed. The soldier's dreams were vivid
about those love making sessions in that small apartment in Seoul.