Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu, 4 Oct 2007 19:04:51 -0700
From: Jay roberts
Subject: "Air Force Short Arm Inspection Part Two"

I immediately went to the PX to get buck sergeant stripes.  Unfortunately
they only had PFC single ones.  I bought four and added two to each sleeve
and stapled them on.  I wanted to be sure if I ran into problems during the
KP wake ups that I could pull rank.

The next morning I got up at 4:30 in the AM.  I had been issued a GI
flashlight but it was too bright and against blackout regs in England.  The
previous night I taped the lens so that only a slit of light came through.
I strutted down the quiet squadron street looking for the building that
housed my first "victim".  I had a roster of the barracks numbers and cot
numbers.  I felt all powerful, I WAS THE DISTURBER OF SLEEP.

I opened the door to the barracks and was immediately assailed with the
odor of sleeping young man.  Ah, perfume.  Then I became aware of the
sounds, lots of mutterings, snorings and deep breathing.  I approached the
cot where my poor sleepy boy lay oblivious to his fate.  The number of his
cot was painted on the floor at the foot.  There he was, lying on his back,
his covers off, his penis in the throes of hearty morning wood.  I gently
shook his smooth warm shoulder.  He opened his eyes, "Who're you, fuck off.
Get outa here."

"Hey soldier, I can put you on report for addressing a sergeant like that.
Get up, you're on KP.  You got ten minutes to get ready.  Meet me at the
truck at the motor pool."

"Yessir, sorry, I was just half asleep."

Hiding my smile I went to the next barrack.  There were three there and I
messed up their nights sleep with glee.  Oh shit, this was fun.  My ego was
bursting.

There were six guys on the roster.  Actually only five were requisitioned
by the mess chef, but one extra was always listed in case one couldn't make
it.

I headed for a barrack at the far end and entered.  My guy was already
awake, sitting up and resting on a propped pillow.  He was a handsome kid,
blond curly hair and a killer smile.  "Hey sergeant.  How you doing?"

I saw that he was rubbing his crotch and looking down at it and then up at
me.  Now you know me, immediately my prick hardened and rose.  He could see
it clearly and he smiled even broader.  "You're feeling horny today, ain't
ya.  Can I feel it?"

I nodded dumbly, already being controlled by the blood flow to my dick.  He
caressed it softly and then looked up at me.  "Hey pretty sergeant, I'll
make a trade with you."

"What trade?" I croaked.

"A blow job for being excused by KP.  Okay?"

In answer I moved right up to the edge of his cot and opened my fatigue
pants.  They were loose and they slid down to the floor.  My shorts were
way out and he stroked my cock, then he pulled the shorts down.  "Whew,
what a monster.  I'll try to handle it, or die trying.  Send my body home
to Boston, Mass. USA."

This guy could handle it.  He actually unhinged his jaw I think and opened
his gullet and swallowed the whole thing.  Oh shit, I never felt anything
better, especially when he held it down there and gulped and made his
throat muscles stroke it.  I knew I couldn't last long with this treatment.
I rubbed his freshly barbered hair and held on to his ears and fucked his
mouth.  He moaned and grunted at the assault, but he didn't have to bear it
long.  My knees collapsed and my thighs grew rigid and with a muted cry I
began delivering the morning milk.  He managed not to lose a drop.  When I
finished he gave it one nice kiss on the piss slit and licked his lips.
"Sweeet," he said.  I crossed his name off the list and headed for the
truck.

My detail was sitting in the open back of the truck.  Two guys had fallen
asleep.  I started off, gears grinding because I had never driven anything
like this.  You have to double clutch, something foreign to me.  In any
event I got them to the mess hall at the headquarters and turned them over
to the cook.  He looked at them like they were lepers and got them peeling
potatoes.  "When you have a hundred done, you can eat breakfast."

As for me, I was a fellow non-com.  He took me into the empty officer's
mess and made scrambled eggs and beacon.  Oh the perks of being a duty
sergeant.

I drove the truck back to the squadron area and on up the hill to the motor
pool.  Uh Oh, I ended up in a area of deep mud, I was in deep shit, I knew
it when a big tall, shirtless guy with day old whiskers, a cigar in his
mouth and a bottle of English beer in his hand headed for me.  I got out of
the truck and we met each other halfway.  "Are you some kind of ignorant
son of a bitch, fag, shit head?  What you doing ruining my trucks?  I heard
you grinding gears this morning."  Suddenly he stopped and stared at me.
He was quite a guy, muscular in his chest with some nice blond hair there.
His arm muscles were like balloons.  He was a giant, but his face was one
of a mischievous boy with his ginger hair tumbling over his forehead and a
wide, humorous mouth.  "Say boy, you're kinda fetching.  Do ya make it with
guys?"

I was dumbfounded.  My mind was working like a calculating machine I have
learned so far that the Air Force lets compliant guys off the hook so I
wasn't going to deny anything that might help my case.  "I guess so, a
little."

"A little is all I need.  Git into my lil' ol' motor pool shack here,"

He put his hambone arm around my neck and steered me inside.  The place was
real 100% manly, pictures of girls' breasts torn from magazines, but there
were also physique poses with guys wearing tiny straps that just covered
their vital parts.  "Git over there and grab holt of that truck tire and
hold on.  If you feel any pain, just bite on the tred."

I did it.  What else could I do?  I expected to be brutally treated but the
surprise was that he was very gentle.  He lowered my pants and exposed my
boy-ass.  "Whoooeeee, that's as fine a rump as I seen since my girl
friend's back home."

For some dumb reason, not too smart I was pleased to get the compliment.  I
was even more pleased when the big lug began petting my ass cheeks and
running his big sausage finger along the warm, damp place between my
halves.  I was beginning to go into a slight spin and sweat was breaking
out on my back.  "That's it boy, go into your sex sweat."  He licked my
back.  Oh shit, I was slowly getting lost in his desires and needs and
somehow I wanted to please him.  Then I felt something incredibly
wonderful.  He had creased his tongue and pushed the pointy end into my
rectum. It was like a little dick.  In and out he used it.  He hummed
against my ass hole.  I could have enjoyed this all day, but Sgt, Motor
Pool has other ideas.  I heard his heavy tool belt fall and then his boots
being kicked off.  The next thing was the blunt end of his meaty cock
knocking on my back door.

"Please, please don't put that in me.  I don't want to be violated."

"Violated?  You little shitty fairy, you are going to violated and yer
goin' ask for more."

He moved against my ass and pushed the big head in and then just stayed
quiet.  I moaned in fear and slight discomfort.  He kissed my back.  "Now
chippie, jus' calm down and take yer happy punishment. "  At that he moved
forward and his penis slide deeper and deeper while I howled and howled.
Before I knew it, his blond wiry public hair was tickling my tender ass
cheeks.  I felt full, like I had to shit, but it wasn't bad.  Then he
wiggled a little.  I moaned.  "I think you like that.  Ya want me to fuck
you?"

"Isn't that what you're doing?"

"Naw, this is jes' gittin' into position.  Now this is fucking."

He pulled back and rammed forward.  My eyes rolled upwards and I began
mewling half from fear but mostly from good feelings that were radiating
from my treacherous ass to my half dead brain.  He pulled back his hand and
slapped one ass cheek.  My cock leaked a little from the sensation.  He put
his thick lips on my ear.  "Tell me that you want me to fuck you."

"Okay," I said hoarsely.

"Say fuck me and mean it otherwise I am goin' to kick you out in the mud."

I screamed out "fuck me" and fuck me he did.  He pulled back, rammed
forward, soon the two of us were panting like stuck pigs.  I could hardly
believe it but I felt my orgasm coming on.  "Oh, oh."

"You feelin' good.  You gonna deliver the milk boy?  Do it.  I'll close
behind ya."

My ass began vibrating and my penis shook and grew larger.  Just when my
thighs locked I screamed out my cum.  He could feel it and he stopped
moving and began crooning and spurting..  We each emptied our balls for a
long time, shaking and almost crying.

"Boy, you made me happy.  When a boy makes me happy, I make him happy.
Next time you need a truck, use mine.  It's brand new and has this new
automatic transmission."

I felt my ass leaking all the way down to the orderly room.  It hurt a
little, but in a nice way.  I decided I better check in with Staff Sgt
Robert and the Louie.  The office seemed pretty dark, but there was a crack
of light under the shade on the side.  I got up close and peered in.  There
was Lt.Biff totally naked and he was sitting next to Robert.  Both had hard
ons and were gently stroking each other.  By the flicker in the corner of
the room I realized they had set up a projector and were watching fuck
movies. Or stag movies as some call them.

Suddenly I realized that Biff had seen me and came up to the window and
smiled.  He mouthed a "come in."  I went around the front and tapped on the
door.  He came and threw it open, still naked and still hard for all the
Squadron to see if they passed.  I now could see that he was half crocked
and so was Robert.  Robert was kind of cute being high.  They greeted me
warmly.  Robert slurred, "Come in beauty-boy and get bare-assed.  You're
the duty sergeant, well we got some duties for you."  They both fell into
fits of laughter.  I think that they may have been in a good mood, but I
better not test them.  If I walked out now, I would get my ass in a sling,
as they say.  I got undressed and walked over to them.  Can you believe it,
my cock started rearing up.  I was hoping they were suck me again, but they
had a different idea.

The Lt. Said, "Get down on your knees.  You're going to suck us both."

"Both at the same time?"

"No, it's going to be a relay.  You go from one to the other and see who
you can get off first.  Now don't refuse.  You owe us.  You got a
promotion, you got a blowjob and I can be sure you got plowed by the motor
pool sergeant.  Now it's payback time."

Robert put a firm hand on my shoulder and urged me to my knees.  There I
was both guys hips to hip and their moist cock heads awaiting my servicing.
There was no alternative.  My virgin lips were going to double launched and
this was the moment.  Strangely spit rushed into my mouth.  I even had to
wipe a drool line from the corner.  Robert noticed it.  "Hey Biff, his
mouth is watering.  This is something the boy wants.  Go to it."

I leaned down and took Robert's slim long cock in my mouth.  Immediately he
put his hand on my hair and rubbed it as if I was a good dog.  I loved it.
I was glad he was pleased with my performance.  I just couldn't stop the
drool that was wetting his cock right down to the curly pubic hair.  He
liked the feeling of his cock being sucked wetly.

Meanwhile I dimly heard Biff's gruff voice.  "Hey newbie sergeant, if you
want to keep those stripes you better get busy on my tool right now.
Robert here is halfway to his cum and I am just starting.  Time to even it
up."

He stopped talking as my wet hot mouth engulfed his fat prick.  He began a
mumbo jumbo song of pleasure as I licked his cockhead rapidly and worked my
way down his shaft.  He was cussing like a angry sailor as I continued.  I
knew he was fighting not to cum yet.

Meanwhile Robert was being careful not to get himself off because he was
wanking pretty hard.  I left off the louie and resumed with Robert.  "Oh
shit Trey, I'm squeezing my ass but it's not working.  I just can't seem to
calm myself down.  Two more sucks, then go back to Biff while I cool off."

Biff's eyes were closed and his cock was trembling.  I could see he was on
the verge.  Just seeing me do my stuff on Robert was bringing on his
orgasm.  I took his vibrating tool into my mouth again.  He let out a
football yell from his days in the varsity.  His stomach began fluttering
against my forehead and he began a long, many spurt cum that I had to
swallow fast.  Just as his last spurt finished, Robert grabbed my head hard
and pulled me onto his prick.  He was already into the beginning of his
orgasm and his legs were scissoring wildly.  I felt as if I had a bucking
horse under me.  Then he started, grunting loudly with each delivery of
spooge.  I hung on and drank his stuff greedily.  As last he finished and
he sat back breathing hard, leaning again Biff who seemed equally out of
it.

I got off my knees and fell back on my backside waiting for them to
recover.  Finally the Lieutenant reached out and took a ruler from the desk
next to him.  "I dub you Staff Sergeant," he said mimicking the British
Court investiture.

Robert asked, "Hey did we taste different?"

"Yeah," I told him.  "You New Yorker has taste of the lights on Broadway
and subway gropes.  You Biff still have your days of football sweat
memorialized in your cum.  I taste cheers and a faint note of liniment.:

I got to my feet, and dressed quickly.  "Got to leave.  I got sleeping kids
to disturb in a few hours."  They waved goodbye weakly.

As I walked back to my barracks and my beckoning bed I thought, "If I keep
this up I will be promoted to company commander, maybe general."


End

If you decide to join the armed services, don't count on this kind of
action.  Maybe the recruiters ought to advertise: "Don't ask, don't
tell-just do it!"

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 1 Oct 2007 16:12:09 -0700
From: Jay roberts
Subject: "Air Force Short Arm Inspection, Part One"

++No dears, this is not an excerpt from the Military Channel.  You won't
learn about guns and stuff here.  If you are under 18 you probably don't
know what "short arm" means.  Good.  You can find out when you are older.
If you are over 18, bring your "short arm" here and enjoy the story.


The year is 1943, the place an Air Force base outside of London.  (This is
said in a portentous voice like Orson Welles.)  I am a dewy 18.  I boast a
proud PFC stripe.  With pride I tell you confidentially that I am a sheik.
Maybe you don't now what that means, but then it meant a dreamboat, wait
you probably don't know that either.  I was excruciatingly handsome, strong
chest and legs, light brown hair, pretty face, 29" waist, and a great bulge
in my suntan uniform crotch.  Guys noticed it as their eyes swept down,
then embarrassed up again to check out my intense blue eyes tha5 made them
blind by their brightness.

Because I am too young and dumb I have never taken advantage of my physical
benefits bestowed by nature.  I am still young, but I missed a lot up to
now.  Oh yes, there were a few sessions with Keith last year.  Keith is not
in service, he answered that question, "Do you like boys?" in the
affirmative and got his physical stamped with some rude "unfit".  Maybe
"unclean" I don't know.

I, Treymore Wallace am very interested in the young guys around me,
especially today as they are all naked.  Now that must have your interest.
Yeah, we landed in England early today and before we were allowed to get to
our base, we had to have our physical so we don't infect London.  We are
now in that scary part of the physical when we have to drop our olive drab
shorts to our ankles and stand in rows with our dangle, dangling and our
asses revealed to the row behind us.

An officer and an aid walk up and down the rows, "Name?"  You say your
name.  "Do you have any problems with your penis?"  You say "no" but you
would like to be a wise guy like some of the men and say, "Yeah, not enough
pussy."

The 0fficer, an old medial major instructs, "Life your balls, pull back
your foreskin, milk it down."  This is to look for discharge.  I can smell
a persistent odor of smegma permeating the room from over a hundred cocks
being stripped back and milked.  Ah, not bad at all.  Oh fuck, I can feel a
slight filling of my penis from the smell.  We all keep our eyes rigidly
away from looking at any troops' equipment, but right in front of me are
perky, slim asses.  I take a quick look down the row.  I see all the guys
are slim waisted; they have those nice youthful dimples above their asses.
Some asses were cozily fuzzy, others shiny and pink.

When I looked down at my penis I noted that I was quite well endowed
compared to the others.  Most of them looked about like Keith's organ.  I
guess I was pretty large.  My balls hung down even below my long penis.

The young sergeant following the major opened his eyes widely when he saw
it.  He was pretty nice looking.  Short haircut like all of us, but you
could see that if it grew out it would be dark and curly.  He had the
nicest mouth, a little full and wide and his eyes were Teddy Bear brown.
He was about my height, 5' 7" but muscular.  You could see the way his
blouse outlined his chest muscles and his uniform pants were tight over his
thighs.

I read the black plastic ID,, his name was Robert Dover.  I thought in my
head, "Bob, mo Bobby."  His pretty eyes widened when he looked at my penis,
he smiled slightly.  I steeled myself, I was getting a little bigger.

I think he would have given me an "A" for the exam.  He and the major
passed on to the next guy who had to be instructed to take his hands away
from blocking his dick.  Robert glanced back at me and smiled and winked as
though he was including me in the joke.  Finally the short arm was over.  A
first sergeant barked, put on your shorts, start marching to the rear and
get dressed.  You got two minutes, if you're not dressed, you have to March
naked."

We all picked up our two barracks bags, an "A" bag and a "B" bag, sat on
one and we all lit cigarettes.  At five cents a pack, why not smoke.

Then we marched to our new barracks.  I grabbed a bed near the door, a
prime spot and we were given some free time.  Just then the PA crackled.
"Private First Class Wallace, report to the orderly room."

"Uh, uh, you're in deep shit.  You're going to get docked 'cause your
cock's too big," said the hillbilly who had the bunk next to mine.  I found
the orderly room and knocked on the door.  "Come in," said a young voice.

I drew to attention and smartly, with arms swinging, negotiated a march to
the orderlies' desk.  Stopped and saluted.  "At ease, soldier, No salute
necessary.  Sit down, light up if you want and let's talk."

Holy molly, it was the three strip sergeant who assisted the major.  He had
taken off his dress blouse and was in an OD undershirt, his muscular arms
on display.  What a nice smooth, light colored skin he had.  I could see
his luxuriant underarm hair as he lifted his arm.

"I guess you are wondering why you are here, Trey.  I guess that is what
your friends call you.  I hope to be your friend."

I was getting dizzy with the attention.  Now this Robert was a year or two
older than me, but he was some sexy looking guy.  I had already been
impressed with him during the inspection.

"Trey, I might be able to throw some special jobs to you.  Would you like
that."

"Sure Sergeant.  What kind?"

"Well you could be KP man.  You wake the guys for KP and drive them there
in the truck.  'Course I expect you to show your appreciate for this
special treatment."

"Sure I really appreciate that."

"No I mean real appreciation."

When I looked puzzled he took a deep breath and said, "I guess this is not
going to be easy.  I thought you were experienced, but I see I got a virgin
here.," he took a deep breath.  "You got a girl friend back home?"

"No sergeant.  I'm not much of a dater."

"Call me Robert.  Do you fool around?"

"Not really, as I said, I don't date."  "I mean with guys."

"Oh."

"Yeah, do you?"

"Well my buddy Keith and I did some stuff before I enlisted."

"You mean jerked each other off?"

Whew, this was getting crazy.  "N-o-o-o, we just read some Play Boys and
jerked off together."

He came out from behind the desk.  "Trey, I like you.  You're going to be
my boy.  I can help you make corporal real fast.  Would you like to be my
boy?"  He petted my cheek in a sweet way and looked into my eyes.
Naturally dumb me gets a hard on."

When I get a stiffy, it really shows, I mean my pants stick out
grotesquely.  I was now slowly getting a real hard on.  He saw it.  How
could he miss it?  "I think you like me.  Look your dick is getting hard
just being near me.  May I touch it."

He didn't wait for me to answer.  He put out his hand, palm on my bulge and
lightly stroked right on top of my erected penis.  I looked down at his
hand.  He had glossy black hairs on the back of his hand.  That was really
sexy.  I was huffing a little and he smiled at me.  "You like to be petted,
don't you?  You are a little greedy feel-good boy.  I'm going to open your
fly now, okay?"

He again didn't wait for an answer.  This was a button fly and with one
quick pull, all the buttons opened up revealing my greenish underwear.
Sticking out of one leg was about a quarter of my penis.  He touched it.
He rubbed the head with his thumb.  My knees were shaking and I had to
reach for the edge of the desk to keep from falling.  He seemed to enjoy my
confusion.  "That's okay pretty boy, don't fight me, just go with it."

Then he leaned forward and put his lips on mine.  Without thinking,
instinctively I kissed hi m back.  His lips felt so hot they almost seared
mine.  He now was breathing hard.  The two of us were panting into each
other's mouth.  Somehow during this he had opened his own fly and his penis
was sticking out.  "Take hold of it.  You want to don't you?"

I gulped, trying to answer, finally I gave up and just reached for it.  It
felt warm and soft on the outside but it was as though an iron rod was
inside.

"Suck it," he demanded.  I jumped back.  This was getting to be too much
for me.

"No, I can't do that.  I'm not that way."

He laughed and chucked me under the chin.  "Trey baby, you're as queer as
me.  You don't have to do it today, but you'll do it before you ship out of
here.  Meanwhile come and sit with me on the bench here.  I'll get you off
and you'll get me off.  Would you like that?"

"I guess so," I said softly.  I was now hurting, my penis was sort of
pulsing.

On the couch he helped me pull my pants down to my ankles and he did the
same.  His penis was nice looking, medium size, smaller than mine.  He had
a lot of hair around it and on his balls, mine was much skimpier of hair
and my balls were smooth.  He reached down and lifted my balls in his hand.
"These are some balls, I bet when you come it'd like Niagara Falls.  I love
having my balls handled, I do it when I masturbate, but he had techniques I
never tried.  He held them and swung them gently side-to-side.  Criminy, I
was almost splashing my pre cum.  He wiped it with the palm of his hand.
"Come on boy, get busy with mine."  I stroked him but I found it difficulty
to do him and concentrate on what he was doing to me.  I guess I'm greedy.

Just then Robert jumped up.  "The Lieutenant's jeep.  I hear it outside.
Get dressed quickly and sit at the desk as if I am interviewing you.  We
both jumped like nuts and got into position.  As the young louie entered
Robert said to him that he was thinking of me for acting duty corporal for
the KP men.

The Lieutenant had gold bars, just a shave-tail, and young as Robert, I
think.  Without his uniform he would look like a college jock, blond, husky
and hunky, with green eyes, and strong features.  He glanced over at us and
his forehead creased.  I wonder if he suspected.  But in a moment I knew he
was wised up.  Robert said, "Biff, there's some papers in your office to
sign."

"I trust you Robert, just sign my name."  He smiled winningly at me and
disappeared into his office.

"He's got a bottle.  In an hour he'll be drunk, this is the time of the day
for his going blotto.  He's the exec. But the CO is never here so I end up
running things."

"I noticed you called him Biff.  Are you that familiar with him?"

"Well if fucking someone makes you familiar, I'm familiar with his white
fuzzy, hungry ass."

"Whew, I'm learning a whole new world..  I guess I better be getting back
to the barracks, the sergeant will be milling me."

"Don't worry about Sgt.Wilkins.  He's one of my boys.  But maybe we should
pick this up later today.  Come by about 08:00 hours.  I'll leave a light
on for you."  He laughed and grab-assed me.

Back at the barracks I got a lot of ribbing, but when I told them I might
be up for KP Corporal, they sobered up, afraid I'd nominate them for the
odious detail.

Chow was not good.  England was suffering a shortage of everything and
although the air force flew in stuff, it mostly went to officers,
especially aircraft personnel.

At about a few minutes before my "date" I slipped into running shorts and a
tee shirt, feeling pretty sexy, especially as I omitted skivvies. I was
half reluctant to get into something heavy in homosexual matters.  I had
gotten comfortable in my denial, but still enjoying looking and
fantasizing..  Now I recognized that Robert was a seducer and by coming to
the office I was giving him consent, but frankly....fuck....I was yearning
for the sexual attention even if I'd have to do something in return.

I tried the door.  It was locked.  I went around to the side window.  There
was a little crack under the shade and I looked in.  Wow, there was
Lt. Biff being boffed.  His big football player body was on top of the
desk.  He was on his elbows and knees and Robert was behind him.  I could
see Robert's hips thrusting.  They were in the middle of a fuck.  Biff's
eyes caught mine looking in.  He looked shit-faced drunk.  He beckoned me
to come in.

I went back to the front door and a naked boy opened it.  It was Robert
fully revealed to me.  What a hot guy.  He was cute and hairy on his chest
and legs and he had a forest of hair around his dick from hip to hip.  He
looked a bit drunk too.  "Where Biff gets in his cups he wants to be
fucked.  Come on in, you can probably get sucked too because he likes it
from both ends."

This was sure the kind of talk I had never heard before but it had me
breathing deep from excitement.  As soon as I entered the room there was
Biff, still on his knees.  "Get naked and come around and shove your prick
in my mouth.  Oh shit, it sure is big, be careful don't thrust it in you'll
damage my stomach."

I got undressed in record time.  I only had the shorts and athletic shirt
and I moved up close to Lt.Biff's puffy mouth.  As soon as I felt his
breath on my dick, it began to rise to its full length of ten inches.  He
groaned in appreciation and took the head in. and flicked his tongue over
the head.  I was in full moan from that.  Meanwhile Robert got back in
position and drove his cock into the full smooth ass in front of him in one
fast motion.  Biff lifted his head and crowed out his pleasure.

There we were, Biff taking my cock inch by inch, swirling his tongue around
it, me crooning and mewling like a new born calf and Robert grunting with
his hard fucking his eyes rolling in pleasure.

The pitch of this sex could not last.  The smell of sex, the sound of sex
and the sensation of sex bringing us to a boil assailed us three.  The
first fall into his cum was Biff.  He screamed that he was cumming and was
followed by Robert who felt the constriction and pulsation of Biff's
asshole.  Biff should have earned his Good Conduct Medal, as he never
stopped sucking me.  I felt my knees weakening and my thighs locking as I
prepared to launch a cum that had been waiting in my balls for weeks.  It
splashed into his gulping mouth.  He swallowed and swallowed.  Finally we
were all finished and slumped down were we were.  The first sign of lift
was the Lieutenant.

"Want a drink anyone.  Especially you Sergeant."

I looked around thinking he was talking to Robert who was a staff sgt, but
he was staring at me.  "Yes you.  Anyone that can spunk like that deserves
another stripe.  Robert make up the order and tomorrow you start you duties
as Duty Sergeant."


End Part One

It turns out that the job of duty sergeant has perks he never expected.