Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 16 Dec 2018 18:19:25 +0100
From: James Rozo
Subject: A Brat's Peregrination-5

A Brat's Peregrination - 5

By Ensign James Rozo, USN

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Notes: Sincere gratitude is extended to F.E. Cooper. Friend and
confidant, his insights, creativity, and lectures on man's dancing mind and
body inspired this chapter.

Inspiration on man's relationship with time and the universe was also drawn
from the poetry of T.S Eliot. Arbitrary points along the continuum, the
past, present, and future are all eternally present and all
unredeemable. Only in the peregrination beyond time can man find the
divine.

Lingam is best translated as `Wand of Light'. The phallic representation of
the Hindu deity Lord Shiva, the lingam receives, stores, and generates life
creating power. When aroused and engorged with life forces it fills the
recipient with pleasure and illumination. Every orgasm is a divine
experience. And according to ancient Tantra universal consciousness can
only be achieved through the lingam.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Chapter 5: Lingam Rising


Midshipman 4/c Hopkins completes his plebe year at Annapolis.

He proudly sports a new Navy Achievement Medal on his dress white
uniform. Awarded by the Commandant of Midshipman, the accompanying cryptic
citation commends his exemplary performance during a special mission to
serve congressional leaders.

Excited to commence youngster cruise, he receives temporary duty orders to
USS Sims FF1059. Homeported in Mayport Florida, the Knox-class frigate is
named for Admiral William Sowden Sims, Commander US Naval Forces Europe
during World War I.

Built by Avondale Shipyard, commissioned 03 Jan 1970, displacing 4,200
tons, the 438 foot vessel makes 27 knots. Performing an anti-submarine
warfare mission, the frigate protects amphibious expeditionary forces,
carrier battle groups, and merchant convoys.

Armed with ASROC, Harpoon, Sea Sparrow, MK-46 torpedoes, and a 5-inch / 54
caliber MK 42 gun, she brings a preponderance of force to the equation.

She is manned by 18 officers and 267 men.

Coordinating with the Naval Academy summer detailer, the ship's Captain is
pleased to have Hopkins aboard. Like Hopkins, the highly decorated officer
has a small gold `M' device on his uniform signifying devotion to divine
masculinity.

Per U.S. Code and Navy Regulations, the Captain is responsible for the
safety, welfare, and spiritual needs of his men. Establishing an exemplary
shipboard culture of cooperation, respect, and acceptance, the crew is
primed for the next evolutionary step.

For the next six weeks the ship's motivated sailors will indoctrinate
Hopkins on shipboard equipment & systems, operational procedures, unwritten
fleet rules, and the rhythm of deckplate life. Pursuing requisite
qualification, many lessons not found in any USNA syllabus will be
vigorously imparted.

In turn, the midshipman will ignite a spiritual awakening and provide
direction.

Because a sailor without a destination cannot hope for favorable winds.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


1MC: `Shift Colors'.

The frigate puts to sea with high tide.

Assigned to Deck Department Hopkins experiences enlisted servitude.

Running with Boatswain's Mates (BM), he works 12-hour shifts, stands
3-section bridge watch, and participates in special evolutions: sea &
anchor detail, general quarters, and underway replenishments. Taking meals
on the mess decks, quartered in a communal berthing compartment, he endures
the brutal existence of a junior blue-jacket.

And there's no doubt about it... enlisted life on a tin-can sucks.

Figuratively and literally.

Constrained at sea, the sailors' interactions quickly take alternative
avenues. With traditional outlets unavailable, non-rates are by necessity
vigorously pursued. Exercising appreciable skills, alpha males adroitly
manipulate minions' malleable masculinity.

Insatiable appetites are addressed as carnivores efficiently cull, attack
and subjugate defenseless bottom dwellers. And while fresh seafood is
delicious fare, tantalizing midshipmen, a seasonal delicacy not often found
on the menu, always garner special attention.

Hopkins understands the harsh realities of life at sea: big fish eat little
fish.

And coercion, sexual abuse, and rape are ranks' prerogative.

Fortunately, Hopkins' extensive experience aboard USS Daniels and at the
Norfolk Fleet Recreation Center, in conjunction with skills honed at
Annapolis, have prepared him well for youngster cruise.

With a heightened sense of adventure he is eager to face the challenge. A
wondrous undertaking, there's nothing like the camaraderie, intimacy, and
spirituality of sailing the high-seas with shipmates and brothers, rascals
and rogues, and kindred souls.

It's an opportunity to advance the Navigators' agenda.

And spread the gospel of divine masculinity.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Sailors know the stories written in the night sky.

Humanity's celestial heritage.

Searching for meaning, human hopes, fears, and dreams are translated onto
the stars. Radiating in aeonian splendor, starlight travels through the
expanse as patterns are construed by man's imagination into
constellations. Imbued with import, the stalwart sentinels tell ancient
tales of heroes, gods, and creation.

Aligned with Orion's belt are the Seven Sisters of Pleiades.

The dazzling stars possess profound spiritual importance for many cultures.

In Native American origin mythology the great tribes are direct descendants
from the Pleiadians, an advanced race of extraterrestrials. Evolving
towards pure light and consciousness, the star ancestors communicate with
emissaries on Earth to help guide human ascension into higher dimensions.

Inclined from the celestial equator at 63-degrees, the Milky Way cross the
plane of the solar ecliptic through the constellations of Monoceros and
Aquila-Serpens-Ophiuchus. Whirling across the cosmos, bound in a
gravitational dance with Andromeda, the galaxy hurtles towards cataclysmic
annihilation.

A sailor smokes the day's last cigarette.

Concupiscence stirs inside the worn dungarees.

Venus slowly emerges from behind distant clouds like a beacon of the
night... the second-brightest natural object in the night sky after the
moon. Named after the Roman goddess of beauty, love, and desire, the
`evening star' never ventures far above the horizon as it transits the
firmament.

Hypnotically quiet, a blanket of silence securely wraps the ship as it
glides smoothly through the blazing blackness.  Off the port beam mounds of
amorphous luminescence drift by on the pellucid Caribbean waters. Beyond
the horizon lurk uncharted phantom islands inhabited by revenants and
demons.

Hopkins materializes from the entanglement of shadow and star light.

It's a clandestine collaboration of convenience.

Taking station, he kneels between the smoking sailor's muscular thighs. No
words are necessary. With steady hands he reverentially extracts the
engorged lingam. Experiencing a spiritual convergence, he senses the power
radiating from the earthly manifestation of perfection.

Leaning forward he kisses the blood-engorged mushroom head. His tongue
instinctively rolls around the magic glans and consumes the leaking
hallucinogenic jam. The natural entheogen induces transcendence replete
with synesthesia and altered time perception.

And he commences a spiritual journey.

Transported at superluminal speeds, immersed in a vortex of dancing stars,
he travels far beyond ordinary consciousness. Embarked upon a noetic quest,
he explores the miracle of being. Tapping into the Pleiadian Realm,
wondrous knowledge is revealed and love flows from boundless benevolence.

Pressing firmly on the midshipman's head, the authoritative sailor forces
himself inside the mouth... seeking and finding luxurious accommodations
down the experienced throat. Surrounded by the immensity of sea and sky,
feeling the presence of a higher power, he writhes in immutable pleasure.

Conjoined by destiny, the primal dance transcends the boundaries of
masculinity.

And both are connected to the mystical universe.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Sims is steaming in relatively shallow waters.

Lacking the calm deep of the abyssal plain, strong currents and severe
winds result in turbulent seas. In berthing compartments throughout the
ship non-rates lacking sea-legs flounder... inadvertently attracting the
attention of seasoned salts and seadogs.

A plethora of potential prey is on parade.

And for many innocence will not survive the night.

1MC: `Standby for the evening prayer.'

Aboard warships at sea a brief non-denominational prayer connects sailors
to a routine that has been part of the seafaring tradition throughout the
Nation's history.

1MC: `Let us pray. Heavenly Father watch over and protect your servants at
sea, our shipmates and brothers. Grant us strength and wisdom to
successfully execute the arduous missions assigned by our leaders. Provide
us with unflinching courage to defend with honor, dignity, and devotion the
rights of all who are imperiled by injustice. We humbly ask these things in
your name, amen.'

"Amen," echo the Boatswain's Mates.

Deck Department's berthing consists of 18 racks, standup lockers, a 3-foot
square lounge table, and an adjoining head. Located forward of the beam and
outboard of centerline, its inhabitants experience tumultuous linear
motions and rotational forces about the ship's transverse and longitudinal
axes.

Naked sailors abound.

A cornucopia of delights is on display.

Handsome young men with exquisite complexions and annealed musculature take
pride showing-off their genetic inheritance. The spectacular variety and
nuance of anatomical structures and appendages is indicative of America's
diverse immigrant composition.

Cavorting with confidence, nightly rituals are performed as seadogs play
grab-ass with shipmates. The candid homoerotic image, with subtle
gradations of light and shadow, is reminiscent of fine art photography. And
ample erections increase the eroticism of the composition.

Taking inventory Hopkins visually gorges himself.

A profusion of flesh vies for his attention.

Mesmerized by pervasive masculinity, his spirit soars, lofted by the
presence of magnificence. Adorned with body-art, many sailors have dramatic
and colorful nautical tattoos. Deeply symbolic, intertwined with the
mythology of the sea, it's a tradition that has identified seafarers for
millennia.

Besides the ubiquitous `USN', several men have variations of mermaids
singing to passing ships. Born from the sea, linked with tragedy, mermaids
represent the mythological forces of love, allure, and desire. Dangerous
temptresses, legends maintain that mermaids often lured sailors to their
doom with their seductive songs. The tattoo is a cautionary reminder that
the search for love is a dangerous endeavor.

Many of the senior Boatswain's Mates also have anchor tattoos.

It's worn as a badge of honor and pride.

Anchors are associated with safe voyages, stability, and protection from
adversity. There is a naval tradition that only sailors who have crossed
the ocean and returned home can receive an anchor tattoo.  A rite of
passage, the tattoo represents the transition from novice to seasoned
mariner.

Lounging in racks a few sailors nonchalantly stroke their shafts while
perusing pornographic magazines... a favorite at-sea activity. Accentuating
length and girth, lost in reverie, they are indifferent to spectators,
relishing the freedom afforded by the exclusive all-male environment.

Not always a solitary endeavor, shipmates often lend a helping hand.

BM1 Bryant surveys the compartment.

The senior alpha has a stunning muscular physique and exquisite whiskey
complexion... the amalgamation of his mother's Caribbean heritage and
father's African roots. A dangerous enslaver, his mysterious eyes are dark
liquid pools that charm, captivate, and conquer inferior males.

Massive and disproportional, his shaft commands immediate respect. Reaching
maximum tumescence - ten solid inches, it radiates furious focused
energy. And like the duality of Brahma and Shiva, it possesses the power to
simultaneously create and destroy.

1MC: `Taps, taps, lights out, the smoking lamp is out, all-hands turn into
their own racks. Now taps'.

The ballistic watertight hatch is dogged, white florescent overheads
secured, and nighttime red-globed lights energized. Secluded and isolated
below the waterline, vibrations reverberate through the shell plating and
longitudinal stringers as water rushes past the hull.

Infectious excitement floods the compartment.

The pungent perfume of male sweat and testosterone is palpable.

Experiencing an elevated pulse, Hopkins' body radiates a deeply evocative
woodsy scent. The alluring fragrance, Polo cologne by Ralph Lauren, is a
carefully constructed blend of masculine notes of leather, tobacco, and
wood with basil and oak moss undertones.

Feeding on communal energy, sailors with growing grins and erections
exchange conspiratorial nods and maneuver towards Hopkins' bottom
rack. Unable to contain their enthusiasm, they shiver from anticipation of
the evening's planned festivities.

BM1 Bryant commences the proceedings.

"Hopkins, it's time to welcome you to the Fleet."

"Front and center midshipman," commands another petty officer.

The brat willingly vacates his rack. Standing at parade rest in front of
the excited assemblage, he crisply snaps arms behind his back and spread
his feet shoulder width apart. His head is straightforward with eyes
unfocused gazing at destiny. He knows what to expect.

Prior to departing Annapolis several firsties briefed him on the ubiquitous
fleet initiation. Eagerly performed on midshipmen, the watershed ceremony
commemorates the glorious transformation from contemptible landlubber to
respectable fleet sailor.

Submission, humility, and rebirth are central themes in the ritual.

Hopkins is clad in blue and gold USNA crested tee-shirt and shorts. Oddly
out of place, he is the only dressed occupant in the berthing
compartment. The incongruence is quickly remedied.

"Strip him," orders Bryant.

After a brief entanglement of appendages all clothing is discarded.

The midshipman is a tabernacle of physical perfection. Bright blue eyes,
golden curly hair, flawless bronzed complexion, chiseled chest, striated
abdomen, narrow waist, enticing genitalia, curvaceous ass, and corded
quadriceps confirm an aristocratic bloodline.

The cynosure of all enlisted eyes, the sailors stare in awe... lost in the
adoration of masculine beauty. A gratification of the senses, visually
feasting on the perfectly proportioned body, they are captivated like the
Roman Emperor Hadrian by the Greek youth Antinous.

"Get him ready," Bryant commands, breaking the spell.

Knowing the routine, sailors escort Hopkins to the small lounge
table. Confined in close quarters, their tumescence press against the
midshipman's sensuous ass. Taking extensive liberties, inquisitive
calloused hands explore the luxurious landscape.

Aroused, the brat's proud shaft stands at attention and renders a crisp
military salute. Twitching with excitement, a small glistening pearl
emerges. Not surprisingly, like many midshipmen, he harbors a compelling
fantasy of being forcibly stripped and publicly paraded by enlisted men.

Placed atop the lounge table, he is spread out like a Southern after-church
dinner. Gathering around with floodlight-wide eyes, the famished diners
visually gorge themselves on the comestibles.

"This is so awesome," exclaims a smirking BMSN.

"Get your camera," another tells a shipmate.

A vaudevillian BM3 moves between the midshipman's spread legs. Running
trembling fingers through Hopkins' pubic hair, enjoying the erotic tactile
sensation, he is eager to shear the boy. Theatrically deploying heavy-duty
Wahl clippers, he skillfully removes the dense outcrop of androgenic hair.

The depilation ceremony continues as Hopkins is generously slathered in
Barbasol shaving cream... an emulsion of oils, surfactants, and
alcohol. Singing the famous jingle, employing a well-honed straight razor,
with lethal efficiency the entertainer eradicates all evidence of the hard
earned virility.

Reduced to prepubescence, Hopkins is symbolically emasculated.

Riant sailors cheer as several cameras flash.

The boy's comportment surprises the sailors. Most midshipmen struggle and
vociferously protest the proceedings. But not Hopkins. Enjoying himself,
he's grinning and laughing like a grade school kid on the first day of
summer vacation. Embracing the moment, his extraordinary character, class,
and candor leave a lasting impression.

Hopkins understands the importance of ritual in the Navy. Creating a
tangible connection to the past, it elevates current consciousness to
achieve attunement with organizational values. Playing his part, he is
proud to be on display for the men's enjoyment and spiritual enrichment.

"Take him to the head," orders Bryant.

And the procession vacates the berthing compartment.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Rites of passage are vital to a sailor's evolution.

The small adjoining head with a brown & white speckled terrazzo deck
contains one water closet, two urinals, two showers, and two
sinks. Maneuvering around the white porcelain fixtures, the excited pack of
sea dogs position the midshipman inside a stainless-steel shower stall.

"On your knees," directs a BM2 with authoritative timbre.

"Hands behind your back," barks another sailor.

Without hesitation Hopkins descends with equanimity. Truckling to naval
etiquette, showing respect, he signals submission to the superior ranked
males. With head bowed, peaceful and contemplative, meditating like a
disciple at Gethsemane, he silently recites The Midshipmen's Prayer:

`Almighty Father, whose way is in the sea, whose paths are in the great
waters, whose command is over all and whose love never faileth; let me be
aware of Thy presence and obedient to Thy will. Keep me true to my best
self, guarding me against dishonesty in purpose and in deed, and helping me
so to live that I can stand unashamed and unafraid before my shipmates, my
loved ones, and Thee.

`Give me the will to do my best and to accept my share of responsibilities
with a strong heart and a cheerful mind. Make me considerate of those
entrusted to my leadership and faithful to the duties my country has
entrusted in me.

`Let my uniform remind me of the traditions of the service of which I am a
part. If I am inclined to doubt, steady my faith; if I am tempted, make me
strong to resist; if I should miss the mark, give me courage to try
again. Guide me with the Light of Truth and give me strength to faithfully
serve thee. Amen.'

Grace descends upon the congregation.

And the sweet floral odor of sanctity perfumes the air.

Exercising leadership, walking in the authority he has earned, Bryant holds
up his hands and quells the shivaree... commanding silence from his excited
subordinates. Jockeying for unobstructed views, sailors grin with the
knowledge of the events about to transpire.

The beliefs of modern sailors are an amalgamation of ancient legends and
myths. A mariner's world is densely populated by a menagerie of spirits and
gods. Impinging on their lives, sentient entities with consciences and
purpose must be placated. Prudent sailors always pay homage and request
permission from the immortals before venturing out into uncharted waters.

Contrite landlubbers must also be absolved of sin and converted into
men-of-the-sea.

The BM1commences the transformative ceremony.

"Since the dawn of time sailors have been protected by Aeolus, god and
ruler of the winds, his mistress Eos, goddess of the dawn, and their
progeny the Anemori. We pray this humble offering finds favor and brings
fair winds. We beseech the Four Winds - Boreas the north wind, Notus the
south wind, Zephyrus the west wind, and Eurus the east wind to grant safe
passage and good fortune on this voyage."

Bryant incants ancient verses, communicates with the gods, and intercedes
on Hopkins' behalf. Obtaining a favorable disposition, absolved of
transgressions and re-born a deep-water sailor, he is now a member of the
mystery cult of Aeolus - the obedient servant of wind and wave.

"Welcome to the fleet midshipman Hopkins."

Completing the metamorphoses Bryant unleashes a powerful golden stream -
symbolically baptizing Hopkins. The warm torrent christens the initiate's
forehead and runs down the radiant face. Entering his mouth, transformed,
the wine's unique gout de terroir resonates on his palate.

Applause erupts from the appreciative audience. Stepping up to the stall,
additional sailors contribute to the holy consecration. Aiming with
purpose, they take turns at the ritual anointment, releasing a
deluge... drenching the boy's rapturous face.

The procession continues unabated for several minutes.

Once complete, Hopkins is ritualistically washed.

Standing under a steaming showerhead, soapy enlisted hands explore ever
every inch of his body. Paying particular attention to the inviting ass,
several excited sailors naturally compete to breach the elastic
aperture. Prudently, they properly prepare the pliant passageway.

Shampooed and washed, transformed and reborn, Hopkins is escorted by
jubilant sailors back to the berthing compartment. With the ceremonial
formalities completed the initiation transitions to the next glorious
phase.

Commencement of nautical mile certification.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Whisperings of the certification process abound at Annapolis.

When questioned, most of the enormously embarrassed upperclassmen refuse to
provide salient details of their experiences. Fortunately for Hopkins, as a
Navigator on a sacred mission, he's well informed.

Used in navigation, a nautical mile is a unit of length equivalent to one
minute of arc of latitude measured along any meridian, or about one minute
of arc of longitude at the equator. By international agreement, it is
exactly 1,852 meters, approximately 72,913.4 inches.

"Let's get your certification started," asserts BM1 Bryant.

"Oh hell yeah! Finally," exclaims an excited shipmate.

A thin foam mattress is placed on the deck.

Encircled by sailors, Hopkins descends to his knees. Secure in faith, he
dutifully embraces the opportunity to demonstrate unwavering
commitment. Longing for communion, advancing the sacred proselytical
mission through personal example, he will become the vessel of holy
enlisted seed.

Responsible for qualifying Hopkins, the sailors tremble with excitement
envisioning moving him inches closer to nautical mile certification. A
running record of every feeding and shafting is maintained in a logbook
with the providers' name, number of strokes, total distance covered, date,
and signature.

Constrained to six weeks at sea, all-hands will be required to achieve
certification.

Bryant confidently strides forward.

As the division's senior petty officer and deckplate leader, the first
feeding is his inherent right. Taking charge and enormous pleasure, he
smacks his massive appendage across Hopkins' face and positions the swollen
bulbous glans on the boy's lips.

A veteran at feeding midshipmen, he expects significant force and
persistence will be required to secure quarters inside the diminutive
mouth. Neither is in short supply. Feared and respected by his men, many
have been on the receiving end of a brutal, impossible feeding.

"Show it respect. Suck it."

Hopkins has seen thousands of cocks. At Annapolis approximately 4,200
college boys participate in mandatory sports... and locker rooms overflow
with masculinity. Additionally, he has surveyed several hundred sailors
aboard USS Daniels and at the Norfolk Naval Base Fleet Recreation Center.

But few rival Bryant's behemoth.

The attraction is undeniable.

Taking a deep breath, Hopkins inhales the powerful pheromones. The
volatilized chemical compounds, modulators of socio-sexual behavior,
enhance cognitive function and enflame his qi. Aroused, energy flows and
circulates through internal pathways towards the seven chakra.

A portrait of devotion, he extends his tongue, caresses the spongy head,
and savors the amazing juices. Ingesting the addictive drug, embarking upon
on a sacred vision quest, he enters an altered state of consciousness and
bathes in the Pure Light of at the center of creation.

Displaying equal parts determination and skill, he opens wide like an
ophidian with cranial kinesis and hinged jaws. Meeting the challenge head
on, transcending physical limitations, he engulfs the lingam's swollen
crown until it finds sanctuary inside the welcoming mouth.

"Hell yeah... it's in!" a sailor announces.

"Way to go Hopkins!" shouts an awestruck sailor.

Impressed, the sailors offer enthusiastic congratulations. Occupying all
available real estate, the expansive shaft is wedged tightly between
Hopkins' tongue and upper palate. Compressing the tonsils and uvula, it's
housed exactly where the universe commands.

Savoring the sensation, rocking his hips slowly but insistently, Bryant
works another few inches inside the midshipman's mouth. Navigating in the
restricted channel, advancing with difficulty, the flared glans approaches
the throat's precipice.

At this point Bryant typically runs aground. Wedged like a cork in a wine
bottle, the enormous cockhead hermetically seals constricted passageways,
preventing forward progress. Lacking ability and conviction, suffocating
subordinates always beg for mercy with pleading tearful eyes.

But not Hopkins.

He defies conventional expectations.

Expanding his mind and throat, calming the turbulence like the messiah upon
the Sea of Galilee, he confidently steps beyond corporeal limitations into
the still point of the turning universe. Lunging forward, impaling himself,
he audaciously swallows the whole cock. Balls deep.

The astonished sailors gasp in shock.

"God damn... he took the whole fucking thing!" a sailor shouts.

"Fuck... that's impossible," exclaims another.

Bryant is stunned.

For years the bisexual Southern Baptist petitioned with prayer to know the
glory of deep physical unification. But he never expected
intercession. With prayers answered, he experiences a paradigm shift and
spiritual purification. And the pervasive presence of a superior power is
palpable.

Flooded with endorphins, expanding mindfulness, attaining a state of
heightened awareness, his faith in divine masculinity is ignited. Submersed
in soothing flowing energy, contemplating the congruence of circumstances,
he is captivated by the beauty, magic, and synchronicity of existence.

Everything in the universe is pulsating, vibrating, dancing.

Imbued with grace, Hopkins' bright eyes radiate pure light and
benevolence. Increasing suction, with balls two-blocked against his chin,
his throat lovingly massages the tumescent lingam. In direct communication
with the universal consciousness, he intones thoughts of harmony and peace.

Thrusting in-and-out, Bryant is driven by impulses inherent in the rhythms
of the universe. The alluring and flawless dance, like gravitationally
bound galaxies waltzing across the cosmos, inspires profound wonder and
gratitude for the mystery and miracle of existence.

The universe loves a graceful dance partner.

"Getting close...," Bryant advises.

A prodigious spewer, he shivers, stiffens, and delivers his celestial
gift. Filling Hopkins with baryonic matter created eons ago by exploding
progenitor supernova, the eternal sustenance is ultimately provided by a
generous and nurturing universe.

Feasting, Hopkins devours the quintessence of life.

Proclaiming the wonder, Bryant invites shipmates to experience salvation.

Word spreads quickly throughout Sims. Receptive sailors searching for
meaning and spiritual redemption hear the clarion call. Taking a leap of
faith, revitalizing body, mind, and spirit through communion with the
midshipman, they experience unparalleled clarity and universal deliverance.

Devouring the wondrous cosmic smorgasbord, Hopkins savors every last
morsel... converting and saving the sailors. Embarked upon an epicurean
odyssey, with an insatiable appetite, willing palate, and undeniable skill,
he embodies the Navigators' highest ideals.

Reconciled among the stars, achieving transcendence beyond reality, the
beauty and grandeur of the masculine experience is metamorphic. Imbedded
and spiritually connected to the conscious matrix, gaining wisdom and
understanding, the enlightened sailors join the noble cause.

Worshiping divine masculinity, they take the next evolutionary step. It is
man's innate nature to be an expression of godliness. Their faith will
ripple down generations, transforming humanity.

And Hopkins' spirit guide ascends into the night sky...

... rejoining his Pleiadian ancestors.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Comments and readers' experiences with sailors, afloat or ashore, are
always of interest. The author may be reached at JRozoNavyDoD@gmx.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 6 Aug 2018 19:54:18 +0200
From: James Rozo
Subject: A Brat's Peregrination-4

A Brat's Peregrination - 4

By Ensign James Rozo, USN

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Notes: The ancient Greeks had two words for time: chronos and
kairos. The former refers to chronological or sequential time, while the
latter signifies an opportune time for decisive action. While chronos is
quantitative, kairos is qualitative. Kairos time represents discontinuity,
when an unexpected barrier forces deviation from a planned course and
adjustment to new realities.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Chapter 4: Kairos Ascension


Midshipman 4/c Hopkins is the Navigators' newest adherent.

Descendant from an extraordinary bloodline, he is a prized addition to the
noble cause. Hidden in plain sight, he wears a small gold `M' device on his
pistol marksmanship ribbon. The true significance of the special
designation is only understood by disciples of divine masculinity.

Word spreads covertly around Bancroft Hall.

The confraternity imparts blessings upon the plebe. Enthusiastically
attending to the needs of the academy's commissioned officers and the
brigade of midshipmen, he consumes a stunning assortment of rich velvety
custards.

Possessing unique attributes, Hopkins is selected for a special mission.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


YP-665 departs Santee Basin.

The 80-foot yard patrol craft built by Stephens Bros, Inc. is utilized for
midshipmen navigational training. Displacing 55 tons, equipped with two
12V-71 marine diesel engines, the craft can cruise for 1,800 nautical miles
at 12 knots for five days without refueling.

Seductive breezes whisper of possibilities.

High above, wispy cirrus clouds - sailors of the sky, drift by.

Charting a north-west course the craft navigates five miles up the Severn
River. Aboard are twelve exceptional midshipmen - a mix of upper classmen
and Hopkins, aged 18 to 21. Personally selected by the Commandant of
Midshipmen, the young men possess highly-honed skills and the proper
disposition.

All are Navigators.

"You nervous?" asks Calabrese, the 1/c midshipman operational leader.

"A little. It's my first off-campus mission," explains Hopkins.

"Don't worry, everything will proceed smoothly," throwing a reassuring arm
about Hopkins' shoulders, "they are powerful and eccentric... but mostly
harmless."

"They'll all fancy you Hopkins. You're so getting fucked," laughs Spicer.

The 2/c midshipman from Montana is strikingly handsome with auburn hair and
gunmetal blue eyes. Lean and powerful, the 155lb state champion wrestler
has a stunning physique - a profusion of granite muscles sheathed within
unblemished alabaster skin.

"Screw you, asshole!"

Hopkins knows he will be taking more than his fair share. While he worships
divine masculinity and craves oral communion with his creator, he's not as
enamored with being fucked. Not that he's had much choice in the matter. A
rite of passage, all plebes take a turn over the barrel.

"Relax, everyone has a role to play... and fate will have its say," advises
Calabrese.

Due to proximity to Washington DC, the Naval Academy has forged close ties
to many important men - including the beltway's homosexual
elite. Progressive and likeminded, the Commandant is a member in
good-standing with access to leadership's inner sanctum.

The secret society's annual weekend retreat is scheduled at a secluded
location. Accessed by private invitation, the powerbrokers will revise
strategic plans, propose new policies, and evaluate current initiatives to
advance the acceptance of homosexuality in society and the military.

Activities are also planned to celebrate their inverted culture.

The debauchery of the Friday night kickoff reception is legendary. It's an
opportunity for gentlemen to freely indulge sublimated desires without fear
of repercussions. And this year the Commandant is generously supplying
midshipmen as entertainment and facilitators of fantasy.

For Annapolis, besides accomplishing covert objectives and currying
political favor, it's an excellent opportunity to assess young Navigators
under adverse real-world conditions.

A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor.

So the limits of endurance, lubrication, friction, and wear will be tested.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Daylight fades to dusk as the YP approaches St. Helena Island.

Situated in Little Round Bay, the private 16-acre wooded island has a long
sordid history. Owned by several wealthy families over the centuries,
morphing through time, the enclave is the intellectual and libertine
playground for progressives, revolutionaries, and homophiles.

Subversive politics seasoned with scandalous debauchery is soup du
jour. Demanding greater individual liberties, breaking free of rigid social
constraints, extreme deviation is the new norm. While righteous men patrol
the power corridors of government during the week, they freely indulged
perverse sexual predilections on weekends at St Helena.

Excitement grows with the expectation of hedonistic madness.

Erections are clearly outlined in the midshipmen's dinner dress
uniforms. With white jacket, black trousers, gold shirt studs, black
bowtie, gold cummerbund, and miniature medals, the iconic uniform is worn
to formal functions in the summer when civilians normally wear black tie.

"The world is crazy... perverts everywhere," said Spicer.

"Look in the mirror," retorts Hopkins.

"Eat me," laughs Spicer, grabbing his tumid gear.

Hopkins has sampled the cuisine many times. With logistical assistance from
upperclassmen, they have enjoyed clandestine rendezvous in Bancroft Hall's
basement labyrinth. Immersed in delightful diversions from strict military
routine, the fellator practiced and perfected his art.

The midshipmen on the YP understand the importance of the
mission. Deploying irresistible assets they will forge new and solidify
existing alliances with congressional members. Charming appropriations
committee members, they also hope to secure resources for new initiatives.

The secluded island sanctuary sports specular sweeping vistas

Occupying the crest is the elegant centerpiece.

Built on a Palladian style five-part plan with colonnaded porticoes, the
6,567 sqft Federal Period brick mansion has six fireplaces, exquisite
mahogany woodwork, imported marble floors, and spacious salons with
coffered ceilings. Isolated from law-enforcement intrusion, several safes
built into the masonry harken back to when the prohibition-era speakeasy
and illegal casino catered to prominent citizens.

The ebb and flow of time obscures the past.

And for a brief moment St. Helena had a prominent seat at history's table.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


In 1953 a presidential executive order bans homosexuals from federal
employment and military service. An incredibly paranoid time,
anti-communists fueled by McCarthyism insanity see subversives and traitors
everywhere. Broadly demonized, inverts are ruthlessly hunted and
prosecuted.

Fighting back, the homophile movement has its roots in the American
Communist Party. With its utopian vision of an enlightened revolution it
battles for acceptance and equality.

Providing secure logistics, St. Helena serves as the secret headquarters
and meeting place for The Mattachine Society of Washington. The militant
homosexual group is named after a French secret society of masked men who,
through their anonymity, criticize ruling monarchs with impunity.

Many radical plans are hatched on the island.

And vitriolic diatribes penned for dissemination to influential
publications.

Embroiled in political and social upheaval, the government is at war with
its citizens for the next two decades. As the nation struggles through
counterculture, social, and sexual revolutions, the Vietnam War, civil
disobedience, and demonstrations, law enforcement agencies increase
surveillance of deviants.

Raids, arrests, and interrogations ensue.

Incarceration with psychoanalysis, aversion therapy, and castration is
routine as psychiatry appropriates homosexuality from religion and
transforms it from sin to mental disorder. And it's believed all deviate
sexual behavior is treatable if not fully curable.

As the Red Scare progresses the association with communism concerns many
Mattachine members. After the founders resign in protest, the guiding
principles are replaced with a more moderate ideology similar to that
espoused by liberal reformist civil rights organizations.

The madness slowly attenuates. Although improved by 1976, it is still
deleterious to be identified as a homosexual... and grounds for immediate
expulsion from military service.

And the struggle for acceptance, assimilation, and equality continues.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


The YP docks and secures her engines.

Four yachts are already tied to the pier.

Disembarking, the midshipmen ascend an ivy covered knoll. Following a
meandering flagstone footpath through a dense forest of white oak and
hickory, they pass meticulously manicured gardens with colorful perennials,
ornamental shrubbery, and red azaleas.

Marble fountains and Greek statuary populate the estate. Dionysus is the
focal point of the west garden. The naked androgynous youth is the god of
the grape harvest, winemaking, unrestrained consumption, ritual madness,
fertility, and religious ecstasy.

The midshipmen enter the mansion... promenading in military splendor.

Two-dozen silhouettes are clustered in the smoky grand salon.

They are enjoying Partagas Presidente cigars - a premium Cuban offering of
uncompromising quality. The robust blend of sweet natural tobacco, with
subtle hints of dark chocolate and coffee, gradually increases in intensity
and ends with a delicious cream flavor. Masculine and sensual, the redolent
aromatics conjure visions of 19th century Havana.

A reproduction of Caravaggio's Amor Victorious is prominently displayed in
chiaroscuro lighting. The homoerotic painting shows Cupid, a mischievous
nude winged boy of twelve, armed with bow and a quiver of arrows. The god
of desire, affection, and erotic love is shown prevailing over all human
endeavors: music, science, war, and government.

Radical European socialist thoughts about sexual relationships are being
discussed. Of particular interest is the emergence of new homosexual
subcultures, youth's eccentricities and exaggerated mannerisms, and the
bohemian flare for the bizarre and outrageous.

Conversations cease as the young stallions are greeted with a resounding
cheer.

Changing the room's dynamics, elevating expectations, the sudden rush of
excitement is intoxicating. Feasting with hungry eyes, the men envision a
spectacular evening of unbridled pleasure.

The magnificence and alluring charm of the midshipmen are their tight
fitting uniforms. Caressing genitalia, providing no place to stow gear, the
elegant uniforms accentuate masculinity. With amazing couture, it's no
coincidence the Navy is the service of choice for discerning young men.

"Boys! Welcome to St. Helena," greats the host.

The senior senator from Maryland, a sexual dilettante by inclination, is
open to exploration and new adventures. Exceptionally handsome as a young
man, he is now on the downward slope of attractiveness. Such is the
transient nature of youth and enchainment of time.

"Thank you sir," responds Calabrese. "The Commandant sends his personal
regards and best wishes for a successful meeting."

"Please convey our appreciation to the Admiral for providing excellent
companionship."

"Of course, sir."

"I do hope we can arrange more frequent collaborations."

"It's a privilege to serve our leaders, sir."

Anonymity is in-order for the soiree - a masquerade of sorts without paper
masks. Honoring the organization's Mattachine Society roots, the gentlemen
have adopted French resistance fighter nom de plumes - Claude, Francois,
Edouard, Louis, Matisse, Gaspard, and more.

Concealment and lies are second nature in Washington. Perpetuated to
insulate from scandal, extortion, and blackmail, it affords protection from
powerful special interest groups, criminal organizations, and overly
ambitious law enforcement. Unspeakable inclinations must be hidden from
prying eyes. Because knowing perversions' true name gives power and
dominion to their enemies.

Introduced as Marie, the recently retired FBI Director's flamboyant
mannerisms, muliebrity, and couture validates whispered innuendoes and
rumors. Maintaining confidential files on adversaries' indiscretions, he
possesses embarrassing information that, if leaked, would destroy careers
and reputations.

Feared by Congress and Presidents, the FBI grows into the world's
preeminent law enforcement agency with seemingly unlimited reach and
resources.

Well trained, the discreet midshipmen recognize the important wielders of
authority, influence, and fate. But they pretend
otherwise. Co-conspirators, they also operate in the shadows, slowly
advancing their own agenda, strengthening and expanding their sphere of
influence.

There is great power in the knowing and keeping of secrets.

Crystal decanters materialize.

Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve 20 Year 90 proof bourbon is the beverage
of choice for the special occasion. Considered by many to be the world's
finest, distilled and bottled in Kentucky, the dark amber bourbon is
extremely difficult to procure due to very low production and high demand.

The midshipmen are plied with generously filled snifters. The tulip shaped
glassware, with a tapered opening inspired by nosing glasses, is the
perfect vehicle to experience the bourbon's concentrated aromas as the
Master Distiller intended.

Served neat, it would be criminal to vitiate the exquisite flavor profile
with distractions.

Star athletes in high school, attending countless celebratory parties, the
midshipmen are experienced consumers of potent beverages. Possessing high
tolerances, the bourbon has little effect. Engaging in salacious
conversations, they efficiently work the room and maneuver towards their
assignments.

At a minimum each will accommodate two gentlemen.

Most will entertain more.

The men represent a benign subspecies of an increasingly wild zoo of
inverts. Their preferences have been meticulously documented by covert
field operatives. And the Commandant ensures there is a suitable midshipman
to satisfy every taste and inclination: top, bottom, dominant, submissive.

Although yearning for different adventures, all crave young flesh. The
seductive quest for forbidden fruit is impossible to resist. Harboring a
fascination with boyishness, the men romanticize and idolize youth. Focused
on physical attractiveness... the wrapping is valued over its content.

While not as young a pre-teen Sea Scouts or students at NAPS (Naval Academy
Preparatory School), the midshipmen are just boys compared to the
middle-aged and elderly gentlemen.

And a thing of beauty is a boy forever.

The midshipmen entertain the men with sea stories of initiations and sexual
exploits aboard ships. Reaching into the archives of depravity and delight,
they perform dirty ditties, raunchy limericks, and bawdy ballads that have
imperiled innocence and offended sensibilities from time immemorial.

`Billy Roy cabin boy, nautical little nipper.  Lined his ass with broken
glass, and circumcised the skipper.'

Adventuresome hands brush against tempting asses and tumid gear as the
gentlemen explore youthful landscapes. Attractive and available, the
midshipmen are a significant upgrade from their usual diet of mediocrity:
boy prostitutes, hustlers, and street urchins populating Washington's seedy
underbelly.

Like the other military academies, Annapolis discreetly supplies
exceptional young men to select clientele with impeccable
credentials. Buried deep within arcane US Federal Code is a cloaked
condition of continued congressional compensation for charmers, coquets,
and catamites.

Exceeding expectations, the Navy is the preferred provider for the White
House and Capitol Hill. Several naval bases strategically located across
the country and overseas also provide enlisted sailors to support State,
Justice, and other federal department requirements.

A tangled web of manipulation is being woven.

And the pursuers are pursued in pursuit of pleasure.

Midshipman 1/c Calabrese and a gentleman from Virginia makes eye contact
across the salon. They know each other. With a subtle gesture an impromptu
intersection is arranged. Words are quietly exchanged as admiring glances
are directed towards Hopkins. And an understanding is reached.

Trained in the subtle art of seduction, playing well-defined roles, the
midshipmen identify their targets and lure them in like the Sirens of
Odysseus. Insinuating desire in the unwitting men, they stir the
imagination with the promise of the otherwise unattainable.

The demonic power of words and alcohol inflame repressed
fantasies. Attacking known vulnerabilities, the boys skillfully create the
illusion of fulfillment. But like psammead, magical creatures that grant
wishes for the duration of one day, the midshipmen's erotic spells will
disappear with the next sunrise.

"This is amazing," cries a gentleman with a racing heart.

"So how do we proceed?" asks a new congressman.

Government is a complex hierarchical organization with clearly defined
levels of seniority. Within Congress, seniority is primarily determined by
length of service, leadership positions, and membership on powerful
committees: Appropriations, Armed Services, Finance, Rules, and Ways and
Means.

Although it does not reflect the line of succession or the co-equal status
of the branches under the constitution, the `order of precedence list',
maintained by the State Department's Protocol Office, is adhered to for
diplomatic, ceremonial, and social events.

Spirited conversations and verbal sparring ensues.

Each man desires a son of Tros, King of Dardania.

Breaking with formal protocol, disregarding rules and regulations like
desperate gold-rush prospectors staking land claims, frantic voices try to
declare rights and jurisdiction over particular ganymedes to satisfy
aberrant inclinations.

Many of the men are interested in erotic role play: father & son, coach &
athlete, scoutmaster & boy scout, priest & altar boy, doctor & patient,
police & juvenile offender, rapist & victim... and endless
variations. Extensive paraphernalia and accoutrements are available to
enhance the fantasy.

Selections were anticipated weeks ago by the Commandant. And with very few
exceptions the parings prove correct. At least for the first round. After
that anything goes. Resting and recuperating between rounds, most men will
naturally wish to experience as many midshipmen as possible.

While the majority will actively engage the boys in all incarnations of
sexual pleasure, a handful are inclined to watch from the shadows.

Taking the initiative, caressing the elegant dress uniforms, buttons are
undone, belts unfastened, and zippers lowered. Seductively stripping the
accommodating midshipmen, shirts, trousers, and undergarments are
ceremoniously removed as young flesh is revealed.

And the salon is strewn with the detritus of discarded clothing.

The young stallions delight in displaying their proud masculinity. Their
bodies invoke images of classical mythological heroes and gods portrayed as
young nude males standing in contrapposto. Provocatively rubbing tumid
shafts, they reach maximum tumescence.

The appreciative men examine the offerings from every angle. Savoring the
erotic perfection of youth - the exquisite skin, exceptional abdominal
definition, substantial genitals, and alluring asses, they feel the
delightful sting of concupiscence... the source of all humanity.

Men with boys in tow disperse throughout the mansion and gardens.

Some desire privacy; others remain in the salon relishing an audience.

With few exceptions the gentlemen crave midshipmen jam... the quintessence
of youth and virility. With a limited supply available, the naval delicacy
is a prize worth fighting over. And having once partaken of the exceptional
cuisine, there's no return to pedestrian fare.

Down on knees, the men instinctively lean forward and pay homage. The
intense taste of masculinity resonates on their tongues. Impatient feeders,
like starving third-world children they lunge forward and devour the
delicacy balls deep, and vigorously suck until rewarded with the potent
elixir.

Midshipman 2/c Spicer proves prescient.

Hopkins is the center of attention.

Hungry feral eyes consume the gorgeous plebe. Yearning to explore their
dark side, the impassioned men want novelty, a taste of the
forbidden. Appearing innocent and pure, Hopkins is the perfect screen on
which to project their degenerate fantasy. A forced gangbang.

Collaborating on the adventure, moving deliberately like a pack of wolfs,
five skilled predators quickly surround the midshipman. Excited by what
society deems abhorrent and unacceptable, they want to abuse the
defenseless boy. Repeatedly.

Bearing minatory grins and painful erections, they aggressively grab the
boy and shepherd him towards the formal dining room. Understanding the
precarious situation, sacrificing personal preferences, performing his
sworn duty, the midshipman embraces his destiny.

"Stop! Release him. Now!" commands a voice with authoritative timber.

A wild card is dealt... and fate intervenes.

The heroic knight, a charismatic gentleman from Virginia, has been watching
Hopkins all evening. With a profound sense of entitlement, wielding
unquestionable political power, the House Majority Leader is accustomed to
getting what he wants.

And he wants Hopkins... who looks strikingly like his own teenage son.

It's a moment of uncertainty and danger. The tension is tangible. With
potentially deleterious repercussions, it's never wise to get between a
frenzied pack and its intended prey.

"B... but Leader we... we all want to fuck...," a congressman starts to
protest.

"Shut up. He's mine. Gang rape another," he demands.

Several pack members briefly consider fighting for their preferred
meal. Instinctively cautious, the experienced political animals exercise
restraint and weigh the potential consequences.

Cowering in fear of retribution from the party patriarch, the pack ceases
their advancement and reluctantly relinquish Hopkins. Surveying the salon,
they focus on a strikingly handsome midshipman with auburn hair, alabaster
skin, and a profusion of muscles: 2/c Spicer.

Radiating natural masculine power, gesturing with an arrogance born from a
lifetime of commanding underlings, the Majority Leader draws Hopkins to him
like metal shavings to a magnet. With a strong moral compass and facade of
respectability, few realize he harbors intense incestuous fantasies.

"Come with me son," the man commands.

"Yes father," replies the grateful Hopkins.

And they head off to the mansion's master bedroom.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


Playing his role, Spicer struggles to escape.

But not too hard.

Making the perpetrators work for their prize, the midshipman increases
their ultimate pleasure. The illusion of nonconsensual sex is not
irrational, impulsive, uncontrollable lust, but rather a deliberate hostile
act of rebellion over the personification of time.

Wounded with mortality, slipping past the peak of desirability, lurching
towards infinite darkness, the men seek a reprieve from the destructive,
all-devouring force.

Like Zeus and his siblings, who wrest control of the universe and time from
Cronus, the men subjugate Spicer... a proxy for youthful time and sexual
attractiveness. Consuming his potent masculinity, they are psychologically
revitalized and regain control of their existence.

The scrum comes to its inevitable conclusion.

Outnumbered and overpowered, the midshipman is restrained and
stripped. Gloriously naked, his smooth hairless body, firm pectorals with
erect pink nipples, corded washboard abdominals, narrow waist, and swole
ass excite the predators. A living work or art.

Spicer is ceremoniously escorted into the formal dining room.

The grand space with oak beams and shimmering cream wallpaper is dominated
by a solid mahogany table with turned legs and artful
embellishments. Exquisitely crafted, the 8-foot long by 40-inches wide
Colonial table has a rich deep-brown stain with a semi-gloss finish.

Standing at the head of the table, Spicer is bent over the apron with
stomach and forearms against the hardwood top. Spreading his legs and
rotating his hips, the men ensure proper alignment for further exploration
from behind.

At the far end of the room are French doors to the West garden. Open to
access the scented summer breeze, Dionysus watches and commands the humans
in the pursuit of ritualistic ecstasy.

Entrenched in their clutches, the experienced boy appears defenseless and
vulnerable. Appreciating the masculine form, their eyes are automatically
drawn to his oversized gear. Bent backwards and bobbing, the massive cock
hangs tantalizingly between muscular legs.

"Wow it's huge," exclaims an impressed senator.

Unable to resist, his hand slides up-and-down the meaty 8-inch shaft.

Fully erect, a prominent blue vein runs the entire length down to the
impressive ball bag. Heavily laden with key-lime sized fruit, the stretched
floppy sack sways like a drunken sailor in rough seas.

Feasting on the muscular ass, massaging the firm creamy white cheeks,
admiring the innate perfection, the men anticipate the exquisite pleasure
of fucking the delectable boy. Providing no quarter, they spread Spicer
open, revealing the defenseless flower.

Exchanging wolfish grins, they maneuver for unobstructed views. The
recipient of a robust education, the boy has enjoyed significant attention
from his superiors. Slightly parted with raised rim, a stunning palette of
crimson, carmine, and burnt sienna encircle the exquisite rosebud.

"Damn, look at that sweet fucking hole," raping Spicer with licentious
eyes.

"Oh my god... it's even more beautiful than I imagined!"

Why are men so attracted to this seemingly simple flower? The answer may
transcend its innate beauty and instead reside in the natural fascination
with the forbidden.

Although exposed and utter vulnerable, Spicer isn't embarrassed. In fact,
he's proud that his body can arouse strong emotions and desire in the
distinguished and important men. As government property, he understands and
accepts that his body belongs to the Navy and Nation.

Naturally submissive, he has found his calling.

Amor fati: love your fate.

Standing behind Spicer, a Massachusetts congressman admires the inviting
ass. Disdaining laborious preparations, employing a minuscule amount of
lubrication, running fingers around the quivering ring, the House Majority
Whip initiates the ultimate act of domination.

The product of upper-class privilege, obtaining a master's degree in public
policy from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and a
J.D. from Yale Law School, the skilled elocutionist enters politics. An
expert manipulator of circumstance, sacrificing integrity for ambition, he
quickly ascends to a leadership position in the Democratic Party.

"How do you want to do this?  Who fucks him first?" asks a junior
congressman.

The bureaucratic contortionists vigorously discuss options.

Distracted, they don't notice the Whip's intent. Ignoring the rules of the
game, with a sense of entitlement he takes what he wants. Physically
aggressive, stepping forward, holding the midshipman's hips, he positions
himself against the pulsing pliant flower.

Staking claim to Spicer's masculinity, sealing his ownership, with reckless
disregard for anything other than his own pleasure, he forces his rapacious
cock through the overwhelmed orifice. Barely able to contain his
excitement, bucking forward, he violently impales the boy with one savage
thrust.

"Uggh!" Spicer grunts in pain.

The deliberating men take notice and turn towards the midshipman.

"What the hell? The order wasn't yet decided," complains a choir of voices.

"You can debate all night... I'm fucking him now," declares the Whip with
fervency.

Although annoyed he commandeered their prey, the men grudgingly respect the
Whip's direct approach to cutting red tape. Washington needs more men of
action. Mesmerized, they watch the thick shaft aggressively pump in-and-out
of the succulent ass.

Moving with perfect precision, intentionally changing attack angles and
thrusting side to side, the Whip searches for maximum pleasure, stretching
the chute's protesting walls.

"Fuck him harder!" the audience demands.

And Dionysus dances in euphoric madness.

Whimpering and moaning, caught between pain and pleasure, committed to the
inevitability, Spicer takes the violent shafting with pride. Paying his
dues, earning respect and enhanced privileges, he envisions winning a key
leadership position next semester as a brigade striper.

Cloaked in protective shadows, surrendering to primitive compulsions,
several men watch intently in silence. Mesmerized by the erotic
performance, vigorously masturbating, the voyeurs' dark desires are masked
behind impenetrable eyes and inscrutable smiles.

Intoxicated with wonder, pounding persistently with pride, the Whip's
pendulous balls violently slap the passive midshipman with the rhythm of a
metronome. Pummeling the whimpering boy with reckless abandon, savoring the
pleasure, he ensures Spicer feels every glorious inch.

Relishing the fabulous feeling of the squeezing chute, intense and
relentless, the Whip is approaching climax. Ascending the euphoric
pinnacle, he stiffens and explodes. Impregnating Spicer, he discharges
potent seed inside the battered womb.

Breathing deeply... exhausted, he extracts himself. Spicer's flower is
stretched wide open. Admiring his handiwork, running a finger around the
gapped and distorted ring, the Whip grins with satisfaction.

Another man quickly takes his place and plugs inside.

And then soon after another.

The aperture's tightness is ruined during the night's festivities. No
longer serviceable, several adventuresome men experiment with double
penetration. Unexplainable, there is something compelling about opening up
an ass... transcending perceived limitations and boundaries.

And Spicer takes an epic shafting.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -


The next morning the midshipmen gather their belongings, exchange
farewells, and gingerly embark aboard the YP. Battered and bruised, the
heroic boys accommodated all the men's fantasies and fetishes. Securing
powerful alliances and financial resources, the Commandant will be pleased.

The YP departs the dock and heads south.

"How's your ass feel? Hopkins asks mischievously.

"Fuck you," replies Spicer.

Performing his duty, he accommodated an unprecedented number of gentlemen.

"You got lucky Hopkins," notes Calabrese with a conspiratorial wink.

The experienced 1/c midshipman, the scion of a wealthy Virginia
businessman, is a family friend of the powerful Majority Leader. Desiring
business consideration and exemptions, the boy's father contributes
generously to the man's congressional campaign and political action
committee.

Enjoying family vacations together, Calabrese is friends with the man's
son, a cute boy three years younger than himself. Encouraged to skinny dip
in the exclusive mountain resort's lake, the frolicking naked boys are
closely scrutinized by the grinning man.

Especially his young teen son.

The man's inflating gear betrays his perversion.

Highly astute, Calabrese immediately recognizes the truth. Confronted and
having no choice, the terrified man agrees to a secret rendezvous in the
woods. Reaching an amicable understanding, the man greedily sucks
Calabrese... in return for silence about his taboo fantasies.

Calabrese's field report is forwarded up the Navigators' chain-of-command.

And it's noted the man's son closely resembles Hopkins.

Recognizing an opportunity, the Commandant considers sending Hopkins on the
St. Helena mission. A dangerous undertaking, it's not guaranteed the
Leader's incestuous fantasy will override internal restraints. And without
protection, Hopkins will be subjected to a brutal experience.

In the end, it's a risk he decides to take.

Calabrese is selected as mission leader to watch over Hopkins. Speaking
briefly with the Leader in the salon, he reawakens the man's incestuous
desires... commenting on Hopkins remarkable resemblance and
availability. The Leader is intrigued with the possibility.

Taking action at the last possible moment, the man rescues Hopkins.

Altering Spicer's fate in the process.

Afterward, the gentlemen discuss, debate, and extoll the various merits and
skills of each midshipman. Gaining prestige and the unequivocal support of
the House Majority Leader and Whip, the Academy solidifies its reputation
as the Nation's premier provider of young men and granter of dark desires.

Exhausted and well fucked, the midshipmen head back to Annapolis.

It's another fine Navy day... another chance to excel and serve the Nation.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Comments and readers' experiences with sailors, afloat or ashore, are
always of interest. The author may be reached at JRozoNavyDoD@gmx.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Wed, 7 Mar 2018 00:21:01 +0100
From: James Rozo
Subject: A Brat's Peregrination-3

A Brat's Peregrination - 3

By Ensign James Rozo, USN

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Note: Immense gratitude is extended to Frank Cooper. His sagacious
advise, technical suggestions, and editorial recommendations have greatly
improved this story. Thank you Frank.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Chapter 3: Confirmation


Time, tide, and formation wait for no man.

Four weeks into Plebe Summer 53 have already fallen-out.

An intense 7-week indoctrination into military life, the Naval Academy
program severely stresses plebes and teaches perseverance in the midst of
adversity. Breaking down individuality, establishing the supremacy of the
team, it plays an essential role validating membership worthiness. And the
more brutal the experience the stronger the bond between the plebes.

"Sir, reporting as ordered sir," announces Hopkins.

"Very well plebe. Follow me," commands the 1/c midshipman.

Taking a circuitous route to avoid watchstations they descend into the
bowels of Bancroft Hall. Comprised of eight wings, five upper decks,
several subterranean levels, and 4.8 miles of passageways, Mother B is the
world's largest dormitory.

Expecting the worst, Hopkins braces for potential hazing. Although the Navy
doesn't condone the practice there is a long standing tradition of abuse at
Annapolis. While unable to physically beat plebes anymore, hazing still
continues in more stealthy forms.

Hopkins, however, is well liked by the upperclassmen. And his father's flag
level rank garners their respect. No, this is something different. And
that's never good.

Unbeknownst to the plebe a current 2/c midshipman is a prior - a fleet
bluejacket stationed aboard USS Daniels a few years ago. Remembering the
golden-haired brat, he recounts stories about the teen servicing the
appreciative crew.

Well hidden, there is a gay underground at Annapolis.

Many secret societies exist at elite universities - Skull & Bones at Yale,
Quill & Dagger at Cornell. The most renowned is Cambridge University's
venerable Conversazione Society - its undergraduate members famously known
as apostles.

Dedicated to intellectual pursuits and social change, the subversive
apostles advocate acceptance of homosexuality in society. Graduates, known
as angels, rising to influential leadership positions, work towards
advancing the ideals of utopian Greek life.

The Naval Academy has the Navigators.

The mainstream Christian ministry helps midshipmen develop a personal
relationship with Jesus Christ through biblical teaching, worship, and
fellowship.

A secret splinter-sect, however, has a different perspective.

Rejecting the exhausted dogma of traditional thought, charting a new
course, they worship divine masculinity and universal brotherhood. Their
mission is the cultivation of a homosexual moral, cultural, and spiritual
ethos in the Navy.

With constancy of purpose, graduates advance the glorification of
masculinity in the Fleet. Subtly shaping policy within the Pentagon, the
adherents envision a day when gay officers and men can serve openly in the
world's most powerful navy.

But until then they must operate in the shadows.

Possessing spiritual masculine gifts of outward energy, strength of spirit,
and righteous power, Hopkins' destiny is preordained. Worshiping the
earthly embodiment of his god, selflessly servicing sailors, he has already
commenced the spiritual journey towards enlightenment.

A 2/c midshipman advocate presents the plebe's case. Impressed, the sect's
recruiters decide to interview the novice, evaluate his potential, and
judge his commitment to their cause.

Traversing restricted utility tunnels the guide navigates the underground
labyrinth. Like the directional indicators in the city of Pompeii, the
faint outline of Priapus points the way.

Hopkins' life soon will be forever changed.

Combating the dark, occasional incandescent fixtures provide sparse
illumination - casting portentous shadows. Their footfalls echo harshly
through the silent corridors... every step a risky proposition. Restless
preta and indigenous feral creatures wander through the accumulated
detritus.

"We're here," advises the 1/c midshipman.

A massive teak door adorned with nautical and mystical symbols wears the
patina of time. Above, carved in the lintel is "Nosce Te Ipsum" - Know
Thyself.

The guide knocks thrice, an inside bolt releases, and the door slowly
creaks open. Like a ship's bridge after sunset, the chamber is bathed in
low-intensity red light to maintain night vision. The unsettling eerie
nimbus inspires fear and thoughts of impending disaster.

Taking a measured breath the plebe calms himself.

Gestured forward he enters the inner sanctum.

Closing the door the guide remains outside guarding the entrance. Remote
and isolated, disconnected from all activity above, the chamber is a safe
haven for uninterrupted meetings, ritualistic ceremonies, and dangerous
liaisons.

Five figures emerge from the shadows cloaked in ceremonial
robes... firsties and stripers. United in purpose, the recruitment curia
quickly converges and surrounds the disoriented plebe.

With adrenaline surging Hopkins' senses are heightened.

Standing at attention, respectfully silent, he awaits destiny.

Wearing enigmatic facial expressions communicating mystery and secrecy more
powerfully than words ever could, they study the young plebe. For the last
four weeks Hopkins has demonstrated commendable alacrity in the
accomplishment of arduous assignments.

While most plebes are miserable, depressed, and questioning their decision
to attend the Academy, Hopkins is ebullient... fully embracing the
experience. Immersed in regimentation, surrounded by hundreds of young
virile males, drinking in their potent masculinity, he loves everything
about Annapolis.

"Welcome plebe," greets the leader. "This meeting is top secret. Do you
swear a sacred oath of silence to never divulge anything seen or heard?"

"Sir, yes, sir."

"Very well. You will be asked difficult questions and face seemingly
impossible choices. Consider your responses carefully, speak truthfully,
and remain faithful to your highest convictions."

Hopkins starts to perspire.

Another member, the inquisitor, addresses the plebe. "You have been
observed enjoying the company of enlisted men at the Norfolk Fleet
Recreation Center. Is this true?"

"Sir, yes, sir."

Terrified, Hopkins' worst nightmare is coming to fruition. Believing his
sexual inclinations are known, his face is a priceless portrait of shock,
fear, and dread.

"Reliable sources have also reported on your unconventional interests,
special qualifications, and devotion to the Fleet. Do you deny this?" asks
the inquisitor, tightening the noose.

Unable to breathe, Hopkins knows he's fried.

"Sir, no, sir."

"So plebe, are you a homosexual?"


- - - - - Flashback Four Weeks - - - - -


Ex Scientia Tridens: From Knowledge, Sea Power.

Reporting to Annapolis, midshipman candidate James Hopkins III enters the
Yard with excited anticipation. Located by the confluence of the Severn
River and Chesapeake Bay, immense buildings and historical monuments
dominate the landscape.

There is a pervasive feeling of tradition and exclusivity. Inexorably drawn
to the hallowed grounds, like a pilgrim on a spiritual journey, the feeling
of belonging resonates in his soul.

"Can you feel it?" asks his father, Rear Admiral Hopkins Jr, USN.

"It's amazing," whispers the entranced boy.

The weight of history is tangible and undeniable. Renowned nautical
heroes... Stephen Decatur, Alfred Thayer Mahan, David Farragut, Chester
Nimitz, Ernest King, Forrest Sherman, William Leahy, John Dahlgren, William
Halsey, and countless others... are memorialized throughout the prestigious
campus like saints atop the colonnades in St. Peter's Square.

The most inspirational building is the Chapel.

The place of worship is also a shrine to naval history.

Located on consecrated high ground, the masterpiece of American Beaux Arts
architecture is topped with a copper-covered dome based on the Royal Chapel
at Les Invalides in Paris... the tomb of some of France's greatest war
heroes, including Napoleon Bonaparte.

At the entrance are two towering bronze doors depicting `father science'
and `mother patriotism'. Providing illumination, Tiffany stained-glass
windows immortalize nautical battles and heroes. And like the Parisian
Royal Chapel and the Vatican's St. Peter's Basilica, there is a crypt
beneath the rotunda.

Interred is John Paul Jones - father of the American Navy.

The circular crypt features Pyrenees marble columns around a sarcophagus
supported by four bronze dolphins. The names of his ships are inscribed in
the deck around the sacred tomb: Bonhomme Richard, Alliance, Serapis,
Ariel, Alfred, Providence, and Ranger.

Born out of the mutinous Somers Affair, in 1845 the Secretary of the Navy
established an academy that would provide the United States with officers
whose sense of duty, honor, loyalty, and character would be unmatched by
any seafaring nation.

For over 130 years the academy attracts the best and brightest.

And the competition for an appointment is intense.

It's a time of transformation. And like the Maryland July humidity,
expectations are high. Young and idealistic, brimming with potential and
determination, 1300 motivated young men will soon commence an amazing
journey beyond their comprehension.

It's Induction Day 1975... the beginning of plebe summer.

As a Navy brat Hopkins grew up surrounded by sailors and ships. Baptized
into the sacred mystery by a sailor aboard Stoddert, receiving communion
and countless feedings from the crew of Daniels, the boy is spiritually
reborn. Addicted, he is driven like an addict searching for his next
fix. Nurturing his dependency, sailors supply him like Colombian drug
dealers on schoolyards and street corners.

He is eager to accommodate the Brigade of Midshipmen...

... where the high-quality supply is inexhaustible.

Descending upon the crowd of elite young candidates and their parents, a
contingent of senior officers, recently commissioned ensigns, 1/c stripers
and 2/c detailer midshipmen, and enlisted sailors establish order from
civilian chaos.

"0700 candidates report to Bancroft Hall," orders an officer.

Appointment letters were issued several months ago. Containing over 2-dozen
forms, informational guides, and brochures, each candidate's Permit to
Report Package also instructs them exactly when to report, where to go, and
what to bring.

Friendly midshipmen 2/c Detailers assist the candidates.

Unbeknownst to most, however, it's all a ruse.

Once induction day ends and parents depart the Yard, the deception will
vanish and a gale of verbal abuse will rage. Engrained by time and
consuetude, keen to underscore their role as paladins of tradition, the
upperclassmen will unleash a maelstrom of unimagined ferocity.

For the shocked plebes the experience is pure anoesis... sensation without
understanding. Challenged like never before, they will be subjected to
strenuous physical exercises, intense memorization drills, daily rate
calls, sleep deprivation, and endless rules and regulation.

It's a love-hate relationship... and attrition will be high.

Typically 70 plebes don't survive indoctrination.

And after four years twenty-five percent fail to graduate with their
class. While half leave voluntarily, one-quarter fail to meet academic or
physical standards, and the other quarter are removed for honor code
violations, conduct problems, or general military incompatibility.

But for now everyone is smiling.

Offering last words of encouragement, Admiral & Mrs. Hopkins sever the
tether to their son. It's the last time they will have contact with him
until Plebe Parents' Weekend. If he survives the summer the academy will
radical transform him morally, mentally and physically.

The brat confidently joins the queue and his induction
commences. Meticulously planned, the day-long process is
exhausting... encompassing countless administrative, medical, and military
matters.

Reef Points is issued to every candidate.

It's their bible for plebe summer.

Containing essential information necessary to survive, major portions must
be committed to memory verbatim. During plebe year they will be
relentlessly interrogated by upperclassmen... with loss of privileges or
strenuous physical exercise as punishment for incorrect answers.

Hopkins is assigned to Echo Company 10th Platoon.

Comprised of 4 squads of 10 men each, platoons experience success or
failure together. Experts at psychological manipulation, the Navy
understands that strong bonds are forged on the anvil of adversity, and
team commitment strengthened in the crucible of shared misery.

The first order of business is group medical examinations.

`Omnes Viri', this is the last all male class.

Having a substantial financial investment in the candidates, they are
examined and screened for alcohol, drugs, and color perception. Like
discriminating buyers at a Midwest cattle market, the Navy carefully
inspects the candidates for imperfections: tattoos, brandings, piercings,
and body alterations.

Body art and ornamentations that are excessive, obscene, sexually explicit
or that advocate or symbolize sex, gender, racial, religious, ethnic or
national origin discrimination or gang affiliation, supremacist or
extremist groups, or drug use are strictly prohibited... and grounds for
disqualification.

"Strip," orders a Master Chief Hospital Corpsman. "Everything!"

Compelled by the authoritative timbre of his voice, the similarly equipped
10th Platoon undresses without hesitation. Following orders, they surrender
all civilian clothing. Everything is bagged, tagged, and confiscated.

Forty naked candidates display their masculinity. Surrendering to primitive
compulsions, the boys surreptitiously check-out each other's
gear... assessing their completion. The most well-endowed candidates
proudly parade their superiority.

Kindled, upperclassmen maneuver for unobstructed views of the
candidates. With unprecedented acuity, every facet is memorized for their
delectation, especially the enticing asses - filing the indelible erotic
imagery away for future reference.

It's one of the advantages of working Plebe Summer...

... advance reconnaissance of the fresh seafood.

Once the academic year commences, and the 4th Class Regiment of Plebes is
reformed into the Brigade of Midshipmen, high ranking firsties will get
their choice of plebe to mentor. And there is a plebe to suit everyone's
unique tastes and preferences.

The potent virility pervades Hopkins' senses.

Savoring the erotic landscape he becomes partially erect.

Immersed in a sea of masculine perfection, everywhere he looks are trim,
attractive, physically desirable young males in the prime of their
reproductive potency. Forty sets of swollen balls gently sway in their
floppy sacks... the fruit heavily laden with the quintessence of life.

Several doctors arrive and line up the candidates. Donned in medical garb,
the officers' authority is self-evident. Surveying the room they admire the
quality of the incoming class. Enjoying unfettered access to thousands of
vibrant males reeking of testosterone, there is no better billet in the
Navy than attending physician at Annapolis.

Most eyes are drawn to Hopkins' flawless body.

Unperturbed, it's something he has accepted since childhood.

Unabashedly on display, Hopkins stands evocatively with shameless
confidence. The breathtakingly beautiful boy's form invokes images of
classical Greek gods standing in contrapposto. Draped in perfection, his
golden hair, strong jawline, full lips, and confident bright blue eyes are
reminiscent of a young Apollo - the radiant archer.

A doctor commences the head-to-toe inspection. Appreciating masculine
beauty, he lovingly caresses Hopkins' musculature - the chiseled chest and
annealed abdominal muscles. Feeling internal organs for deformities,
tenderness, and pulsations, he steadily progresses downward. Reaching the
narrow waist, he bypasses the boy's gear and inspects the corded
quadriceps, curvaceous calves, and sensual feet.

It's time for the small arms inspection.

And he firmly grasps Hopkins' meaty cock.

Checking for irregularities, slowly sliding his hand up and down, squeezing
the appendage, a solid erection is quickly achieved. Running his
experienced fingers around the sensitive ridge and glans, he examines the
opening of the urethra.

"Any abnormal discharges, burning sensations, or painful urination?"

"Sir, no, sir."

Progressing downward, tracing the tumid shaft's midline ridge, the doctor
examines the floppy sack and scrotal raphe. Weighing the testicles in the
palm of his hand, he lifts and rolls the soft ellipsoids ensconced within
the dual-chambered bag.

Deftly squeezing the orbs between knowledgeable fingers and thumb, he
searches for lumps and growths. Ensuring each is attached to the scrotal
wall and not rotating freely on the spermatic cord, he pulls and twists,
tugs the pouch downward, and presses his fingers into the scrotum.

"Cough. Again. Any pain or discomfort?"

"Sir, no, sir."

"Okay, bend over and spread them," the doctor orders.

Assuming the position, Hopkins is fully exposed. Fortunately, despite
relentless pressure from many fleet sailors to fuck his ass, the brat
fought their advances and is still a virgin. That, however, won't last long
at the all-male academy where upperclassmen routinely enjoy plebe-pussy.

Taking position astern to examine the anus, perineum, and perineal raphe
for abnormalities, the doctor rotates the candidate's hips and spreads the
legs wider. Jockeying for unobstructed views, two corpsmen look over the
officer's shoulder.

In a moment of wonder they are transfixed by the exquisite
sight... mesmerized by the fierce beauty. Revealed in all its glorious
splendor, the flawless pink ring invokes profound adulation.

"Damn, look at that sweet fucking hole," exclaims an HM2

"It's beautiful," another corpsman whispers reverentially.

Feeling the sting of concupiscence, the petty officers reposition their
painful erections and provide additional real estate for westward
expansion. All sailors fantasizing about shafting young academy midshipmen,
overpowering the fleshly sentinel, entering elysium.

Applying benzocaine topical, an anesthetic lubricant, the doctor works a
thick finger inside the reluctant ring... prying it open. Probing deeper,
knowing its way around the undulating chute, the finger finds and massages
the prostate gland - forcing an involuntary moan of pleasure from the boy.

Other candidates in the queue are watching with interest.

They know their turn is coming.

With pressure on his prostate, Hopkins is quickly brought to the brink of
release. Embarrassed but having no choice, he stiffens and violently
discharges ropes of viscous jam as his contracting ring clenches down on
the doctors thrusting digit.

Standing at the ready a corpsman collects the chunky white custard in a
special carafe. Milking the shaft from root to tip, the petty officer
expertly extracts every drop of the precious fluid.

Over the next six hours several gallons of jam will be harvested from the
1,300 candidates. Ostensibly collected for medical reasons, the
high-protein elixir of youth will be sent to the Pentagon for
consumption... reinvigorating key Admirals with strength and vitality.

Unfortunately time doesn't permit for further explorations.

There are over a thousand candidates to examine.

An experienced breeder of midshipmen, the doctor will summon Hopkins after
plebe summer for a more complete and invasive rectal
examination. Annotating the medical record with a secret code, he medically
approves the boy for acceptance into the Academy.

The naked candidates advance to the next station.

Enlisted storekeepers coordinate uniform measurement & issue.

Outfitted like a new construction ship, the candidates are issued
everything required for the duration of plebe summer. If they survive, a
full sea bag of dozens of uniforms, haberdashery, and USNA crested
paraphernalia will be issued over the next four years.

Standing with feet shoulder width apart, arms up and out parallel to the
deck, the candidates are on display for the amused petty officers. Wielding
cloth tape measures, they record body dimensions and issue correct
sizes. Although the experienced purveyors can determine sizes at a glance,
they delight in fondling the candidates' bodies, taking every conceivable
measurement.

Most have erections inside their white crackerjacks.

Approximately 20 different items, including 15 pairs of underwear, 18 sets
of socks, 10 blue rim T-shirts, 5 blue USNA shorts, athletic shoes, swim
trunks, 5 sets of summer white working uniforms, name tag, black
neckerchief, and a blue rim dixie cup are issued and stuffed in a white
fabric sea bag.

Before getting dressed a 2/c Detailer instructs them on markings.

A unique six-digit alpha code is assigned to each candidate.

The first two numbers indicate their graduation year, the next four a
sequential serial number. Stenciled on all clothing and annotated on all
paperwork, this number will remain with them for life. It's not unlike
cattle with an ear tag identifying its owner. Clearly, the Navy owns them
for the next 10 years.

Over the next eight hours dozens of administrative items are
addressed. Moving among stations, while standing in queues, the candidates
read and memorize Reef Points.

Immersed in Navy dogma, they are also introduced to The Honor Concept and
taught basic military courtesies and procedures: how to wear uniforms,
stand at attention, render salutes, drill, and execute basic formation
maneuvers.

Exhausted and overwhelmed, it's 1800.

Time for the Oath of Office swearing-in ceremony.

Parading between 24-pound smooth-bore guns captured during the Mexican War,
Le Gaillard and Mars, the candidates enter Tecumseh Court. Led by stripers
and firsties, the port and starboard battalions take their designated
positions.

The pageantry connects them to a century old tradition. Immersed in a sea
of uniformity, standing at attention as one entity, they are wearing summer
whites with blue-rim dixie cups. Following strict ritual, the Colors are
paraded as company commanders render salutes with swords.

Gathered around the perimeter are proud parents.

The Commandant of Midshipmen recites the oath.

"Having been appointed a midshipman in the United States Navy, do you
solemnly swear that you will support and defend the constitution of the
United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear
true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you
will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you
are about to enter, so help you God."

"I do," thunders the conflated voices.

And the candidates officially become plebes.

Exhilarated, swelling with pride, filled with clarity of purpose, Hopkins
experiences a glorious transformation. With the blue and gold coursing
through his veins he is spiritually bound to the brotherhood... a small
part of a great institution.

It's confirmation that he's where he belongs.


- - - - - Return to The Present - - - - -


The pungent perfume of fear permeates the stagnant air.

If the allegation is confirmed, Hopkins knows he will be reported to the
Commandant of Midshipmen. Unsuitable for military service, all homosexuals
are summarily separated from the Navy. Disqualified and rejected by the
academy, enduring crushing humiliation and shame, how can he ever face his
father?

It's a fate worse than death.

Bound by the Honor Concept, he is in extremis.

Midshipmen are persons of integrity - it's the foundation of their
conduct. Possessing high levels of moral courage, never compromising their
ultimate obligation to the truth, they are accountable for their actions
and accept the consequences without evasion.

Yet he cherishes everything about the Navy: the traditions & customs,
combatants & carriers, and uniforms & regulations. Above all, he loves the
sailors... the camaraderie & brotherhood of men, united in purpose, serving
the nation. How can he throw all that away?

The penetrating scrutiny of the pentad bore into the plebe.

Interpreting his comportment they sense the internal struggle.

"We're waiting Plebe..."

In a moment of darkness he contemplates weaving a verisimilar
tale... explaining that he's unsure and confused. An unfortunate
concatenation of circumstances, he was just curious... experimenting like
all young adolescent males... that unscrupulous sailors took advantage of
his innocence.

But that's a lie. Examining his conscience, hearing the sacred call, its
truth resonating in his soul, he couldn't be any more certain about his
devotion to masculinity.

Although his irrevocable confirmation will have dire consequences, the
plebe must remain true to his inner most convictions. Honor demands
it. Exposed and vulnerable, distraught and devastated, facing certain
expulsion, he makes a terrifying decision.

Taking responsibility he falls-on-his-sword.

"Sir, yes, sir... I'm gay, sir."

A Pyrrhic victory for truth, with the confession he has lost
everything. Gone is the opportunity of a lifetime... the chance to become a
professional Naval Officer of the Line. Forfeiting the privilege to wear
the blue & gold, he'll never command ships and men like his ancestors.

Deserted by fortune, like Macbeth had he but died an hour before this
chance he had lived a blessed time, for from this instant there's nothing
serious in mortality. All is but toys. Renown and grace is dead. The wine
of life has been poured out, and only the dregs remain.

"Very well," responds the inquisitor.

Exchanging looks with layers of significance, the recruiters' visage assume
an air of satisfaction. Achieving their objective, receiving the desired
response, they are impressed with Hopkins' strength of character. Despite
overwhelming pressure, unseduced by expediency, offering no excuses, his
commitment to the truth remained steadfast.

"Relax Hopkins... all is not lost," the leader reassures the plebe with
surprising calmness. "We believe you possess an enlightened perspective of
man's ultimate place in the universe. And we share your unwavering devotion
to divine masculinity."

Adrift, the plebe stares in confusion.

"We had to be sure of your commitment," adds another.

"Do you understand plebe?"

Feeling light-headed, glancing downward, noticing their tented robes,
sensing the presence of the masculine spirit, comprehension is
immediate... striking like lightning. Rekindling his inner light, restoring
balance and harmony, the plebe is filled with rapturous joy.

Smiling benevolently the leader parts his robe and reveals the wonder that
binds them. Grace descends upon the congregation as they witness the
miraculous transformation of flesh. Sculpted by divine will, radiating
immense power, the formidable 9-inch god commands adulation.

Astonished, Hopkins falls to his knees.

Spiritually connected to the fountainhead of all existence, he loses sense
of time, place, and self. Venerating the ineffable perfection, he is
connected to the mystical universe.

"Do you submit to the will of the divine?"

"Sir, yes, sir," he responds with conviction.

Fully immersed in Plebe Summer for the last four weeks, Hopkins hasn't been
able to take spiritual nourishment. Lying in his rack at night,
compulsively jerking off, he dreams of servicing upperclassmen and
consuming their potent seed.

Feeling a oneness he reverentially leans forward.

Paying homage the plebe kisses the sanctified cock.

Experienced at performing the rite of confirmation, the leader tilts the
plebe's head back... ensuring proper alignment for a deep
blessing. Reciting esoteric verses, he enters the supplicant's mouth,
slides along the warm tongue, and reaches the throat's precipice.

Encouraging hands move to the back of Hopkins' head.

But it's unnecessary. The plebe is eager to profess his faith.

Sliding effortlessly deeper, tunneling down the accommodating throat until
two-blocked, the leader relishes the unparalleled pleasure of welcoming the
new member into the Navigators. United in brotherhood, the sect's many
members will all eventually impart their own blessings.

Hopkins' eyes are closed in mystical rapture. Revitalized, feeling the
power of redemption pulsing in his throat, he is connected to his destiny.

Luxuriating in the conduit, the leader is visibly protruding inside the
plebe's neck. Placing their hands upon Hopkins, the pentad of midshipmen
witness and confirm the rite. The thick shaft rhythmically thrusts
in-and-out as they recite cabalistic chants.

Ascending the peak of release the leader stiffens.

Exploding, he anoints Hopkins with a torrent of jam.

Craving the infusion of pure energy, faithfully consuming the magnanimous
gift, mumbling prayers of thanksgiving, the plebe savors the holy seed.

Countless challenges and trials lie before the Navigators.

A small flame can light the darkness; and a spark of truth ignite a
revolution. The sect's future leaders will be those who best reflect the
proud legacy of the Academy... midshipmen and officers with a strong moral
foundation, clarity of purpose, and unwavering commitment to divine
masculinity.

It is a responsibility Hopkins willingly accepts.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Thank you for reading `A Brat's Peregrination'. Hopkin's story continues
when he reports to the Fleet as a 3/c midshipman for youngster cruse.
Taking charge, dedicated sailors train, initiate, and help Hopkins attain
nautical mile certification.

Comments and readers' experiences with sailors, afloat or ashore, are
always of interest.

The author may be reached at JRozoNavyDoD@gmx.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Wed, 7 Sep 2016 17:29:45 +0200
From: James Rozo
Subject: A Brat's Peregrination-2

A Brat's Peregrination - 2

By Ensign James Rozo, USN

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Chapter 2: First Holy Communion


   James Peter Hopkins III lives a privileged life as a Naval Officer's
son.

   Growing up with sailors and ships, the young boy frequently observes
naked sailors engaged in homoerotic roughhousing and grab-ass
play. Baptized into the sacred mystery by a sailor, the experience ignites
his lifelong devotion to enlisted cock.

   After shore duty at the Pentagon as the Assistant to the Deputy Chief of
Naval Operations, the newly promoted Captain Hopkins is given command of
USS Josephus Daniels CG-27, homeported at NOB Norfolk VA.

   Named for the World War I SECNAV, the cruiser is 547 feet long,
displacing 7,930 tons. With a complement of 27 officers and 450 enlisted,
she provides anti-air and anti-surface defense for carrier task forces and
shore bombardment in support of amphibious operations.

   Naturally inquisitive, the 14-year old brat explores the expansive naval
base.

   Covertly following sailors from the destroyer & submarine piers, he
discovers the masculine wonderland of the gymnasium on `B' Avenue near Gate
5. Offering recreational opportunities, it is a natural meeting place for
single enlisted men living aboard the homeported ships.

   Mustering his courage, the brat enters the all-male sanctuary.

   Populating the locker room, sailors proudly parade their masculinity for
the congregation of appreciative spectators. Strutting with shameless
confidence, they display mouthwatering assets like premium meats hanging in
a gourmet delicatessen - sopressata, mortadella, and capocollo.

   An underground marketplace, outlaws and renegades carefully navigate
between unholy desires and UCMJ disaster. Maneuvering in restricted waters,
searching for adventure and a quality meal, kindred spirits employ subtle
gestures to discern interest and advertise preferences.

   And transactions benefiting all parties are efficiently consummated.

   Surveying the expansive room, the brat selects a strategically
positioned locker affording unobstructed panoramic views. Surreptitiously
taking inventory, gorging on the sumptuous visual feast, he is dazed by the
profusion of swinging dicks.

   In the far corner he recognizes three sailors from Daniels.

   Bonding in the vibrant male bastion, the naked sailors engage in
harmless horseplay. Whispering among themselves, they glance at the
golden-haired brat, smile knowingly, and subconsciously tug on their
expanding gear.

   With a farrago of hopes and fears, the brat undresses.

   Slowly he unbuttons the shirt and removes it - exposing his small erect
nipples, developing chest, and taut abdomen. Unbuckling the belt, lowering
the zipper, his pants descend and the bright white underpants contrast
starkly with his bronzed coltish legs.

   Intrigued, devouring him with licentious eyes, sailors watch the
unfolding spectacle.

   Committed to the task, the brat's hands shake as unsteady fingers slide
under the elastic waistband and slowly retract it over his uncooperative
gear, off his hips, and down his legs. Stepping out of the briefs, he is
naked and defenseless.

   Transitioning through puberty, his tantalizing treasures are on display
for all-hands.

   An irresistible lure, carnivores with growing smiles and erections feast
on the perfectly proportioned adolescent. Salivating, they consume him -
imagining the succulent flavor, tenderness, and texture melting in their
mouths.

   And many sailors naturally contemplate fucking his sweet ass.

   Undertaking a voyage fraught with consequences, lifting sail and
catching the winds of destiny, the brat ventures into the unknown of the
open-bay showers.

   Sailing in dangerous waters, he immediately draws the attention of a
toothy seadog with an appetite for young flesh. Taking advantage of the
feeding opportunity, ready to defile another innocent, the predator
maneuvers closer... maintaining constant bearing with decreasing range.

   In extremis, the salacious collision is imminent.

   Watching attentively, understanding the perilous situation, the sailors
from Daniels quickly get underway to protect the brat. Intercepted and
outgunned, the thwarted predator executes evasive maneuvers and retreats to
safety in the protective shadows.

   Extricated from danger, the boy is safe... for now.

   Encircling the brat, the trinity of sailors deter other ambitious
hunters. Taking station off his starboard bow, a handsome 21-year old
Latino makes direct eye contact.

   The sailor's silky smooth cognac complexion - the amalgamation of his
father's Caribbean roots and his mother's Spanish heritage - is contrasted
by a gold mariner chain with a crucifix pendant that rest between
dark-brown nipples. The Virgin Mary, gazing down at her praying hands,
emitting divine beams of light, a symbol of strength and virtue, is
tattooed on his chest.

   Flashing a disarming smile, the Latino sailor, the group's alpha male
and natural leader, engages the brat in conversation. Effortlessly, he
initiates the seduction.

   "Hey little man, what's up?"

   "N...nothing," responds the timorous boy.

   "It's ok, you're safe; we're from Daniels. You're Captain Hopkins' kid,
right?

   "Yes sir."

   "Cool, we though we recognized you."

   Surrendering to primitive compulsions, the boy scrutinizes the sailors'
muscular bodies - committing every amazing nuance to memory. His attention
is immediately drawn towards the Latino sailor's pendulous uncut cock.

   Swaying like a cobra hypnotizing its prey, it seductively whispers his
name.

   Running soapy hands provocatively down his muscular torso, the sailor
strokes the serpent, accentuating its length and girth. Massaging the
foreskin, he rolls back and retracts the fleshy bonnet.

   Watching the brat's reaction, it's obvious the boy craves cock.

   Exchanging looks with layers of significance among his shipmates,
receiving conspiratorial nods, everyone understands the pivotal event about
to unfold. Being their commanding officer's son adds a huge element of
danger and excitement to the endeavor.

   "Let's go somewhere more private," suggest the Latino sailor.

   Reassuring the spellbound brat, he skillfully manipulates the
boy... effortlessly marching him into the steam room.

   Shrouded in a dense blanket of sibilant steam, the stainless steel inner
sanctum reeks with the pungent perfume of male sweat. Navigating with
limited visibility, taking station in a remote corner, perched upon a teak
bench, they are isolated and hidden from view.

   Sandwiched between two dissolute sailors, the brat feels their muscular
flesh pressing upon his perspiring body. Trembling involuntarily with
almost unbearable excitement, his undisciplined adolescent cock is standing
at attention... harder than he ever imagined possible.

   The enlisted men slowly explore the brat's flawless body.

   Running reconnaissance across his hard nipples, down firm abdominals,
and around the narrow waist, a hand brushes across his thigh and grasps the
small ball bag. The recently descended eggs are gently rolled between
experienced fingers.

   Taking the initiative, a fallen angel with an insatiable hunger for
underage seafood descends to his calloused knees and swallows the boy whole
in one easy fluid motion. Employing impressive skills honed aboard Daniels,
he savors the incomparable taste of youthful perfection.

   Overwhelmed with sensory input, the brat's head spins wildly.

   Flooded with endorphins, repressed yearnings buried beneath the abundant
chaff of Protestant dogma surface and explode with devastating
force. Shuddering, reaching a shattering climax, he discharges ambrosia
into the sailor's greedy mouth.

   In a moment of clarity, filled with a sense of profound discovery, the
boy luxuriates in a radically altered sense of identity. Unshackled and
transformed, succumbing to desire, he reaches out and firmly grasps the
Latino sailor's sacerdotal cock.

   Yearning for the divine, manipulating the velvet-smooth steel shaft, the
brat instinctively scrunches down for a better view through the opaque
steam.

   "You can see better on your knees."

   And the brat willingly descends to his destiny.

   Positioned between the sailor's thighs, the idolatrous appendage is
inches from his flushed face. Experiencing a spiritual connection,
worshiping at the altar of his god, he senses the power radiating from the
earthly embodiment of divine perfection.

   "Oh my god... it's beautiful," whispers the enraptured boy.

   With labored breathing, the brat absorbs the sailor's beguiling scent
and pheromones... enticing and inviting. Respectfully silent, head bowed
deferentially, he pays homage.

   "Kiss it," coaxes the sailor.

   Obediently leaning forward, parting pristine pink lips, placing them on
the blood-engorged deity, the boy reverentially embraces his first cock.

   Extending his inquisitive tongue, he experiences the taste of forbidden
fruit. Uninitiated, he is surprised by the textual perfection. A
mouthwatering delight, the intoxicating sweetness of creamy caramel
accentuated with crystals of gourmet sea salt resonates on his tongue.

   "Suck it," the sailor commands.

   Following the lawful command, opening impossibly wide, he struggles to
accommodate the broad crimson crown. A novice at sucking, possessing more
enthusiasm than ability, his lack of skill is offset by a focused
determination.

   Offering assistance, pressing down firmly on the boy's head, the
authoritative sailor forces the swollen gland inside the adolescent
mouth. Smiling with supreme satisfaction, he experiences the ultimate
pleasure of subjugating his commanding officer's son.

   Physically and spiritually bound, the brat is filled with grace.

   Quartered inside the mouth, followed by several inches of thickening
shaft, occupying all the available real estate, the cock is perched upon
the defenseless throat's precipice.

   Stuffed, babbling incoherently, the feeding brat is speaking in tongues.

   Muffled but propagating through the steam room, experienced sailors
recognize the glorious sound of a novice being indoctrinated into the
sacred mystery of cocksuckers.

   Exercising extraordinary restraint, the pragmatic Latino sailor resists
the undeniable urge to throat fuck the brat. Understanding there will be
plenty of future opportunities to educate the boy, he withdraws to a more
accommodating position.

   Sucking enthusiastically, the transformative miracle is close at hand.

   "I'm close... get ready."

   Mumbling prayers, the boy gives thanks for the sacred seed he's about to
receive.

   Ascending in the floppy sack, the sailor's balls announce the impending
consecration. With adrenaline surging, the sailor thrusts forward and
delivers the holy eucharist.

   Partaking in the sacrament of communion, swallowing repeatedly to get it
all down, the quintessence of life provides nutrition to the body and
satisfaction for the soul.

   And the metamorphosis from innocent youth to cocksucker is complete.

   Aboard USS Josephus Daniels the word quickly spreads.

   Gorging with reckless abandon, the rapturous brat services the whole
crew over the next three years. Enjoying a nearly inexhaustible source of
nourishment, he voraciously quaffs gallons of intoxicating enlisted
jam... a stunning assortment of delicious velvety custards.

   Attending the Naval Academy at 18, the brat is already a fully qualified
fleet cocksucker.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -

The brat's peregrination continues in chapter 3: Confirmation.

Comments and readers' experiences with sailors, afloat or ashore, are
always of interest.

The author may be reached at JRozoNavyDoD@gmx.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Thu, 1 Sep 2016 16:42:18 +0200
From: James Rozo
Subject: A Brat's Peregrination - 1

A Brat's Peregrination - 1

By Ensign James Rozo, USN

Gay, Military, Adult-Youth M/b

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Disclaimer: This story, a work of fiction created solely for the
entertainment of inquiring adults, contains content not approved by the
Department of The Navy. The author has no current affiliation within DON
and the views expressed are not representative of Navy/ Marine Corps
positions or opinions.

Nautical life, often difficult and brutal, is chronicled based upon the
author's experiences aboard several combatants. Naval nomenclature, customs
and traditions, and shipboard technical details are, whenever possible,
factual. The characters portrayed are the fictional confluence of numerous
shipmates, and any resemblance to actual persons, is completely
coincidental.

Warning: Sexual interactions between DON members, while prohibited by the
UCMJ and Navy Regulations, were nonetheless prevalent - especially during
deployments. This document contains explicit sexual situations. If graphic
depictions are offensive or illegal, please do not read any further.

Please support nifty at: http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html


- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Notes: Immersed in a pervasive military culture, the children of
service members are endearingly known as brats. Living a transitory
lifestyle, speaking in jargon and acronyms, exposed to foreign countries
and cultures, the brats are resilient, adaptive, and inquisitive.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Chapter 1: Baptism

   "We must lift the sail and catch the winds of destiny wherever they
drive the boat. To put meaning in one's life may end in madness, but life
without meaning is the torture of restlessness and vague desire. It is a
boat longing for the sea and yet afraid." ~ from the poem `George Gray' by
Edgar Lee Masters, `Spoon River Anthology' April 1915


   James Peter Hopkins III was born into a privileged life.

   Descendant from long line of military officers, generations of his
ancestors distinguished themselves in service to the Nation since the war
for Independence.

   The progeny of Annapolis graduates, the boy is immersed in the Navy from
conception - imbued with a commitment to duty, honor, and country.

   Growing up a Navy brat, his formative years are entwined with sailors
and ships.

   As his front-runner father rapidly advances in rank, deep-selected for
choice billets on frigates, destroyers, and cruisers, the boy receives a
very special fleet education.

   CDR Hopkins' first at-sea command is USS Benjamin Stoddert DDG-22.

   Named for the 1798 Secretary of the Navy, the 437-foot guided missile
destroyer, with a flank speed of 35 knots, conducts anti-aircraft warfare
and naval gunfire support.

   Emulating the masculine influences in his life, the gorgeous 10-year old
brat wears a little sailor uniform complete with a 13 button trouser flap,
three rows of white piping on the collar and cuffs, and white stars on the
tar flap. Astride his profusion of golden locks is an iconic white dixie
cup.

   Visiting Stoddert, the boy proudly renders salutes to the officers and
men.

   Known affectionately by the nickname `Trip', reflecting his triple
namesake heritage, the crew adopts the irresistible brat as their mascot.

   Transcending difficult birth narratives, the sailors live a nautical
life filled with camaraderie and glorious adventure. With the Combat
Exclusion Law precluding the assignment of sea cows aboard the destroyer,
the men forge strong bonds and share an extraordinary intimacy.

   Being similarly equipped, they strip without hesitation and proudly
parade their masculinity.

   Exploring Stoddert, immersed in a sea of masculinity, the impressionable
boy is exposed to homoerotic images as the sailors engage in typical hazing
rituals, roughhousing, and grab-ass play. Surrounded, the crew's
distinctive musk, masculine and military, suffuse his senses.

   Passing a remote head, the brat recognizes a friendly quartermaster.

   "Hey Trip!" the QM2 cheerfully greets the boy.

   Harboring unconventional proclivities, the predatory sailor struggles
for control... fighting his natural inclination to ravage the stunning
blond-haired boy.

   Exercising restraint, proceeding with his routine, the sailor approaches
a urinal.

   Taking station besides him, Trip watches as the petty officer opens his
dungarees and extracts a large appendage hanging at parade-rest. Standing
evocatively with shameless confidence, shifting hands, the QM2 provides an
unobstructed view of his gear.

   The allure is undeniable, and like a moth to a flame, the boy is
helpless as his vision is drawn inexorably between the sailor's muscular
thighs.

   "It's awesome, right?" asks the sailor brimming with justifiable pride.

   Speechless, the boy can only nod in the affirmative. Watching intently
as the sailor strokes the growing shaft, he senses the power surging within
the awakening cock. Startled by the enormous size, it's way bigger than he
ever imagined possible.

   "You ever see one that big, Trip?"

   "N...no. It's huge," whispers the enthralled boy.

   The impressive display of virility pervades Trip's senses. Breathing
deeply, he inhales the sailor's intoxicating pheromones and the strong
scent of Old Spice cologne - rich and spicy, manly and inviting.

   "All boys are curious," said the sailor with disarming assurance.

   Questioning their own development, young males are inherently interested
in the physical progress of their friends and older brothers. At every
opportunity they instinctively stare, compare, and measure other boy's gear
with impunity.

   "Go ahead, hold it for me," directs the manipulative sailor.

   "Umm... oh... okay."

   Biting his lip nervously, almost fainting from excitement, the brat
grasps the tumid shaft... his trembling little hand unable to enclose half
the massive girth. The meaty shaft, warm and smooth, pulses and throbs with
life.

   "Hold tight and aim straight."

   Unleashing a torrent golden stream, violently splashing the white
porcelain, the sailor studies the absorbed brat and smiles with
satisfaction. Recognizing the familiar enraptured stare, he knows the boy
is destined to worship the pagan idol.

   "Let me help you."

   Understanding the discharging hose is too powerful for the young boy to
control, he provides a firm hand on the tiller as dewatering operations
continue.

   Completing the task, shaking twice, he guides the boy's hand up-and-down
the tumescent shaft. Manipulating the appendage, they stroke the sensitive
ridge and head. Standing at attention, the magnificent cock realizes its
full 9-inch beer-can thick potential.

   "You know how to jerk off, Trip?"

   "Umm... no," he hesitates, not fully understanding the question.

   "That's ok... I'll teach you."

   A sailor's life is 99% uninspiring boredom punctuated by 1% blinding
terror. Underway, the overwhelming loneliness, pervasive and profound,
forces them to seek relief in a shipmate's mouth or in sea-pussy. When
resources are scarce, or competition too intense, they take matters into
their own hands and choke-the-chicken.

   Providing instruction, demonstrating proper technique, he guides the boy
in the timeless ritual. Working persistently, pumping up-and-down and
around, they squeeze the pulsating shaft and rub the sensitive flared head.

   "That's it... keep stroking."

   Spreading a pearl of natural lubricant across the swollen knob, the
sailor moans with desire - savoring the sensuous stimulation. Closing his
eyes, the QM2 employs one of his favorite sexual fantasies: plowing some
tender 3/c midshipman sea-pussy.

   A powerful source of solace, young naval academy sea-pussy must be
experienced to be fully appreciated. When cleverly prepared there's nothing
quite like a piece of ass... warm and tight, satisfying and gratifying.

   "Jerk faster... I'm getting close."

   Speeding up the movements, they pump furiously.

   Dangerously close, with endorphins flooding his brain, the sailor
experiences intense euphoria. Swelling, his bloated balls expand as the
internal pressure in the magma chambers increases beyond containment.

   "Oh fuck, I'm going to blow..."

   Ascending the devastating peak of release, molten jam catastrophically
explodes out of the blood-engorged cock, followed by three additional
scalding spurts.

   Disbelieving his eyes, the boy is shocked by the astonishing detonation.

   "W... what happened?"

   "I shot my load."

   Stunned by the revelation, the wonder is reflected in the brat's
expressive blue eyes. Like all boys discovering the secret and joining the
conspiracy, there's no return to innocence.

   "Wow... I didn't know it could do that."

   "It's our secret... don't tell anyone."

   Milking the deflating cock, the sailor makes the sign of the cross on
the boy's forehead with the holy discharge. "I baptize you in the name of
the father, son, and holy ghost."

   Cleansed of original sin, it ignites the brat's lifelong devotion to
enlisted cock.


- - - - - - - - - - - - -

The brat's peregrination continues in chapter 2: First Holy Communion.

Comments and readers' experiences with sailors, afloat or ashore, are
always of interest.

The author may be reached at JRozoNavyDoD@gmx.com