Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2017 20:32:14 +0000 (UTC)
From: Avesland
Subject: In The Air Force 3

My 10th true story, in mostly chronological order, all my stories are true,
from my memory, going back to when I first had gay sex. Some are 3rd
person, told to me by lovers that I have had sex with. I will try to write
the stories as graphic as possible.

Most names are real, but some have to be modified as well as their true
locations. I would like to hear from others.

I will describe myself at the time of my enlistment. I am of Irish decent,
very good looking, tall, skinny, cut cock, nice ass, nearly hairless,
clean, smooth skin, pink nipples, head, pucker, lips. And always looked
younger than I was. Real jail bait. Was & remained that way for many years,
into my 40s. I always have been Anal oriented, Like to fuck guy's butts &
loved to be plowed. But also do many other things.

I am married, consider myself bisexual, totally in the closet, but always
preferred sex with men, those that I fancy & some others when I'm horny. I
am a sexual planner, opportunist & a conniver.

I joined the Air Force when I turned 18. After basic training, was sent to
Germany, stationed near Frankfurt.

After Chuck moved to a new post, another new fellow joined my unit,
Galloway, smaller than my height & weight, slim, little body hair, 18-yrs,
and thanks for the community showers, a nice delicious medium cute
cut-cock, nice ass, pretty face, luscious lips, pinkish parts, lips, head,
pucker, nipples, small tits, baby fat soft and all the other required other
items. .I was all excited & in love or lust, when I first saw him. He had
just reported to duty with his buddy, they joined under the Buddy System in
effect at that date. His "buddy" was a short fat ugly slob piece of pig
shit, named Looker, an exact opposite of Galloway. They were assigned to my
section, but not under me. I commanded or supervised a 6 to 9-man
sub-section that refilled, repaired & replaced fire extinguishing
apparatus. We had our own enclosed very comfortable large shop. .Galloway &
Looker were always together, not socializing or making friends with any of
the other guys, slept in a group room with 10-others, their beds were next
to each other. Would go to the showers & shit at the same time. Went to
meals together. They became the butt (no pun) of the units gossip. .I
finally found a chance (a rare moment when Piggy was not around) to have a
private talk with Galloway, and he agreed with me, he could no longer stand
Looker any more, but was afraid to break with him. They grew up together
since they were little. Looker was the aggressive & controlling one of the
two. It was obvious to me that they were having sex with each other, takes
one to know one. And my talk had ulterior motives, I wanted desperately to
fuck him as well as many things that came into my mind while often
fantasizing & jacking-off. Had a talk with my superiors, they agreed with
me that the two had to be broken up. They asked me if I thought the two
were gay, asking me, the fox guarding the chicken coup. I said probably
not, no indications as yet, but Galloway needed direction, was smart, a
nice guy, very shy & must be on his own, away from Looker. I also stated
that Looker would be best put in the janitor department mopping
floors. .Looker was transferred to a different unit, mess hall &
barracks. Galloway was put into my 2-person room, so I could keep an eye on
him and help him to acclimatize with-in the unit, what fucking luck. I
certainly kept an eye on him. He was also assigned to my shop for intense
training. Could I ask for anything better. But every night, just after
meals, Looker was in my room visiting Galloway & stay to lights out. I
could tell that Galloway was not to happy about these visits. Sometimes
they would take a walk outside together, soon after dark. There were places
to go, the EM club, the Canteen, the Movie theater, the Field house that
had entertainment, card games, shoot pool, bowling etc. I figured that they
were not going to these places. I checked them out and they were not
there. Where did they walk too. One night I went outside and stood facing
the front door, but where I could not be seen. They came out & started to
walk in a direction were there was no reason to go there. I stayed back a
good distance, There was a group of old German army barracks that were no
longer in use. They were fenced off, but the fence was run down &
broken. They went into that area, now I was sure they were having sex. I
later said nothing to them, nor anybody, of course. .From then on, prepared
my plans. At nights when after Looker would leave, would follow Galloway to
the bathroom or would undress naked in front of Galloway, bend over showing
my hole & show my hard-ons all the time for him to see. He started to do
the same. Shower at the same time. Exposing our bodies to each other. We
would touch each other in passing. One time, Looker was visiting, pretended
to get ready for shower, I did a strip in front of them, that Looker got to
see and he got quite jealous, he got the idea that I wanted Galloway. He
was over now all the time & on weekends. Now I had good reason to have him
removed far away, And I was now sure that Galloway wanted me, and without
us saying anything about that. Later at night, he would stare at me laying
naked on my bed, stroking my cock, he started doing the same. Except when
Looker was around. Had a talk with the Officer that made up rosters &
explained that Looker was a big problem, which the rumors & gossip were
also saying, he put Looker on the Interior Guard Mount. Which meant that
Looker had to move to the Guard barracks permanently, all night duty,
un-armed walking around the buildings of the many posts. He got 2-days off
per week, never the same days & very few weekends. I now had Galloway
almost to myself. And Galloway was almost free from Looker, he was
happy. When Looker did visit, Galloway was cool to him, would ask him to
leave, saying he was busy. If Looker got mad, I would order him out of the
barracks. Later, our unit commanding officer had Looker warned that he was
not to visit or enter our barracks. .That first night, after Looker's
transfer, I was horny, I took Galloway out to the club for some beers & to
celebrate Looker's demise. He said he never was there before. We drank &
talked, I said lets go for a walk. He smiled. We went towards the empty
barracks. I said show me were you use to go with Looker. He did. The
barracks were also used to store bed frames, springs, lockers, stacks of
covered mattresses & such. He took me to a 2nd floor, to a large closed
storage room. Empty, but inside it had a bed frame with springs, also had a
light that worked, no windows though. He showed me were there was a clean
blanket, soap & toilet paper stored in one of the many boxes. And the
bathroom had running water. To preserved the buildings, in winter they had
reduced heat to prevent deterioration, the water was kept on & even had hot
water after you ran it for awhile, ventilation in summer to prevent
mildew. I asked him to show me which mattress they used, it was covered
with stains & dirty. I put my arm around him & he moved closer, I leaned my
head down, he opened his mouth & our lips met. We were instantly french
kissing. our hands were into our cracks, holding our cocks. He said he
wanted my cock up his ass. I was uncomfortable fucking there, what if a
guard came along. We would not have enough time to get dressed. So I sat
down on the bed, lowered my pants & he got on his knees & took my cock in
his mouth & sucked. I blew a big load down his throat. Then we frenched. I
went down on him and his cum filled my mouth, I swirled it around & he
tasted it in my mouth when we kissed. I said I have a place for us to go
next weekend & for us to get a pass each day. I still had to fuck that
ass!.We walked back to our room. He mentioned that Looker was the only
person that he ever had sex with. And not normal gay sex. Looker could not
get an erection. He could cum. Looker would blow him, he would fuck Looker
and he would suck Looker's soft cock & swallow the small puddle. Looker
would fuck him with a large cucumber. I was the first hard cock he ever
sucked & the first big load down his throat & he was looking for the real
thing in his butt. Chuck came over and paid me a visit the next day, we had
seen each other the last weekend off post but this was the first visit to
my barracks in several months. I had told him about Galloway & Looker
before and he wanted to see them for his self. This was now the 2nd day
that Looker was gone. Chuck flipped when he first saw Galloway. We then
told him Looker was gone. Chuck suggested that the three of us go out on
pass this weekend. We said no, not this time, we had plans. Later I walked
Chuck out & told him what we are now doing. Chuck ask me if he has a chance
to get into Galloway's ass. I said for sure, but give me some to break him
in. I said if your horny, find Looker, you like fat butts. .On the walk, I
directed Chuck to the empty barracks, I was getting horny. We went inside,
directed him to the room. He was amazed that we never knew or tried this
place. First I made sure all the exterior doors were locked or barricaded,
I wanted no surprises nor a court martial & nor an Undesirable
Discharge. Desirable discharges are OK if they go into a lube butt.  I said
fuck or suck as my fingers crept into his crack. I found a clean mattress &
thru it on the bed frame & springs with the blanket on top. We ditched our
clothes, but made sure they were hung were we could get to them fast. Chuck
always liked to go first, so I laid back on the bed, legs up high. His
tongue found my hole, after some licking, he mounted me. His long cock head
found my pucker & he shoved it in. I could live with a big hard cock in me
24/7. We humped for a while, then shot his load. For him to wash his shit
covered dick, we would have to turn out the light in the room, then open
the door, & get to the wash room naked, which would have to be kept
dark. So he went down on me and I got another good blow job, 2 in two
days. I would have preferred to fuck him, but leave it for a later
day..Clothes on, Chuck carried his pants, to the wash room to clean his
cock. While he was washing, I got the urge, got on my knees and took it
fresh from the sink. Now I had cum in my ass & cum in my belly. We got back
to my room, Galloway was curious why we took so long. I turned around &
bent over pointing at my ass. He got the message. He said that he didn't
know that Chuck was gay. I said you would eventually know, Galloway said "I
cannot wait"..Saturday morning came, our arrangements were that we did
everything apart. He showered, got his pass & I would do this about 15-mins
after him. He would leave first, then me in 15-mins. Meet at the place I
told him to go. Galloway came running to our room as I was getting ready,
saying that Looker was waiting outside the front door. Looker did not see
him. We did have some side entrances, I told him to sneak out the supply
door, go around the back & cut thru a gangway, I would follow about a
minute behind. Looker would not be able to see us. That is what we
did. Now, we walked together the remainder of the way. Found out later that
Looker was asking those that were exiting thru the front door, if they knew
or seen us inside. Eventually one of the officers came out & ordered him to
leave & never come by this barracks ever again. He was not liked by any of
his colleagues. .The place we went to was an actual small Whore House. I
sometimes utilized when horny. I knew and was friends & intimate with the
Owner/Madam, Ericka, a pleasant attractive women about 20-yrs older than
me. She had a store front that sold civilian military items, jackets &
such. There were about 6-small bedrooms in back & two small bathrooms with
showers, bidets & such. The bidets were used to wash out cum filled cunts &
butts. She usually had about 2 or 3 young pretty girls, sometimes a German
boy. She also did tricks and I also enjoyed her, sorry to mention that, but
sometimes any fish in the pan when your very horny. But she liked to take
it up the ass. She knew I liked boys & a few times she would have one,
which I availed myself..I had rented a room for a few hours. We got there &
I introduced Galloway to her. Erika loved him, said if he ever wanted some
pussy, hers was available for free. Or if he wanted to make some money, she
had the customers that would pay top dollars. We got into the room and fell
into each others arms, frenching, feeling, rubbing. He said he needs a real
cock in his ass NOW! Off our clothes, naked bodies together, rolling on the
bed. Started to lick him all over. We played with each other for awhile
until we were ready to burst. Put him on his back, lifted his legs up. Put
my cock head at his rosebud, started to press, tight, pressed harder, felt
it opening some, pressed still harder, finally the head penetrated. Pushed
all the way in, Galloway was whining a little. Went slow, all the way to
the hilt, then back slowly. Started to hump a little faster. As we were
french kissing. He said faster, which I did, plowing like mad. Could not
last long this time. Shot several times deep up his rectum. He had tears in
his eyes, quietly crying, thought that I had hurt him, caused him pain. No,
he said, it is because all these years, when Piggy had fucked me, it was
with a cucumber. I could have had a true hard cum shooting cocks humping me
instead all these years..I dismounted & laid on my back, legs up, Galloway
got on top, tried to find my hole, had to help him, it popped in, great
feeling. He knew what he was doing. He stated to hump me, as our lips
met. My hands were now behind him in his behind, in his crack, in his
hole. We fucked for hours, he could not get enough up his butt, 10-years
with a cucumber, what a waste, now the real thing, had a lot to make up
for. Made it a point to get Chuck involved, soon, so as to satisfy that
hole. I gave him one last blow job. We showered & dressed..I told him to
leave a head of me & go to a tavern that I knew. Usually guys would be
there that we knew, so he had an excuse in case Looker tried to find out
stuff. I followed 30-mins later, borrowed on of Erika's whores that was
setting around, paid he a few bucks, & we went on our way to the
tavern. Got there & all the guys, about 12 or so, were there with Galloway,
drinking beer & having a good time, when I walked in with my "date" for the
day. Looker was also there, he was searching all the places looking for
Galloway. He was harassing Galloway, pissing off the other guys, when I had
arrived with my girl. They & me told him to leave, and we should him to the
door. Skip forward, the next week, Looker & his belongings, were packed
into a truck, which drove away, we never saw him again. Learned later he
was given a General Discharge. .Later, met Galloway back at our room about
1900 hours. Chuck was waiting, he asked Galloway if he would like to go to
the club with him. Galloway asked me if it was OK, I said go, knock your
socks off. They left for the club, a place that Galloway is finally
learning about. Had a few beers, then to the empty barracks. They made it
back at about midnight. All wore out. Chuck had an overnight pass & staid
the night, in an empty bunk he scarfed from another room. Now we had a 3rd
person to stand guard at the door. A night of sucking, kissing, feeling &
fucking. That day Galloway had been fucked up his butt, with a real hard
cock, at least 6-times. At about 6 AM he had to shit, had his first Cum
enema, he was amazed that the Cum would squirt out with so much
pressure. .My time there was almost over, time to rotate back to the
states. Galloway, Chuck & I did do a orgy at Erika's whore house a few
weekends. Erika liked to be in the room sometimes, playing with her pussey,
I did help out by eating her when the two were busy. A few times she let me
watch while she had lesbian sex with her girls, of course I did get blow
jobs..I got the names, addresses, phone numbers from most of the guys when
I left for the states. Some how I did lose them. Never saw Galloway ever
again, he would be old & ugly by now. Galloway, if you read this contact
me. Chuck, finally found him 30-yrs later, he lives in another state. We
had some sex & are in touch. He is living with a younger guy, my type, in
an open relationship, which I was fortunate to fuck him as well. Chuck &
Galloway & the clerk continued to fuck each other to when they had to
leave. I do not have a photo of Galloway. Have one of Chuck. I was now
twenty yrs old. Another 40 to go. .Next story is another After The Air
Force. Story #11. I have many more to go, to the present time.

Write me at avesland@yahoo.com. I live somewhere south of Orlando. Could do
a meet-up for coffee or beer. .My other True stories:

1st, Starting Out-in Youth. 2nd, Being Screwed by Ken-in Youth. 3rd, Fun
With Hof-in Youth. 4th, 5th & 6th, Once In Love With Harry #1, 2 & 3-in
High School. 7th, Final High School Days-in High School. 8th, 9th & 10th In
The Air Force 1,2 &3.11th After The Air Force..

Please!! Make sure you contribute often & generously to Nifty.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 11 Dec 2017 17:35:28 +0000 (UTC)
From: Avesland
Subject: In The Air Force 2

My 9th true story, in mostly chronological order, all my stories are true,
from my memory, going back to when I first had gay sex. Some are 3rd
person, told to me by lovers that I have had sex with. I will try to write
the stories as graphic as possible.

Most names are real, but some have to be modified as well as their true
locations. I would like to hear from others.

I will describe myself at the time of my enlistment. I am of Irish decent,
very good looking, tall, skinny, cut cock, nice ass, nearly hairless,
clean, smooth skin, pink nipples, head, pucker, lips. And always looked
younger than I was. Real jail bait. Was & remained that way for many years,
into my 40s. I always have been Anal oriented, Like to fuck guy's butts &
loved to be plowed. But also do many other things.

I am married, consider myself bisexual, totally in the closet, but always
preferred sex with men, those that I fancy & some others when I'm horny. I
am a sexual planner, opportunist & a conniver.

I joined the Air Force when I turned 18. After basic training, was sent to
Germany, stationed near Frankfurt. My unit was large & had several
buildings in several nearby posts. I basically behaved myself & started to
acquire rank. My social life consisted of going out for beers & fooling
around with the local girls. Had to do that or my buds would become
suspicious of me. But on occasion, if I could get out by myself, I would
roam around the city in areas that off-duty American military people did
not usually visit. I was surprise about the pct of German men that liked to
fool around. Most of my encounters are now a blur, mostly one-time
encounters. Sex was legal for people 15 & over, so had it with some of that
age. The problem with German boys is that they are all un-cut. I have never
sucked an un-cut cock. Fucked by them, they slide in & out better. Ken was
un-cut.

About a year later, a new fellow joined my unit, Chuck (later Chuck the
Fuck), my height, lanky, slim, some body hair, 18-yrs, and thanks for the
community showers, a nice long cut-cock flaccid, nice ass, and all the
required other items. We became close, took a liking to each other. My
liking for the same reason he had. But still did not know if he was gay,
gave little indication. He liked to put his hands on my shoulder & knees &
butt in a friendly manner. Once we got into a wrestling match in our room,
it became very hot for me, got a hard-on, so did he. A few feels happened,
then we both cooled it before it grew into something that if somebody
should walk in, would cause us to be court marshaled. Nothing was said then
or later, it was something we ignored, except in my fantasies & his.

An Oktoberfest was coming (cumming?) up in Munich, I asked Chuck if he
wanted to take a weeks furlough with me and go there. Fast forward. We got
on the train, had to set in a 8-person compartment. No opportunity for
sexual small talk, I was eager to bring up the subject, feel him out. Are
we going to Fuck? Or was I totally wrong about him. We got to Munich, we
found a cheap hotel not far from the train station, dropped off our bags in
the small room, that contained a small double bed, I was happy about
that. Chuck asked if I was OK with sleeping with each other. I joked & said
as long as we are naked. We had not eaten as yet, so we headed out to the
Fest. Had food & some beer. He said to me, "you were joking about sleeping
naked, but I sleep in the nude, are you alright with that'? I said, if that
is the case I will have to sleep naked also, but it will take me very long
to get to sleep. He said it is late now, (8PM) we should head back. OK with
me, my thoughts exactly. I had this on my mind for several weeks & many
jack-offs.

We got back, showered, had just our boxers on (AF issue), I said ready for
a wrestling match. Is the Pope a Catholic? We faced off, on our knees, on
the bed. We never had any conversation at all prior to now about sex. This
was the moment. I spoke up, lets remove our boxers! We then did, both
sprouting massive hard-ons. We grabbed each other and started wrestling,
trying to pin each other. Well, soon we were now head to foot or really
face to cock. He took the plunge first, swallowing sucking my cock. I
commenced sucking his. We went to it, sucking like mad, deep throating,
gagging, licking the shaft. We blew our multi loads at our tonsils or back
of the throat, about the same moment. Nice thing about sucking, nothing has
to be cleaned up immediately. Not like a cock covered in shit. When we
broke apart, started to french kiss and taste our cum in our mouths. Our
hands then our mouths were all over each others bodies.

When we recovered enough, said I had to fuck his adorable butt, he said he
wanted that very badly. I got him into position & ate his ass deeply. Then
on his back, legs spread apart & high in the air, I penetrated his body
deeply. And he pulled my face down so we could french. I pounded him so
hard, he was whining with pleasure. Shot my load as deep as possible,
hopping my cum would mix with my cum now in his stomach. If that is
possible. I guess if the cum is digested it could mix with cum from a ass
fucking? It now was his turn, he was still on his back, so I climbed out of
the saddle, got on top of his belly & straddled his hard cock. Pointed at
my rosebud & pressed down until it was buried to the hilt. Started riding
him & with him humping at the same time. This became a daily all the time
thing. Sucking, fucking, kissing. When we woke up screw, to the Fest for
lunch, then more screwing, then dinner at the Fest, then more screwing,
shower, screwing, sleep, wake up & fuck, back to sleep until
morning. Several days, then the train back, setting there with a days worth
of cum up our butts. .We got together as often as possible, without causing
any suspicion, we thought anyways. A few months later, Chuck got
transferred to one of our sub units at another post. Still sometimes got
together on the weekends off post. Sometimes one of us would visit each
other in the others barracks. Escape outside in the bushes for a suck after
dark. But not as often & I got a new roommate, next story..

Like to add, forgot stuff that I should have included in my first
stories. I eventually got the ability to suck myself. Started trying when I
was 14 & 15. Being skinny it was easier than if I were fat. I was careful
about it, worried that I could hurt myself. Kept on trying, With time &
practice, slowly my mouth could get closer to my cock head. Eventually
could shoot the few inches gap to my mouth while jacking off. Would get my
back & ass high on a wall & shoot downward. Finally when I became 16, could
touch the head with the tip of my tongue. A lot better, kept on trying &
eventually touched the head with my lips. Now could shoot straight in
without wasting a drop. Soon I could get the head & about an inch into my
mouth. Still had to use my hand, true sucking would not do. Took some big
loads. When I entered the Air Force, I gained some weight, not much, but
enough to stop any self sucking abilities. .Next story is another In The
Air Force 3. Story #10.

Write me at avesland@yahoo.com. I live somewhere south of Orlando. Could do
a meet-up for coffee or beer. Make sure you contribute often to Nifty..
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

My other True stories: 1st, Starting Out-in Youth. 2nd, Being Screwed by
Ken-in Youth. 3rd, Fun With Hof-in Youth. 4th to 6th, Once In Love With
Harry #1, 2 & 3-in High School. 7th, Final High School Days-in High
School. 8th & 9th In The Air Force 1 & 2.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Fri, 8 Dec 2017 22:30:37 +0000 (UTC)
From: Avesland
Subject: In The Air Force 1

My 8th true story, in mostly chronological order, all my stories are true,
from my memory, going back to when I first had gay sex. Some are 3rd
person, told to me by lovers that I have had sex with. I will try to write
the stories as graphic as possible.

Most names are real, but some have to be modified as well as their true
locations. I would like to hear from others.

I will describe myself at the time of my enlistment. I am of Irish
decent, very good looking, skinny, cut cock, nice ass, nearly hairless,
clean, smooth skin, pink nipples, head, pucker, lips. And always looked
younger than I was. Real jail bait. Was & remained that way for many years,
into my 40s. I always have been Anal oriented, Like to fuck guy's butts &
loved to be plowed. But also do many other things.

I am married, consider myself bisexual, totally in the closet, but always
preferred sex with men, those that I fancy & some others when I'm horny. I
am a sexual planner, opportunist & a conniver.

I had a typo in my first stories saying "Marines", meant to say "Air
Force", Also in my last story said: "later Syd slipped me another $20",
meant to say that "Man gave me another $20".

I joined the Air Force when I turned 18. I knew I would have to cool my sex
life, had no problem with that, there are other means to self
gratification. Training started & we were put into the older style
barracks. two floors & 50 men/boys to a floor. One bathroom with several
sinks, urinals, toilets & a shower for ten or so. Double bunk beds. Most
guys don't turn me on. They have to be something "special" to me. And
staring or getting an hard-on are not good to do in a barracks, in the
homophobic American military in that era.But there had to be one, a Sally!
Sally's a nickname that are given to those guys who are slightly or greatly
effeminate. Smaller, weaker, cute (to me) & younger looking guys. And his
bunk was directly across the center aisle from mine. Hinkens was 17-yrs,
girlish pretty face, shorter about 66", not muscular nor a fatty, not
skinny, like a layer of baby fat over his body, a gorgeous bubble butt, a
hung flaccid cut cock, light complected, nearly hairless, lips & mouth to
kiss, a body to feel & lick all over. He was very friendly, easy going
rural type person, not a mean bone in his body..I had to sneak peeks only,
when he was dressing, in the shower, taking a crap. Did once see for a
moment, early in the AM, his hard-on while putting on his underwear, a big
cock! Was not in a position to take an interest in him without fear of
people noticing my intentions. Whenever I found myself alone with him for a
few mins, would converse to find out about him & try to become his
friend. Finally we became somewhat close, confided with me of his home
life. He lived by himself since he was 13 in a trailer his mother
owned. His mother lived several hours away in a city. She would visit every
few months but would send money to him. Her sister lived nearby & was like
a guardian to him The sister had a family, husband & several kids. As I
found out later, the husband molested him since day one & on a daily
basis. Treated Hinkens like a second wife, but I found out all this in the
future..We were do for a furlough after our training ended, and I had his
address, he lived about four hours south of me. He said to me & others, if
we were in the area to stop by. When I was home, borrowed a car & drove to
his trailer. He did not have a telephone. Left about 4AM got there about
8AM. It was a very small rural town with lots of vacant lots, his trailer
sat by itself, nearest house or shack or trailer a hundred feet
away. Knocked on the door, he was sleeping, was surprised. He let me in &
said he would get dress. I would have preferred undress. I was sitting
there watching him get dressed, with a big hard hard-on in my pants, not
knowing if he was gay. He then said we must leave immediately, in my car,
he did not have a car. I did not ask why, we got into my car & he said to
drive, any direction. We drove down this country road for a few miles. He
explained that he did not want us to be there at his trailer, if his
step-uncle or others would show up & catch us there..I said were do we go?
He ask if I were planning to staying the night, if so, for me to get a
motel. He said not near here, to many people know me. He then explained
about his step-uncle and the years of sexual abuse. I asked if he hated the
sex? No, he just hatted his step-uncle. He never could have sex with others
or had a boy friend around or in his trailer. I told him I wanted to have
sex with him. He said he could tell. Eventually he directed me to a nice
motel about 10-miles away. He said he sometimes stays here when he has
out-of-town company. And the hotel clerk knows him & is a friend &
sometimes a lover. By this time I was ready to cream in my jeans. He went
inside & got the room. I parked by the room & he opened the door.. We went
inside & pulled our clothes off. Our arms were around each other, our hands
in our cracks, our lips open & pressing each other, tongues in each others
mouths. We fell on the bed, our bodies twisting on each other. His cut cock
was huge, I end on my back, put my legs up, he dove right in, cock as far
up my ass it could go, started to pound me like a jack hammer. He kept
pounding me & he said when your ready, I will flood your butt, and he
did. .

It was now my turn, after he washed, I was laying still on my back savoring
my getting fucked good experiencing. He climbed on top of me, I position my
head against his pucker, and then he sat down on it. he rode me till I
came. Later we did a 69, reversing afterwards to exchange a cum french
kiss. We staid on that bed all day & to about noon the next, fucking &
sucking. We were much sated. Around 6PM, the clerk called if we wanted to
order a pizza & beer.Hinkens, naked, later let him in with the pizza &
beer. Cute guy, I was also naked. Hinkens went down on him & gave him a
good blow job, then he left..The next day, I took him home, Hinkens staid
low in the car so no one could see him. We drove by the trailer, Hinkens
got out a ways away behind some bushes. I never saw him again, I visited a
few years later after leaving the military, but his trailer was no longer
there. Drove around but never saw it. I then drove to that motel, the clerk
was still there. He was now a few years older, chubby. He remembered
Hinkens, said that he had moved away, but did not know where. I said to the
clerk that I had staid there a night with Hinkens & did he remember me? No,
he said Hinkens had staid there a few times with a friend. I said that he
(the clerk) came to the room & had sex with Hinkens, he said that often
happen & would I like to see a room? Yes, lets go. We entered and did I
want to do something. He said he was not into love making, only
sex. Sucking or fucking. We took our clothes off & he laid on his belly. I
mounted, slid my cock into a very well used hole. It was already greased
up. He said this would be his 4th fuck that day, now 10AM. Has it been
cleaned out since? No, I like to leave the cum in for a while until I have
to shit. So I started to bang him. Sloppy seconds. Cum was squeezing out
the sides. Gave him my load, now my turn. He wanted a blow job, he had a
nice cock, so I gave him one. Before he came which took almost an hour, I
pulled off & he came in my ass. I asked him how did he get fucked that
much? he said every day the owner does him in the AM & PM. He has some
friends that stop by regularly, some others come by for sex & pay him. He
said he gets fucked about 10 times a day & sucks about 20 cocks. Thats how
he makes his money..Next story is another In The Air Force. Story #9.

Write me at avesland@yahoo.com. I live somewhere south of Orlando. Could do
a meet-up for coffee or beer. Make sure you contribute often to Nifty.

http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

My other True stories: 1st, Starting Out-in Youth. 2nd, Being Screwed by
Ken-in Youth. 3rd, Fun With Hof-in Youth. 4th to 6th, Once In Love With
Harry #1, 2 & 3-in High School. 7th, Final High School Days-in High
School. 8th In The Air Force 1.