Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 12 Aug 2018 02:21:58 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 61

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories, please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty, please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Previous Chapter:

They all started to laugh and felt a bit of relief seeing that Aaron was
able to joke about everything.  Sean chimed in saying, "Well the nurses
where not the only ones that got to see your junk.  Grandma, Grandpa,
Linda, and our dads all got an eye full since they had to de-pants you to
find the snake bit and then as they carted you back in the Four-wheeler,
I'm sure your big old cock was just bouncing all around for all to see.
So, wish I was there to get that on video."

They all had a good laugh about Aaron's nakedness and there were a few more
jokes that went around before a nurse came in and said that she needed to
change Aaron's bandage.  The boys said their goodbyes and all gave Aaron a
hug before the left.  When they came back to the waiting area we all
decided that we would go for the night.  Steve and Maria went in to spend a
few minutes with Aaron and tell him that we would come back to see him
after church in the morning.


********** Chapter 61 **********

After we left the hospital, we stopped and got a couple of pizzas on the
way back out to the ranch.  Jose and the boys went down to check on the
horses since we didn't properly care for them when we got back with Aaron.
After that everyone was quick to shower and off to bed pretty quick.

The next morning, we were all up early and got a quick breakfast before
getting our morning chores done.  As soon as the boys walked up from the
barn, they were asking when we were going to the hospital to check on
Aaron.  Steve said, "As soon as you four get showered and out of those
smelly clothes."  After hearing that, they all took off running for the
showers.  There were no long relaxing showers today.  All four boys were
quick to wash their bodies and out of the showers as quick as they could,
so they could get ready to go see Aaron.

We arrived at the hospital and found Aaron to be doing much better.  Aaron
was awake and watching TV when we arrived.  We all visited for a few
minutes and then Steve and I went out in the lobby for a while so the boys
could have some time with Aaron.

The boys asked how he was feeling and Aaron said he was feeling fine, but
his leg was sore where he got bit.  Arron pulled off the bed sheet he was
under to show them the bite mark on his leg.  Andrew couldn't help but
notice that Aaron was still wearing nothing but the hospital gown, which
had slide up enough that he could just see the bottom of Aaron's nuts that
were almost touching the bed they were hanging so low.

All the other boys were transfixed on the snake bite mark, saying how cool
it was.  Connor reached out and poke it with his finger, asking "Does it
still hurt?"  Aaron jumped and yelled at Connor to quit poking it, saying,
"Yes it still hurts when you poke it like that you jerk!"  They all started
to laugh at Aaron's reaction. As the boys continued to ewe and augh over
Aaron's snake bite, Aaron noticed that Andrew's eyes were staring straight
at Aaron's crouch.  Aaron figured he have a little fun with Andrew. He
acted like he was moving to give the other guys a better view of his bite
mark, making his hospital gown move up a little bit more, giving Andrew a
better view of his nuts and making just the tip of his cock visible.  Aaron
could see a little smile on Andrew's face as he stared at Aaron's crouch.
Aaron looked down from Andrew's face and saw a bulge in the front of
Andrew's shorts.

As Aaron started having his fun with Andrew, he had to cover himself up
with the sheet as a nurse walked in to change out his IV bag saying, "Good
morning sunshine.  This should be the last bag of fluids that you need.
The doctor said we can try solid foods this afternoon if you feel up to it.
Once this bag is finished we can remove the IV so you can start using the
bathroom instead of having to pee in the bottle."  Of course, this caused
all the guys start making fun of Aaron not being able to get out of bed to
pee.

After the nurse left, Aaron figured he would have a little more fun with
Andrew.  Aaron asked, "Hey Andrew can you hand me that bottle over there?
I have to pee."  Andrew handed Aaron the bottle and then turned and started
to walk away.  Aaron had a big grin on his face saying, "No need to leave,
we have all seen each other's cocks before."  Andrew turned back around and
saw the other boys hadn't left the bed side as Aaron flipped back his sheet
and lifted his hospital gown exposing his now somewhat chubbed cock and
placed the tip of his dick in the bottle trying to relax so he could pee.
Aaron looked over at Connor laughing, "Can you hold the bottle for me?"
This caused them all to bust out laughing.  Aaron finished his business and
then handed the bottle back to Connor who held the bottle as far away from
his body as he could, before setting it down in the sink.  They were all
still laughing watching Connor.  Well everyone except Andrew that is.
Andrew was still starting at Aaron's huge cock.  Aaron took his time
pulling down his hospital gown, allowing Andrew to get a good look at his
growing cock.  Conner was standing next to Andrew and noticed him starring
at Aaron's growing cock.  Conner looked back up at Aaron, smiling, saying,
"I see the snake bite didn't suppress your teenage hormones."  Both Sean
and Colby noticed Aaron's cock growing as it moved up his left leg from its
nest between his legs.

Sean smiled saying, "Remember how you guys helped me out when I was in the
hospital?"  Arron and Colby both started to laugh.  Conner and Andrew both
looked at the them with a puzzled look on their face since they didn't have
a clue what they were talking about.  Sean figured he should let them in on
their secret.  Sean looked over at Conner and Andrew saying, "When I was in
the hospital, I hadn't been able to jack off or anything, so as Aaron kept
watch at the door, Colby helped me out with a nice hand job."

Andrew just stood there with his mouth hanging open.  Sean laughed, saying,
"Hey we all need a helping hand now and then.  We are all more like
brothers anyway."  Conner said, "So that's why you insisted that I go with
our dads to get the food that day.  Wow you are such a perv."

Colby looked at Sean and then Aaron, with a big smile on his face, saying,
"It's getting close to lunch time, should I ask our dads to go get us some
burgers for lunch?"  Aaron said with a huge smile on his face, "I could
sure use a helping hand.  It would be hard to get off with this IV in my
arm."

Connor almost yelled, "I'm not going with them this time!"

Aaron said, "You can all stay."

Sean went out and told us that Aaron asked if we would go get us burgers
for lunch because he hated the hospital food.  Steve and I agreed and went
into Aaron's room to get everyone's order.  As Steve was writing everyone's
order down on a napkin, I couldn't help but notice the mischievous looks
all the boys had on their faces.  I had a feeling that they were up to
something but wasn't sure what.

Steve and I headed out to get the burgers.  As we passed the nurses
station, I told them where we were going and that we would be right back.
I also told them if any of the boys gave them any trouble they could ask
them to wait for us in the lobby.  The nurse smiled and said, "They all
seem to be fine young men, I'm sure they won't be any problem at all.  I'll
stop in and check on them in a couple of minutes."

Back in Aaron's room, the boys were trying to figure out who should be the
look out.  Andrew almost volunteered but couldn't get nerve to say
anything.  He was already hard as a rock with just the thought of getting
to see Aaron get jacked off by one of his brothers.  Sean spoke up, saying,
me and Colby will be the lookouts.  We had our little fun when I was in the
hospital.  Plus, I know that Connor enjoys playing with Aaron's cock.  Yep
that's right, I've seen you two guys play around before."

Aaron looked over at Connor and asked, "Are you cool with this?  You don't
have to if you don't want to."

Connor just smiled, "You know I'd like to."

Sean and Colby went to the door and Sean opened it just enough that he
could see the nurses station and could see that Aaron's nurse was sitting
at the desk.

Aaron pulled up his hospital gown to uncover his hard cock.  Connor leaned
over the bed and took hold of Aaron's dick, giving it a nice hard squeeze
before he started to move his hand up and down the seven-inch shaft.  Aaron
leaned back and closed his eyes, enjoying the sensation of another person's
hand on his hard cock.  Connor looked over at Andrew who was standing on
the other side of the bed, transfixed on his hand running up and down
Aaron's cock.

Aaron started to moan a little.  Sean kept checking the hallway to make
sure that the cost was clear.  Colby was watching Connor jack Aaron more
than being a good look out.  Connor looked back and forth between Aaron and
Andrew.  Aaron was clearly enjoying the hand job as Connor noticed Aaron's
cock felt even harder than when he started.  Connor noticed a small tube of
petroleum jelly, sitting on the night stand next to the bed.  Connor
stopped stroking Aaron just long enough to squeeze out a bit of lube on his
dick.  Connor used his palm to spread it over the head of Aaron's cock
before he started stroking again.  Aaron moaned a little louder as the lube
increased the sensation on his cock.

Connor looked over at Andrew and moved his free hand to get his attention.
Andrew looked Connor who said, "Play with his balls so he will cum faster."

Andrew was in shock but mustered the courage to move his hand to Aaron's
balls.  Andrew was amazed at how big Aaron's balls felt.  He moved them
around in his hand, gently squeezing them.  Aaron moaned his approval.

Connor then reached down and took hold of Andrew's hand and moved it up to
Aaron's cock.  Andrew wrapped his hand around the huge shaft and with some
assistance from Connor's hand he started to stroke the shaft.  He couldn't
believe, what he was doing.

Connor removed his hand from Andrew and let his hand move down to fondle
Aaron's balls.  Andrew was transfixed on his hand moving up and down the
shaft of Aaron's hard cock.  Andrew would stroke all the way over the head
of Aaron's cock using long slow strokes.  Aaron looked over at Andrew and
watched the younger boy stroke his hard cock.  Aaron reached down and
grabbed Andres hand by the wrist and made him stroke faster.  Connor was
still caressing Aaron's balls and could feel them contracting up to Aaron's
body, signaling that he was getting close to shooting.

Aaron held on to Andrew's wrist to encourage him to keep stroking his hard
cock faster and faster.  Aaron started to moan more and more and then
arched his back as he started to shoot rope after rope of his boy juice all
over his chest and stomach.  Andrew couldn't believe his eyes and as he
watched in wander as Aaron's white cum shoot out landing on Aaron's chest.
Andrew could feel the throbbing of Aaron's cock with each shot of cum blew
out of that hard cock.

Andrew kept stroking as the throbbing subsided and the cum dribbled down
the side of Aaron's softening cock on to his hand.  Connor was ready with
come moist baby wipes to help Aaron with the cleanup.  Andrew went into the
bathroom and quickly pulled out his rock-hard cock.  Using Aaron's cum as
lube, Andrew only had to stroke his cock two or three times before he was
blowing his own load into the toilet.

When Andrew came back out the other three boys were standing around Aaron's
bed.  Aaron looked at Andrew saying, "Thanks man, that felt amazing!".
Andrew blushed bright red.  Just then the nurse walked in and saw all the
boys smiling.  She wandered what they had been up to before she walked in.
She said, "I got the order from your doctor, saying that if you can keep
lunch down, we can discharge you later this afternoon."  Aaron smiled
saying, "Awesome, I'm so looking forward to this hamburger our dads are
bringing and can't wait to get out of this hospital bed!"

About thirty minutes later, Steve and I returned with the food.  We had
Aaron call his parents to let them know he was going to be discharged.  All
the boys devoured their meals in under two minutes.

We hung out at the hospital most the day waiting on Aaron to be released.
His parents arrived just before Aaron was released.  Aaron was told to take
it easy for the next few days and to check back with his doctor as soon as
he could.  Aaron went home with is parents.  I could tell our four boys
were disappointed Aaron was not coming home with us.  As we were all
leaving, Aaron told the boy he would be over the following day.


THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 21 Mar 2017 03:55:27 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 60

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories, please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty, please
consider donating so their work can continue.

http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

It only took Jose and me about ten minutes to make it to the pond.  We
slowed down to a walk as we got close to the big shade tree where the boys
like to hang out.  We didn't see Aaron anywhere around the tree so Jose
started to call out his name.  The ground was still pretty soft due to the
recent rains, so it was easy to find the horse prints leading in the
direction of where the fence was broken.  I was behind Jose as we rode
along the fence line.  About five minutes later my heart sank as I saw
Aaron lying on the ground about twenty feet away from the fence line right
where he was working.

***********
Chapter 60
***********

Jose and I jumped down off our horses and ran over to where Arron was
lying.  As I ran up, I noticed a lot of woof prints in the ground, kind of
in a big circle around were Arron was lying.  When we reached Arron, I
could see he was breathing but unconscious.  I looked over his body looking
for some kind of trauma but didn't see any obvious signs of injuries.
Arron just looked like he had fallen asleep.  I started looking more
closely and that's when I noticed the blood on the ground near his head.  I
gently felt his head and as I went toward the back of his head I felt the
blood.  Jose saw the blood on my hands when I pulled them back and said
something in Spanish that I didn't understand.

I had Jose kneel at Arron's head and hold his head still as I started
feeling my way down Arron's body looking for any signs of any other
injuries.  I could hear the four-wheeler coming down the trail.  I was glad
to see it was just Steve when he came around the bend.

When Steve came to my side, I was looking at my cell phone and saw we were
in a dead zone.  I was relieved when I saw that Steve had a ranch radio
with him.  I told him to call back to the mess hall and tell them that we
found Arron and that he is unconscious but is breathing and it looks like
he has a head injury from hitting his head on a rock.  Steve told me that
Maria had already called the sheriff.  I told him to make sure they had an
ambulance on the way also.

As Steve was calling Maria on the ranch radio, I noticed the horses were
acting strangely, pawing at the ground and neighing a lot as they moved
around us.  Jose seemed to want to get up and tend to the horses so I had
Steve take his place once he got off the radio with Maria.

Jose got the horses secured and started to walk around looking around on
the ground in the area around where all the hoof prints were.  I had Steve
gently lift Aarons head so I could get a better look at Arron's head wound.
I didn't see or feel anything other than a good size cut on his head. I
wrapped a towel that Steve brought with him, around Arron's head to control
the bleeding. As I was doing this I was watching Jose move around the tree
looking at the ground and was trying to figure out what he was looking for.

Just as I got the towel secured, I heard Jose say something in Spanish
again and saw him holding something up in the air, as he was yelling
something in Spanish.  I guess Steve didn't hear Jose or couldn't
understand him since he only speaks a little Spanish.  Jose came running
over to us still yelling something in Spanish and started pulling off
Arron's boots.  I think he realized that Steve and I didn't understand what
he was saying and he began speaking in English saying, "Rattle Snake!
Rattle Snake!"

I realized Jose was holding up a rattle snake and knew that we needed to
check Arron for a snake bite.  Jose had gotten Arron's boots off and I
started to undo Arron's jeans.  Steve was giving me a strange look and I
realized he hadn't seen Jose hold up the snake and I hadn't told him what
was going on.  As I continued to undo Arron's jeans and belt I said, "Jose
found a dead rattle snake over by the tree.  We need to check Arron for a
snake bite."

Steve was still holding Arron's head while Jose started to pull Aaron's
jeans off from his feet.  Once he had them off, I started looking up and
down both of Aaron's legs, looking for a snake bit mark.  I didn't see
anything on the front side of his legs.  With Steve holding Arron's head,
we carefully rolled Aaron over on his right side and I saw a large red mark
on the back of his right leg, just below his knee.

I said, "Found it!  Looks like a pretty large bite.  Let's roll him back on
his back and set him up.  We need to get his heart above the snake bite."
I had been so focused on looking for a snake bite I didn't even realize
that Aaron wasn't wearing any underwear and was now naked from the waist
down except for his socks.  Steve and I looked at each other and both knew
the other was thinking, "Damn, Aaron has a nice cock!"


I had to shake my head to get focused again.  "Let's get him into the
four-wheeler, we need to get him to the hospital as soon as we can.  Steve,
keep his head still and Jose and I will lift his body into the back of the
four-wheeler."  Once we had Aaron in the back of the four-wheeler, with
Steve stabilizing his head and neck, I jumped in the driver's seat and
started back toward the mess hall.  I grabbed the radio to let Maria know
what was going on, "Maria, we are on our way back with Aaron. Let the EMS
guys know that he was bitten by a rattle snake on the back of his lower
right leg.  He is still unconscious but his breathing is stable now and he
has a pretty good size cut on the back of his head."

Maria answered, "The ambulance is pulling up now.  I will let the know.
Hurry back."

It only took us a few minutes to get back and the EMS guys were ready for
us.  Maria, Linda, and the boys were all standing right by the ambulance.
Maria and Linda held the boys back so the EMS crew could do their job
without them getting in the way.  All four had tears running down their
faces.  Once EMS had Aaron in the ambulance, Steve and I went over to the
boys and assured them that Aaron was going to be ok.  Sean was holding
Colby and Conner and Andrew jumped into our arms.

Jose just put our horses in the corral and came running up just as they
were about to leave for the hospital.  Jose hugged Maria before saying,
"Mike, you and Steve take the boys in your truck and Maria, Linda and I
will follow in my truck."  It took us a couple of minutes to get the boys
calmed down and get them moving to my truck.  All four boys jumped in the
back seat before Steve and I could get into the front.  Jose spoke with the
sheriff deputy and shook his hand thanking him for coming out as Maria and
Linda went to get their purses, and but Max inside.

Once we were headed to the hospital, I looked over at Steve and asked him
to call Aaron's parents to let them know what had happened.  The boys were
very quiet during the ride to the hospital.  I said, "Guys, once we get
there we won't be able to go in and see Aaron until they have him set up in
his room.  Once that happens, I'll see if we can get you guys into see him,
ok?"  They all just shook their head but didn't say anything.  "You guys
don't need to worry; I know the hospital has anti venom for rattle snakes
for just this kind of thing."

It took us about thirty minutes to get to the hospital.  We parked and all
walked into the emergency waiting room.  I went and spoke with the nurse at
the check in desk and told her who we were.  As a police office, I know
most of the emergency room staff, so she told me to go on back.  I went
back to Steve and the boys to let them know that I was going to go back and
check in with the doctor and see how long it would be before we can get
into see Aaron.

I went back and found Aaron in a trauma room with an IV hooked up and a
bandage on his head.  I asked the nurse how he was doing.  She said, "He's
doing fine.  We already started the anti-venom in his IV.  All his vital
signs are returning to normal.  The doctor has ordered a CT Scan due to the
head wound.  Once he is back from that we will stitch up his head.  I think
he will be fine."

I went up to Aaron's bed side and took his hand in mine as I leaned down to
whisper in his ear, "Aaron, your mom and dad are on the way.  Steve and the
boys are out in the lobby.  We are all here for you and we all love you.
You rest and let the docs take good care of you."  I kissed him on the
forehead and as I was about to let go of his hand I felt his hand squeeze
mine a little.  I looked back at his face and saw him trying to open his
eyes.  I leaned back down to his ear, "You scared the crap out of us young
man.  You rest and let the docs take care of you.  I'll bring the boys back
to see you as soon as the doc says I can."  Aaron squeezed my again before
I had to step back so the nurses could get him to the CT scan.

I told the nurse that he had squeezed my hand and tried to open his eyes.
She smiled and said, "He's looks to be a strong young man.  He will be just
fine.".  I went back to the lobby to give everyone an update, and saw
Aaron's parents and younger brother walking in.  I went over to them and
told them that Aaron was fine as I walked them over to the rest of our
group.  "I just saw Aaron.  He squeezed by hand and tried to open his eyes.
They have him on an IV with the anti-venom and just took him to have a CT
scan done since he hit his head.  He is going to be fine, but I'm sure they
will want to keep in here for a day or two to keep an eye on him."

Everyone started to hug everyone with a huge sigh of relief on their faces.
It wasn't long before the nurse came out and told us they were moving Aaron
to a regular room and once he was settled in, we could see him.  We all
moved up to the waiting area where his room was and about twenty minutes
later another nurse came out to let us know that we could go in but only a
few at a time.  Of course, we let his parent and brother go in first while
the rest of use stayed out in the waiting room.

After a bit, Aaron's parents came out and said Aaron was fine but kept
falling asleep on them.  I hadn't realized how late it had become with all
that was going on.  I looked at Steve saying, "Let's let the boys go in and
see him for a few minutes so we can get them back home before it gets too
late."  I talked to the nurse and got permission to let all four boys go in
at once but for just a few minutes.

The boys all went into Aaron's room and saw that his eyes were closed and
his head was bandaged.  Sean and Colby stood at the end of the bed as
Connor and Andrew stood next to the bed on either side.  Connor whispered
to Aaron to see if he was awake.  They all smiled when Aaron opened his
eyes and tried to smile back.  Sean said, "Man you scared the crap out of
us when your horse showed up without you!"  Aaron said, "Sorry, he reared
up when he saw the snake and I ended up on the ground.  My horse ran off a
bit and that's when I saw the snake and as I turned to get away, I felt
something hit my leg hard and I fell.  Next thing I know I'm waking up in
the emergency room, naked with all these nurses standing around me."

They all started to laugh and felt a bit of relief seeing that Aaron was
able to joke about everything.  Sean chimed in saying, "Well the nurses
where not the only ones that got to see your junk.  Grandma, Grandpa,
Linda, and our dads all got an eye full since they had to de-pants you to
find the snake bit and then as they carted you back in the Four-wheeler,
I'm sure your big old cock was just bouncing all around for all to see.
So, wish I was there to get that on video."

They all had a good laugh about Aaron's nakedness and there were a few more
jokes that went around before a nurse came in and said that she needed to
change Aaron's bandage.  The boys said their goodbyes and all gave Aaron a
hug before the left.  When they came back to the waiting area we all
decided that we would go for the night.  Steve and Maria went in to spend a
few minutes with Aaron and tell him that we would come back to see him
after church in the morning.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Wed, 19 Oct 2016 18:14:56 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve  Chapter 59

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty, please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

A short time later the boys were back up at the main house and we all made
short work of unloading the last truck of stuff. Once we were done the boys
asked if they could go for a ride before dinner.  They all went down to the
barn and started to get their horses saddled up.  Colby and Connor helped
Andrew with his horse.  Since Andrew had never ridden a horse before, they
took several laps around the corral.  Jose, Steve and I were watching from
the fence.  Aaron stopped next to us and asked if it was ok if they rode
out by the pond, saying they would take it nice and slow for Andrew.  Jose
said, "Sounds like a good idea.  I think there is a broken wire on the
fence near the pond so you can take some tools and wire with you so you can
repair it while you're out there.  Also, keep an eye on the weather: there
might be a storm or two later this afternoon."

Jose got Aaron the tools and wire that he might need to fix the fence and
then we watched them leave the corral with Connor and Colby right next to
Andrew and Sean and Aaron just in front of them.  Jose said, "I think that
boy is in good hands.  I'm headed back to the mess hall to find me some
iced tea.  You two want to join me?"  After getting us a nice tall glass of
iced tea we all settled into a rocking chair on the porch of the mess hall
enjoying the view and awesome weather as we waited for the boys to return.

***********
Chapter 59
***********

A short time later Linda and Maria retuned from town.  They showed us the
clothes that they had bought for Andrew.  Everything was about the same as
what the other boys wear, but a few sizes smaller.  They took everything
back to the bunk house and placed them next to Andrew's back pack and then
came back to the mess hall to join us on the front porch.  We spent the
next couple of hours, talking back and forth about Andrew and other things.
Maria mentioned how she thought that Andrew admired Aaron and saw him
staring at Aaron several times.

The boys made it out to the pond and got off their horses, tying them up
under the big shade tree.  They showed Andrew around a bit, making sure
Andrew walked around some to stretch his legs out.  They all remembered how
much pain they were in after their first horse ride.  They spent a good
hour roaming around the pond as a group, before coming back to the shade
tree, laying down in the tall grass.  Andrew was in heaven.  He had never
felt so a part of a family, even after only spending one day with Connor's
family.  Aaron was lying next to Connor with Andrew on the other side of
Connor.  Aaron asked Andrew, "Hey Andrew, how long have you been at that
foster home?

Andrew answered, "About two years."

Aaron replied, "Wow, it's funny. I don't live that far from you and I don't
remember ever seeing you around the neighborhood."

Andrew said, "I was never really allowed to go anywhere other than school.
I had to pretty much stay at home."

Connor said, "Yeah, I tried to get him to come spend the night at our house
but he could never get permission from his foster mom."

Colby said, "Well you're in a great foster home now.  Steve and Mike are
really cool guys.  And you have some really cool brothers too."

They all laughed a bit at Colby's statement and threw a few sticks in his
direction.  Colby asked, "Andrew, do you know anything about your real
parents?"

Andrew was quiet for a couple of minutes before he answered, "Not really.
I have been in foster homes as long as I can remember.  I overheard my case
worker tell one of my foster parents that both my parents were heavy drug
users and weren't able to care for themselves - let alone care for a baby -
so they took me away from them."

Sean answered for the rest of them, "Damn dude that really sucks.  We are
sorry that happened to you."

Andrew thanked them, saying, "Well, things tend to work out.  Because if
none of that ever happened, I would have never met you guys and had got to
stay in a really cool place like this ranch."

They all just laid there for a bit relaxing when they all heard a roll of
thunder in the distance.  Aaron got up and walked out and saw some black
clouds in the distance.  Aaron said, "Hey guys, that storm looks like it's
heading straight for us so we better get back."

They gathered up the horses and saddled up.  As they were about to leave,
Aaron remembered Jose had asked him to fix a broken wire on the fence just
up the trail from the pond.  Aaron said, "You guys go ahead and start back.
I'm going to check this fence real fast and I'll catch up to you guys."

As Aaron rode off in the other direction the four of them started back to
the corral, again taking their time with one on either side of Andrew and
the other in front.  Aaron found the broken wire Jose told him about and
got some wire and to make a temporary fix, but it still took him about
twenty minutes to get it fixed.  As he was working on the fence he could
hear the thunder getting closer and closer.

We were still sitting on the porch and could hear the storm approaching.  I
could see that Maria was getting worried since the boys were still out.  I
told her, "Don't worry.  I'm sure they are on the way back in and should be
back any time."

It was only about a 30 min ride back from the pond so I knew it shouldn't
be long.  Just a few minutes later I saw Sean break the tree line and stop.
Then I saw the others, Andrew, flanked by Connor and Colby, walk out from
the tree line.  Sean stayed near the tree line and kept looking back at the
trail as the other kept coming toward the corral.

About that time a loud clap of thunder rolled in across the valley.  I saw
that the boys' horses were a little startled and Connor and Colby were
right up next to Andrew ready to help him if needed.  Jose stood up and
stood there watching the boys for a couple of minutes before saying, "I
think we are in for a good little storm.  I'm going to go down to the barn
and help the boys out."

Steve and I joined Jose.  I could see a little concern on his face and he
seemed to be walking a little faster than normal.  As we reached the
corral, Colby, Andrew and Connor had just made it to the gate.  Jose opened
the gate for them and asked, "Where is Aaron?"

Connor said, "He went to fix the fence when we heard the thunder start.  He
told us to start back and he would catch up."

Jose didn't answer but just looked back at Sean who was still waiting at
the tree line.  I could see that Sean kept looking back at us and then back
at the trail.  Jose whistled and motioned for him to come to the corral.
Steve and I helped the other boys get their horses unsaddled and get their
gear put away.  I walked back out to where Jose was waiting.  When Sean got
to the gate, Jose asked, "Did you see Aaron up the trail?"

Sean said, "No sir and he should have caught up by know."  I could see the
worry on Sean's face as he climbed down off his horse.  Jose took the reins
to Sean's horse, saying, "Do you have your cell phone?"

Sean said he did.  Jose, said, "Call Aaron."

Sean called Aaron's phone but after ringing five times it went to his voice
mail.  Sean looked at me and then at Jose, saying "He didn't answer."

Jose said, "Try again."

Again Sean dialed his number and got no answer.  Sean looked up almost
yelling, "There's his horse!"  Jose and I looked down toward the tree line
and saw Aaron's horse running up the trail toward the corral.  Jose handed
me the reins to Sean's horse.  Aaron's horse slowed to a walk just as it
got to the gate.  Jose walked to him and was able to grab the reins but the
horse kept pulling him back.

The other boys and Steve had walked down to the gate by this time.  Jose
looked at me saying, "Jump on Sean's horse.  Steve we are going back to the
pond.  Get the Gadder and meet us there."  Jose was climbing on Aaron's
horse as he was saying this.  Both Jose and I took off on horseback at a
pretty good speed as Steve and the boys ran back to the mess hall where the
Gadder was parked.  When they got there, Linda and Maria were standing on
the porch.  Maria asked, "What's wrong?"

Steve replied, "I don't know.  Aaron sent the boys back ahead of him when
they heard the thunder, saying he would catch up after he fixed the fence
but he never caught up to them and then his horse came back without him.
Jose and Mike are headed back to the pond on horseback and I'm taking the
Gadder out there."

Maria took charge saying, "Sean, go in the mess hall and grab the radio for
your dad.  You other three get out of that Gadder and get up here with me."

Of course the boys all started to say they wanted to go with me but Maria
but a stop to that saying, "Boys I wasn't asking.  Get up here now!  Steve,
take the radio with you in case your cell phone doesn't work."

Sean came running out of the mess hall with the radio handing it to Maria.
Maria said, "We will be waiting here by the radio.  Call as soon as you get
there.  I'm calling the sheriff just in case."

I looked at the boys as I started the Gadder saying, "Don't worry guys.
I'm sure Aaron is fine and it was just the storm that scared his horse
off."

In my heart I knew that wasn't true.  I saw the way Aaron's horse seemed to
pull Jose trying to get him to go back to the pond.  I knew something was
wrong.

It only took Jose and me about ten minutes to make it to the pond.  We
slowed down to a walk as we got close to the big shade tree where the boys
like to hang out.  We didn't see Aaron anywhere around the tree so Jose
started to call out his name.  The ground was still pretty soft due to the
recent rains, so it was easy to find the horse prints leading in the
direction of where the fence was broken.  I was behind Jose as we rode
along the fence line.  About five minutes later my heart sank as I saw
Aaron lying on the ground about twenty feet away from the fence line right
where he was working.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Wed, 1 Jun 2016 22:55:45 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 58

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty, please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

They both finished showering and then walked back to their sleeping bags,
Connor naked and Andrew following in his boxers.  All the other boys were
already in their sleeping bags talking about school stuff and the swim
team.  It wasn't long before they were all sound asleep except Andrew.
Andrew couldn't get the picture of Aaron's hot body and big cock out of his
mind.  Andrew's hand automatically went down to his own small dick and
started rubbing it.  Andrew was amazed at how hard his dick was over
another guy's body.  This was something he had never experienced before.

**********
Chapter 58
**********

Andrew finally fell asleep after laying there for what seemed like hours
thinking about Aaron's body and how big his dick was.  Andrew actually said
a short prayer asking that he would someday have a big cock like Aaron's.

The next morning, Steve and I were up before any of the boys.  Of course,
Maria and Linda were both already in the kitchen of the chow hall making us
all breakfast.  Steve and I walked in and poured ourselves a cup of coffee
and then sat on the front porch of the chow hall enjoying the morning
quiet.

After we finished our coffee, we went to the ranch hand house to wake the
boys.  We found Colby and Sean curled up together in one sleeping bag, with
Arron close by in his bag.  Connor and Andrew were both in their own
sleeping bags in another corner.  Of course we let Max in to do the waking.
I think waking up the boys was Max's favorite part of the day.

Steve and I laughed as Max ran from one boy to another, licking their
faces, waking them from their deep sleep. Steve yelled, "Up and at `em
boys.  We have a lot of work to get done today.  Breakfast is in fifteen
minutes sharp."

With that, the boys started moaning and stretching.  We both noticed Aaron
had a nice size tent going on as he stretched his body.  Steve and I left
the boys to their morning routines.  Soon they were all walking to the
bathroom to relieve themselves, all with their morning wood leading the
way.  Andrew stayed in his bag as he watched all the other boys walk to the
bathroom with their hard-ons leading the way like it was nothing out of the
ordinary.  Andrew reached down and found his rock-hard dick sticking out of
his boxers and stroked it a few times.  As the other boys came out, Andrew
finally forced himself out of his sleeping bag and walked as fast as he
could to the bathroom holding his hard-on down so no one could see it.
Andrew had to stand there for a few minutes waiting for his hard-on to
subside some before he could force himself to pee.  When he walked out into
the main room, he saw everyone was almost dressed.  Connor smiled at him,
"How did you sleep?  You better hurry and get dressed - Grandpa don't like
it when we are late for meals."

Andrew dressed in the same clothes he wore the day before as fast as he
could.  He had to run out without tying his shoes to catch up to the rest
of them.  All five walked in just as Jose was pulling up to the chow hall
in his truck.  Jose smiled to himself as he saw them all walking up the
stairs.  He and Maria had missed so much of Sean and Connor's lives because
of Steve being in the military and also because of how their daughter had
tried to keep them out of her life.  His hope now was that he will be able
to see them each and every day the good Lord allowed him to stay on this
earth.

Jose had to force the smile off his face as he walked into the chow hall.
He did have a reputation to keep.  After getting himself a cup of coffee
and kissing Maria on the cheek, he cleared his throat and gave a quick
blessing.

The boys all walked over to the serving line and helped themselves to all
the fixings Maria and Linda had prepared.  Andrew was at the end of the
line of boys, so Maria walked up to him and put a few extra pieces of bacon
and another scoop of eggs on his plate, saying, "You're going to need that
energy today, so eat as much as you like.  We are going to have to work on
putting some more meat on those bones of yours if you're going to be
working out here on the ranch."

Andrew smiled but didn't say anything.  He wasn't used to getting this much
to eat all day, let alone just at breakfast.  Andrew sat down next to
Connor, who was sitting across from Aaron.  Aaron looked over at Andrew and
smiled.  Andrew blushed, looking down at his plate, not knowing what to do.

After breakfast, everyone went to work unloading all the boxes that we had
packed.  Most of the stuff were things that we wouldn't unpack until we got
completely moved.  We took our time and tried to organize things so we
wouldn't have to move things several times.

About midmorning my phone rang and it was Mrs. Johnson from the CPS office.
She told me about her visit to Andrew's foster home.  She told me that she
was in the process of looking for other foster homes for the three girls
that were placed there.  She also asked me if I was still willing to take
Andrew into our care.  Of course I told her that we would.  I learned that
Andrew had only one or two changes of clothing, and slept on an old
mattress in a room that was more of a closet then a bed room.  Mrs. Johnson
said not only had the foster mother been terminated and banned from ever
being a foster parent again, they were also considering criminal charges
because of the poor conditions they found.

After I got off the phone with Mrs. Johnson, I pulled Steve off to the side
and told him what I had found out.  I hadn't even told him the whole story
before he told me that Andrew would be staying with us.  I gave him a big
hug and kiss just as the boys walked into the chow hall for lunch.  Of
course we got a few, cat calls and a "Go get a room" remark from the boys.
All in fun of course.

Maria and Linda had a nice lunch for us.  As we all ate our lunch, I told
them and Jose about Andrew's situation and then told them that he would be
staying with us for the foreseeable future.  Linda and Maria said they
would go into town to get him some new clothes while we finished unpacking
our stuff.  Steve said," We were hoping you would offer to do that for us.
We found out that Andrew has nothing but the clothes on his back."

Maria's eyes filled with tears and said, "We will get him a few changes of
clothes and something for church tomorrow."

The boys were finishing up their lunch on the other side of the room.  I
asked Steve if he thought we should let the boys know now or wait.  We
decided that telling Andrew first alone and then the other boys would be
best.

Once the boys finished, they were going to head down to the barn to tend to
the horses before coming back up to finish moving the stuff we had left to
unload.  They were all putting their dishes in the dishwasher, so I asked
Andrew if I could talk with him outside for a minute.  As we stepped
outside Steve stalled the other boys asking them to help Maria and Linda
put everything away.  He then stepped outside with Andrew and me.

I asked Andrew if he was enjoying himself and he said, "Sir, this is the
most fun I've ever had."

I smiled and messed his hair up, "I'm really glad you're having a good
time.  Steve and I wanted to talk to you about something.  Connor told us
that you have had a tough time.  When we talked to your foster mom about
your spending the weekend out here, I didn't have a good feeling about how
you were being cared for."  Andrew was now looking down at his feet and got
real quiet.

I continued, "So I asked a friend of mine who works with CPS to stop in and
check with your foster mom and we found out that you and the other kids
there were not being cared for like you should be.  I just talked with
Mrs. Johnson and she told me that she is looking for other foster homes for
the other girls and asked Steve and me if we would like to take you into
our home.  Not sure if you know or not, but Colby is also a foster child in
our care.  We wanted to know if you would like to stay here with us?"

Andrew looked up with tears rolling down his face, "Yes sir, I would like
that."

Steve pulled Andrew into him, giving him a hug saying, "Welcome to the
family.  We are really glad that you said yes.  We know you and Connor have
become really good friends.  Let's go inside and let the rest of the family
know that you are going to be staying with us for now on."

Andrew didn't say anything and looked a little embarrassed as we walked
back in.  Maria saw us come back in and told everyone to get out of her
kitchen.  All the boys walked back into the dining area and just stopped
and looked at us and Andrew, knowing something was going on.

Steve said, "Hey guys, Mike and I just found out that Andrew's foster
mother can no longer care for him, so we have asked him to come stay with
us and he said he thought that would be very cool.  So he is no longer a
guest here but part of the family."

Connor was the first to come over to Andrew and pat him on the shoulder
with a big grin on his face saying, "Welcome to the family!"  Colby and
Sean were right behind, followed by Aaron.  Linda was there with a
measuring tape to take down some measurements and get his shoe size.  She
gave him a big hug and asked him what his favorite meal was, saying that
they would fix his favorite meal for dinner as this was a celebration.  I
don't even think Andrew knew that Linda had taken his measurements while
they were talking.

Aaron spoke up and saying, "Come on you guys, we have to tend the horses
and our new brother needs to pick out a horse for himself."

The boys all walked out followed by Jose.  As they walked down to the barn,
Jose put his hand on Andrew's shoulder asking, "Welcome to the family, son.
Now, have you ever ridden a horse before?'

Andrew sheepishly said, "No sir.  They actually scare me a little."

Jose laughed, "Well boy, you're going to have to get used to them if you're
going to be living on this ranch.  I think I know just the horse for you."

All the other boys started tending to their horses while Jose and Andrew
walked out into the corral.  Andrew stayed right next to Jose, as the
horses walked around them.  Jose pointed out a brown and white horse
looking at them saying, "That is Blanco. He is very gentle and easy to
handle."  Jose made a little sound and Blanco started to walk over to them.
Jose held out his hand with a little bit of grain in it and as Blanco
stopped a few feet from them he walked up to him with his hand held out so
Blanco could eat the grain from his hand.  Jose was patting him on the side
of the neck and told Andrew to come closer.  Blanco just watched Andrew as
he walked right up next to Jose.  Jose took Andrew's hand and pulled it up
to Blanco's neck and had Andrew pet him as Blanco smelled Andrew.  Jose
laughed saying, "I think you two are a good match.  Come on let's go find a
saddle that will fit you."

As they walked back to the barn, Blanco followed right behind them.  Andrew
kept looking back, still a little nervous.  Blanco followed them into the
barn and stopped just inside.  Jose grabbed a saddle and set it on a
sawhorse and told Andrew to jump up on it.  Jose grabbed Andrew by the
waist and moved him around a little then told him to get down and went and
got another saddle.  Andrew jumped back up and Jose moved him around a
little and said, "I think that is about the smallest saddle we got.  I
guess it will have to do until you get some meat on those bones of yours."
Jose adjusted the stirrups for him and then yelled for Connor.  "Show this
boy how to tend to his horse.  Once you all are done, get your butts back
up to the house so we can finish unloading that last truck."

The boys all helped Andrew with Blanco and showed him all the things they
needed to do to tend to the other horses.  Connor went around and showed
Andrew everyone's horse and explained that they all had to care for their
own horse and then how they worked as a team to take care of all the other
horses.

A short time later the boys were back up at the main house and we all made
short work of unloading the last truck of stuff. Once we were done the boys
asked if they could go for a ride before dinner.  They all went down to the
barn and started to get their horses saddled up.  Colby and Connor helped
Andrew with his horse.  Since Andrew had never ridden a horse before, they
took several laps around the corral.  Jose, Steve and I were watching from
the fence.  Aaron stopped next to us and asked if it was ok if they rode
out by the pond, saying they would take it nice and slow for Andrew.  Jose
said, "Sounds like a good idea.  I think there is a broken wire on the
fence near the pond so you can take some tools and wire with you so you can
repair it while you're out there.  Also, keep an eye on the weather: there
might be a storm or two later this afternoon."

Jose got Aaron the tools and wire that he might need to fix the fence and
then we watched them leave the corral with Connor and Colby right next to
Andrew and Sean and Aaron just in front of them.  Jose said, "I think that
boy is in good hands.  I'm headed back to the mess hall to find me some
iced tea.  You two want to join me?"  After getting us a nice tall glass of
iced tea we all settled into a rocking chair on the porch of the mess hall
enjoying the view and awesome weather as we waited for the boys to return.


THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Mon, 1 Feb 2016 00:51:57 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Findiing Steve  Chapter 57

***********
Chapter 57
***********

Everyone spent a couple hours each night packing up the stuff we didn't
need.  Our three boys had most of their rooms packed up the first week.
The only stuff they didn't pack is the clothes they wore to school and of
course their computers and game systems.  If they had their way, we would
be living out at the ranch now.  By the end of the first week we had a
couple of pick-up loads all boxed up and ready to take out to the ranch.
We made plans to meet after everyone got home from work and school on
Friday to get as much as we could load into our vehicles.

As the week went by I noticed we were going through lunch meat, cheese, and
other lunch stuff a lot faster than normal.  It seemed like we were feeding
an extra two boys each day.  I was starting to get concerned.  Since I went
to work before the boys went to school I decided to follow them to school
one morning.  As always, Aaron would show up at our house to pick up our
three boys and then he would stop off at the middle school to drop Connor
off.

As soon as Connor jumped out of Aarons jeep, he ran over to a boy I had
never seen before.  Connor did the fist pump thing the boys do now days
with this kid and then they started to walk up to the front of the school.
Just as I was about to pull away, I saw Connor take a sack out of his back
pack and hand it to the boy.  I also noticed the boy seemed to very skinny
and looked like he was wearing clothes that were four sizes too big for
him.  Then the light bulb went off.  Connor was helping this kid by taking
him lunch every day.  I felt so proud when I saw this and called Steve to
tell him what our boy is doing.

Steve and I agreed that we wouldn't say anything to Connor and just let him
continue to do what he was doing.  We figured he would come to us if he
thought he needed to tell us.  Thursday evening as we were eating dinner
and making our plans for taking our stuff out to the ranch, Connor asked if
he could bring a friend out to help.  Of course we said it was ok.  Connor
said, "Cool, his name is Andrew, and I will have him walk home from school
with me tomorrow."

Steve said, "Just make sure that he has his parents phone number so we can
call them before we leave."

Connor kind of looked down to the floor, saying, "I don't think he has any
parents.  He lives in a foster home and I don't think he is treated very
well there."

Steve added, "We will still need to speak to his foster parent to make sure
they are ok with him spending the weekend out at the ranch.  How is he not
being treated well there?"

Connor answered, "I will make sure he has the number with him.  I don't
think he gets much to eat and he never has a lunch at school.  I hope you
don't mind but I started to make him a sack lunch every day and would give
it to him before school.  I didn't like watching him sitting in the lunch
room each day with nothing to eat while everyone else ate their lunch.

I told him that it was fine with us that he had been taking Andrew lunch.
"In fact, we are very proud of you for doing that."  Connor blushed a
little bit and of course Sean and Colby had to do a little teasing on their
younger brother but later they told him it was very cool.  I reminded
Connor to have Andrew bring some work clothes along with some clothes for
church on Sunday morning.

The next day, I got a text from Connor just after they Aaron dropped him
off at school.  Connor's text said is friend's name was Andrew Smith and
gave him a phone number for his foster mother.  Before I called Andrew's
foster mother, I gave Mrs. Johnson from CPS a call and asked about Andrew.
Mrs. Johnson called be back a couple hours later and told me that Andrew
had been removed from his mother's care after his mother had overdosed on
drugs.  Apparently Andrew came home from school and found his mother
unresponsive in a bathroom and called 911.  Mrs. Johnson said there was no
other family to take Andrew so he was placed in foster care.  I mentioned
what Connor had stated about his suspicions of mistreatment and not being
fed.  She told me she would look into it herself.  I told her that I was
going to call Andrew's foster mom and get permission to take Andrew to the
ranch for the weekend.  Mrs. Johnson said she thought that would be a great
experience for Andrew since he has lived a very megger life.  Mrs. Johnson
also said she would notify me of her findings when she did her unannounced
check of the foster home.

I called Andrew's foster mother.  I introduced myself, leaving out the part
about being a police officer, and explained why I was calling.  I got the
feeling that Andrew's foster mom didn't give a crap about what Andrew did,
saying, "Sure it's fine with me if he spends the weekend with you.  That
way he will be out of my hair for the whole weekend."  It really made me
mad that she spoke like that about Andrew, but didn't say anything and just
gave her my phone number in case she needed to contact me.  She assured me
that she wouldn't need to before hanging up on me.

I called Mrs. Johnson back and informed her about my conversation with
Andrew's foster mom.  I also remindered that we were moving out to the
ranch and would soon have extra room.

I was at home after work getting things ready when Aaron pulled up with
Sean and Colby.  They started to load things into Aaron's jeep as we waited
on Connor and Andrew to get home along with Steve.

It wasn't long before Connor arrived with Andrew in tow.  Connor introduced
Andrew to everyone.  I saw a very skinny young man with the same clothes
that I had seen him in the day before.  I saw that he was carrying a back
pack but it didn't look like it had much in it.  I didn't say anything but
I could tell that all the boys were having the same thoughts that I was
having.  This boy was obviously being neglected at his foster home.

A short time later Steve arrived at home.  He was introduced to Andrew and
I could see the concern on his face.  We talked in the bedroom while he was
changing.  I said, "I think Connor is right about Andrew not being fed and
being miss treated at the foster home.  I can't believe how skinny he is."

As Steve changed his clothes he said, "I think we need to call someone
about this."

I said, "I have already called Mrs. Johnson and she is going to do an
unannounced home inspection this weekend while we have Andrew with us.  I
told her that we will have extra space at the ranch.  I don't think I can
send this boy back to that foster home."

Steve agreed saying, "I was just going to say that, I think we need to
prepare to add another boy to our home."

Once we were all ready and han all our vehicles loaded with everything we
had packed up, we headed out to the ranch.  Colby and Sean rode with Aaron
in his jeep, Connor and Andrew rode with Steve in his car, and it was me
and Max in my truck.

Maria and Jose met us at the main house.  Maria and called and said she
would have a dinner ready for us when we arrived.  Connor introduced Andrew
to his grandparents.  We left everything in the vehicles and after walking
through the main house we all walked over to the chow hall.  As we were
walking, Jose asked about Andrew.  I gave him the short version before we
walked up the chow hall steps.

Inside we found Colby's mother setting the last couple of items out on the
serving line.  Colby ran over and gave her a big hug.  Colby's mom has
taken to helping Maria in the kitchen whenever she is needed.  Jose cleared
his throat to get everyone's attention so he could say the blessing, after
which the older boys went right for the food.  I saw that Connor had to
prod Andrew to the serving line.  I saw Maria walk behind Connor and Andrew
watching what they took.  She stepped up to Andrew and helped put more food
on his plate, saying, "We have plenty of food Andrew, don't be bashful
about taking as much as you like."

I could see Andrew blush.  It was obvious that he was not used to serving
himself and taking more than what a bird would eat.  All the boys sat at
one table and talked among themselves.  I saw that they all made sure to
include Andrew in their conversation.  Steve and I sat down with Maria,
Linda and Jose and talked about the big move.

Before long the boys had finished eating and they all went out to get the
stuff they needed to sleep in and dropped it off at the ranch house that
was almost complete.  They were nice enough to grab mine and Steve's bag
and dropped them off at the main house which is all but complete.  They
then all walked down to the barn to check on their horses.

While they were gone, I explained to Maria and Jose what was going on with
Andrew.  Maria said she would make sure that Andrew was well fed this
weekend.  I asked Linda and Maria if they could figure out about what size
Andrew wore in jeans and shirts so we could run into town and get him some
clothes. I was sure the only clothes that he brought were the ones that he
was wearing.  They both said they would be happy to take care of that.

The boys returned to the chow hall and sat down in front of the big TV that
had been installed to watch a little TV before bed time.  I noticed that
Andrew had never left the side of Connor and still seemed to be a little
nervous.  Not long after the boys started to watch TV, Jose, Maria and
Linda said their goodnights and headed home.  Steve and I were right behind
them, walking up to the main house.  I said, "Boys, don't stay up too late
tonight, we have a lot of work to get done tomorrow."  Steve and I walked
over to the main house and settled in to bed on our blow up mattress.

The boys didn't stay up too long.  A short time after Steve and I left, the
boys walked back over to the ranch house, just off the main house.  There
are still no beds in the ranch house so all the boys were sleeping on the
floor in sleeping bags.  They laid all there sleeping bags out in the same
room.  Sean and Colby went to one corner and Aaron placed his more in the
center of the room so Connor placed his and Andrew's in another corner.
Connor could still see that Andrew was still nervous while they were
getting ready for bed.  Connor noticed that Andrew stared when he saw that
the other boys had all shed their clothes right in front of him and all
walked to the showers in the nude.  Connor quietly laughed a little saying,
"We usually all shower together since there are like six shower heads in
the shower room.  All of use boys and our dads are kind of free when it
comes to clothing around the houses.  If your more comfortable with waiting
until they are done, we can wait a few minutes to shower if you like."

Andrew was a little embarrassed, saying, "I'm not used to staying with just
guys around.  My house is full of nothing but girls.  I'm also embarrassed
about how skinny I am.  I'm afraid that the other guys will make fun of
me."

Connor said, "My bothers would never make fun of you, and if they did, my
dads would set them straight in a hart beat."  Connor considered Aaron and
Colby his brothers, just like Sean.

Connor could see that Andrew was still a little nervous so he kind of
wasted some time getting his stuff ready for a shower along with his stuff
for the next day.  Andrew could hear the three boys talking as they
showered.  It wasn't long before they all walked out of the shower room
together, still talking as nothing was weird about being naked in front of
each other.  Andrew could see their soft dicks swaying back and forth as
they walked to their sleeping bags.  Andrew could feel his own small cock
start to chub up as he watched the older boys walk naked past him.  He
couldn't take his eyes off Aaron's big dick, which didn't go unnoticed by
Arron, who just smiled and messed Andrew's hair up as he walked by.

Connor had to tap Andrew on his shoulder to get his attention.  Connor
laughed, saying, "Come on Andrew, quit gawking at Arron's cock and let's
get showered."  Andrew turned bright red, putting his head down and
followed Connor into the shower.  Connor was already naked as they walked
to the shower.  Andrew waited until they got into the shower room to remove
his cloths.

Once in the shower, Connor could still see that Andrew was very nervous.
For the first time Connor could see how skinny Andrew was.  Connor stared
for a bit too long, looking at how he could see every one of Andrew's ribs
and how small his ass was.  Andrew was hiding his small dick with his hands
as he saw Connor staring.  Andrew started to tear up, saying, "I'm sorry
for being so skinny and ugly."

Connor left his shower head and went to Andrew and pulled him into a hug,
saying, you're not ugly and I know that Grandma Marie and Linda will be
working on getting some weight put on those bones of yours."

Andrew said, "I'm just ashamed of how my body looks and I'm afraid that the
other boys will make fun of me while I'm here.

Connor went back to his shower saying, "I already promised you that my
bothers will not make fun of you.  You are my friend and they will treat
you just like a brother."

They both finished showering and then walked back to their sleeping bags,
Connor naked and Andrew following in his boxers.  All the other boys were
already in their sleeping bags talking about school stuff and the swim
team.  It wasn't long before they were all sound asleep except Andrew.
Andrew couldn't get the picture of Aaron's hot body and big cock out of his
mind.  Andrew's hand automatically went down to his own small dick and
started rubbing it.  Andrew was amazed at how hard his dick was over
another guy's body.  This was something he had never experienced before.

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Fri, 4 Sep 2015 18:10:33 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 56

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several readers if I could email them when each chapter has
been posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on
this group email.

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  THIS PAST FEW MONTHS HAVE BEEN CRAZY BUSY FOR ME.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

I laughed at the thought of the boys initiating our shower, wandering just
how each pair of them did.  Wandering who fucked whom or who suck whom
causing them to shoot their young man cream all over the shower.  As the
thought was bouncing around inside my head, I was actually looking around
the shower walls looking for any evidence of their fun.

Once we finished we joined the boys out by the camp fire.  Most the boys
were lying around on their partner and it wasn't long before everyone was
yawning.  With all the hard work we all put into day we were all very
tired.  Steve and I walked down to the camper and it wasn't long before the
boys were all cuddled in their sleeping bags and sound to sleep.  Well, all
but Conner and Brian.

********** Chapter 56 **********

The next morning, Steve and I were the first ones up.  After a short make
out session, we made our way up to the main house.  As we walked up the
lane from where the camper was set up, we began to smell bacon and sausage.
After walking over a few sets of boys, still sleeping all cuddled together
in their sleeping bags on the back patio, we entered the main house to find
Maria and Linda preparing a huge breakfast with eggs, bacon, sausage,
pancakes, and fried potatoes.  Of course she already had a pot of coffee
waiting for us.  I asked, "Is there anything Steve and I can do to help?"
Linda smiled and said, "Sure, take these cups of coffee and go out to the
front porch and relax.  Maria and I have everything under control.  Oh and
wake the boys up in about fifteen minutes please."  Steve and I did what we
were told and walked out to the front porch and found Jose sitting in one
of the rocking chairs.

Jose smiled and stood to shake our hands, saying, "Good morning you two.  A
little sore from a full day of hard work yesterday?"

Steve smiled back, saying, "Yes sir, we both are.  My work in the Army is a
walk in the park compared to the work we did yesterday.  I think you wore
the boys out as well."

Jose laughed, "I saw them all on the back porch when Maria and I drove up."
Jose's face became more serious before he said, "I'm still getting used to
seeing boys cuddled together like that.  But I have to admit they all
looked very happy and content.  I have been doing some reading and have
learned a few things about this same sex stuff.  I myself don't think it
would be for me, but I can see changes in peoples thinking now days.  Two
boys or men can have the same kind of love for one another as I do for
Maria.  I see it in the two of you, and I also see it in Sean and Colby."

Steve and I just kind of stood there for a couple minutes taking it all in
as Jose walked back inside.  Steve and I finished our coffee and figured it
was about time to wake the boys.  I called for Max who was out running
around the front yard, chasing one bird after another.  We walked around to
the back of the main house and set Max loose on the boys.  It's so fun to
watch boys being woke up from a sound sleep by a cold and wet dog nose.
They jump so high.  After a little yelling for Max to leave them alone and
some stretches, the boys started to climb out of their sleeping bags and
headed to the bathroom.  Of course being teenage boys, most where
supporting some morning wood.  Steve reminded them that Maria and Linda
were in the main house making breakfast, so they needed to use the bunk
house bathroom.  He also reminded them to make sure they had something on
before they got out of their sleeping bags.  As Steve and I walked in the
back door to the main house we saw several boys running across the porch
toward the bunk house, in nothing but boxers.  Some only half way on.

A short time later, Maria was calling everyone to the kitchen for
breakfast.  Of course Jose gave the blessing before the boys started down
the buffet line.  Maria and Linda pampered the boys making sure they took
what the two of them believed a growing boy needed for breakfast.  As the
boys where filling their plates, Jose reminded everyone that they needed to
be ready to leave for church by nine thirty.  It was nice to hear no
complaints from any of the boys.  They all just answered with a nice "yes
Mam".

Right at nine thirty we were all loading into three of the trucks and
headed back into town for church.  I have to say the boys where all looking
sharp in their jean, button down shirts, cowboy boots, and each, including
Brian, with their Sunday cowboy hats, all white and clean.  Since we have
been attending church here, we have gotten a few strange looks from some of
the people, but over time there have been fewer and fewer.  Now we get
smiles and handshakes from just about everyone in the church.  I looked
over at Jose as we were walking up to the front doors of the church and saw
a proud smile on his face as he walked behind his grandsons, all the time,
holding Maria's hand.

After church we went back out to the ranch.  The boys didn't take long to
change out of their Sunday clothes back into work clothes.  Jose believed
in a day of rest on Sunday, so there was no work to be done on the ranch
today.  The boys asked if they could all go for a horseback ride.  Maria
and Linda fixed them some sandwiches they could take along in their saddle
bags for lunch as the boys got their horses saddled.  It wasn't long before
we saw seven boys, all on horseback, walking out the back gate of the
corral.

Maria and Linda brought out some sandwiches for the adults.  We sat on the
back porch and chatted for the next few hours while the boys were off
exploring the ranch on horseback.  Jose told us that he had made
arrangements for Eric, David and TJ's horses to be transported from the San
Antonio ranch during their spring break in March.  Jose explained that he
would need their help just about every weekend through the spring to finish
the work on the ranch here and he had made arrangements to have them come
up every Friday afternoon after they had finished their homework and then
would take them back on Sunday afternoon.  Jose said once they finished
their classes at the San Antonio campus they would then come up here for
good.  It was really nice to see our plan of a ranch for kids in this area
that need a second chance, coming into a reality.  Something this area has
needed for a very long time.

As we adults were relaxing and talking on the porch, the boys had ridden a
couple of miles along the trails and fence line of the ranch, to one of the
stock ponds.  They got off their horses and sat under a shade tree just
talking back and forth about school and their different back grounds.
Brian seemed to be more at ease around David, Eric and TJ.  They all talked
and joked about this and that as they threw rocks into the pond.  Conner
reminded them about their sandwiches and drinks Maria and Linda made for
them.  They found some stumps to use as chairs and all sat in a circle,
eating as they continued to joke around with each other.

After some time David said, "Hey guys, we ought to be heading back.  We
have to be heading back to San Antonio soon."  As they were walking over to
get their horses, Sean grabbed Colby's hand and pulled him in close, giving
him a quick kiss, before saying, "Thanks so much for being such a great
guy.  I know how nervous you were having Brian here with us.  I think he
has had a good time and I hope that you can see him as a good friend given
some time.  I know I do, even after what he did."

Colby looked over at Brian as he was climbing up on his horse, and then
looked back at Sean, saying, "Yeah, I can see that Brian has changed a lot
and I think we can all be good friends in time."

Just as Steve was about to pull out his cell phone to call the boys and
tell them to get back, we saw them come out from behind the trees down near
the bottom of the hill.  All walking two or three abreast, obviously
chatting as they casually rode up to the barn.  It took them a bit to take
care of their horses, before they all walked up to the main house.  They
joined us adults on the back patio, joining in our conversation about when
we might be able to move out to the ranch permanently.  We all agreed that
it would be best to wait until the boys were on spring break next month.
Fortunately our boy's spring break coincided with the college boy's spring
break, except the college boys get two weeks off instead of just one.

Our boys helped David, Eric and TJ get their stuff ready and loaded into
their car for their drive back to San Antonio.  There were a lot of hugs
and handshakes before they were able to get into their car and head out.  I
noticed Brian even hugged the guys' goodbye.

A short time later we were all loaded up and ready to head back into town
after saying our goodbye to Jose and Maria.  We said goodbye to Brian since
he drove himself out and was going straight home.

When we got home everyone showered and ended up lounging in the living
room.  We talked about the big move coming up and came up with a game plan
for moving. We figured everyone would start packing their own rooms up over
the next couple of weeks so we could move some stuff out each weekend.
Then we would arrange to move all the big stuff during spring break.

As we sat there, relaxing, I saw four very tired boys from the weekend's
hard work.  Steve and I were tired as well.  It wasn't long before we were
saying our good nights and all headed to bed.  Aaron was staying the night
so he went into Conner's room after he finished getting ready.  As tired as
we all were, I'm sure there would be no sex going on tonight, just a lot of
cuddling.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Mon, 9 Feb 2015 06:03:14 +0000 (UTC)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Chapter 55 - Finding Steve

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several readers if I could email them when each chapter has
been posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on
this group email.

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  THIS PAST FEW MONTHS HAVE BEEN CRAZY BUSY FOR ME.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

As I came down from my climax, Steve licked the head one last time as he
kissed his way back up my stomach and chest.  We started to make out and I
could taste the ruminants of my load as we made out.  I rolled Steve over
and was kissing my way down his smooth chest when we heard the front door
burst open.  We hadn't realized how late it had become until we heard the
boys come running into the house.  Conner was the first to yell out for us
and before I could move off Steve, there was a knock on our bedroom door.
A second later, Conner opened the door, getting an eyeful of me rolling off
Steve.

Conner just smiled saying, "Oops.  Sorry, looks like I interrupted
something."

Steve said, "Why don't you wait for us out in the kitchen."

Conner's smile never left his face as he closed the door.  I was lying on
my side facing Steve.  When I looked back up at Steve I noticed Steve was
still supporting a good hard on.  I laughed a bit saying, "I think Conner
saw more than he bargained for."

Steve said, "Yeah, I'm sure he did since you are still hanging out of your
boxers."  I looked down and saw my dick hanging out of the piss slit of my
boxers.  I could feel the blood move to my face as we both started to
laugh.

After our little laugh about me accidently showing Conner a little more
than I should have, I said, "Well we better get up and talk to these boys
about the outcome of the trial.  Besides, I'm sure Conner has already
tattled on us."  After one more quick kiss, Steve and I got up and put some
shorts and a shirt on and went out to face the boys.

********** Chapter 55 **********

I walked into the kitchen to find four boys sitting around the kitchen, all
with a little smirk on their faces.  I'm sure I was more than a little red
in the face as I asked them how their day was at school.  All responded
with some sort of grunt or mumble that indicated they all had an uneventful
day at school.

Steve came out and sat at the table.  There was defiantly an awkward
silence in the room.  Steve leaned over to Connor as said, "Next time let's
wait for someone to say come in before coming into our bedroom when our
door is closed."

Connor smiled nodding his head up and down.

Steve spoke a little loader, "Your Grandpa Jose called me today.  He told
me the weather is going to be really nice this weekend and asked if we
could come out to the ranch and give him a hand with a project he wants to
get started."

All four boys said they didn't have any plans for the weekend, and would
love to get out to the ranch.  Sean leaned over and whispered something to
Colby who smiled.  Sean then asked, "Would it be OK if we asked Brian to
join us out at the ranch?"

Steve looked over at me, before saying, "Sure, I don't see why not.  Tell
him to bring some work clothes.  Grandpa Jose said to make sure we all came
prepared to work."

I started making some dinner for all of us while Steve helped Connor finish
up his math homework.  Sean, Colby and Aaron had all finished and went to
their room to play some video game.

Once dinner was finished, we all relaxed, watching some TV.  Steve and I
were soon off to bed.  I reminded the boys that we would be leaving for the
ranch as soon as everyone got home the next day.  "Sean make sure you text
me and let me know if Brian will be driving out with us tomorrow night or
coming out later.  I need to let your Grandma know how many hungry mouths
she will need to cook for."

After hugs all around, Steve and I went off to bed.  We trusted the boys to
get off to bed when they needed.  We stopped asking Aaron if he was going
to stay with us or if he was going home.  We knew if he went home for the
night, he would be at our place in the morning to take the boys to school.
It was really nice having such responsible kids.

Once in bed I made sure that I finished what I had started with Steve,
before Connor interrupted us earlier.  It didn't take long and Steve was
shooting a massive load in my mouth and all over my face.  After washing up
we cuddled together before falling off to sleep.

The next morning both Steve and I were both off to work before the boys had
even made it out of bed.  I was able to swing by the house after finishing
a call not far from our place.  The boys were all getting breakfast and
finishing getting ready for school when I stopped in.

Conner was making a lunch for school.  I thought it was a little out of the
ordinary.  He usually gets the school lunch.  I have noticed we were going
through sandwich bread along with sandwich meat and cheese faster than
normal the last couple of weeks.  I guess Conner has decided to take his
lunch to school for some reason.

I made sure everyone was set for heading out to the ranch as soon as Steve
got home from work.  They said they already had their stuff packed with the
exception of Aaron who said he needed to stop by his house to pick up some
clothes but would be ready well before Steve got home from work.

I got home a short time after the boys got home from school.  We pretty
much had everything we needed already loaded and were just sitting around
the house waiting for Steve to get home from work.

Steve got home just after five and quickly changed clothes.  A short time
later we were all loaded up; including Max, in my truck and Aaron's SUV and
headed out to the ranch.  Brian had told Sean and Colby that he would drive
himself out and meet us at the ranch.


We were all amazed at how much work had been completed when we drove up to
the main ranch house.  We call parked and walked over to the main ranch
house and went inside.  It looked like it was ready to move in.  After we
walked out the back door, out to the patio, we saw that the first ranch
hand cabin was also close to being finished.  We ran into the foreman, who
told us the main house would be ready for inspection in just a few days and
if the inspection went well it would be ready for us to move in.

We all walked through the ranch hand cabin, which was set up almost the
exact same way as the ranch hand cabin at the San Antonio ranch.  As you
walked in the door from the covered front porch you entered a large living
room with a small kitchenette on the far side of the living room.  On each
side of the living room was a bed room large enough for two beds and desks.
On the back side of each bedroom were the wash basin and counter on one
side and the enclosed commode on the other side.  You entered the large
shower with four shower heads from the back of each bedroom.

The first cabin looking like it would be complete in just a couple of
weeks.  Connor asked, "Can we just sleep in here tonight?  We can just lay
our sleeping bags out on the floor."  Steve looking at me and said, "We
would have to check with the foreman, but I don't see why not."

We all walked back out to the front porch just as Jose was walking up.  All
the boys went right up to him and gave him a hug.  Jose was smiling like
the proudest grandpa there ever was.  Jose came over to Steve and me, and
shook our hands, still smiling.  Jose said, "Do you like what you're
seeing?"

Steve answered, "We are amazed at how much work they have completed.  We
are really looking forward to moving out here to the ranch."

Jose said, "I think the main house and the first cabin will be ready to
move in a few weeks.  Right about the time the boys are out of school for
spring break."

I said, "That would be awesome.  I guess we need to start packing things."

Jose called to the boys, who had wandered out into the huge court yard,
saying, "Why don't you guys put all your stuff on the porch of the main
house and then we can walk down to where we will be working this weekend.
I hope you all are ready for some good old hard work this weekend."

The boys went out to the trucks to get all our stuff and set it on the
porch of the main house.  They caught up to Jose, Steve and me as we were
walking down to the barn.  As we got closer we could see all the lumber set
out for the new barn.  As we got close, Jose said, "We are having an old
fashion barn raising this weekend."

The boys, along with Steve and me were all standing there, looking at all
the lumber laying out on the ground around the new barn floor perimeter.
We all must have had an Oh My God, look on our face, because Jose started
to laugh, saying, "Don't worry, I think with the help I have lined up, we
will be able to get the all four walls up and the roof framed this weekend.
I got a few of the carpenters that have been working on the main house and
cabin to be here to help.  Eric, David and TJ will also be here later
tonight."

Sean blurted out, "Awesome, we haven't seen them in a long time.'  I saw a
smile come to Aaron's face as he heard the news that TJ would be here this
weekend.  In fact all the boys had smiles on their faces and already
talking about how much fun this weekend was going to be.  Connor however
didn't seem all that enthused.  I'm sure that he figured out that Aaron
would want to spend most of his with TJ and wouldn't have much time for
him.  I will have to keep an eye on him this weekend.

Jose walked us around the new barn, explaining how we were going to
accomplish this monumental under taking.  Once he was done I felt a lot
better.  As we were walking back up to the main house, we saw Maria pulling
up.  The boys took off running to give their grandma hugs.  The boys helped
her carry in several pizzas and a cooler full of drinks into the main
house.

Steve and I gave Maria a hug when we got into the main house.  Maria
explained, "The pizza will have to do for dinner tonight since the mess
hall is still being built."

I gave her another hug, telling her, "The pizzas are just fine.  The boys
love pizza."  Maria was setting things up in the kitchen of the main house
as we heard a car pulling up.  The boys went outside to see David, Eric and
TJ pulling up.  We stood out on the front porch and watched the boys all
trade hugs and handshakes with their friends before escorting them up to
the house.  Steve and I both noticed that Aaron went straight for TJ and
Connor kind of stood back a bit.  I think he might be feeling like the odd
man out.

Just as they reached the front porch, another car pulled up the drive.  It
was Brian.  Sean ran out to greet him. We waited for them on the porch as
they walked up.  Sean introduced Brian to everyone.  Jose went up to Brian
and extended his hand saying, "Nice to meet you Brian.  We are happy to
have you here again.  Come on in the house everyone.  Grandma should have
dinner set up."

We all walked into the house.  Maria came over and gave hugs to all four of
our guest before saying, "Dinner is all set up.  Grandpa, can you say a
blessing please."

Jose blessed the food and gave thanks for the great weather.  He went on to
thank our guest for joining us and asked for a safe and successful barn
raising tomorrow.  With that, Maria directed the boys to help themselves to
the pizza.  It was like a small stampede toward the kitchen.  They all
grabbed a couple of pieces and walked out to back porch with Max right on
their heels.

We adults got some pizza before the boys came back for seconds.  We sat in
some lawn chairs in the dining area of the main house talking back and
forth.  It wasn't long before the boys filtered in for seconds.  Sean asked
if they could build a campfire in the court yard since it was going to cool
off now that the sun had set.  Jose helped the boys round up some of the
scrap wood from the construction and before long we had a nice campfire
going.  The boys moved out to sit around the fire as we adults moved our
chairs out to the back porch.

After sitting and talking some, Jose and Maria said their good nights and
headed off to their cabin on the other side of the ranch.  Steve and I sat
there for another hour or so listening to the boys chat back and forth.
Most of the conversation was centered on school.  All our high school boys
were asking the college guys what college life was like.

The boys were still talking when Steve and I said goodnight.  We gathered
our stuff and walked down to where Jose had a camper set up.  We left it up
to the boys where they wanted to sleep.  Since the ranch hand cabin wasn't
really ready we told them they could sleep outside on the porch or inside
on the floor of the main house.  The boys only stayed up for another hour
or so before they started to get ready for bed.

In the morning Steve and I walked up to the main house with our coffee to
wake the boys up.  When we got to the back porch of the main house we found
three sets of boys cuddled together in their sleeping bags.  Eric and David
were on one side of the porch with TJ and Aaron on the other.  Sean and
Colby were cuddled together in the center.  They looked so cute.  We woke
them up and got them stirring.  Max helped with lots of dog kisses.  We
found Brian and Conner sleeping in separate sleeping bags inside the main
house.

It wasn't long before Jose and Maria drove up with some breakfast burritos
and more coffee and juice for all of us.  Again Jose gave a blessing and
then the boys attacked the food.  Just as we were finishing up the
carpenters Jose had asked to help us arrived.

By eight o'clock we were all down at the new barn and ready to get to work.
The carpenters split us up into teams of three or four helping one of them.
By noon we had all four walls framed up and ready to raise.  Maria brought
a huge feast for lunch and had it waiting on tables under the big tree next
to the barn.

After a delicious lunch, we were all got back to work.  By three o'clock we
had the four walls standing and braced and then got started on getting the
roof rafters put up. By the end of the day we had all the rafters standing.
It was a lot of hard work but with all the help we had from everyone, I was
amazed at how much we accomplished in just one day.

Colby's mom drove out and teamed up with Maria to prepare a great dinner
for everyone.  They made a huge vat of spaghetti with salad, and garlic
bread.  Everyone had eaten their fill and then walked back over to the barn
to admire our work before the professional help headed back to their
families.  Soon the boys walked back over to the main house and built a
nice camp fire.  They all took turns taking a shower in the main house
since it was the only one working.  Of course when we designed the master
bath in the main house we had a large shower put in so Steve and I could
shower together.  With the large shower all the boys took turns two at a
time.  Colby and Shawn went first followed by David and Eric and then Aaron
and TJ took their turn.  Not surprisingly Brian and Conner went separately.

By the time it was mine and Steve's turn we had to wait for some water to
heat up since the boys used it all.  As we took our shower, Steve s hands
started to wash my back, wandering lower and lower.  His hands felt so good
running over my back and ass while the warm water ran over the two of us.
Steve stepped closer and I could feel his hardness pressing against my ass.
Steve started kissing on my neck, which he knows drives me insane, his
hands made their way to my dick, which is pointing straight out and rock
hard.  Steve started to stroke my cock as he gently thrust his hard dick
along my ass.  The water and soap on my back was acting as lube.  Steve
pulled me into him, grinding his rock hard cock up and down my ass crack.
The feel of his hardness grinding against me felt amazing as Steve slowly
stroked my hard dick.  It felt so amazing; it didn't take long at all for
me to start shooting my load all over the shower wall.  Steve had to help
me stay of my feet as I shot my load, as my knees became very weak.

Once I had my leg strength back, I started to turn around so I could help
Steve get off, but Steve held me tight against him and continued to thrust
his rock hard dick between my ass cheeks.  I could tell he was getting
close as he picked up speed and pulled me in even tighter, just before he
started to blow his load all over my ass and lower back.  I could feel this
cock throbbing as he held me tight against him and could feel each shot of
his man juice leaving his cock and landing on my ass and lower back.

Once Steve caught his breath we made out for a couple of minutes before
finishing up with washing our bodies off.  I said, "It was so hot to
initiate our shower tonight."

Steve laughed a little, "I would bet we weren't the only ones that
initiated the shower.  I bet there were at least six loads washed down the
drain before we got our chance."

I laughed at the thought of the boys initiating our shower, wandering just
how each pair of them did.  Wandering who fucked whom or who suck whom
causing them to shoot their young man cream all over the shower.  As the
thought was bouncing around inside my head, I was actually looking around
the shower walls looking for any evidence of their fun.

Once we finished we joined the boys out by the camp fire.  Most the boys
were lying around on their partner and it wasn't long before everyone was
yawning.  With all the hard work we all put into day we were all very
tired.  Steve and I walked down to the camper and it wasn't long before the
boys were all cuddled in their sleeping bags and sound to sleep.  Well, all
but Conner and Brian.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Mon, 29 Sep 2014 10:01:44 -0700
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 54

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several readers if I could email them when each chapter has
been posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on
this group email.

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  THIS PAST FEW MONTHS HAVE BEEN CRAZY BUSY FOR ME.

Thanks to Tracey for doing the editing for me on this chapter.


** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can
continue. http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Later that night I caught Colby alone in his room, staring at his computer
with some homework assignment on the screen. I asked him if he was doing
ok. He just looked up at me with tears in his eyes, never saying a word he
just fell into my arms when I walked up to him. I pulled him in close,
holding him tight. He never started to cry but just needed to be held. I
reassured him things were going to be ok and to just give it some time. As
I stood there holding Colby, I saw Sean standing in the doorway. I motioned
for him to come over. He joined in the hug with Colby and me. After a few
more minutes I pushed them away saying, "Why don't you put that homework
away for now. You're not going to get anything done worth turning in
tonight. If you need me to I can call your teacher and explain what is
going on to see if she can give you and extension I can. Why don't the two
of you get ready for bed and just chill out in your room together tonight?"

I went back out to the living room where Steve was sitting on the couch and
Conner was lying across Aaron in the oversized chair. I sat down with Steve
and told him what I had told Colby and Sean. A few minutes later they both
came to the living room giving everyone a hug and saying there
goodnights. As they walked to the bedroom, Connor looked over at Steve
asking if they were ok. Steve said, "Yeah, they are both fine, Colby is
just having some issues with the trial. They are just going to relax in
their bedroom tonight.

Sean turned some music on before they climbed into bed. Even though Colby
was normally the one that pulled Sean in to cuddle, tonight he pulled Colby
into him. They spent the rest of the evening just cuddling in bed with each
other, eventually falling asleep in each others arms.


********** Chapter 54 **********

The next morning everyone was up at their normal time.  The boys were all
leaving for school as Steve and I finished getting ready to head back to
the courthouse.  Right at nine o'clock the judge entered the courtroom to
get things started.

As predicted, the defense marched several character witnesses through the
witness box, all contesting to what an upstanding citizen and great leader
Dennis was in the Army.  I could see that the jury looked like they were
bored with the testimony they were hearing from each of the witnesses.  It
seemed like the same questions were being asked to each one and they were
giving the same answers.  By lunch time the defense had rested their case
and the judge scheduled closing arguments for right after lunch.

Steve and I asked Brian and his folks to join us for lunch.  We all went
out to a local favorite BBQ place and found a table in the back corner.
Since both sides had rested, Brian was able to speak about the case if he
liked.  During lunch we both told Brian how well we thought he did on the
stand. I could tell that Brian seemed very relieved that he was done
testifying and could put this experience behind him.

I was hoping the prosecutor would join us for lunch so we could pick his
brain about how he thought things went.  As we left for lunch it seemed
like he was very pleased and was smiling, so I got the feeling that he was
not worried.  He thanked us for the invite to lunch, but said he wanted to
use the time to go over his closing statements.


After lunch we were all back in the courtroom.  As soon as the jury had
returned and the judge took his seat he asked both attorneys if they were
ready and both stated they were.  The prosecutor went first and summarized
the evidence that he had presented, providing the jury with a huge chart
listing each point he made.  He also had a few pictures of Sean's injuries,
which were very hard to look at.  I was already holding Steve's hand as we
sat there, but when the pictures of Sean were shown in open court, I
reached over and gave Brian a squeeze on the shoulder.  I saw that he was
looking down and refused to look at the pictures.  It took just over an
hour for the prosecutor to finish.

It was then the defense's turn.  He too walked the jury through each of the
points he had made earlier.  It only took the defense about thirty minutes
to finish his closing statements. By two o'clock both sides had finished
and now Denis' fate rested in the hands of the jury.

The judge gave the jury their instructions before excusing them from the
courtroom to the deliberation room.  Once they had left the courtroom, the
judge again thanked all the witnesses for their service to the judicial
process and then announced that court was in recess until the jury returned
with a verdict.

We all exited the courtroom and gathered in the hallway.  We were able to
speak with the prosecutor, who said he thought everything went very well
and believed the jury wouldn't take too long to deliver its verdict.  He
asked that we all stay close to the court house and said he would call us
as soon as he received word that the jury returned with the verdict.

We all went to the cafeteria to wait.  I texted all the boys telling them
that we were done with all the testimony and were now waiting for the
verdict from the jury.  Aaron was the only one that texted back.  Since he
was a senior in high school, Aaron was able to keep his phone with him.

It was just before four o'clock when we got the word from the prosecutor
that the jury had reached a verdict and asked us to be seated in the
courtroom before four thirty.  Right at four thirty court was called to
order and the judge entered the courtroom followed by the jury.  Once
everyone was seated the judge asked the jury foreperson if they had reached
a verdict.  The person stood and told the judge they had, and then handed
the bailiff a sheet of paper, which was given to the judge.

The judge read what was on the paper that was given to him and then looked
at Dennis and asked him to stand.  The judge asked the foreperson to read
the verdict.  The foreperson read from a sheet of paper, "We the people
find the defendant, Dennis Smith, guilty of conspiracy to commit aggravated
assault, so say us all."

I was seated with Steve on my right, and Brian on my left.  I was holding
Steve's hand and had my left hand on Brian's shoulder as the verdict was
read.  I could feel the relief pass through both of their bodies as they
heard the guilty verdict read.  I had to let go of Brian's shoulder so I
could give Steve a big hug before I turned and gave Brian hug.

The judge thanked the jury for their service and dismissed them.  Once they
had exited the courtroom he asked everyone to take their seats.  He opened
his calendar book and flipped through a couple of pages before looking up
to speak.  The judge stated, "Taking into consideration of Mr. Smith's many
years of service to this great country of ours, I am going to schedule
sentencing for two months from today.  I believe Mr. Smith will need to get
his military career in order before I pass sentence.  I don't believe
Mr. Smith is a flight risk so I will allow him to remain free on bond."

The judge looked at both sides before continuing, "I would also allow the
victim of the assault to make a victim's statement if he wishes.  Hearing
no objections this court will stand in recess until nine am on the sixth of
April."

With that we all stood as the judge left the courtroom and then all filed
out of the courtroom. Dennis stayed in the courtroom to sign some paperwork
and speak with his attorney.  Once out in the all there were handshakes all
around.  We all spoke briefly with the prosecutor before walking out of the
courthouse with Brian and his parents.

As we were all saying our goodbyes, Steve told Brian that we and the boys
would be going out to the ranch over the weekend and invited him out along
with his parents.  Brian said he would like to come out but his parents
said they had other plans and wouldn't be able to make it.

Steve and I got home well before the boys were due home from school.  We
didn't talk much on the drive home, and even when we got home not much was
said about the trial.  I could tell that Steve really didn't want to talk
about it.  I think he was much relieved that the trial was over.

We were both changing out of our suit and ties into more comfortable
clothes, Steve came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me, pulling
himself into me, as we were standing there in just our underwear.  As he
hugged me from behind, I could feel him start to weep.  I was able to get
myself turned around without breaking our hug.  I pulled Steve into me, and
whispered, "I love you."  I could feel the stress from the trial, and
having to relive that horrible day over again, as he quietly wept in my
arms.  After we stood there for several minutes I suggested we lay down in
bed for a bit.

I laid down on our bed and Steve laid down next to me, cuddling up to my
right side, laying his head on my chest.  I love the feeling of Steve's
body cuddled up against mine.  I slowly stroked his short hair, which he
kept in a high and tight military cut.  I would occasionally allow my hand
to leave his head to stroke his amazing back, before returning to stroke
his head again.

As I was stroking Steve's head and back with my right hand, Steve's right
hand was roaming over my torso.  We just laid there for close to half an
hour like this.  Just enjoying the feeling of our bodies entangled
together.  I must have dosed off for a little bit, but woke up as I felt
Steve's hand move lower than my torso and over my dick on its way to my
inner thighs.  Soon my dick started growing inside my boxers, as Steve's
hand roamed around my inner thighs.  It wasn't long before I could feel
Steve's dick growing against my leg.

A few moments later, Steve's hand had made its way up to my now rock hard
dick.  Steve started to rub his hand up and down the length of my dick from
the outside of my boxers.  As his hand rubbed my dick, it worked its way
through the slit, making skin to skin contact.  I felt Steve's body shift,
as he pulled himself up and started to kiss my chest.  He slowly made his
way around my chest, stopping at both nipples before slowing moving lower
and lower.  Never letting go of my rock hard cock, Steve went right to work
on the head, swirling his tongue around it several times before taking more
in his warm and wet mouth.  Steve started bobbing up and down, taking more
and more with each bob.  On his way up his hand would follow right behind
his mouth, driving me crazy.  I was squirming all over the bed as I rapidly
approached my climax.  I warned Steve as I felt my climax boiling up from
my balls.  I shouted to Steve as I started to shoot my load.  Steve didn't
come off my dick as I shoot a huge load in his mouth.  Steve had to swallow
twice before I finally stopped shooting.

As I came down from my climax, Steve licked the head one last time as he
kissed his way back up my stomach and chest.  We started to make out and I
could taste the ruminants of my load as we made out.  I rolled Steve over
and was kissing my way down his smooth chest when we heard the front door
burst open.  We hadn't realized how late it had become until we heard the
boys come running into the house.  Conner was the first to yell out for us
and before I could move off Steve, there was a knock on our bedroom door.
A second later, Conner opened the door, getting an eyeful of me rolling off
Steve.

Conner just smiled saying, "Oops.  Sorry, looks like I interrupted
something."

Steve said, "Why don't you wait for us out in the kitchen."

Conner's smile never left his face as he closed the door.  I was lying on
my side facing Steve.  When I looked back up at Steve I noticed Steve was
still supporting a good hard on.  I laughed a bit saying, "I think Conner
saw more than he bargained for."

Steve said, "Yeah, I'm sure he did since you are still hanging out of your
boxers."  I looked down and saw my dick hanging out of the piss slit of my
boxers.  I could feel the blood move to my face as we both started to
laugh.

After our little laugh about me accidently showing Conner a little more
than I should have, I said, "Well we better get up and talk to these boys
about the outcome of the trial.  Besides, I'm sure Conner has already
tattled on us."  After one more quick kiss, Steve and I got up and put some
shorts and a shirt on and went out to face the boys.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Mon, 30 Jun 2014 19:49:54 -0700
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 53

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and between teen males, but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several readers if I could email them when each chapter has
been posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on
this group email.

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  THIS PAST FEW MONTHS HAVE BEEN CRAZY BUSY FOR ME.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can
continue. http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

The prosecutor thanked Brian and then stated he didn't have any more
questions for him.  The judge looked at his watch and then said, "I think
this will be a good place to break for lunch.  We will start back up at 1pm
with cross exam."

The judge looked over at Brian and reminded him, "Son don't forget you are
not to speak to anyone about your testimony or this case other than with
attorney's."  With that he banged his gavel and said, "Court stands in
recess until 1pm."

Steve and I stood and waited for the jury and the judge to leave.  I turned
to Brian's parents and asked if they and Brian would like to join Steve and
I for lunch.  They liked the idea but when Brian walked up he told his
parents that he needed to meet with the prosecutor during lunch to prepare
for the cross exam.  Brian's mother asked what he was going to do for lunch
and Brian told her the prosecutor said he would have lunch delivered for
the two of them.

Brian walked off with the prosecutor as his parents walked out with Steve
and I.

***********
Chapter 53
***********

Brian was back on the stand after lunch, but this time it was Dennis'
attorney asking the questions. The judge reminded Brian that he was still
under oath before nodding over to the defense attorney to proceed.

The defense attorney seemed to be a little disorganized and took a few
moments before starting his questions.

Defense: "Brian, did you assault Sean Crispin on the day in question?"

Brian: "Yes."

Defense: "Did my client assault Sean that day?"

Brian: "No sir."

Defense: "Brian, it is my understanding that you plead to a lesser
misdemeanor charge in an agreement for your testimony against my client. Is
that true?"

Brian: "Yes sir."

Defense: "So you admit to beating Sean to the point of putting him in the
hospital, with serious injuries and then in a plea agreement with the
prosecution, you plead to a misdemeanor assault charge in exchange for your
testimony here today."

Brian: "Yes sir."

Defense: "Did my client ever give you any specific instructions on how you
should attack Sean?"

Brian: "He told me when and where Sean would be alone."

Defense: "That's not what I asked you. Did Denis ever tell you to attack
Sean on a specific day, or time, or how to attack him? What kind of
injuries he wanted Sean to suffer?"

Brian: No sir, he did not give me any specifics instructions like that?"

Defense: "So it was your decision and your decision alone to attack Sean on
that specific day, and your decision on where to attack Sean, and in what
manor to attack Sean."

Brian: "I guess that is correct. Denis did give me the..."

Defense: "You guess that is correct Brian? It was your decision to ambush
Sean behind the gym that day and to punch him in the head and then after he
was down on the ground, to stomp on his torso and kick him in the head,
causing Sean serious injuries."

As Steve and I sat there listening, it brought back the horror that we went
through that day. I was holding Steve's hand and I could feel the tension
building in his body as he heard the defense attorney describe what
happened to his son that day. I squeezed Steve's hand to remind him that he
was not there alone.

Prosecution: "You're Honor, I object. The witness answered the question and
does not need to be reminded what happened that day."

Judge: "Sustained. Let's move on sir."

The defense attorney went back to his table and shuffled around a few
papers before asking his nest question.

Defense: "Brian, did my client ever give you any money with the specific
instructions that the money was payment for the attack on Sean?"

Brian: "No sir, but that is what I believed it was for."

Defense: "But Denis never said he gave you the money for assaulting
Sean. In fact, he could have given you the money just as a nice gesture,
correct?"

Brian: "I believed it was for assaulting Sean."

Defense: "Denis never told you it for committing the assault, did he?"

Brian: "No Sir."

Defense: "Brian, have you ever stated that you hate homosexuals?"

Brian: "Yes, I have in the past."

Defense: "Have you ever had a homosexual friend?"

Brian: "I do now, yes."

Defense: "How about before the attack on Sean?"

Brian: "I'm unsure. I don't know all of my friend's sexual
orientation. That is there business, not mine."  Defense: "Isn't it a fact,
the primary reason you attacked Sean, is that you saw him watching you in
the shower, and you saw Sean talking with your younger brother."

Brian: "I'm not sure if I could say those two statements would be the
primary reason, no. I was upset at the time that Sean was speaking with my
younger brother and I did see Sean staring at me in the shower after
practice at school and yes it did bother me."

Defense: "So you had your own reasons for the attack."

Brian: "I had never contemplated attacking Sean, until Denis brought up the
idea."

I could see the prosecutor write something down on his pad he had in front
of him. He then looked back at Steve and me with a smile on his face. I
think Brian's last statement sealed his case in his eyes. I could also tell
that the defense attorney didn't like Brian's answer.

Defense" "But we have already established that Denis never asked you to
attack Sean."

Brian: "Yes sir, but the idea had never entered my mind until Denis and I
spoke the second time and he mentioned what he would do if a homosexual was
talking with his younger brother."

There was a long pause as the defense attorney whispered to Denis, before
saying: "Your honor, I have no further questions for this witness at this
time. I do reserve the right to call the witness at a later date."

The judge looked at Brian saying, "Thank you son, you may step down and
return to the witness room. I must remind you not to talk to anyone about
your testimony or this case."

Brian nodded he understood, before standing and walking to the back of the
court room to the witness room. As he passed I gave him a thumb up and
smile. I could see that Brian was walking a little taller, knowing that he
did well.

The rest of the afternoon the prosecution had several other witnesses take
the stand, including Det. Smith and Ms. Jackson from CPS. While Det. Smith
was on the stand, the Prosecutor produced the pictures of Sean's
injuries. I was so glad he didn't have to show them in open court but gave
the judge and defense a copy of the pictures as well as a couple of copies
to the jury to pass around. I could see the disgust in the juries' eyes as
they looked through the pictures. The Prosecutor also introduced the fact
that Dennis had been investigated for injury to a child after beating
Colby. The pictures of Colby were also given to the judge and jury along
with the defense. I had noticed the defense did not cross exam any of the
other witnesses that the prosecution called.

It was getting close to five o'clock when the Prosecutor dismissed his last
witness and announced to the court that he rested his case. The judge
promptly adjourned his court until nine o'clock the next morning where the
defense could call their first witness.

We all met out in the hall, outside the courtroom to meet with the
Prosecutor. He patted Brian on the back, thanking him for the great job he
did on the stand. He told Brian that he would still have to come back
tomorrow, but really doubted if he could be called to the stand again. He
told us he expected the defense to call a few character witnesses on Denis'
behalf and then rest and if all went well it would be in the juries' hands
by the end of the day tomorrow.

After shaking hands, we all went our separate ways. Steve and I drove home
talking about how well Brian did on the stand. That night we caught the
boys up on the trial and told them what a great job Brian did on the
stand. I could tell that Colby was having some trouble with all of it. In
fact this was the first time I had ever seen him leave the table with food
left on his plate. I'm sure it was tearing him up inside hearing about his
own father being prosecuted for attacking his boyfriend.

Later that night I caught Colby alone in his room, staring at his computer
with some homework assignment on the screen. I asked him if he was doing
ok. He just looked up at me with tears in his eyes, never saying a word he
just fell into my arms when I walked up to him. I pulled him in close,
holding him tight. He never started to cry but just needed to be held. I
reassured him things were going to be ok and to just give it some time. As
I stood there holding Colby, I saw Sean standing in the doorway. I motioned
for him to come over. He joined in the hug with Colby and me. After a few
more minutes I pushed them away saying, "Why don't you put that homework
away for now. You're not going to get anything done worth turning in
tonight. If you need me to I can call your teacher and explain what is
going on to see if she can give you and extension I can. Why don't the two
of you get ready for bed and just chill out in your room together tonight?"

I went back out to the living room where Steve was sitting on the couch and
Conner was lying across Aaron in the oversized chair. I sat down with Steve
and told him what I had told Colby and Sean. A few minutes later they both
came to the living room giving everyone a hug and saying there
goodnights. As they walked to the bedroom, Connor looked over at Steve
asking if they were ok. Steve said, "Yeah, they are both fine, Colby is
just having some issues with the trial. They are just going to relax in
their bedroom tonight.

Sean turned some music on before they climbed into bed. Even though Colby
was normally the one that pulled Sean in to cuddle, tonight he pulled Colby
into him. They spent the rest of the evening just cuddling in bed with each
other, eventually falling asleep in each others arms.


THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.  NOTE I HAVE AN UPDATED EMAIL ADDRESS.
SEE NOTES ABOVE.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Mon, 3 Mar 2014 19:38:13 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Overholser
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 52

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx2@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A big thanks to Joe for his editing services.

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  THIS PAST FEW MONTHS HAVE BEEN CRAZY BUSY FOR ME.
I HOPE TO GET BACK TO ADDING A NEW CHAPTER ABOUT ONCE A MONTH.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can
continue. http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Once Mr. Clark was finished the Judge looked at this watch and stated court
would be in recess until nine o'clock the next morning when Mr. Jones could
call his first witness.  With that he dismissed the jury after he reminded
them that they were not to speak to anyone about the case.  Once the jury
was out of the room he asked the bailiff to remind the witnesses about not
discussing the case with anyone before he released them.  With all of that
said the Judge dismissed court for the day.

Everyone made there way out into the hallway.  We all waited for Brian to
emerge from the witness room.  Once there Mr. Jones asked Brain to be in
his office at eight the next morning to go over his testimony before court,
since he planned to call Brian as his first witness.  Mr. Jones looked over
at Steve and I, and told us that there was no need for us to be there until
court stated at nine.

Steve and I shook hands and said our goodbyes to Brian and his parents
before we headed home.  That night we didn't talk about what happened in
court, except to say that the opening statements were finished and Brain
would be testifying first thing in the morning.  You could tell that the
trial was on everyone's mind.  Even with Aaron over for dinner, it was very
quiet.  Everyone went to bed that night wandering what would happen
tomorrow when Brian would testify.


**********
Chapter 52
**********

Everyone was up early; I made everyone a nice breakfast while they were
getting ready for school.  It was unusual for me to be home in the mornings
during the week, so it was a treat for the boys to have a big, hot
breakfast before school.

Arron arrived just as the boys had finished eating.  He came in and had a
cup of coffee with Steve and I, as the boys finished getting ready to go.
We have come to depend on Aaron to get the boys to school for us.  I told
Steve that we are going to have to do something special for Aaron to repay
him.

Once the boys were off to school, Steve and I got ready so we could make it
to the court house before court convened.  We both wanted to speak with
Brian before he had to testify.  We wanted to give him some reassurance
before court started.

Once court started, the judge reminded those that were to testify that they
were still under oath and that they could not talk to anyone except the
layers about the case.  They were then excused to the witness room while
the jury was brought into the court room.

The judge asked if everyone was ready, and after a short conference with
both sides, the Prosecutor called Brian to the witness stand.  Brian
entered the court room and walked to the witness seat.  Brian was reminded
he was still under oath by the judge before the Prosecutor started.

We could tell that Brian was very nervous.  He was fidgeting in the chair
and refused to look at Dennis.  Brian's eyes stayed right on the
Prosecutor, his parents or Steve and I.

After the Prosecutor got through the normal beginning questions, he asked,
"Brian do you know the defendant sitting here in the court room today"

Brain answered, "Yes I do."

Prosecutor: "How did you first meet the defendant?"

Brian: "I first met him when he approached me one night after football
practice."

Prosecutor: "Can you tell us what happened that night and what you and the
defendant talked about?"

Brain: "I was leaving football practice late, because I had stayed to go
over some new plays with the coaches.  As I was walking to my car in the
student parking lot, the defendant walked up to me, and introduced himself
to me.  He then asked me if I knew a freshman by the name of Colby.  I told
him that I knew of a Colby that was on the swim team and he told me that
was his son.  He then asked if I knew a freshman by the name of Sean who
was also on the swim team.  I told him I knew who he was talking about.  He
then started telling me that Sean's father was living with another guy and
that they were both gay.  He told me that his son, Colby, was hanging
around Sean and he believed that Sean was also gay and was hitting on
Colby."

Brian had to stop and take a couple of deep breaths.  The prosecutor told
Brian to take his time and asked, "What did you think about the defendant
asking you about two freshmen."

Brian continued, "I was a little confused about why he was telling me all
of this, so I asked him why.  He then asked me if I had a little brother.
I told him I did.  He then asked me if I would want my little brother
hanging around some fag that would try and turn him gay, just like Sean was
doing to Colby.  I told him that I wouldn't let that happen."

Prosecutor: "Brian, did at any time during this conversation did the
defendant ever ask you anything."

Brian: "He asked me what I would do to a fag if he tried to turn my little
brother gay.  I told him I would beat the crap out of the guy.  He then
asked me if I would help him take care of the Sean because he thought Sean
was trying to turn Colby gay."

Prosecutor: "Did the defendant ask you to assault Sean that night?"

Brian: "No not that first night."

Prosecutor: "What did the defendant ask you to do that night?"

Brian: "Nothing really.  He said if I was willing to help him he would get
back with me at a later date and we could figure out what to do."

Prosecutor: "Did you and the defendant meet any other times?"

Brian: "Yes.  The next time we met was about a month later."

Prosecutor: "Where did you meet him at?"

Brian: "He asked me to meet him at Bob's Burgers."

Prosecutor: "What did the two of you talk about?"

Brain: "He asked me if I had any classes with Sean.  I told him that I
didn't, but believed that Sean had a class in the same hall that I did."

Prosecutor: "What else did the two of you talk about?"

Brian: "Dennis told me that he had been watching Sean's movements since our
first meeting and noticed that Sean walked from the English hall around the
back side of the gym and seemed to always walk that way alone."

Prosecutor: "Why do you think the defendant told you that?"

Brian: "Dennis told me that while he was watching Sean's movements he saw
Sean talking with my little brother at one of our football games.  He asked
me if my brother was gay."

Prosecutor: "When the defendant told you that, how did that make you feel?"

Brain: "It really pissed me off.  I didn't want no gay guy hanging out with
my brother."

Prosecutor: "What else did the defendant tell you or ask you that night?"

Brian: "Dennis told me that he would feel the same way if a fag was hanging
out with his little brother, or his son, and he would beat the crap out of
the fag if he could without getting caught.  Then he asked me if I ever
walked behind the gym."

Prosecutor: "Do you normally take that short cut behind the gym back to the
main building?"

Brian: "I have before but normally I don't.  My next class is easy to get
to from the hallway."

Prosecutor: "Did the defendant ask you to do anything for him that night?"

Brian: "Yes."

Prosecutor: "What did the defendant ask you to do?"

Brian: "Dennis asked me if I would take care of Sean for him."

Prosecutor: "Did you ask the defendant what he meant by that?"

Brian: "Yes."

Prosecutor: "And what did the defendant say"

Brian: "Dennis told me that he saw Sean talking with my little brother at
our last couple of football games, and thought Sean may be hitting on him.
Dennis said Sean needed to be taught a lesson, and needed his ass kicked so
he would stop hitting on Sean and my little brother.  Dennis told me that
he knew Sean used the short cut behind the gym after his fourth period
class and was always alone.  Dennis told me that would be the perfect time
to show him that he can't turn Colby and my little brother gay."

Prosecutor: "Did the defendant give you any instructions?"

Brian: "Yes, Dennis told me I should wait for Sean behind the gym and teach
him a lesson by kicking his ass real good."

Prosecutor: "Did the defendant give you any specific instructions on how
you were to teach Sean a lesson or how to assault Sean?"

Brian: "No not really.  Dennis just told me to make sure that Sean didn't
see me as he came around the end of the gym wall so Sean would not be able
to identify me as his assailant, and to make sure that I taught him a good
lesson."

Prosecutor: "What do you think the defendant meant by that?"

Brain: "To beat the hell out of Sean."

Prosecutor: "Did you and defendant talk about anything else that night?"

Brian: "No not really.  Other than Dennis wanting me to beat Sean up as
soon as possible that was about it and then Dennis left."

Prosecutor: "Did you have any other discussion with the defendant before
the assault on Sean took place?"

Brian: "No sir."

Prosecutor: "Did you do as the defendant ask, and lay in wait for Sean to
assault Sean?"

Brian hung his head in shame as he answered, "Yes sir, I did."

Prosecutor: "Can you tell us what happened the day of the assault?"

Brian: "I told my teacher that I needed to use the bathroom and left class
early.  I then went to the back of they gym and waited for Sean, knowing he
would likely walk to his next class by taking the short cut as Dennis had
told me.  I could see the door way that Sean would come out of from where I
was waiting.  I saw that he was walking alone so I stood against the wall
out of sight.  As Sean came around the corner, I punched him in the side of
the head.  Sean fell to the ground and I then kicked him several times."

When Brian finished and looked back up you could see the tears rolling down
both cheeks.  You could see that he was truly ashamed for what he had did
to Sean.

Prosecutor: "Then what did you do?"

Brian: "I walked off, toward the student parking lot, got into my car and
left, going home."

Prosecutor: "Did you at anytime after assaulting Sean, speak with the
defendant again?"

Brian: "Yes sir, just once.  Dennis had given my his number and ask that I
text him after I taught Sean a lesson.  So once I got home I text Dennis
and told him I had did it."

Prosecutor: "Did you have any contact with the defendant after that?"

Brian: "Yes.  I saw him in the student parking lot one night after football
practice.  Dennis was sitting in his car and motioned for me to come over.
He then told me that I had did a good job and told me about Sean's
injuries.  I noticed that Dennis was smiling as he told me and then he just
gave be the thumbs up, thanking me, and gave me an envelope before driving
off.  I never saw or spoke to him again until now."

Prosecutor: "What was in the envelope that the defendant gave you that
evening?"

Brian: "Cash.  Two hundred dollars in cash. Dennis told me he would give me
the two hundred dollars for assaulting Sean."

The prosecutor thanked Brian and then stated he didn't have any more
questions for him.  The judge looked at his watch and then said, "I think
this will be a good place to break for lunch.  We will start back up at 1pm
with cross exam."

The judge looked over at Brian and reminded him, "Son don't forget you are
not to speak to anyone about your testimony or this case other than with
attorney's."  With that he banged his gavel and said, "Court stands in
recess until 1pm."

Steve and I stood and waited for the jury and the judge to leave.  I turned
to Brian's parents and asked if they and Brian would like to join Steve and
I for lunch.  They liked the idea but when Brian walked up he told his
parents that he needed to meet with the prosecutor during lunch to prepare
for the cross exam.  Brian's mother asked what he was going to do for lunch
and Brian told her the prosecutor said he would have lunch delivered for
the two of them.

Brian walked off with the prosecutor as his parents walked out with Steve
and I.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Wed, 30 Oct 2013 16:53:07 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 51

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A big thanks to Joe for his editing servises.

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  THIS PAST FEW MONTHS HAVE BEEN CRAZY BUSY FOR ME.
I HOPE TO GET BACK TO ADDING A NEW CHAPTER ABOUT ONCE A MONTH.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html


Take Care,

MIKE


From Last Chapter:

It didn't take long for the boys to devour two hamburgers each, and with
the cleanup done, we all went to our usual spots in the living room to
watch our movie.  Steve and I were lounging on the big couch while, Colby
and Sean cuddled on the love seat.  And, of course, Aaron and Connor were
sitting together in the oversized chair.

By the time the movie was over, most of us were yawning, every couple of
minutes.  Steve and I hugged all the boys good night before heading to our
bedroom.  The boys each got ready for bed and said their good nights.
Colby and Sean went to their room, while Aaron went to Connors room and
climbed in bed with him, which has become the norm when he stayed the night
at our place.

There wasn't much more than a little touching here and there in any of the
bedrooms.  Everyone was pretty tired from our long day out at the ranch, so
everyone seemed content with some cuddling before drifting off to sleep.

**********
Chapter 51
**********

Before we realized it, Dennis' trial snuck up on us.  I had noticed that
Colby seemed little quiet the week before the trial was scheduled to begin.
I'm sure that everyone in the house noticed it as well, but no one made a
big deal out of it.  We all knew that if Colby wanted to talk about it, he
would start the conversation.

Steve and I were both planning on being at the trial, and had made
arrangements at work, so we could be there.  I had spoken with the
prosecutor, who had told me, they didn't expect the trial to last more than
three or four days.

The weekend before the trial, I pulled Colby to the side, while we were at
the ranch, and asked him if he wanted to attend the trial or not.  He told
me that he didn't think he would, unless Sean had to testify.  Colby said
he would go to support Sean if, Sean had to testify.

That night after we were all settled in the living room watching a movie, I
noticed Colby get up and go into his room.  He was gone for almost an hour,
and both Steve and I noticed Sean looking back at the door to their room,
as if he wanted to go see what was wrong.

Later that night as everyone was getting ready for bed, I was in the
kitchen, when Colby came in to get a drink.  I asked, "Is everything
alright with you?  You missed most of the movie earlier."

As Colby was getting his water he answered, "I was talking with my mom on
the phone.  We were talking about whether I should be at my dad's trial or
not.  I told her that I hadn't planned on being there unless Sean had to
testify.  She was glad I'm not going.  She said she didn't think it would
be good for me to see, and hear the things that my dad did.  I told her
that as far as I was concerned that Dennis is no longer my dad and that I
have two great dads here."

I noticed a tear running down Colby's face, as I pulled him in to a hug.
As I squeezed him, I said, "Your a wonderful kid, and Steve and I are lucky
to have you in our lives.  No kid should have to be going through what you
are.  Just know that we are all here for you, and will be standing next to
you no matter what."

We both squeezed each other one more time before we went off to our
separate bedrooms.  I told Steve what had happened and what Colby had said.
As we laid in bed, with Steve's head resting on my chest, we talked about
what an amazing kid Colby was, and how much support he will need over the
next few weeks.

Monday came around and the trial was to begin.  I knew from testifying in
many cases through my years as a police officer that, at least the first
half of the first day of Dennis' trial would be tied up with picking a
jury.  When I talked to the prosecutor the week before, he told me that
Dennis had requested a jury trail.  The prosecutor suspected Dennis' lawyer
was hoping to get one or two older men on the jury, who would be more
likely to be sympathetic to Dennis' belief that Sean had made Colby gay.

Steve and I had taken the whole week off so we could be at the trial.  Once
we got the boys off to school we took our time getting ready to leave for
the court house after lunch.  Of course we took advantage of having the
house to ourselves, taking a nice hot shower together, with a lot of making
out and exploring hands.  This of course led to some very hot love making
followed by a short nap, before actually getting ourselves ready to leave.
We arrived at the court house and sat outside the court room waiting for
things to begin.  The prosecutor, Mr. Jones, motioned for us to follow him
into the court room.  I noticed he was carrying a pretty good size file and
some other stuff that looked like diagrams and such.

Once inside, Mr. Jones told us court would start in about thirty minutes
and said they had seated a jury of six women and four men earlier.  As we
were speaking with Mr. Jones, Brain and his folks entered the court room.
They walked up to where we where standing with Mr. Jones.  Everyone shook
hands and then Mr. Jones started to explain to Brian and his parents that
he believed that they would only make it through opening statements today,
so he didn't think any witnesses would be called today.  He also explained
that he expected Dennis' attorney to invoke the rule for any witnesses to
be called so Brian would not be allowed to be in the court room during the
trail except to testify.  He then told his parents that they would be
allowed to stay, but they could not talk to Brian about anything that was
said in the court room until after the trail was over.

As we were all talking, Dennis and his attorney came into the court room.
Dennis was dressed in his class A Army uniform, even though this case had
nothing to do with the Army.  I also saw a couple of other men walk in
behind them, also in their Army class A uniforms.  I assumed that they were
either Dennis' chain of command or friends that might be character
wittiness's.

Soon after everyone was in the court room the court bailiff called the room
to order and everyone stood as the judge walked into the court room.  After
he was seated he told everyone to take their seats and then asked to two
attorney's to step forward to speak with him.  Of course no one could hear
what was being said but could see all three speaking between each other.
After a few minutes the two attorney's returned to their seats.

The judge then asked the bailiff to bring the jury in.  We all watched as
the jury walked in and each took a seat off to the right hand side of the
room.  Once they were seated the judge first looked at them and thanked
them for being there and doing their civil duty by serving on this jury.
The judge then asked both attorney's if they were ready to proceed and they
both stated they were.

Dennis' attorney stood and stated he would like to invoke the rule.  The
judge granted his motion, then asked everyone in the court room that was
there to testify to stand.  Brian was seated right next to me, who stood.
As I looked around the room I noticed the two Officers that walked in with
Dennis earlier both stood along with Officer XXXXX and the ER Doctor that
had treated Sean, had all stood.  The judge explained what invoking the
rule ment and explained that they would be asked to wait in the witness
champers until called to testify.  He also explained that they were not
allowed to talk about the case to anyone except the attorneys.  Once he
finished he asked all of them to raise their right hands and asked the
court recorder to swear them all in at one time.  With one more reminder
about talking about the case he asked them all to exit the court room.

Once all the witnesses had left he court room, the Judge asked Mr. Jones if
he was ready to proceed and Mr. Jones stood and stated the state was ready.
The Judge nodded and then Mr. Jones introduced himself to the jury, also
thanking them for their civil service.  He then stepped around to the front
of his table and began speaking directly to the jury.

Over the next twenty minutes, Mr. Jones spoke about the evidence the state
would present to the jury.  Mr. Jones spoke in vague terms but indicated
that he would show that Dennis had conversations with a fellow student of
Sean's about how Sean was gay and had turned Dennis' own son gay.
Mr. Jones also stated he would show that Dennis performed surveillance on
Sean to learn about Sean's movements around school, and gave the other
student Sean's schedule.  Mr. Jones also told the jury that they would hear
from the ER Doctor who treated Sean's injuries and how serious those
injuries were.  Mr. Jones ended with telling the jury that even though
Dennis didn't actually assault Sean, he was just as responsible for what
happened.

As Mr. Jones was speaking, I noticed that he never mentioned Brian's name
and never said anything about Brian being the student that assaulted Sean.
I also noticed that Brain's mother had a tear running down her cheek and
could only imagine what she and her husband were going through.  I knew
that they were going to have a hard time hearing what their son did to
Sean.

Once Mr. Jones finished his opening statement, it was Dennis' attorney's
turn.  He also introduced himself to the jury and thanked them.  I hadn't
ever heard of this attorney, so I suspected he was from out of this area.
Maybe Austin or Houston.  Mr. Clark only spoke for about ten minutes and
basically went through each point that Mr. Jones had raised, telling the
jury that the state only had circumstantial evidence about Dennis' actions
and stated that the student that assaulted Sean had acted on his own accord
and Dennis had no idea of the student's plans.  Mr. Clark ended with
explaining to the jury that if Dennis had no idea of the student's plan to
assault Sean, that they could not hold Dennis responsible.

Once Mr. Clark was finished the Judge looked at this watch and stated court
would be in recess until nine o'clock the next morning when Mr. Jones could
call his first witness.  With that he dismissed the jury after he reminded
them that they were not to speak to anyone about the case.  Once the jury
was out of the room he asked the bailiff to remind the witnesses about not
discussing the case with anyone before he released them.  With all of that
said the Judge dismissed court for the day.

Everyone made there way out into the hallway.  We all waited for Brian to
emerge from the witness room.  Once there Mr. Jones asked Brain to be in
his office at eight the next morning to go over his testimony before court,
since he planned to call Brian as his first witness.  Mr. Jones looked over
at Steve and I, and told us that there was no need for us to be there until
court stated at nine.

Steve and I shook hands and said our goodbyes to Brian and his parents
before we headed home.  That night we didn't talk about what happened in
court, except to say that the opening statements were finished and Brain
would be testifying first thing in the morning.  You could tell that the
trial was on everyone's mind.  Even with Aaron over for dinner, it was very
quiet.  Everyone went to bed that night wandering what would happen
tomorrow when Brian would testify.

THANKS FOR READING.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Tue, 23 Jul 2013 23:05:57 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 50 - Finding Steve

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A big thanks to Jerry and Greg for their editing services.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can
continue. http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA


Take Care,

MIKE


From Last Chapter:

We then went out to the barn and found a huge stack of wood stacked near
the barn.  It was the wood for the new barn that would be twice as big as
the current barn.  It would be capable of holding twenty six horses with
room to grow if needed.

The boys went to work taking care of the horses.  They got them all moved
out into the larger corral so they could get the stalls cleaned out.  Steve
and I helped but let the boys do most the work.  They really seamed to love
the hard work that came with caring for the horses.

By lunch the boys were done.  Steve and I had gotten the lunch we packed
out.  Jose had a huge picnic table built and placed under the huge oak tree
outside the barn for us to use.  Just as we were finishing lunch Sean got a
text from Brian saying they were on the way and gave them the directions.

About an hour later Brian and his parents pulled up the lane.  Sean told
them to drive past the main house and down near the barn were we were
relaxing under the shade tree.  Steve and I got up and walked with Sean to
where they had parked.

**********

Chapter 50

Sean went to Brian and shook his hand.  Steve and I walked up behind him
and shook hands with Brian's parents , thanking them for coming out.  We
invited them to walk down to the picnic table.  I noticed the rest of our
boys hadn't left their seats and just watched us walk back toward them.  I
could see the three of them were not as excited to see Brian as Sean was.

When we got to the table, I took the liberty to introduce the boys to Jim
and Helen.  You could feel the tension in the air , and you could tell that
everyone could feel it.  I took it upon myself to get a conversation
started, asking Jim if they had any problem finding the place.  Jim said
that they didn't have any problems and asked about all the construction
going on.

I took the chance to explain to the three of them that we were starting a
ranch for under privileged kids, or kids needing a second chance.
Someplace where they can be themselves without being judged; a place where
they can have a chance to make a life for themselves.
 , I asked, "Would you guys like to take a little tour?"  They agreed, so
we all walked back up to the main house.  Steve and I explained the layout
of the ranch, with the main house for the two of us, and the two "ranch
hand" buildings, which flanked the main house, where the kids would stay.

Steve explained, "The plan is, once the main house and one of the ranch
hand buildings are finished, we would all be moving out here.  We have
three ranch hands that will be moving up from San Antonio once they finish
their classes.  They all attend college down there and work for my boys'
grandfather on a ranch down there.  They will be transferring up here and
helping us out on this ranch."

Jim seemed very interested, saying, "This area really needs this.  I work
with the courts, and I see kids every day that could benefit from a place
like this."

I said, "As a police officer , I see them every day, as well.  We hope this
will be a place where we can teach young men some responsibility, by having
them take care of their own horse, along with helping with the day to day
chores that go along with running a ranch.  A good friend has donated the
use of this land and provided us with the horses.  Sean and Connor's
grandparents are moving in to a house just over the hill.  They have been
working on a ranch for many years in San Antonio , where they have college
students help out on the ranch.  We are really looking forward to getting
things up and running."

As we were talking, we showed them where the mess hall and pool will be
going.  We then worked our way down to the barn , where we joined the boys.
While we were talking with Jim and Helen, Sean had led Brian down to the
barn.  Of course Colby, Aaron and Connor, were all right with them; never
more than an arms length away from Sean.

When we joined the boys, I noticed all our boys were either inside the
corral with the horses, or sitting on the top rail. but Brian was standing
on the outside of the corral.  Once we were all at the corral, Sean asked,
"Can we go for a short ride?  Brian has never ridden a horse before."

I looked over at Steve and could tell that he was a little uncomfortable
with idea, since the boys would be out of our sight.  Everyone was looking
at Steve in silence.  I looked from Steve to Sean and could see the
pleading look he was giving his dad.  After what seemed to be an extra long
time to answer, Steve answered, "I don't see why not, as long as it's ok
with his parents."

Jim looked at Brain and then Helen, before saying, "Sure, I don't see why
not, as long as it is just a short one.  We have to get back into town
soon."

Sean was smiling ear to ear. but when I looked at Colby and Aaron. they
didn't seem to be so excited.  The boys used my saddle and got one of the
more gentle horses readied for Brian before they got their own horses
readied.  Once they were all ready, Colby held the horse while Sean gave
Brain horse riding 101.

Brian looked a little nervous as he was sitting there, waiting for the rest
of the boys to climb onto their horses.  Once the boys were all mounted up,
they started toward the gate where I was standing.  I opened the gate to
let them out, but noticed Brian was still standing in the same spot, with a
confused look on his face.

Sean turned around to see Brian just sitting there,so he turned his horse
around and brought it up alongside Brian's horse.  Brian just looked over
at Sean, saying, "This is the first time I've ever been on a horse, so I
have no clue what I'm doing."

Sean just smiled and said, "Well, just kick her in the sides with the heels
of your feet to get her to go, and pull the reins to whatever side you want
her nose to go.  Give her a kick and she will fall right in behind Colby's
horse.  I will stay behind you, in case you have any problems."

Brian gave his horse a good kick and she started walking toward the gate,
falling in behind Colby.  I just smiled at them as they went through the
gate, closing it behind them.  We four adults watched the four boys take
off down the trail.  We then went back the picnic table to chat, while the
boys went for their ride.

About an hour later . I saw the five boys emerge from the wood line, slowly
working their way back toward the corral.  Aaron and Conner were out front,
riding side by side,while the other three were a bit behind them, with Sean
and Colby on either side of Brian.  Even though I couldn't hear what they
were saying,I could see that all three were talking back and forth.

Once inside the corral, they all watered their horses and got the saddles
taken off.  I walked over to the barn to see how things were going, while
Steve and Brian's parents relaxed under the tree.

When I walked into the barn I saw the boys brushing down their horses.
Sean and Colby were helping Brian, while Conner and Aaron took care of
their horses.  I don't think the boys saw me walk up to the stall they were
in.  As I was standing there watching them, I heard Brian say, "Man, I now
know why you are all wearing really tight jeans.  My balls are killing me.
Next time I come out here, remind me to wear my tight jeans, so my balls
don't bounce all over the saddle like they did in these loose shorts."

All three boys laughed, and kept on chatting.  Brian went on and on about
the good time he had had, and really wants to come out again to do some
more riding.  I got the feeling that they were going to all get along
pretty well. Even Colby had a smile on his face.  I left the boys to their
task and went back to join Steve and Brian's parents.

It wasn't long before the boys came out to join us under the shade tree;
and a short time later, Brian's dad suggested they load up to head back to
town.  We still had a few things that we needed to get done before we
headed back to down.  As we were saying our goodbyes, I noticed that Brian
and Colby actually shook hands with smiles on their faces.  Later on, I
asked Steve if he saw it, which he had.  Both Steve and I agreed that the
meeting went better than we thought it would.

Once we got everything done at the ranch, we headed back to town.  By the
time we all got showers, it was dinner time.  Conner and I made some
hamburger patties to grill.  Since it was Saturday night, Aaron took Colby
and Sean to get a movie from the Red Box for us to watch after dinner.

By the time they got back with the movie, dinner was ready.  The boys
talked back and, about their day.  From what I heard, it sounded like
everyone had a good time, and there were no issues with Brian being there.
They even talked about taking Brian out to the big pond on the other side
of the ranch, the next time he comes out.

It didn't take long for the boys to devour two hamburgers each, and with
the cleanup done, we all went to our usual spots in the living room to
watch our movie.  Steve and I were lounging on the big couch while, Colby
and Sean cuddled on the love seat.  And, of course, Aaron and Connor were
sitting together in the oversized chair.

By the time the movie was over, most of us were yawning, every couple of
minutes.  Steve and I hugged all the boys good night before heading to our
bedroom.  The boys each got ready for bed and said their good nights.
Colby and Sean went to their room, while Aaron went to Connors room and
climbed in bed with him, which has become the norm when he stayed the night
at our place.

There wasn't much more than a little touching here and there in any of the
bedrooms.  Everyone was pretty tired from our long day out at the ranch, so
everyone seemed content with some cuddling before drifting off to sleep.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Sun, 9 Jun 2013 22:18:32 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 49

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A big thanks to Jerry and Greg for their editing services.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html


Take Care,

MIKE


From Last Chapter:

Our waitress came to clear our table just as Helen had finished.  I looked
over at Steve who had looked at me.  We stared at each other and I could
tell that Steve was asking me what he should do.  I let my hand reach over
to touch his thigh and give it a little squeeze.  I showed him a little
smile, sending him a signal that I thought it would be fine to allow Brian
out to the ranch.  I could see in his eyes that he was still trying to make
up his mind.


**********
Chapter 49
**********

Once our waitress was out of ear shot, Steve looked back at Jim and Helen,
saying, "I wish our families had met under better circumstances.  We are
both happy to hear that you and your family are continuing with your
counseling.  I have to admit that I was really hesitant about allowing
Brian to come out to the ranch.  But after talking with you two, I think it
would be the right thing to do.  However, I think for the time being, I
would feel more comfortable if he only came out if either Steve or I are
out at the ranch."

Jim leaned forward a bit with a relieved look saying, "We would actually
feel better if one of you were there, also.  I know that Brian will never
do anything to Sean or anyone else, for that matter, but Helen and I would
prefer an adult be there to intervene, if needed."

It seemed that all four of us were relieved, and spent several minutes
chatting about other things before saying our goodbyes.  Steve extended an
invitation to both Jim and Helen to come out to the ranch with Brian if
they liked, as we made our way to our vehicles.

It was after ten when Steve and I made it home.  All the boys, including
Aaron were already in bed.  Steve and I went to our bedroom and got ready
for bed.  I wasn't surprised to hear a knock at our door just after we had
both climbed into bed.

Sean came in and climbed on to the bed, sitting down between me and Steve.
With a huge smile on his face, Sean said, "You both had to know that I
wouldn't be able to sleep without hearing how things went with Brian's
parents. "  Sean was so excited to hear what our decision was, that I think
he forgot to stop and put some shorts on before he came to our room.  Steve
and I both got a very nice look at what our fourteen year old young man had
going on.  And I, for one, started to chub as soon as I saw that fourteen
year old soft cock swinging around as Sean jumped up on our bed.

Steve tried to get Sean to go back to his bedroom, saying that we would
talk about it in the morning. but Sean was having no part of that.  He got
to his knees and started to bounce on the bed, while doing his best little
whining kid impression, demanding that Steve tell him what happened.  Of
course, this caused his soft three inch cock to start bouncing up and down
as well.  Which caused my dick to start getting hard as a rock, causing the
sheet to tent.

Steve gave in and told him that we all agreed that Brian could come out to
the ranch with the condition that one of us was out at the ranch when Brian
was there and that Brian could never be alone with him or anyone else.

Sean was grinning ear to ear and about pounced on Steve, bear hugging him,
before jumping over to me, giving me a hug while, thanking us over and
over.  The only thing that was going through my mind was if Sean could feel
my hard on pushing against the outside of his thigh as he was hugging me.

Sean then jumped up and took off out the door.  This time we got a nice
view of his very nice ass as he ran out the door, shutting it behind him.
We could actually hear him run through the house and into his room.  I will
tell you one thing, Sean is one hot fourteen year old and I was feeling a
little jealous of Colby, who gets to feel all over that hot body all the
time.

Steve leaned over to lay his head down on my chest and noticed the tent
caused by my hard on.  He reached down, giving it a couple of strokes
before saying, "I see Sean's little show caused the same reaction in you as
it did in me."

We were both pretty tired, so we didn't spend much time playing around and
were both soon off to sleep.  However, in Sean's room, Sean was now
bouncing up and down on the bed, almost jumping right on Colby who was
lying in bed, naked under the sheet.

Colby grabbed Sean around the waist and pulled him down on top of him,
saying, "I take it our dads agreed to let Brian come out to the ranch."
Sean took a deep breath to help him calm down a bit then leaned down just
inches from Colby's face, with a hand on each side of Colby's face.  They
looked in each other's the eyes as Sean said, "I know you are not as
thrilled as I am about Brian coming out to the ranch.  But, like we have
talked about, our dads said he could, but only when they are out there with
us, and I can never be alone with Brian.  I don't want to be alone with
him, but I think having him come out there will help me and the rest of our
family see that he has changed, and come to forgive him.  I'm not saying we
will all become best friends like we are with Aaron, but I hope we can at
least be friends with him."

Once Sean was finished, Colby said, "I know this means a lot to you, so I
will try my best to keep an open mind, but for right now, anyway, that's
all I can promise you."

Sean leaned down kissing Colby before saying, "Thank you.  I love you with
all my heart, and I thank you for that promise."

Sean leaned down and started kissing Colby again.  After a couple of
minutes of making out Sean jumped up again saying, "Now, let me under the
covers, I'm freezing out here."  Once under the covers and snuggled up
against Colby's sexy warm body, Sean continued, "I can't believe I went
into our dads room and jumped up and down on their bed naked.  When I gave
them each a hug after they told me Brian could come out to the ranch, I
could feel their hard dicks against my leg.  I guess they liked my little
show."

Colby just laughed a little bit.  "How could they not get hard, seeing your
smoking hot sexy body in all it's glory.  It is always causing me to get
hard."

Sean leaned up and gave Colby another kiss as he reached down with his
other hand to find Colby was, in fact, very chubbed.  When they broke their
kiss, Sean said, "As good as that feels, we need to get some sleep."

Sean frowned before giving Colby one last kiss before he settled in,
cuddled up against his boyfriend's warm body, with his head resting on
Colby's chest.  It still took Sean quite a long time to settle down after
hearing the good news.  But he loved to be cuddled up against Colby as
Colby slept, listening to his deep rhythmic breathing and the feeling of
his chest rising and falling beneath his head.

The next morning, Sean was the first one up.  After he drained his bladder
he went back to his room and climbed back into bed with Colby, but stopped
to grab his phone.  Once cuddled up to Colbym he sent a text to Brian
asking him if his parents had told him the good news, and if they did, if
he wanted to come out to the ranch later today.  Once he sent his text he
cuddled up to Colby again, but couldn't get back to sleep.  His mind was
filled with what the day would be like.

After lying in bed for another hour or so, Sean couldn't stand it any
longer and got up, going to the kitchen, starting the coffee and then
breakfast.  It didn't take long before the coffee aroma woke me.  I was
amazed at what I saw when I walked into the kitchen.  Sean was standing
there in his boxersm cutting up the stuff for breakfast burritos.  Usually
Connor is the one that likes to cook.  I asked, "What's got you up so early
there, mister?"

Sean just smiled, saying, "I just couldn't sleep.  I guess I'm a little
excited about Brian getting to come out to the ranch.  I hope it was ok
that I asked him if he wanted to come out today, I really hope it's ok
because I have already texted him and asked him if we wanted to come out."

I poured me a cup of coffee and took a seat at the kitchen table before
saying, "I don't see any reason why he can't come out today, but you need
to check with your dad when he wakes up.  Have you got an answer back from
Brian?  It's a little early for a teenager to be up on a Saturday morning."

Sean smiled, saying, "No answer yet, I'm sure he is still sleeping."

Sean and I spent almost the next hour chatting back and forth, as he
continued to prep all the fixings for one of our favorite breakfast meals.
It was nice to just sit and chat with the boys, one on one, from time to
time.  I know I always enjoyed my father and son time with my own son.

Steve was the next person to join us, walking into the kitchen to see Sean
and I just sitting at the kitchen tablem both enjoying a cup of coffee and
chatting.  Steve asked the same thing I did of Sean about being up so
early.  Sean told his dad the same as he told me.  Steve got a nice hug
when he told Sean that it was fine that he had asked Brian to come out to
the ranch today.

I figured that Steve and Sean could use some father and son time, so I
excused myself and went to take a shower.  When I came out, I found Colby
had joined Steve and Sean at the table.  I said, "Sean, why don't you start
cooking all that stuff up and I will go roust the two sleeping beauties in
Connor's room."

I wasn't surprised to see that Connor was spooned up against Aaron, with
Aaron's arm draped over Connor.  Max had followed me to Coonnor's room.
After I watched them for a couple of minutes, I just opened the door wide
enough for Max to get inside, telling him to wake them up.  Max knew
exactly what to do, jumping up on the bed and started to lick the two
sleeping boys on the face.

Aaron sat straight up, causing the sheet to move off most his body, which
gave me a nice view of his hot 17 year old body, along with Connor's 14
year old body.  Couldn't help but notice that, as most teenage boys do,
they were both sprouting a bit of morning wood.  Once Max had did his job I
said, "Come on sleepy heads, Sean will have breakfast ready in five
minutes."

Ten minutes later the kitchen table was surrounded by four hot teenagers,
wearing only their boxers, eating breakfast burritos as fast as they could
make them.  Steve and I managed to get a couple for ourselves before they
had devoured it all.  As I was sitting there watching the four boys eat, I
was thinking about how much it's going to cost just to feed these four,
plus David, Eric and TJ when we have all of them out at the ranch.

An hour later everyone was about ready to head out to the ranch.  I could
tell that Sean was a little disappointed that Brian had not texted back.
Just as we got everything packed in the truck Sean got the text he was
looking for.

Brian's text said, "Hey man.  Just saw your text.  I have to go to Round
Rock with my rents this morning, but could stop out later today, if that is
cool"

Sean told Steve what Brian had said and Steve said that sounded fine.  Sean
texted back, "That is cool.  Text when you're headed back and I will give
you the directions."

With that done, we all jumped into the trucks.  The boys were riding in
Aaron's Jeep, and me, Steve , and Max in my truck.  We were out at the
ranch a short time later, and I couldn't believe how much progress the
workers have made.

The main house was completely enclosed and most the inside walls were done.
We all walked through the house and were amazed at how much work had taken
place in theast couple of weeks.

Outside both slabs for the ranch hand house were done and walls were going
up on them.  I was sure that we would be able to move into the main house
by spring break, but we needed to have at least one of the ranch hand
houses done before we could move out there.  Or the boys would have no
place to sleep.

We then went out to the barn and found a huge stack of wood stacked near
the barn.  It was the wood for the new barn that would be twice as big as
the current barn.  It would be capable of holding twenty six horses with
room to grow if needed.

The boys went to work taking care of the horses.  They got them all moved
out into the larger corral so they could get the stalls cleaned out.  Steve
and I helped but let the boys do most the work.  They really seamed to love
the hard work that came with caring for the horses.

By lunch the boys were done.  Steve and I had gotten the lunch we packed
out.  Jose had a huge picnic table built and placed under the huge oak tree
outside the barn for us to use.  Just as we were finishing lunch Sean got a
text from Brian saying they were on the way and gave them the directions.

About an hour later Brian and his parents pulled up the lane.  Sean told
them to drive past the main house and down near the barn were we were
relaxing under the shade tree.  Steve and I got up and walked with Sean to
where they had parked.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Mon, 13 May 2013 20:22:10 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Delay

Hey Guys,

I need to apologize for the delay in posting the next chapter.  I have had
a lot of fans email me asking if I have abandoned the story.

I have not abandoned the story and hope to have the next chapter posted in
the next two to three weeks.  I don't for see having much time to write for
about another week and a half.  I have just been too busy to write.  I have
at least a few more chapters planned out I just need to get the time to
write.

Please feel free to email and ideas you might have for the story.  I am
running out of ideas on where the story is going so if you have any ideas
please feel free to email them to me at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Thanks again for reading my story and again I apologize for the delay.

Mike


** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2013 08:34:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 48

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A big thanks to Jerry and Joe for their editing services.

** IMPORTANT: Readers, if you enjoy reading the stories at Nifty,please
consider making a donation so their work can continue.
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.htmlA


Take Care,

MIKE


From Last Chapter:

Colby and Sean finished up and climbed into bed, with Sean lying down with
his head on Colby's chest.  Sean looked up at Colby, asking him, "Are you
OK?  You have been quiet all night.  You don't want me to invite Brian out
to the ranch, do you?"

Colby was running his fingers through Sean's hair,looking up at the
ceiling.  "To be honest, I don't like the idea, but I know that this is
something you want, so I will deal with it."  Colby looked his boyfriend in
the eyes, "Will you just promise me one thing?  Will you promise to follow
whatever rules your dad and Mike put in place?"

Sean leaned up to put his face right up next to Colby's face, "I promise I
will, and I promise that I will make sure that I am never alone with Brian.
Thank you for being so concerned."  Sean then leaned in, kissing Colby.
The boys ended up making out for a few minutes before settling in for the
night.


**********
Chapter 48
**********


The next morning Sean woke up still in Colby's arms.  He laid there as long
as he could, just enjoying the feel of Colby's soft warm skin against his
skin as they laid next to each other, naked as the day they were born.
Sean took in a deep breath, taking in the smell of his boyfriend, which he
loves; as he let his fingers roam over Colby's tight abs. As Sean's body's
senses took it all in, it caused his cock, that was snuggled up against
Colby's left thigh, to harden to its full five and a half inches.

 As Colby started waking, he could feel the fingers running up and down his
abs and chest, occasionally stopping to circle around his sensitive
nipples.  As he gained a little more consciousness he could feel the hard
cock pressing against his left thigh.  He opened his eyes to see Sean with
his head lyin on his chest.  He loved waking up with his boyfriend in his
arms. Colby moved a little to signal to Sean that he was waking.  Once
fully awake, Colby stretched his very hot looking body and then started
stroking Sean's back.

Sean's caressing and hard cock pressing against his leg soon caused his own
dick to start to harden.  Slowly rising to its full six inches, it caused
the sheet that was covering the two teenagers to tent.  Sean watched the
tent rise as Colby's dick hardened, and could see the sheet pulse in time
with the heart-beat he could hear in Colby's chest.  Sean couldn't resist,
and soon let his hand wander closer and closer to the center pole of the
tent; letting his fingers run through the trimmed pubic hair just above it.
Before long, Sean had a hold of Colby's hard cock, slowly stroking it up
and down.  He loved the feeling of Colby's hard dick.  The smoothness of
the skin over the hard as steel dick and the large mushroom head at the
top.  Just as both boys were starting to get into their morning sexual
escapade, their bedroom door sprang open.  Both boys turned toward the
door, trying to hide their raging hard-on; as they saw Connor standing in
their door way, in just his boxers, with a huge smile on his face.

Sean yelled, "What the hell are you doing Connor?"

Connor started to laugh, "You guys were getting ready to have sex, weren't
you?"  Connor stood there for a minute waiting for an answer but all he got
was two very dirty looks.  Conner then added, "You guys over slept.  Aarnon
will be here in like twenty minutes to take us to school.

Conner left their doorway and went back to his room to finish getting ready
for school, since he had already taken his shower.  Sean looked over at
their alarm clock and saw that he forgotten to set it.  Sean looked at
Colby with a huge smile saying, "I guess we shower together to save time
this morning."  Sean then jumped up out of bed and ran naked to the
bathroom.  Colby was right behind him.  As much as both wanted to finish
what they had started in their bed, they knew they didn't have the time; so
it was a quick wash of each other with just a couple of extra pulls on
their dick for good measure.

Ten minutes later, they joined Connor in the kitchen for a quick bowl of
cereal and a glass of OJ.  Just as they put their dishes in the dish
washer, they heard the sound of Aarons Jeep pull up in the drive.  Aaron
first dropped Connor off at Hunters house before heading to the high
school.

Sean and Colby had most their classes together; but, since Aaron was a
senior, he didn't get to see them except at lunch.  Most days, they grabbed
something from the cafeteria and then headed outside to eat in the sunshine
and fresh air.  Today, once they finished lunch, Sean started texting on
his phone.  Colby asked, "Who are you texting?"  Sean answered, "Brian, I
wanted to let him know what dad said about coming out to the ranch; and ask
him to send me his parent's phone number, so I can give it to dad tonight."
Colby didn't really acknowledge Sean's answer.  He still didn't like the
idea of Brian coming out to the ranch.

Sean had to text Brian since he no longer went to the same high school.
Once it was found out that Brian was the person that assaulted Sean, he was
sent to the alternative school to finish out his senior year.

Just moments after he sent the text, Sean got a text back from Brian.
Besides the phone number for his parents Brian texted, "I think it's really
cool of you to invite me out to your ranch.  I will abide by and rules your
dads set.  I want to show you and your family that I have changed, and hope
that we can all become friends."

Sean showed Colby and Arron the text from Brian.  Aaron said, "I sounds
like he really has changed but I'm still going to keep a close eye on him
when he is around you."  Colby really didn't show any reaction at all.

When they got home from school, I was already at home.  As usual, Connor
was the first home.  After grabbing a snack he jumped up on a stool at the
breakfast bar and pulled out his homework.  It was so nice to have kids
that actually enjoyed school, and worked hard to do well in their classes.
Shortly after Connor got home, Sean and Colby came walking in, but with no
Aaron.

I asked where he was, and Sean said, "He said he needed to spend some time
at home this week so he could go out to the ranch with us this weekend."
Sean and Colby did the same as Connor, except they took their snack and
homework to their room, but before they left Sean gave me Brian's parents
phone number so I could call them.

I started dinner right about the time Connor finished with his homework.
Sometimes I think he did his homework out in the kitchen so he could see
when I started dinner.  Connor really enjoys cooking and is always asking
to help.  As soon as I started getting the things out the refrigerator
Connor started asking if he could help.  A lot of the time Conno,r ended up
cooking most of the dinner with very little help from me or Steve.

While Connor was taking over dinner I walked into our bedroom to call
Brian's parents to set up a meeting.  I spoke with Brian's mom, and I
learned that they were indeed all still taking part in counseling.  They
would welcome the chance to meet with Steve and me, to discuss the
possibility of Brain coming out to the ranch.  We agreed to meet for dinner
at a local restaurant Friday evening, without the boys.  Just as I was
saying goodbye to Brian's mom, I heard Steve come in the front door.

I heard Steve talking with Connor before he came to the bedroom to change
out of his uniform.  I had gotten off the phone when he walked into the
bedroom.  I told him about my phone call with Brian's mom as I watched him
change.  I actually started to chub a little as he stripped out of his
uniform and changed into some jogging shorts and a t-shirt.  I noticed he
didn't put any underwear on under his shorts; which caused a few naughty
thoughts about where my hand might go when we relaxed on the couch later.
Once he had changed, he came over to me and we stood there kissing and
holding each other until Connor called for me.

Conner did a great job with dinner again.  Colby and Sean helped with the
cleanup and then we all went to the living room to watch some TV and relax.
During dinner I told the boys that they were on their own for dinner Friday
night, since Steve and I would be having dinner with Brian's folks.

The boys got bored with watching TV and went into their room to play video
games.  Steve and I were relaxing on the couch, with Steve sitting between
my legs and leaning up against me.  Steve had thrown a blanket over his
legs and lap.  With him sitting like that, I was able to reach around with
my hand and work it inside his shorts were I found his dick at half-mast.
I casually stroked him bringing him to full mast in just a few strokes.  We
lay there the rest of the evening, watching TV with my hand fondling Steve
the whole time.  By the time we went to bed, he had been hard for at least
two hours straight, and both his dick and my hand were soaked in precum.

After telling the boys we were going to bed, we hurried off to our bedroom
for some very passionate sex.  I had to smile and almost busted out
laughing when we were hugging the boys good night.  I saw Connor look
straight at Steve's huge bulge in his shorts.  Steve didn't notice it, but
I did.  Later, when we were lying together after we had made love, I told
Steve, and he actually blushed.

The rest of the week went by pretty quickly, and before we knew it, Friday
was upon us.  I helped Connor get dinner started for the boys.  Aaron was
able to stay for dinner and hang out with the boys tonight.  He would spend
most evenings during the week with his family, and then spend the weekend
with us.  Once Steve got home and changed, he and I went to the steak house
we where to meet Brian's parents.

Steve and I arrived ahead of Brian's parents and got a table.  We asked for
one near the back of the restaurant so we could have a little privacy.
Brian's parents arrived a few minutes later.  When the hostess brought them
to our table, Steve and I stood.  We shook hands with both, and asked them
to sit down.

Everyone seemed a little nervous, so I felt like I needed to start the
conversation by saying, "Mr. and Mrs. Moore, thank you for meeting with us
tonight."

Mr. Moore interrupted, saying, "Please, call us by our first names, I'm Jim
and my wife is Helen."

I continued, "Thank you, and I'm Mike, and this is Steve.  We are both
pleased that we have this chance to meet you under better circumstances.
We're also glad that Sean and Brian have been able to put the past behind
them and become friends.  But I'm sure that you can understand our concerns
about them being together without supervision."

Jim said, "The two of us are also happy that the boys have been able to
become friends after what happened; and yes, we understand your concerns.
We are here tonight in the hope that not only Brian and Sean can move past
this; but both our families can move on and become friends."

Our waitress came and took our drink orders.  Steve, Jim and I ordered a
beer, and Helen ordered a mixed drink.  We continued our conversation
around the interruptions from our waitress taking our meal orders and
bringing our food out.

We all talked about our concerns; and Jim assured us that both he and Helen
were continuing with their counseling with Brian.  As we were finishing our
dinner Jim said, "I want to apologize to the both of you and your family
for what Brian did to Sean.  I have learned through our counseling that I
played a big part in Brian's hatred toward gay people.  That was how I was
raised, and without realizing it, I passed that attitude on to Brian.  We
have a great counselor, and he has shown me that I was wrong in doing so.
I will admit that I don't agree with how you are living your lives but by
no means is my beliefs a reason to hate a person.  I plan on continuing
with our counseling so I can learn how to better understand other live
styles; and pass that knowledge on to our younger kids."

Helen added, "We would also like you to know that we will respect your
decision, and will ensure that Brian does as well; but we are hoping that
you two will allow Brian and Sean to continue their friendship."

Our waitress came to clear our table just as Helen had finished.  I looked
over at Steve who had looked at me.  We stared at each other and I could
tell that Steve was asking me what he should do.  I let my hand reach over
to touch his thigh and give it a little squeeze.  I showed him a little
smile, sending him a signal that I thought it would be fine to allow Brian
out to the ranch.  I could see in his eyes that he was still trying to make
up his mind.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Sun, 17 Feb 2013 20:06:59 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 47

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A big thanks to Jerry and Joe for thier editing services.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter: Steve and I listened, and I for one, was impressed that
a 14 y.o. had put this much thought into his argument.  Once Sean seemed to
be done, Steve said, "When you first said you wanted to bring Brian out
here I wanted to say hell no, but after listening to you, I can see you
have put a lot of thought into this idea. But before I give you an answer,I
would like to think about it for a bit.  Why don't you guys go out for your
horseback ride and let Steve and me discus it."

Sean smiled and jumped up and gave Steve a hug before hugging me.  He was
so excited that Steve hadn't just said no and was going to at least give
his idea some thought.  After he gave us a hug, he looked over at the guys
with this huge smile on his face and said, "Come on guys, let's ride out to
the big pond."

********** Chapter 47 **********

The boys all took off walking toward the barn to saddle their horses.  Even
though we couldn't hear what Sean was saying , we could see that he was
talking a mile a minute.  Steve looked over at me with a worried look on
his face saying, "I'm not sure this is a good idea."

I took his hand in mine and looked into his eyes.  "I will stand by
whatever decision you make, but I think you should give it some thought.
Obviously, Sean has given it a lot of thought."

Steve: "I know, but I just have a problem with Brian being so close to
Sean.  I know that Sean has forgiven Brian ; but I'm not sure I can.  Every
time I look at Brian, I see Sean lying in the hospital bed again."

We sat in silence for a few moments before I said, "Maybe Sean can teach us
a lesson and show us how to forgive Brian.  Sean has sat and talked to
Brian.  I'm sure Brian is the person he has been texting all week.  Maybe,
if we all sit down and talked with Brian, we can learn something about
Brian that will allow the rest of us how to forgive him."

After a few minutes of silence, Steve said, "I know this is wrong, but I'm
scared of what I might do.  I'm afraid that if I found myself alone with
Brian, I might lose it and do something to him that I would regret for the
rest of my life.  I have dreams of me finding him alone in an alley, and
beating him to within an inch of his life, just like he did to Sean."

I looked over and saw that Steve had tears rolling down his cheeks.  I
could tell that he was picturing that dream in his mind.  I could feel his
hand squeezing mine harder, along with feeling his other muscles tensing
all over his body.  I started to rub his back, giving him some time to calm
himself down.  After several minutes I started to feel his muscles relaxing
a bit.  I kept rubbing his back and shoulders for a few more minutes before
I wrapped my arms around him and whispered, "I have had similar thoughts,
but know that I could never do that to another human being, and I don't
think you have that kind of violence in you,either."

After a few minutes to let that sink in, I continued, "I know that I would
feel better if we knew that Brian was in fact continuing his counseling.
What if we asked to meet with Brian and his parents to discuss this, before
agreeing to let Brian come out here to the ranch."

Steve thought for a bit and answered, "I don't want Brian at our house.
Let's ask them to join us for dinner someplace.  And depending on how the
dinner goes, I will consider allowing Brian to come out here with the
stipulation that someone other than Colby or Connor has to be here with
them at all times."

Giving Steve a nice squeeze from behind, I said, "I think that is a great
idea.  Let's have Sean get Brian's parents' number for us, and I will call
and set it up for later this week.  Since I'm sure Sean will want to invite
Brian out here as soon as possible.  Of course, that all depends on how you
feel after talking with Brian and his parents."

Steve agreed, and relaxed his body back into mine.  We sat there enjoying
the sun shine, with Steve leaning back against me with my arms wrapped
around him.  We sat there watching the horses that were still in the corral
and just enjoyed the others company.  It must have been a good hour before
we saw the boys headed back in toward the corral on their horses.  I was
amazed at how fast the boys have taken to horseback riding.  All four of
them have become pretty good in the short time that they have been riding.
As I watched them ride in, it looked as though they had been riding horses
for many years.

The boys all stopped short of the corral and got down off their horses.
After loosening the horses girth straps, they walked the horses around a
bit before leading them into the barn.  Steve and I waited at the picnic
table under the big tree for the boys to tend to their horses.  About
fifteen minutes later, they all walked out of the barn and back to the
picnic table, with Sean leading the way.

As they got close, I could see the hope in Sean's eyes, hoping that Steve
would give him the answer for which he was hoping.  I could also see that
the other three boys had a look like they had spent the whole time trying
to talk Sean out of this.

Sean came up and sat down next to his dad. I was still holding Steve in my
arms.  It was so nice not to have to worry about Steve and I showing our
affection for each other with our boys.  They had all accepted our
relationship and were comfortable with our way of life.

Sean sat there for just a minute before he couldn't wait anymore.  "I just
wanted you two to know that we all talked about this while we were riding.
Colby and Aaron are against letting Brian come out here and Connor said he
was unsure.  I told Colby and Aaron that I don't ever want to be out here
alone with Brian, and that I would want Aaron or one of you out here with
us if Brian is out here.  And once Eric, David and TJ move up here, there
would be three more older guys to keep an eye on Brian for you."

Once Sean finished, he just looked at Steve, waiting for him to say
something.  Steve said, "I know that you have put a lot of thought into
this, and think it is a good idea.  I'm not sure that I am ready to let you
be around the guy who nearly killed you."  I could see Sean losing hope as
Steve was speaking.

Steve took a deep breath before he continued .  "However, Mike and I will
consider the idea.  But, only after we meet with Brian and his parents, so
we can make sure that they are continuing with their counseling and gauge
how far they have come.  Once that happens, we will consider allowing Brian
to come out here only when Mike or I are out here.  Once we feel more
comfortable with Brian, we may allow him to come out with Aaron being out
here with you."

Sean's eyes lit up as he listened to his dad give his answer.  Once Steve
was done, Sean came over to give us both a hug.  As he was hugging Steve, I
looked over at Colby and knew that he didn't like our decision.  I knew
that we were going to have to have a talk with him in private about this.
As Sean let go of Steve I said, "Why don't you ask Brian for his parents
phone number and give it to me, and I will call them to see if we can set
up a time for us all to meet for dinner later this week."

Later that evening at dinner, Steve and I both noticed that Colby seemed to
be very quiet.  Everyone else was talking about the upcoming week, and how
fast the house at the ranch was coming along.  I was sure our decision to
let Brian come out to the ranch was weighing on his mind, and figured I
needed to have a talk with him after dinner.

As usual, the boys helped with the dinner clean up and before we knew it,
the kitchen was cleaned up and we were all heading to the living room to
relax and watch some TV.  I asked Colby if he would help me load some
things into my patrol car.  Usually, I load all my stuff into my patrol car
in the morning, but I figured this would be a way to get Colby away from
Sean so I could speak with him.  I only had a couple of bags that needed to
be loaded and I think Colby had figured out my plan by the time we got out
to the drive way.

We put the stuff in the trunk of the car, and before I closed it, I said,
"Colby are you ok with our decision to allow Sean to invite Brian out to
the ranch?  I noticed you have been unusually quiet this evening."

Colby looked at me and said, "I'm not real happy that Brian will be out
there with us.  I don't trust him.  I know that Sean has forgiven him, but
I'm not sure I will be able to.  But I know that this is something that
Sean really wants, so I will deal with it.  I did feel a little more
comfortable when you guys said that he can only be there when you and Steve
are with us.  But what happens if we go out on the horses and you and Steve
don't go with us?"

"I guess that is something Steve and I will have to talk about.  But, you
guys always go out in a group anyway, which Steve and I like, just in case
something would happen to one of you guys, so I don't think that should be
much of a concern.  I will talk to Steve about setting some kind of rules
about you all going out as a group."

Colby looked at me with a smile on his face. "I think I can live with
that."

I pulled him into a hug saying, "We will get through this together, so try
not to worry too much.  Speaking of worrying, how are you dealing with your
father's upcoming trial?"

Colby took a deep breath and said, "I'm trying not to think about it.  I
know it's coming up in just a few weeks.  I'm not sure that I even want to
go to the trial.  I know that Sean doesn't have to testify, but then I want
to be there to support my mom, also.  I guess I should talk to her about it
first, before I make up my mind."

Still holding him in a hug, I said, "Yeah, that might be a good idea.
Steve and I have decided to go so we will be there to support your mom, as
well.  I don't see any reason that any of you boys need to go, but I can
understand you wanting to be there for you mom.  So if you decide to go,
let me know so I can get you out of school.  Now, let's get back inside
before they think we got kidnapped."

We went back in and found Steve sitting in the love seat with Sean lounging
on the couch.  Of course , Aaron was sitting in the overstuffed chair with
Connor lying across his lap.  Colby went to Sean and laid down with him as
I sat down with Steve, pulling him into me.

We watched a couple of TV shows before Aaron had to leave and get back to
his place.  There were hugs all around before he left.  The rest of us
watched a little more TV, and before long, everyone was yawning and, soon
thereafter, Connor was sound asleep in the chair.

Steve got up and carried Connor to bed.  I'm not sure Connor ever woke up,
since he is such a hard sleeper.  I went in to help Steve with Connor,
knowing he would have to get him out of his clothes while he was still
sound asleep.  We got him down to boxers and laid him down in his bed.
Steve lifted Connor's hips and I slid his boxers off, knowing he likes to
sleep naked like the rest of us.  Both Steve and I got a nice look at
Connor's almost 14 year old soft dick.  I smiled at Steve, saying with a
little laugh, "Like father, like son.  He looks just like you."

Colby and Sean were both in the bathroom getting ready for bed.  Leaving
Connor's room, we stopped at the open bathroom door to get our good night
hugs from the two of them before we walked to our bedroom.

Colby and Sean finished up and climbed into bed, with Sean lying down with
his head on Colby's chest.  Sean looked up at Colby, asking him, "Are you
OK?  You have been quite all night.  You don't want me to invite Brian out
to the ranch, do you?"

Colby was running his fingers through Sean's hair,looking up at the
ceiling.  "To be honest, I don't like the idea, but I know that this is
something you want, so I will deal with it."  Colby looked at his boyfriend
in the eyes, "Will you just promise me one thing?  Will you promise to
follow whatever rules your dad and Mike put in place?"

Sean leaned up to put his face right up next to Colby's face, "I promise I
will, and I promise that I will make sure that I am never alone with Brian.
Thank you for being so concerned."  Sean then leaned in, kissing Colby.
The boys ended up making out for a few minutes before settling in for the
night.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Mon, 14 Jan 2013 19:26:41 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 46

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2013.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

I am looking for one or two of my readers willing to help edit my story.
If you are willing to help make this story better please e-mail me.

Please excuse any mistakes you might find as I was not able to have someone
edit this chapter.


Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

On the way back home we stopped at our favorite BBQ joint for some dinner.
I noticed during the ride back into town the boys seamed a little quiet for
some reason.  Once we were got our food and sat down at a table I said,
"Are you guys OK?  You guys are usually talking up a storm when we come
home from the ranch but today you are all very quiet."

I noticed the three of them all look at Sean before all making excuses that
they were all just really tired from the trial and then the long ride
today.  I looked over at Steve and I could see that he also knew something
was up with the boys.  We both knew our boys well enough that they would
come to us when they were ready to talk to us so we didn't push the issue
any more for the night and went back to enjoying our BBQ plates.


*********** Chapter 46 ***********

 Once we got home the boys all went into Sean and Colby's room and played
some video games while Steve and I cuddled on the couch watching a movie on
TV.  An hour or so later Aaron came out to say goodbye, saying he needed to
get home for the night since they had school the following day.

Steve asked, "Aaron, is everything ok with Sean?  You guys have been
awfully quiet tonight.?

Aaron smiled saying, "Yeah Sean is fine, he just told us about an idea he
had and the rest of us are not sure it's a good idea.  He asked us not to
say anything to you guys.  He wanted to think about it some more before he
talked to you about it.  I'm sure you will hear about in a day or so.
Anyway I got to get home.  Good night, Love you guys."

Both Steve and I got up and gave Aaron a hug both telling him that we loved
him too.  I walked to the door with Aaron and just as we reached the door,
I placed my hand on his shoulder saying, "Aaron, thanks again for being
such a good friend to all our boys.  They really look up to you."

Aaron looked back blushing a bit and said, "Mike there is no need to thank
me and they are all more like brothers to me than friends.  I'll see you in
the morning."  With that he opened the door and headed home to his own
family.

While I was walking Aaron to the door, Steve went to the boy's room telling
them that we were headed to bed.  They paused their game so they could all
give Steve a hug good night.  I got there just in time to get my hugs
before we walked to our bed room to get ready for bed.  The boys said they
were going to finish their game before going to bed.

After Steve and I made it to bed, we took up our usual positions with Steve
on my right side with his head laying on my chest.  As we settled in Steve
said, " I wander what is bouncing around the inside of Sean's head?"

I answered, "I'm not sure but he is a smart kid and I'm sure it will be
something good.  If I was a betting man I would bet that it has something
to do with Brain."

Steve leaned up and kissed me saying, "I love you." before he pulled
himself in a little closer.  I loved the feeling of Steve's body cuddled up
against mine.  I answered with my own, "I love you too." as I caressed
Steve's back with my hand as we settled in for a good nights sleep.

As Steve and I were relaxing in our bed, Sean and Colby were finishing up
their game.  Conner was laying in their bed watching.  Once they were done
they all started their nightly routine for getting ready for bed.  They
were all so comfortable with each other that it was no big deal for Connor
to be in the bathroom brushing his teeth and have Sean and or Colby come in
and empty his bladder.  Most the time if they weren't in there to "Drop the
Kids off at the pool" as Conner called it, they left the door open.

Once Conner was finished he gave both his brothers a hug and went to his
room stripping off his boxers as he walked across the hall way.  He made an
attempt to throw his dirty boxers in his clothes basket but missed by a
long shot.  He climbed into his bed naked as he does every night taking a
few minutes to stretch his teenage body.  Of course as any teenage boy
would do he also took a few minutes to play with his dick and growing patch
of hair that was beginning to fill in nicely above his dick.

Back in Sean and Colby's room they had both lost their boxers as well and
had climbed into bed with Colby laying face to face.  They made out a bit
before Sean rolled over to face away from Colby.  Colby pulled Sean into
him spooning Sean from behind which is their usual sleeping position.  They
never ended up that way but they always seemed to have some body part
touching one another.  It was like they needed that reassurance that the
other one was still there.

The next morning it was back to work and school for all of us.  Aaron
arrived at the house to pick up all the boys to take them to school.
Having Aaron doing this for us sure made thinks easier on Steve and I.  I
was already at work and Steve was just finishing up PT when it was time for
the boys to leave for school so it worked out great for us.

Sean kept us all in the dark about his plan to invite Brian out to the
ranch.  Steve and I talked several times about what was going on with Sean
but never let on that Aaron had mentioned that Sean had some sort of an
idea running around inside his head and for some reason he wasn't ready to
let Steve or I in on his plans.

Steve and I just kept an extra eye on Sean throughout the week but he
didn't seam to be overly bothered by anything.  Really the only thing I
noticed was Sean seamed to be texting more than normal.  Of course I had no
idea that he was texting Brian most the time.  The week turned into just a
normal week with school and work.  The boys were getting back into a normal
routine with school and then coming home to work on home work.

The weekend arrived and Aaron stayed with us on Friday night since as it
was becoming our normal weekend ritual of going out to the ranch to check
on the progress of the house and horses.

As usual I was the first one up and after getting the coffee going and
letting Max out.  Connor had learned not to shut his bedroom door tight so
when Max heard me he could get out of his room.  Once Max was outside
taking care of his morning duties I would always go back and shut Connor's
door.  It know had come the norm that Aaron would sleep with Connor.  When
I glanced in, I noticed that Aaron's 17 year old body almost completely in
cased Connor's 14 year old body as they laid there, with Aaron spooning
Connor from behind, with just a sheet covering the two of them from mid
torso down.  As I stood there for a minute I wandered if they were having
any kind of sexual relationship.

After closing Connor's door I quietly opened Sean and Colby's door to check
on them.  They too were covered by only a sheet from there mid section
down.  Even though they were no longer spooning you could tell their legs
were completely intertwined.

I went back to the kitchen and sat at the table and enjoyed a nice cup of
coffee.  As I started my second cup Steve came out to join me and a short
time later we could hear voices from both of the boys' bedrooms.

Sean was the first on out walking to the bathroom with his boxers in his
hand giving Steve and I a peak of his morning wood and nice little butt.
He came out a couple of minutes later still pulling up his boxers up over
the his smooth little butt.  I have to say that they work outs Aaron was
doing with Sean and Colby were working.  They had both become hot little
twinks.

Sean came into the kitchen rather than taking his normal seat at the
breakfast bar and asking what was for breakfast.  After saying good morning
Sean said, "I feel like some sausage and eggs this morning.  Is it ok if I
make breakfast?"

Steve and I just looked at one another for a moment.  Steve smiled and
said, "What got into you this morning?"

Sean answered back, "Not sure.  I just woke up feeling like cooking a good
breakfast before we head out to the ranch."

I laughed a little bit saying, "Well go for it.  You know where everything
is.  You want any help?"

Sean had already started getting the pans out and was cutting up the
sausage as I spoke.  About that time I heard Colby come out from his room,
again just holding a clean pair of boxers in his hand.  I didn't get a peak
at his front side but got a nice view of his back side as he turned into
the bathroom.  I had to admit that Colby had a really nice looking butt on
him.

Since Sean had breakfast under control, Steve and I went back to our
bedroom to get ready for the day.  When we came back out we saw Aaron
sitting at the breakfast bar in his boxers with a cup of coffee in front of
him.  Colby was in the kitchen helping Sean get the table set and finishing
up breakfast.  I asked Aaron if Connor was awake yet or not.  We all knew
the answer to the question.  Connor was always the last one up on the
weekends and was the hardest kid to get out of bed.

Aaron said he would get him up and went back to the Connor's room calling
Max to join him.  Aaron bolted through the door, jumping right on top of
Connor with Max right behind him.  Aaron started to tickle Connor and Max
was licking his face as Connor screamed at the top of his lungs.

 A few minutes later the screaming stopped and both Aaron and Connor
emerged from the bedroom.  We enjoyed a really good breakfast with all four
boys eating dressed in just their boxers.  Got to love an all male house
hold.

Once we were finished Steve and I told the boys to get ready to go as we
got the kitchen cleaned up.  Thirty minutes later we were loading up to
head out to the ranch.  Aaron took the boys in his car and Steve and I
along with Max drove out in my truck.

When we got there we were all surprised at how much progress they had made
in just the last week.  You could now see walls and the foundations for the
two bunk houses off the main house were both completed.  It was looking
like there would be no doubt that we would be moving out to the ranch
sooner rather than later.

After we finished looking around the main house we all went down to the
barn to get to work taking care of the horses.  The boys know exactly what
needed to be done and got right to work cleaning out all the stalls.  It
was close to lunch time when the boys finished everything up.  Steve and I
had stopped and gotten everyone their favorite sandwich from our favorite
sub shop on the way out.  So we all took a break for some lunch before the
boys went out for a ride on their horses.

As we were finishing up lunch, Sean said, "Dads, I have an idea that I
would like to get your opinion on."

Steve looked at me with a bit of relief on his face saying, "Sure, what's
your idea?"

Sean took a deep breath and began, "Well I have been thinking about this
all week.  I told the guys about my idea last week and they all said they
didn't like it.  I asked them not to say anything to you while I thought
about it and after thinking about it all week and talking to some other
people about my idea I still want to try it."

Steve said, "Well it sounds like you have but a lot of thought into it but
until you let us in on your idea we really can't give you our thoughts on
it."

All the other boys stayed quiet and let Sean continue, "Well I want to
invite someone out to the ranch with us.  I want to invite Brian out."

Steve looked over at me with a confused look on his face.  I knew he wanted
to say no way in hell was Brian ever going to set foot on this ranch but
was able to hold it in.  I sensed that Steve needed a few minutes to let
things sink in so I spoke up asking, "Can you tell us why you think having
Brian out here would be a good idea?"

Sean took a moment to get his thoughts organized in his head before he
began. "Well Brian and I have been texting quite a bit since his sentencing
hearing and we both want to move on with our lives.  I know that he is in
counseling and is working on his issues with his problems with gay people.
I believe that the best way for me to show him and the rest of the school
and our friends is for the two of us to become friends.  And I think the
best way to do that is to invite him out here so we can show him that we
aren't any different from any other teenager."

Sean stopped for a minute but before Steve had a chance to say anything
Sean said, "I know that you guys are going to be worried that Brain might
beat me up again.  Aaron and Colby both said the same thing but I really
don't think that he would do that.  I think that he has changed.  Besides
it's not like I would ever be out here by myself with Brian.  I will always
have Aaron and or Colby out here even if you guys aren't out here with us.
And once David, Eric, and TJ move down here they will always be here as
well."

Steve and I listened and I for one was impressed that a 14 yo had put this
much thought into his argument.  Once Sean seamed to be done Steve said,
"When you first said you wanted to bring Brain out here I wanted to say
hell no, but after listening to you I can see you have put a lot of thought
into this idea but before I give you an answer I would like to think about
it for a bit.  Why don't you guys go out for your horse back ride and let
Steve and I discus it."

Sean smiled and jumped up and gave Steve a hug before hugging me.  He was
so excited that Steve hadn't just said no and was going to at least give
his idea some thought.  After he gave us a hug he looked over at the guys,
with this hug smile on his face and said, "Come on guys lets ride out to
the big pond."

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Tue, 20 Nov 2012 22:53:09 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 45

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A huge thanks to Greg ,Aaron and Rob for their editing services.


Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

The judge sat back still looking at Brian right in the eye saying, "Brian I
do not want to see you in my court room again.  With that said, this court
stands in recess.  Brian the court clerk will have some documents for you
to sign and after that you are free to leave.  Good luck son."  The judge
then looked over at Sean saying, "Sean I wish you good luck as well and I
hope to hear nothing but good things about you."  With that the judge stood
as the bailiff called for everyone to stand.

Once the judge had left Brian collapsed in his chair sopping in his hands.
Both his mom and dad came around the railing to hug and console their son.
Sean was the first of our group to move from our seats and walked straight
over to Brian and his family.  Brian had calmed down a bit and stood up
when he noticed Sean standing in front of him.

 We all watched as Sean extended his hand out to shake Brian's hand.  We
couldn't hear what he said but Brian smiled.  Sean then shook Brian's
father's hand before extending his hand to Brian's mother who instead of
shaking Sean's hand, pulled him into a hug.

The rest of us all made our way to where Sean and Brian where.  Steve and I
introduced ourselves and then everyone else to Brian and his family.  On
one really knew what to say but I got the feeling they were just as glad as
we were that this was now all behind us.  Well at least all but Dennis'
trial.

*********** Chapter 45 ***********

After we all left the court house we stopped to get something to eat.  It
was nice to have everyone there to include Colby's mom.  I got the feeling
that Colby really missed having her in his life on a day to day basis. As
we were sitting there I could see that I was going to have to sit down and
have a talk with Colby to make sure that he was doing ok.  It's going to be
a tough few weeks on him with his dad's trial approaching.

After we finished eating we went home to change.  Since we all had the rest
of the day off we figured we would go out to the ranch and do some work out
there.  I was amazed at how much had changed since the last time I had been
out at the ranch.  Most days the boys ran out after school to feed and
water the horses and it had been almost a month since I had been out there.


I was really surprised at how much the contractors had gotten done already.
It seams with Jose coordinating most everything for us things are going to
get done quick.  The goal is for the house, mess hall and new barn to be
done by the time school lets out in the spring.  That way when Eric, Dave
and TJ finish their semester out at their current school they could move up
here.

You could see the slap foundations for the main house and the two bunk
houses, one running off each of the back corners of the main house.  The
framing was in place for the mess hall building which will be directly
behind the main house.  Basically the four buildings form a diamond if you
would look at them from above.  All the buildings will be connected by a
covered porch running between each building so in bad weather one could
walk between each building without getting wet.  And then in the middle of
all of it will be Connor's pool.  At least that was he is calling it since
it was his idea when we were talking about the design.

After we walked around looking at how much work they contractors had gotten
done already we figured we had better get out of their way so we drove down
to the old barn.  On the way we saw the materials for the new barn that is
going to be much bigger and closer to the back of the mess hall the the
current one.

Once we got down to the barn we all helped getting the barn cleaned out and
the stalls loaded with new straw.  The boys decided they wanted to take
their horses out for a ride.  Sean said, "We need to ride out and check the
level of the stock ponds.  Grandpa Jose asked me to check them the next
time we were out here ridding."

Steve said, "Sounds like you have your marching orders then.  Mike and I
will just hang out here and enjoy the nice weather."  You got to love the
Texas weather in January.  It wasn't to bad in the sun.  Have to enjoy
being in the sun now so when summer gets here and it's 105 degrees out you
can't be in the sun at all.

The boys all got their horses saddled.  Aaron needed a little help with his
but soon enough all four where all climbing up into the saddle and heading
out to check the stock ponds.

Steve and I found a blanket to lay out on the ground on the back side of
the barn, out of sight from all the workers working on the house.  It felt
so nice to lay out in the sun.  Haven't done that in many years.  Steve
laid down next to me grabbing my hand and we just laid there for awhile
holding hands enjoying the warm sun on our bodies.  I think we both fell
asleep for a bit.  I woke up to Steve's lips touching mine.  His lips are
so soft.  We made out for what seamed like hours.  It was so nice to be
able to lay out in the sun and make out with Steve without any one being
able to see us.  I think I'm really going to enjoy living out here in the
country.

Steve started kissing his way down the left side of my neck, which drove me
crazy.  At the same time I felt his right hand move down my abs, stopping
on my hardening cock.  In moments he had me rock hard and straining against
my jeans aching to be released.  Somehow Steve managed to undo the front of
my paints, reaching into my briefs and grabbing a hold of my rock hard dick
stroking it slowly up and down it's shaft.

As I started to moan a bit, Steve stopped his assault on my neck and moved
down to take my hard dick in his warm mouth.  Steve started to move up and
down my shaft with his mouth stopping to swirl his tongue around the head
causing me to moan a little loader.  Once Steve had my dick good and lubed
up with his mouth grabbed my dick with his hand and used both his hand and
mouth driving me closer and closer to shooting.  It only took a minute or
so once he went to work before I was shooting my load down Steve's throat.
Once Steve had sucked every last drop out of me he moved back up to my lips
for another make out session.  I could taste my own load as our tongues
battled inside Steve's mouth.

While Steve and I were having our fun behind the barn the boys had made
there way out to the furthest stock pond.  Once they got there Aaron
moaned, "I need to take a break!  My ass is sore as hell!"  The rest of the
boys all laughed as they stopped their horses and climbed down.

All four seamed to be walking a little bow legged after their long ride.
Especially Aaron.  He has the least amount of time riding horses.  Once
they were down off the horses they led them down to the edge of the water
and let the horses get a drink.  After the horses had their fill of water
they all walked the horses back up the bank and tied them up.  Colby and
Sean walked over to a grassy area under a huge oak tree laid down in the
nice grass.  Aaron said, "I think I need to keep walking around a bit to
stretch my legs or I will never make it back.

Aaron really wasn't in that much pain but sensed Colby wanted some alone
time with Sean.  Sensing this he said, "Come on Conner, want to walk around
the pond with me?"  Aaron and Connor grabbed the rains to their horses and
started to walk around to the other side of the pone while Colby and Sean
laid in the cool grass.  Once Arron and Connor were out of ear shot Colby
rolled over on his side and then leaned over on Sean.

Colby looked into Sean's eyes saying, "I'm so proud of you and how you
handled yourself in court today.  You are one amazing person."  With that
Colby leaned down and gave his boyfriend a kiss.

Sean pulled his boyfriend in and enjoyed the little make out session.  Sean
really like making out with his boyfriend.  He loved how soft Colby's soft
lips felt against his and the felling of his tongue wrestling with his
tongue.  He especially liked the little squeaks and moans Colby made while
they were making out.

After they made out for a little bit Colby laid his head on Sean's chest
and slowly ran his hand around his abs enjoying there alone time.  Sean was
slowly running his fingers through Colby's hair as he thought about all
that had happened today.

As Sean ran his hands through Colby's hair he said, "I think we should
invite Brian out here to the ranch some time so we can all get to know each
other better."

Colby sat up on one elbow and looked at Sean with a very questioning look
on his face saying, "Let me get this straight.  You want to invite the guy
that beat you to an inch of your life so we can get to know him better?
Are you insane?"

Sean smiled a little, "Maybe I am but I really think that Brain is trying
to change his mind set and I think by bringing him out here so he can get
to know us better it will help him see that we are not any different to his
other friends except that we like guys."  Colby said, "I don't know.  What
happens if he thinks you are trying to turn him gay and takes you off out
here somewhere and beats the hell out of you again or god for bit even
worse, kills you?"

Sean laughed a little bit, "I really don't think that he would do that but
it's not like him and I would ever be out here alone.  We always come out
here as a group, you me, Aaron and Connor.  We can just invite him to come
out with all of us some time."

Colby thought for a minute, trying to come up with something to convince
his boyfriend that inviting the guy that almost killed you out to your
ranch was not a good idea.  He couldn't so he said, "You better run this by
your dads and make sure they are ok with it.  Not sure they will think it
is a good idea."  With that Colby laid his head back down on Sean's chest
while they waited for Aaron and Connor to get back from there walk around
the pond.

Once they got back they all started back towards the barn.  While they were
riding Sean told Aaron and Connor of his plan to invite Brian out to the
ranch.  They both sided with Colby and didn't think it was a good idea but
Sean was convinced that it was a good idea.

It took them almost and hour to ride back to the barn.  Once back they
tended to their horses before heading back up to where the main house is
being built where they found Steve and I watching the workers.  Sean had
asked the rest of the boys not to say anything to me or Steve about his
idea of inviting Brian.  He told them he wanted to thing about it a bit
before he brought up the idea to Steve and I.

On the way back home we stopped at our favorite BBQ joint for some dinner.
I noticed during the ride back into town the boys seamed a little quiet for
some reason.  Once we were got our food and sat down at a table I said,
"Are you guys OK?  You guys are usually talking up a storm when we come
home from the ranch but today you are all very quiet."

I noticed the three of them all look at Sean before all making excuses that
they were all just really tired from the trial and then the long ride
today.  I looked over at Steve and I could see that he also knew something
was up with the boys.  We both knew our boys well enough that they would
come to us when they were ready to talk to us so we didn't push the issue
any more for the night and went back to enjoying our BBQ plates.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2012 21:23:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 44

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A huge thanks to Greg and Aaron for their editing services.


Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

The judge looked over at Brain and saw the two of them looking at each
other eye to eye and then said, "OK I thank you again Sean and you are
excused and may have a seat with your family."  Sean got up from the
witness stand and came to sit with us.  As he walked by Colby's mom and
Colby they both gave him a hug as did Steve and I.  We made room for Colby
to sit next to his dad and Colby who immediately took hold of Sean's hand
not caring who saw.

Then judge took a few moments to make some notes and then turned to Brain
saying, "Brian before I pass my sentence on you is there any thing you
would like to say?"

********** Chapter 44 **********

Brian stood before he started, "Yes sir I would like to say a few things."
The judge told him to go ahead.

Brian turned and looked Sean straight in the eye before continuing, "Sir,
first I would like to publicly tell Sean how sorry I am.  I know what I did
to him was wrong and horrible and I so wish I could take back all the pain
that I caused you and your family Sean."

Still looking at Sean with tears forming in his eyes, Brian went on, "I can
not give you a reason why I did what I did.  I can't explain why I disliked
gay guys except that it is something that I grew up with."

Brian looked over at his mom and dad for a second with tears rolling down
his checks before looking back over at Sean saying, "I have learned that it
is wrong to dislike people just because of how they live their lives or
their sexuality.  Both me and my parents are in counseling where we are
working on or prejudices as a family."

As Brian spoke I looked over at Sean and Colby who were discretely holding
each others hand and noticed they both had tears running down their faces.
Brian had to stop for a moment to get control of his emotions before he
continued, "Sean I know what I did to you was wrong and I hope that someday
you and your family can find it in your harts to forgive me."

Brian then looked back at the judge saying, "Sir I will except any
punishment that you deem appropriate and I thank your for the opportunity
to publicly apologize to Sean and his family" With that Brian turned to
look back at his mom and dad who were seated right behind him before taking
his seat.

Then judge said, "Brain I thank you for your statement and it will be taken
into consideration.  With that said this court will stand in recess while I
make my decision."  As soon as the judge finished speaking the bailiff
asked everyone to rise as the judge left the room.

Once the judge entered his chambers we all looked at each other for a
moment.  Steve pulled Sean into a huge as I watched Cobly's mom do the
same.  I think we were all relieved that this whole ordeal was just about
over.

I looked over at Brian who had went over to sit with his mom and dad.  His
mom was rubbing his back as Brian leaned forward holding his head with his
hands.  You could see the worry on his face and I couldn't help but feel
sorry for the young man.  After hearing what he had to say I realized that
Brian's prejudices were something that was taught to him by his family.  I
was also glad to hear that he and his family were in counseling and with
any luck they will all learn a few things.

As we were waiting I kept seeing Sean look over at Brian, sometimes
watching Brian for a few minutes without looking away.  I could tell that
Sean was thinking about something, and by the way he kept looking over at
Brian I know it had something to do with him.

It had been about a half hour since the judge had gone to his chambers to
decide Brian's fate and we were all quietly talking in the court room in
several little groups.  Sean, Colby and Aaron were all taking to each other
off by themselves while Connor hung around with Steve, Linda, and I.

As we were all chatting I saw Sean leave his little group and slowly walk
over to where Brian was seated with his family.  Colby took a step to
follow Sean but Aaron grabbed his arm and stopped him from following.  What
ever they had talked about I think Aaron realized that this was something
Sean needed to do on his own.  Steve and I both watched Sean as he walked
up to Brian and asked Brian if he could speak to him.  Brian looked at his
parents and then back at Sean before he stood and followed Sean.  They
walked over to the other side of the court room for some privacy.  We
couldn't hear what they were saying but we could see that it was a serious
conversation.

Once they were away from everyone else in the court room, Sean looked up at
Brian who stood quite a bit taller than Sean.  Sean had to clear his throat
before saying, "I just want to tell you in person that I accept your
apology and I'm glad that you and your family are seeking counseling.  I
just wanted to ask you a question if you don't mind.

Brian had his hands in his pockets and was looking down at his feet as Sean
spoke and really didn't look up when he answered, "Sure Sean, I will answer
any question you have, but I want to say again how sorry I am that I did
what I did."

Sean said, "Brian I have accepted your apology so please don't feel like
you need to keep saying your sorry.  I did want to ask you if you could
tell me if there was something I ever did to you that caused you to dislike
me so much?"

Brian just looked back at Sean for a couple of minutes before he answered,
"There was one time that you were in the shower at the school after I had
finished working out.  When I came into the shower I noticed that you
looked at me and I don't know why but it made me feel very uncomfortable.
As I showered I felt like you were watching my so I took a very short
shower and as I left the shower I noticed that you had a hard on which kind
of creeped me out.  I had never experienced anything like that and with the
way I was raised to hate gay people it just freaked me out.  I'm not saying
that you did anything to me or say anything to me to make be think that you
were hitting on my or anything, it's just when I saw you with a hard on in
the shower with me it freaked me out."

I think everyone in the court room was watching Brian and Sean as they
continued to speak.  Sean tried to make a little joke saying, "Yeah some
times it just has a mind of it's own."

Brian laughed a little saying, "Yeah I remember I was the same way when I
was your age.  But Sean please know that you didn't do anything and I know
that now.  Going to counseling has shown me that some of the things my
family taught me are so wrong and I'm working on changing those things."

As Sean and Brian continued to talk I could see that Sean was relaxing a
little bit.  You could see that his body wasn't so tensed up and he had
taken his hands out of his pants pockets.  Sean said, "It really makes me
happy that you and your family are seeking counseling.  I would really like
to talk with you some time about that if you would consider that some day."

Brian answered, "I think I that would actually help me deal with some of my
issues, so yeah I would like to do that."

The judge was just about to tap on the little window in the door leading
from his office to the court room to have the bailiff call the room to
order when he saw Brian and Sean talking.  The judge stood there for
several minutes watching Sean and Brian talk back and forth.  As he watched
the two boys talk he was rethinking the decision he had just made about
Brian's punishment and he wanted to know what the two boys where talking
about.  He watched for a couple of more minutes before he tapped on the
window to get the bailiff to call the court room back to order.

After hearing the bailiff call the court room to order, everyone walked
back to their seats but remained standing while the judge entered the court
room.  Once the judge had taken his seat everyone else took their seats.
It seamed like it took the judge several minutes to get his papers in order
before he looked up.  The judged looked over at our group for a moment
before he looked over at Brian before he spoke, "I would like to say a
couple of things before I announce my decision.  First off I want to say
how impressed I am with how everyone involved in this proceedings has
handled themselves in such a professional manner and I want to commend you
all for that."

The judge looked over at Sean saying, "Sean I can see that you are a very
strong young man with a forgiving heart and I'm sure you will grow to be a
fine citizen in this community.  I'm sure your parents are very proud of
you."

Steve looked over at me and we both gave each other a little wink and
smile.  The judge then turned to Brian.

"Brain, I would also like to commend you on the way you handled yourselves
today.  It takes a strong young man to stand up and admit he has done
wrong.  I'm sure that you will over come this set back in your life and
become a fine young man."

The judge looked back down at his papers for a couple of minutes making
some notations on them.  It looked like to me that he was striking out some
thing and then writing something down.  He looked over at Brian again
saying, "Brian will you please stand.  Brian I have read through the case
file and listened to what Sean has said as well as your statement."  There
was a long pause before the judge continued, "Brian after listening to
everything presented I came back into this court room with a punishment
that I feel fit the crime that you have pleaded guilty to."  Again the
judge paused for a couple of minutes before he continued.  I could see that
he was rethinking his decision.

Still looking at Brain, as he stood there with his lawyer at his side and
his parents seated right behind him, his mother wiping the tears from her
eyes, the judge continued, "As I was about to enter this court room to
deliver my decision I saw you and Sean talking.  I could see that Sean has
truly forgiven you and as I watched the two of you converse I saw that the
two of you actually laugh a little.  After watching the two of you I
reconsidered my decision."

With one last pause he continued, "Brian I here by sentence you to two
years in jail after which you will serve one thousand hours of community
service."  Brian's mother started to cry out load.  I looked over at Brian
and he had tears rolling down his face and as I looked at Sean he also had
tears rolling down his face and was shaking his head back and forth quietly
saying no over and over.

Then the judge continued, "However after seeing the two of you speaking
with one another I am going to suspend the jail sentence for two years with
with a few stipulations."  Everyone got control of their emotions as we all
waited for the judge to finish.  "Fist you will continue with your
counseling, second you will work with your school principle to form a gay
and straight alliance group for your school and third you will have any
trouble with the laws of this state what so ever."

The judge took his glasses off and leaned forward in his chair saying,
"Brian this means if do not meat those requirements and I hear that you get
stopped for J walking I will revoke your suspension and you will serve the
entire two year in jail.  Do you understand this sir?"

Brian cleared his throat before answering, "Yes Sir I do and I promise you
and Sean that I will follow through with each and every stipulation."

The judge sat back still looking at Brian right in the eye saying, "Brian I
do not want to see you in my court room again.  With that said, this court
stands in recess.  Brian the court clerk will have some documents for you
to sign and after that you are free to leave.  Good luck son."  The judge
then looked over at Sean saying, "Sean I wish you good luck as well and I
hope to hear nothing but good things about you."  With that the judge stood
as the bailiff called for everyone to stand.

Once the judge had left Brian collapsed in his chair sopping in his hands.
Both his mom and dad came around the railing to hug and console their son.
Sean was the first of our group to move from our seats and walked straight
over to Brian and his family.  Brian had calmed down a bit and stood up
when he noticed Sean standing in front of him.

 We all watched as Sean extended his hand out to shake Brian's hand.  We
couldn't hear what he said but Brian smiled.  Sean then shook Brian's
father's hand before extending his hand to Brian's mother who instead of
shaking Sean's hand, pulled him into a hug.

The rest of us all made our way to where Sean and Brian where.  Steve and I
introduced ourselves and then everyone else to Brian and his family.  On
one really knew what to say but I got the feeling they were just as glad as
we were that this was now all behind us.  Well at least all but Dennis'
trial.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 20)

Date: Mon, 10 Sep 2012 15:32:09 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 43

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A huge thanks to Greg and Aaron for their editing services.


Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

After a couple of minutes to let Aaron come down off his orgasmic high
Connor got up and went the bathroom getting a warm wet wash cloth.  Connor
returned to his bed handing Aaron the wash cloth so he could clean himself
up.  Connor sat on the side of the bed waiting for Aaron to finish.  Once
Aaron was finished Connor took the wash cloth from him and tossed it into
his dirty clothes basket.  Aaron had turned back around in the bed as
Connor climbed back in cuddling up against Aaron.  Aaron pulled the sheets
up over the two of them and pulling Connor into him.  Aaron whispered, "Are
you OK?"

Connor whispered back, "I'm great.  I have wanted to try that for a long
time now.  I hope your not mad at me."

Aaron kissed Connor on the cheek saying, "There is no way I could be mad at
my little bud.  Now go to sleep.  I don't want you falling asleep in school
tomorrow."

Connor snuggled up against Aaron so he could feel Aaron's soft cock pressed
up against his smooth ass as he closed his eyes to go to sleep.



**********
   Chapter 43
 *********

I was up and gone to work before any of the boys or Steve were even awake.
I love getting off work at 3pm but hate having to go in so damn early.
Steve made sure all the boys were awake before he left for PT.  He was
surprised when he looked in Sean and Colby's room and didn't find Aaron on
the top bunk.  After waking Sean and Colby up he asked, "Did Aaron decide
to go home last night after all?"

Colby was still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes and hadn't even noticed
that he was sitting on the side of the bed naked with a bit of morning wood
for all to see.  Steve couldn't help but smile a little as Colby answered,
"I thought he was staying but he never came into our room last night."

Steve then went to wake Connor and was even a little more surprised when he
found Aaron in bed with Connor with Connor still snuggled up against Aaron
and Aaron's arm draped over Connor's side.  Steve called out, "Connor,
Aaron, time to get up."  Steve waited for Connor or Aaron to answer him
before he continued, "I'm headed to work and will see you guys tonight.
Love Ya guys."

Aaron mumbled, "Have a good day." as he started to rub the sleep out of his
eyes.  Aaron was blind as a bat without his contacts in so everything was a
blur at the moment.  Aaron and Connor laid in bed for a bit longer letting
themselves become fully awake.  Connor was still cuddled up against Aaron
as he stretched his almost fourteen year old body.  As he did he could feel
Aaron's morning wood pressing against his back.  Connor reached reached
behind him taking hold of Aaron's hard-on and gave it a couple of stokes
saying, "Does this thing ever go down?"

Aaron laughed a bit and said, "Not when I have a little hottie laying next
to me."

Connor laughed a little before he climbed out of bed and headed to the
shower.  Aaron got up and slipped on his boxers before going out to the
kitchen and pouring himself a cup of coffee.  Sean and Colby came into the
kitchen right behind him.  Sean asked, "Where did you sleep last night?"

Aaron said, "When I went to open your door last night I heard you two
making out so I thought I would let you guys have your privacy so I slept
in Connor's bed."

Colby answered, "I bet Connor liked that."

Aaron didn't say anything but quickly changed the subject saying, "Are we
going in for our workout and showering at school or here?"

Sean said, "We are not skipping our workouts.  I'm liking the results I'm
seeing."  As he said this Sean let his hand lightly run down Colby's bare
chest and abbs.

They all laughed and then got some breakfast for themselves.  By the time
they were done eating Connor was out of the shower and dressed for school.
Aaron, Sean and Colby had all gotten their stuff ready and were about to
leave.  Aaron asked Connor if he wanted them to drop him off at Hunters
house but Connor said he would just walk so the three of them hopped into
Aaron's jeep and drove off to the high school to hit the gym before class.
Connor waited about twenty minutes and then walked to Hunters house and the
two of them walked to the middle school.

That weekend I figured we needed to get the boys out of the house for a bit
so we planned another weekend on the lake.  We spent most of Saturday out
on the lake.  Of course both Aaron and Hunter joined us so it was a lot of
fun.  Sunday we wall went to church and then out to lunch before spending
the rest of the day laying around the house watching movies.

Before we knew it it was the day of Brian's sentencing hearing.  Both Steve
and I took the day off so we could take Sean to the court house.  We took
Colby and Connor out of school for the day.  We figured they wouldn't be
able to concentrate on school work any way.  And besides I think Cobly
would have skipped school and run the fifteen miles to the court house to
be with Sean.

We didn't need to be at the court house until 10 am so I got up and made a
nice breakfast for everyone.  After breakfast Steve took Sean aside and
asked him if he was OK and if he had thought about what he wanted to say in
court.  Sean assured his dad that he was fine and told him that he had
given it a lot of thought and was pretty sure of what he was going to say
in court.

After we all got dressed for court we all loaded up into my truck to head
up to court.  When we pulled in the parking lot I noticed Aaron's jeep
parked in the second row.  I knew he wouldn't miss being there for Sean.

We got checked in and the prosecuting attorney asked Sean to come into his
office.  Steve stood to go with Sean but the the attorney asked if it was
alright if he spoke to Sean alone.  After Sean was inside the office the
attorney told Steve he wanted to speak with Sean alone so he was sure Sean
could handle himself on the stand.

About thirty minutes later Sean came out and the attorney said, "You got
one remarkable young man there.  I'm sure he will do just fine today.
Court will begin in about ten minutes so if you all would like to make your
way into the court room I will take Sean to the witness waiting room."

As we made our way to the court room we saw Colby's mother waiting just
outside.  Colby went straight for her and gave her a hug.  After letting go
of her son she gave both Connor and Aaron a hug and then shook both mine
and Steve's hand before saying, "I hope you don't mind that I'm here.  I
just wanted to be here to support Sean and Colby through this."

Steve smiled at her and said, "Thank you, and we are very glad that you are
here."

The bailiff came to the door and told us court was about to start so we
needed to come inside and take a seat.  We all went in and took our seats
behind the prosecuting attorney in the fist row of seats.  Aaron took his
seat first with Connor following him.  I followed Connor so I could keep an
eye on him since I knew Steve would be focused on Sean when he came into
the court room.  Steve followed me and took the seat next to me followed by
Colby and his mom.  Once we were all seated I looked over at Colby and
noticed he and his mom were holding hands.  I think it really meant a lot
to Colby that his mother was there to show her support to both him and
Sean.

As we took our seats I noticed Brian's parents and what I assume where some
of his other family or friends were already in the court room and seated
behind the defense table.  Just before court was called to order Brian and
his attorney entered the court room from a side room and took their seats.
The bailiff ordered everyone to stand and called the court to order as the
Judge came in and took his seat.  Once the Judge was seated the bailiff
told everyone to be seated.

Everyone sat quiet for a few minutes while the judge seamed to get his
papers organized and looked over a few documents before he cleared his
throat and then said, "Good morning everyone.  We are here today for the
sentencing hearing for Mr. Brian Moore.  Let the record reflect that
Mr. Moore is present in the court room with his attorney Mr. Goodrich along
with Mr. Muller who is representing the state."

The judge looked over at Brian as he continued, "Mr. Moore I have a few
things to go over with you before we get into the sentencing part of this
hearing and if you don't have any objections I would like to dispense with
some of the formalities of this court and address you by your first name.
If that's OK with you?"

Brian who was dressed in a nice brown suit answered very quietly, "That is
fine sir."

The judge then continued, "Thank you Brian but I'm going to need you to
speak up for me as my hearing is not what it used to be and I have to
actually hear your answers to the questions I'm about to ask you."

Brian cleared his throat and said, "Yes sir." a little loader this time.

"Very good Brian, now has your attorney explained to you and answered any
questions you or your parents have concerning the plea agreement you have
indicated you would like to enter into with the state?"

Brian said, "Yes sir he has and I understand the plea agreement."

The judge nodded his head as he continued, "Good, and you understand that
you have agreed to testify for the state in regards to the state's case
against a Mr. Dennis Jones.  And for this testimony the state has agreed to
drop the charges of aggravated assault, which is a felony and instead, has
accepted the charge of assault with bodily injury which is a misdemeanor.
And do you also understand that if you fail to hold up to this agreement
the state can reinstated the felony charge of aggravated assault."

Brian answered, "Yes sir I understand."

"OK then Brian are you ready to enter a plea to this court to the
misdemeanor charge of assault with bodily injury and if so what is that
plea."

Both Brian and his attorney stood before Brian said, "Sir I would like to
enter a plea of guilty."

The judge said, "Thank you Brian." and then looked over at the prosecuting
attorney and asked, "Mr. Muller does the state have any objections to this
plea?"

Mr. Muller stood and said, "No your honor, the state has no objections to a
plea of guilty."

The judge said, "Thank you sir, and Brian you may be seated.  The court
accepts your plea." while making several notes on the documents he had in
front of him.  The judge continued, "We will now begin the sentencing
portion of this hearing.  Mr. Muller does the state have any
recommendations to this court."

Mr. Muller stood before saying, "Your honor, due to the severity of this
assault the state recommends the maximum sentence sir."

The judge smiled a little and before saying, "Why doesn't that surprise me.
Mr. Muller does the victim of this assault wish to speak to this court?"

Mr. Muller, who was still standing said, "Yes your honor, Mr. Sean Bracero,
the victim of this assault would like to speak."

"Very well, bailiff would you escort Mr. Bracero to the court room please."

As the bailiff went to get Sean. I looked over at Steve and Colby and could
see the worry on their faces.  I took hold of Steve's hand and discretely
held it between us, giving it a little squeeze to give him a little
reassurance.

Sean came into the court room and immediately looked around to find us.
The bailiff escorted Sean to the witness box and I saw him make eye contact
with Brian for the first time.  I could see him have to take a deep breath
to calm himself down.  The judge introduced himself to Sean and asked him
if he was OK.  I saw Sean nod that he was.  I looked over at Brian who kept
looking at Sean and then down at the table.

The judge began, "Mr. Bracero, is it alright if I call you Sean?.

Again Sean nodded, then the judge said, "Thank you Sean but for now on I
need to you to answer out load so everyone in the court room can hear your
answers, OK."

Sean answered, "Yes sir."

The judge nodded toward Mr. Muller who began, "Sean can you state your name
for the court please."

I could hear the nervousness in his voice as he answered, "Sean Michael
Bracero."

Mr. Muller then asked, "Sean where you assaulted earlier this year at the
high school?"

Sean, "Yes sir."

Mr. Muller said, "Can you tell the court what you remember happened that
day?"

Sean said, "I don't remember much of what actually happened.  I remember
most things before the assault and then it's pretty much a blank up to some
point in the hospital."

Mr. Muller said, "Just tell us what you remember in your own words."

Sean continued, "Well I remember going to school that day and was had just
finished one of my classes and as I normally did I took a short cut back to
the main building that my good friend Aaron had showed me.  I remember as I
walked around the back of the gym something hit me in the head and
everything went black.  I remember thinking to myself what had hit me and
then I remember thinking why I felt something hitting me over and over
again all over my body.  Then the next thing I remember is waking up in the
hospital and found out that some one had beaten me up."

As we sat a listened I could feel Steve squeeze my hand as the his anger
built in side of him.  I squeezed his hand to remind him that I was right
there.  I looked over at Colby and saw the tears running down his face.
His mom had let go of his hand and had rapped her arm around him to hold
him.  I wanted to do the same thing to Steve but know that I couldn't do
that out in public.  Aaron had put his arm around Connor who also had tears
running down his face.  I could tell that Sean was avoiding making eye
contact with anyone but Mr. Muller.  I'm sure he knew that if he made eye
contact with one of us and saw us crying that he wouldn't be able to keep
control of his emotions.

Mr. Muller then asked, "Sean can you tell the court the extent of your
injuries?"

Sean had to take a few seconds before he could answer, "I remember being
told that my Brian had swollen due to the trauma to my head and that they
had put me into a drug induced comma for a few days to allow the swelling
to go down.  I also had a broken right arm and some broken ribs along with
a lot of cuts and bruises."

Mr. Muller then asked, "How did you find out who had caused these injuries
to you."

Sean stated, "Well I remember become very scared in the locker room after
practice one day.  My friends Aaron and Colby were with me.  I was waiting
on them to finish showering.  Brian was also in the locker room and when he
walked by me the smell of his cologne freaked me out because I remember
smelling that same smell when I was attacked.  When I got home Aaron and
Colby told my dads what had happened and Mike called the investigator and
told him.  The detective went to Brian's house and I guess Brian confessed.
Later my dads told me that it was Brian that had attacked me."

Mr. Muller gave Sean a few seconds to keep his emotions under control
before he asked the his next question.  "Sean can you tell the court how
this attack has affected your life?


Sean again took a couple of deep breaths before he started.  "Well besides
the pain of the actual attack I missed a few weeks of school and missed out
on the second half of my first year of being on the school swim team.  I
couldn't swim with the cast on my arm.  Missing school wasn't that big of a
deal because a lot of my friends would bring my home work to me at the
hospital and with the help of Aaron and Colby I was able to keep up with my
school work.  I guess the biggest thing was feeling scared and vulnerable
when I went back to school because at that time I didn't know who had
attached me so I was scared to be by myself.  Aaron and Colby and some
other friends made sure that I was never alone so after a few days it got
better."

Mr. Muller said, "OK Sean your doing fine and I only have one more question
for you.  Now that you know it was Brian that attacked you how do you feel
towards Brian?"

Sean was silent for a couple of minutes.  The judge looked over at Sean and
asked if he was OK.  Sean said, "Yes sir, I'm am.  I have been thinking
about this since I was told that I would have to testify today and to be
honest I'm not sure how I feel towards Brian.  I don't understand why he or
anyone else would attack a person that hadn't done anything to him.  I
think that Brian realized that I am gay and for what ever reason he thought
that my being gay effected him some how.  I'm not sure how since I have
never really talked to Brian.  He was on the football team and I was on the
swim team.  About the only time I ever saw Brian was in the school gym or
in the locker room.  I would like to know if I did something to Brian.  I
don't hate Brian and I want Brian to get the help that he needs and to know
that he can't do what he did to me to any one else.  My dad asked me what I
thought should happen to Brian and at first I wanted him to go to jail for
this and I hoped that someone would beat him up like he did me.  But then I
thought would good would that do.  Brian is young and has his whole life
ahead of him.  Now I just want him to get some help so he can understand
why what he did to me is wrong and once he figures that out to explain it
to me why he did what he did."

Mr. Muller let everyone think about what Sean had said for a few moments
before he said, "Sean is there anything else that you would like to say?"

Sean said he did not and Mr. Muller told the judge that the state was
finished.  The judge looked over at Sean saying, "Thank you Sean for coming
in today.  You seam to be a fine young man and I'm sorry that this happen
to you.  I do have just one question for you.  You understand that Brian
has plead guilty to a misdemeanor of assault with bodily injury.  That
offense carries a punishment of up to two to ten years in prison and or a
ten thousand dollar fine.  In your statement you just gave you said that
you didn't want to see Brian go to jail is that correct?"

Sean looked over at Brian for the first time and saw tears running down
Brian's face.  Looking Brian right in the eyes he answered, "No sir I don't
want Brian to go to jail for this.  I don't think it would allow Brian get
the help he needs to understand what he did was wrong and why it was
wrong."

The judge looked over at Brian and saw the two of them looking at each
other eye to eye and then said, "OK I thank you again Sean and you are
excused and may have a seat with your family."  Sean got up from the
witness stand and came to sit with us.  As he walked by Colby's mom and
Colby they both gave him a hug as did Steve and I.  We made room for Colby
to sit next to his dad and Colby who immediately took hold of Sean's hand
not caring who saw.

Then judge took a few moments to make some notes and then turned to Brian
saying, "Brian before I pass my sentence is there any thing you would like
to say?"

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 21)

Date: Tue, 21 Aug 2012 22:27:08 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 42

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A huge thanks to Greg and Aaron for their editing services.

I'm sorry this chapter has taken so long to be posted.  This summer has
been very busy for me with a two week vacation backpacking in the mountains
along with work.  Please know that I have more chapters in the works.  I'm
just having trouble finding the time to get them from my head to the paper.
Please be patient with me.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

The next morning Steve and I got up and after sitting outside in the cool
morning air having our coffee, we went in and started to fix a big
breakfast for what we knew would be a bunch of hungry boys when they got
up.  It was more of a brunch since we let them sleep in to almost ten
o'clock before we turned Max loose on them to wake them all up.

After brunch and showers we all went out to the ranch.  Steve and I spent
some time walking around the property looking for the perfect spot to put
the new house and other buildings.  We decided we really like the idea of
having a big mess hall like the one on the Smith Ranch.  We also talked
about having a smaller place for the two of us with the bunk houses running
off the main house and the mess hall beyond that.  As we were talking the
boys were all giving their two cents.  One idea we liked was a big swimming
pool in the middle of the court yard between the mess hall, bunk houses and
the main house.  It was Connor's idea and everyone thought it was a great
idea.  When we left the ranch that evening we had a general idea of how we
would like to set up all the living quarters and mess hall so when we went
to meet with Mr. Smith we could share those ideas.

*********** Chapter 42 ***********

The following Monday after the new year it was back to school for the boys
and back to a normal schedule for Steve and I.  It took a few days to get
back into our normal routine.  For the most part the swimming season was
over but Aaron, Colby and Sean still went in to school early each day to
get in some laps in the pool.  They also started to hit the gym three days
a week.  After just a few weeks into the new year both Steve and I noticed
their workouts were paying off.  All three of them had more muscle
definition and both Colby and Sean had bulked up a little bit.  They were
all turning into very sexy young men.

Right after the new year David, Eric and TJ all went back to San Antonio to
the Smith Ranch.  All three had made the decision to finish their year at
their current school and then over the summer they would transfer up here
to finish their classes at our local college while working for us on our
new ranch.

It was just three weeks into the new year that we were notified that
Dennis' trail would start the first week of February.  We found out that
Brain had pleaded guilty to the assault on Sean and would be testifying
against Dennis at his trial.  Even though Brain had plead guilty, the
prosecuting attorney still wanted Sean to testify at Brain's sentencing
hearing which would be held the week before Dennis' trial.

The day that Steve was notified of all this, he called me at work and
informed me.  We agreed that we would tell the boys that night at dinner.
I texted Aaron and told him we would like him to stay for dinner.  Aaron
was still bringing the boys home from school each afternoon and would hang
out at our place for awhile, but most nights he would go home for dinner
and to spend some time with his family.

That night on my way home from work I stopped and picked up some brisket
from the local BBQ place and then went home to start making some home made
potato salad and some baked beans.  Connor was the first one home.  He and
his best friend Hunter grabbed a quick snack and then went into Connor's
room to work on some home work.

The other three boys came in about an hour later.  As growing teenage boys
do they all dropped their school packs just inside the door and went
straight for the kitchen.  Sean got them all a bottle of water and grabbed
each a snack bar.  They all sat down at the breakfast bar to scarf down
their snacks.  Sean asked me what we were having for dinner.  After I told
him Sean looked over at Aaron saying, "Your staying for brisket right?"

Aaron looked at me and smiled, saying, "Sure, if Mike and Steve don't
mind."

Without looking over at the boys I answered, "Aaron you know your welcome
at this house any time.  No need to ever ask.  Why don't you all get your
school packs picked up and get any home work you have done before Steve
gets home so we can eat as soon as he cleans up."

They all took off to Sean and Colby's room leaving me to finish up dinner
before Steve got home.  About an hour later I heard the garage door open
and moments later Steve walked in the door.  As Steve came into the kitchen
I noticed he had a bit of a worried look on his face.  I'm sure that he had
been thinking about telling Sean about having to testify in Brian's
sentencing trial.  I stopped what I was doing and pulled Steve into a kiss
and hug.  As I hugged him I whispered, "Try not to worry too much.  Sean is
a strong young man and he will deal with this just fine."

Steve whispered back, "I know but I can't help but worry about him having
to relive all that horror again."

About that time Connor and Hunter came from Connor's room walking towards
the kitchen.  Hunter said he had to get home for dinner and thanked us for
letting him come over.  Steve still had his arm around my waist knowing
that Hunter was cool with our relationship as he said, "Hunter, there is no
need to thank us every time you come over.  You are welcome here any time."

Hunter smiled saying thanks again before turning towards the front door.
Connor followed him to see him out.  As they walked to the front door we
heard Hunter say, "Connor you have two really cool dads."

Connor just answered, "Yeah I know."

Steve looked back at me smiling giving me one more quick kiss before
heading to our bedroom to get out of his uniform.  As Steve walked passed
Connor in the living room Steve messed up Connor's hair.  Connor just
smiled saying, Daaaaaaaad, quit!"

Connor asked me if I needed any help with dinner.  All three of our boys
enjoyed cooking and I enjoy their willingness to help out in the kitchen so
I said, "Sure.  Can you keep an eye on the beans while I set the table.
Give them a taste and see if you think they need any more spices."

A few minutes later Steve came out from our room.  As he did I asked him to
tell the other three that dinner was ready.  Everyone came out to the
dinning room and sat around the table.  Connor helped place all the food on
the table and then took his seat.  We all talked back and forth, each
telling a little about his day at work or school.  The boys really liked
hearing about my days.  Especially if I had to chase anyone on foot or in
my car.  Boys will be boys.  As we were all just finishing up when Steve
said, "I got a call from the prosecuting attorney today.  He told me that
Brian has plead guilty to your assault Sean.  Brian has also agreed to
testify in Dennis' trial.  The bad news is that they want you to testify at
Brains sentencing hearing next Wednesday."

Steve and I were watching both Sean and Colby for their reaction to this
news.  Both seamed to handle the news without much concern.  Sean asked,
"What do they want me to say?"

Steve answered, "They will want to know how the assault has effected your
life and the judge may ask you what kind of punishment you think Brian
should receive."

Sean didn't say anything but you could tell that he was thinking about it.
Steve said, "Sean do you think you would be able to do that?"  Sean
answered back, "Sure but I would like to put some thought into it before
then.  Right now I'm not sure what I would want to say."

Steve continued, "He said that he didn't think that you would have to
testify at Dennis' trial.  He believed that he had all he needed with
Brian's testimony."  Sean just shook his head acknowledging what Steve had
said.  He didn't say any thing and looked like we was in deep thought.
Steve asked Sean if he had any questions and reminded him and the other
boys that if any of them did that they should come to us and asked them.

Sean and Colby helped Steve clean up after dinner and then joined the rest
of us in the living room.  We all took our usual spots when we hung out and
watched movies.  Steve joined me on the couch while Sean and Colby sat
together on the loveseat.  Connor was sitting in the oversized chair that
he and Aaron usually shared.  Aaron just picked Connor up and then sat down
in the chair with Connor in his lap.  Steve threw the remote to Sean and
Colby and told them to pick a movie on Netflex to watch.  Before long we
were all settled in enjoying the movie.

I looked over at Sean and Colby and watched them as Colby slowly ran his
fingers through Sean's hair while Sean ran his hands up and down Colby's
bare legs.  You could see the love they had for each other and I couldn't
help but smile a little.

When I glanced at Connor and Aaron saw Aaron slowly running his fingers up
and down Connors shoulders and back as he laid in Aaron's lap.  As I
watched I wandered if there was more than just the brotherly love between
them.  I know that Connor had a crush on Aaron but with the age difference
I wasn't sure if there was anything more.

I felt Steve move as he was leaning up against me.  When I looked down he
was looking at me.  I nodded my head toward Aaron and Connor.  When he
looked I saw him smile before looking back at me.  I'm sure he was having
the same thoughts about Aaron and Connor as I was.

The movie ended right at 10pm.  I told the boys it was time to get to bed
and as I looked back at Aaron and Connor I saw Connor was sound asleep.  I
asked Aaron if he was going to stay over or go home.  Aaron said, "If you
don't mind I thought I would just stay here after I put this one to bed."

Steve stood up and said, "You know we don't mind.  We will see you all in
the morning then."  Steve grabbed my hand, pulling me up and leading me off
to our bed room.  Sean and Colby had already walked into there bedroom and
started to get ready for bed.  Aaron stood up with Connor and carried him
into Connor's room.  Aaron laid Connor down on his bed and began to undress
him.  Once Connor was asleep he was out cold so Aaron didn't get much help
from Connor as he took Connor's shirt off.  It was a little easier getting
Connor's shorts off after he laid Connor back on the bed.  Since Aaron knew
that Connor preferred to sleep naked he just grabbed both the shorts and
underwear at the same time, pulling them both off.  Aaron couldn't help but
look at Connor's soft penis laying just below his growing little bush.
Aaron pulled the sheets back and tucked Connor in before undressing
himself.

Aaron went to the bathroom to get ready for bed.  Once he was finished he
went to open the door to Sean and Colby's room since he normally slept on
the top bunk in their room when he stayed over.  But just as he was
reaching for the door knob he heard the two of them making out so he
figured he would give them a little privacy.  Aaron went back to Connor's
room and climbed into bed with Connor.  As soon as Aaron laid down Connor
instantly snuggled up to Aaron's warm body.  Normally Connor would snuggle
with his backside up against Aaron's front side but tonight Connor just
snuggled front to front.

Aaron pulled Connor into him and settled in for a good nights sleep.  Some
time later Aaron woke up to the feeling of a hand stroking his hard cock.
At first Aaron thought he was just having a nice erotic dream and that it
was his own hand stroking himself but soon realized that this hand felt
different.  Aaron opened his eyes and after they adjusted a little Aaron
realized it was Connor that was stroking his dick.

Aaron whispered, "Connor?" As soon as he said Connor's name the hand on his
dick stopped stroking but stayed wrapped around his cock.  Again Aaron
whispered, "Connor, what are you doing?"

After a few moments of silence Aaron heard Connor whisper back, "Something
that I have been wanting to try for a long time."  Aaron felt Connor's body
move and soon realized that Connor was scooting down the bed.  Moments
later Aaron felt a warm and wet mouth slip over the head of his rock hard
cock.  Aaron let out a long sigh as Connor started to suck on the head of
his dick moving his tongue around the head.

Aaron let Connor suck on his dick for a few minutes before pulling him up
so they were face to face again and whispered, "Are you sure your OK with
this?"

Connor leaned in and kissed Aaron on the lips and just said, "Yes, I'm
sure."  Aaron could feel Connor's four inch hard on poking him in the
stomach because of their height difference.  Aaron whispered back, "If your
sure your OK with it then I want to suck you too."  Aaron scooted down in
the bed a bit and then after pulling the covers back he flipped around so
he and Connor cold suck each others dicks at the same time.

As soon as Aaron was in position, Connor had a hold of Aaron's seven
inch-er, opening his mouth and licking the precum off the tip before
closing his mouth over the swollen head.  Connor stopped just for a moment
when he felt Aaron's mouth close over his own rock hard dick before taking
as much of Aaron's dick as he could.

Both Aaron and Connor started to suck in earnest and it wasn't long before
Connor felt himself going past the point of no return and started to moan a
little.  Aaron felt the moaning on his dick and knew that it wouldn't be
long before Connor was shooting in his mouth. Arron took all four inches of
Connor into his mouth and started to swirl his tongue the swollen head of
Connor's cock.  Moments later Aaron could feel Connor's cock pulsating in
his mouth as Connor shot his load down Aaron's throat.

Connor had taken Aaron's dick from his mouth when he started to shoot his
load.  Connor was concentrating on this new feeling.  He had never shoot
his load in a guys mouth before.  He and Hunter had shared a few hand jobs
and quick blow jobs but he had never shoot his load down another guys
throat.

Once his orgasm had subsided he remembered that he still was still holding
Aarons dick in his hand.  Connor had to pull his dick out of Aaron's mouth
because it was to sensitive to let Arron keep sucking on it.  When Aaron
let go of Connor's dick Aaron laid back on the bed and Connor went back to
work on Aaron's dick taking in as much of it as he could.  Aaron could
still taste Connor boy juice on his tongue as he felt his orgasm building.
Aaron gave Connor a warning that he was about to cum.  Connor didn't think
he was ready to take Aaron's load in his mouth so Connor took Aarons dick
out of his mouth and started to jack it with his hand.  Aaron started to
moan as his juices raced up and out of his dick.  Connor continued to jack
Aaron's dick as he felt it throb in his hand and he watched the cum fly out
of the tip, shooting into the air and landing on Aaron's flat stomach and
chest.  Connor watched all seven spurts of cum pump out of Aaron's dick
before it slowed to just an trickle.  Connor squeezed the last few drops
out before letting go of Aaron's softening dick.

After a couple of minutes to let Aaron come down off his orgasmic high
Connor got up and went the bathroom getting a warm wet wash cloth.  Connor
returned to his bed handing Aaron the wash cloth so he could clean himself
up.  Connor sat on the side of the bed waiting for Aaron to finish.  Once
Aaron was finished Connor took the wash cloth from him and tossed it into
his dirty clothes basket.  Aaron had turned back around in the bed as
Connor climbed back in cuddling up against Aaron.  Aaron pulled the sheets
up over the two of them and pulling Connor into him.  Aaron whispered, "Are
you OK?"

Connor whispered back, "I'm great.  I have wanted to try that for a long
time now.  I hope your not mad at me."

Aaron kissed Connor on the cheek saying, "There is no way I could be mad at
my little bud.  Now go to sleep.  I don't want you falling asleep in school
tomorrow."

Connor snuggled up against Aaron so he could feel Aaron's soft cock pressed
up against his smooth ass as he closed his eyes to go to sleep.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 22)

Date: Tue, 26 Jun 2012 11:09:48 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 41

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A huge thanks to Greg and Aaron for their editing services.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

On the other side of the fire Aaron had settled on his side with Connor
cuddled up against his front side and TJ was cuddled up against his back
side.  Aaron noticed the movement across the fire where Colby and Sean
were.  He figured they were having a little fun under the covers which made
him go stiff in his boxers.  With Connor snuggled up against him he was
sure that Connor knew his condition.  Both seamed to be squirming a little.
After awhile Aaron couldn't stand it any longer and told both Connor and TJ
that he couldn't sleep in his boxers.  Connor and TJ agreed so all three
sat up and reached under the covers to pull their boxers off.  Once off and
tossed on the other side of their saddles they laid back down to settle in
for a good night's sleep under the stars.


********** Chapter 41 **********

Back at the house Steve and I were both getting ready for bed.  I finished
first and had crawled into bed.  Steve was right behind me, crawling in and
snuggling up next to me, laying his head on my chest.

As we laid there we were both a little quite thinking about all that had
happened today.  As Steve gently ran his fingers around my torso he said,
"Can you believe that our dream of having our own ranch where we can take
in kids that need help is actually coming true?"

I was running my fingers through Steve's short hair as I answered, "No.
It's amazing.  I have so many ideas going through my head.  I guess the
first think we need to do is meet with Mr. Smith and figure out all the
legalities and then get some ideas for a house and other buildings that we
need.  I have a feeling this is going to be one crazy year."

Steve lifted his head off my chest and looked up into my eyes, "Yeah your
right this is going to be one crazy year with starting up this ranch,
Connor will be turning 14, and of course we have the trial coming up soon.
We are going to have to keep an eye on our boys.  They are going to be on
an emotional roller coaster over the next few months."  With that said he
leaned in for a nice good night kiss and then we both settled in for a good
nights sleep.

The next days flew by.  Everyday we were out at the ranch helping with the
horses.  Jose had already had most everything that we would need in the
short term being delivered and with the help of our boys along with David,
Eric and TJ things were coming along pretty well.  The plan was to get
things set up so we wouldn't have to spend a lot of time out there caring
for the horses.  At least in the short term until we got the house and
other buildings built and we actually moved out to the ranch.

The boys spent most the week out on the ranch helping with everything.
Steve and I would run out after work and then go back home to sleep and
then go to work.  The boys got my old large tent out of the attic and set
it up out at the ranch since they were sleeping out there most nights.
They would stop by the house to shower every day or so.

Before we knew it, it was New Years Eve.  We all decided that we would
spend the night at the house watching movies and the count down on the TV.
We had David, Eric and TJ come in to spend the night with us at the house.
We spent the night snacking on finger food, and talking about the last
year's events.

At midnight after the count down there was a lot of hugging and kissing
going on.  Steve and I stayed up another half hour or so before excusing
ourselves and headed to bed.  The boys had just started another movie and
we told them everyone needed to get to bed after that.

After getting ready for bed, Steve and I settled in bed with Steve in his
usual place, cuddling against my side with his head lying on my chest.  It
wasn't long before his hand was roaming around my stomach, then he lifted
his head and we started to make out.  After several minutes of tongue
wrestling, Steve started to kiss his way down to my chest stopping to suck
on the side of my neck which drives me wild.  After that Steve moved down
to my right nipple before moving over to the left giving it some loving as
well.  As he kissed his way down my stomach he took a hold of my raging
hard on, gently stroking it.  I left him a belly button full of pre cum to
lap up before he started on my dick.  He spent several minutes bobbing up
and down on my rock hard dick bringing me to the edge of orgasm a few times
before I reached down and pulled him back up to my lips so I didn't explode
in his mouth.

After another short make out session I had Steve straddle my chest so he
could fuck my mouth.  I love the feeling of his large head passing over my
lips.  I'm still working on deep throating his big dick.  Just can't quite
get rid of that gag reflex, but I'm working on it.  Steve must have had
enough because he pulled himself out and replaced his lips where his dick
had been.  Steve reached around and grabbed my dick lining it up with his
hole as he sat back.  Steve let out a moan as the head of my dick passed
through his hole as he slowly took my whole dick inside him.  I actually
felt him shiver just a bit as he bottomed out on my dick before he slowly
started to move himself up and down on my dick, pulling almost all the way
off before moving back down so I was balls deep in side him.  I used some
of the pre cum that Steve was leaking all over my stomach to lube up his
dick and stroked his rock hard cock in time with him riding my dick.  It
wasn't long before Steve started to pick up the speed and I knew it
wouldn't be long before he shot all over my chest.

It just took a few more times of him taking me balls deep with a little bit
of grinding his ass in small circles as he bottomed out and Steve was ready
to explode.  I could feel his dick get even harder and the head of his dick
grow just a little bit as he started to moan just a little too load as he
blew his load all over my chest and stomach.  When I felt his ass muscles
contract on my dick it caused me to start to shoot covering Steve's insides
with my hot cum.  Steve leaned down resting his forehead on my forehead as
we caught our breath.  After a minute or two he started to kiss me again as
my softening dick slipped out of Steve's ass.  Steve then got up and went
to the bathroom to clean himself up. When Steve came back to bed he brought
a warm wash cloth to clean his seed off my chest and stomach before he
crawled back in bed with me.  Once again he cuddled up next to me and
wished me a happy new year before we settled in for some sleep.

Out in the living room the boys were finishing up watching the movie they
had started just before Steve and I went to bed.  Once it was over Colby
and Sean along with Connor went to Sean's room.  Connor was going to sleep
on the top bunk so Aaron and TJ could use his room.  That left David and
Eric to sleep in the computer room on an air mattress.  David and Eric
didn't feel right about playing out in the open computer room even thought
they both really wanted to have some new years sex.  It was the same for
Cobly and Sean.  Even though they had not gone all the way yet they both
really wanted to trade blow jobs but settled for a make out session with a
little groping since Connor was in the top bunk above them.  In Connor's
room Aaron and TJ were making out and TJ was trying his hardest to get
Aaron to fuck him but Aaron had said he didn't feel right about having sex
in Connor's bed so they to settled for making out with TJ groping at
Aaron's hard dick.

The next morning Steve and I got up and after sitting outside in the cool
morning air having our coffee, we went in and started to fix a big
breakfast for what we knew would be a bunch of hungry boys when they got
up.  It was more of a brunch since we let them sleep in to almost ten
o'clock before we turned Max loose on them to wake them all up.

After brunch and showers we all went out to the ranch.  Steve and I spent
some time walking around the property looking for the perfect spot to put
the new house and other buildings.  We decided we really like the idea of
having a big mess hall like the one on the Smith Ranch.  We also talked
about having a smaller place for the two of us with the bunk houses running
off the main house and the mess hall beyond that.  As we were talking the
boys were all giving their two cents.  One idea we liked was a big swimming
pool in the middle of the court yard between the mess hall, bunk houses and
the main house.  It was Connor's idea and everyone thought it was a great
idea.  When we left the ranch that evening we had a general idea of how we
would like to set up all the living quarters and mess hall so when we went
to meet with Mr. Smith we could share those ideas.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 23)

Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 09:02:02 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 40

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

A huge thanks to Greg for his editing services.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Steve and I looked at each other with our mouths hanging wide open.
Looking back at Jose and Marie Steve said, "That is awesome!  Are you going
to retire up here then?  Maybe build a new house for the two of you.?

Jose was now smiling from ear to ear.  He continued, "Well I would call it
more of a semi retirement.  What we would like to do is help you and Mike
make your dream of a youth ranch come true.  I have talked with Mr. Smith
and he is willing to help with the start up cost but would like you two to
design your youth ranch the way you would like it.  He and his partners are
prepared to help with the operating cost until the ranch become self
supporting.  So are you two ready to make your dream come true?"

Steve let go of my hand that he had grabbed as Jose spoke so he could give
Jose a hug.  I pulled Marie into a hug and glanced over at TJ who was
grinning from ear to ear.  I guess he and Eric and David were in on Jose's
huge secret this whole time.


********** Chapter 40 **********

Once all the hugging was done and over with Jose continued, "So I take that
you two like the idea."

Steve looked over at me and said, "Yeah dad, we love the idea.  It's our
dream to help young men and boys that need a second chance."

Jose said, "Well the general plan is that once you and Mike run your ideas
past Mr. Smith and his partners and I have my replacement trained, mother
and I would move up here to help you guys make that dream come true.  There
is a small house on the other side of the property that will make a nice
semi retirement home."

While Jose was speaking TJ walked up with a big smile on his face saying,
"Jose and Maria asked some of the ranch hands if they would be willing to
come up here and help you two make a go at this youth ranch.  I for one
would really like to be a part of that.  After being kicked out on the
streets when I came out to my parents and given a second chance by
Mr. Smith and everyone at the ranch I knew that I wanted to do something to
help other kids that might find themselves in trouble.  So if you guys
would allow me to help I'm willing to transfer my classes up here when the
new semester starts."

I pulled TJ in and gave him a big hug.  Steve wrapped his arms around the
two of us saying, "We would love to have you and I'm sure that will make
Aaron very happy also. But don't say anything to him until we can tell all
the boys as soon as they get back."

TJ said, "I won't, I promise." as he started to walk back towards the end
of the corral where Aaron was sitting on the top rail of the fence watching
the first set of horses that David and Eric brought in earlier.

Steve and I were still trying to digest everything Jose and Maria had
dropped on us when we saw the boys come over the top of the hill with ten
more horses walking in front of them.  Eric and David were on each side to
keep the horses headed towards the corral and our three boys were spread
out behind the new set of horses driving them towards the corral.

As the horses got close to the corral Aaron and TJ jumped off the fence and
opened the gate.  Once the ten horses were inside they shut the gates
before throwing out some more hay for the newly arrived horses.  Our boys
along with David and Eric rode over to the horse trailer before dismounting
and tying up their horses.  After making sure their horse was cared for
they all walked over to where the rest of us had gathered.  Connor jumped
up to sit on the top rail as the rest of us stood there looking at all the
horses.  Connor asked, "Grandpop how are you going to get all these horses
back to your ranch?  I don't think they will fit in your horse trailer."

Jose looked over at Steve and I smiling looking for permission to tell the
boys the exciting news.  Steve and I smiled back giving him the go ahead.
Jose started, "Well I was thinking we could leave some of them here for you
guys to care for seeing that your dads will need them for this new youth
ranch of theirs."

Steve and I both looked at the boys who were all looking at the two of us
with a "What the Hell" look on their face.  Steve looked back out at the
horses for a few seconds before he said, "Yeah Jose, I think we can use a
few of these horses on this new ranch of ours."

Sean yelled, "What exactly do you mean by this ranch of ours?"

I chimed in with, "Well I hope that you guys like caring for horses,
because with the help of Mr. Smith and your grandparents, it looks like we
may have a ranch of our own soon."

Colby said, "I don't understand how is this place ours?"

Steve looked back at the boys saying, "Well your grandparents dropped a
huge surprise on us while you guys were out rounding up the horses.  It
seems that your grandpop talked Mr. Smith into purchasing this property so
we can follow our dream of opening a ranch for kids that need a place they
can get a second chance.  It's something that Mike and I have been talking
about doing now that I can retire from the Army in about a year from now."

Connor jumped down off the fence and jumped into his Steve's arms saying,
"That is so cool.  When can we move out here?"

Steve laughed a little, "Well, It may be a while.  We have to get things
rolling with Mr. Smith and get some designing done and maybe a house to
live in built before we can move out here."

Connor said, "But I want to stay out here now.  We have to care for the
horses."

Steve looked at all of us saying, "Well maybe you boys can stay out here on
the weekends but we can't live out here."

Connor said, "Cool.  Since we don't have school tomorrow can we stay out
here tonight?"

Steve looked over at me before he answered, "Well I guess you can but we
didn't bring camping gear for you to use."

David and Eric both answered at the same time, "We have everything we would
need in the horse trailer."  The front of the trailer was actually a camper
that had a couple of bunk beds inside.  "We brought some extra bed rolls
with us and the weather is going to be nice so we can just sleep out in the
open if that is ok with you and Mike.  And we have plenty to eat thanks to
Maria."

Steve looked at me before answering, "I don't see why not."

"Hey why don't we get a nice campfire going before we head back into town."
Jose suggested.  "Mother and I have a room at the Hilton tonight.  We
didn't want to drive back in the dark so we planned to stay the night in
town.  I have made arrangements for Eric, David and TJ to spend the week up
here to get the barn and corral fixed up for these horses.  I also have a
vet coming out tomorrow to take a look at them for you."

"Wow it looks like you have had this all planned out for quite some time."
I said.

Jose smiled saying, "Well mother and I have been talking about it since
your visit in the summer."

The boys all went out and gathered some fire wood and got a nice campfire
going as Steve and I helped Jose tend to the horses.  Maria went into the
camper part of the horse trailer and made up some snacks for us to eat
while we all set around the campfire.  Steve and I were sitting in some
camp chairs they brought with them and I couldn't help myself but to reach
over and start rubbing his leg.  Everything felt so right as I set there
with my lover watching our boys sit around the campfire, each of them
leaning against his saddle as they talked back and forth.  Mostly about how
much fun they were going to have living out here in the country.

Sean was leaning up against his saddle with Colby sitting in front of him
leaning against him.  David and Eric were sitting next to them each leaning
up against their own saddle but every now and then I would see Eric reach
over and touch David's leg.  TJ and Aaron were sitting next to them with
Connor sitting right up next to Aaron.  They all looked so happy and
content.  Jose and Maria were sitting next to me and Steve and they seemed
to be enjoying just watching their grandsons chat back and forth with each
other and their friends.  It seems to me that they had come to terms with
not only Steve and my relationship but also the boys' relationships.

About an hour after dark Jose and Maria said their goodbyes and after
giving each boy a hug and Jose giving David some additional instructions
about tomorrow's happenings, they got into their truck and headed back into
town to stay at the hotel for the night.

Steve and I sat with the boys another hour or so before we headed back into
town.  We both had to work in the morning but the boys still had a week off
of school.  I'm sure that most of the week will be spent out at ranch, but
that was just fine with us.  Of course we left Max out with the boys.  If
we took him home with us he was just going to drive us crazy pacing back
and forth trying to figure out where the boys were.  That dog loves the
boys and follows them everywhere.

 Soon after Steve and I headed home, David suggested, "We might as well get
our bed rolls out of the trailer and get things set up for the night.  It
looks like it's going to be cool night so we should all lay out by the
fire."

Everyone got their bed rolls out of the trailer and got them laid out
around the fire.  Once that was done all seven boys walked down to the
corral to make one last check on the horses.

When they walked back they laid out on their bed rolls for a bit just
chatting back and forth about how cool it's going to be to help build the
new ranch.  Eric said, "David and I have talked and we want to come back
after our spring semester.  We can't get out of our classes we already have
scheduled but as soon as they are over we plan on moving up here to help
out over the summer."

Sean smiled saying, "That's so cool.  It will be great having you and David
around here the all the time."

Colby chimed in with, "Yeah, I'm sure you guys will be able to teach us a
lot about being ranch hands."

TJ who was sitting right up next to Aaron said, "It's going to be a lot of
work but it's going to really cool to help with building a ranch for kids
from the ground up."

Aaron but his arm around TJ saying, "Yeah it will be so cool to help run a
place that helps other kids.  I bet Mike and Steve will have this place
full of kids that need help in no time at all."

Connor was a little quiet which didn't go unnoticed by Aaron.  When Aaron
saw Connor look over at him, Aaron motioned for him to come over and sit
next to him.  Connor got up and walked over to Aaron, sitting down next to
him and leaned up against Aaron's other side.  Aaron now had Connor on his
left and TJ on his right.  Sean seamed to be the only one that noticed and
when Connor looked over at him he just gave Connor a little smile.

The boys continued to talk about building the ranch for another hour or so
before they figured it was time to get some sleep.  David and Eric moved
their bedrolls together so they could cuddle.  Sean and Colby saw what they
did so they did the same with their bedrolls.  Aaron told Connor to get his
bedroll and move it over with his before asking TJ to do the same.

As the boys got their bedrolls arranged they all found a tree to empty
their bladders before getting ready for bed.  Eric and David were the first
to get back from the tree. Eric threw a few more logs onto the fire as
David stood next to their bedrolls getting undressed.  Once he was down to
his boxer briefs he slipped under the covers as he watched Eric get
undressed.  Once Eric was under the covers the two boys quickly cuddled up
to each other to help warm each other up.

Colby and Sean were back next.  They followed suit and were soon under the
covers cuddling as they each shivered a bit.  It wasn't long before they
were warmed up as Sean laid his head on Colby's chest.

Aaron, Connor and TJ all did the same.  They quickly got undressed and
jumped in under the covers.  TJ snuggled up against Aarons back as Aaron
pulled a shivering Connor up to his front side.  In a few minutes all three
were warmed and were settling in for a good night's sleep out in the open
country.

David rolled over to rest his head on Eric's chest and stopped to give him
a quick kiss before they settled in to go to sleep.  They had made good
time getting to the ranch early this morning and had some extra time so
they put it to good use and had a little fun out in the warm sun before
everyone else arrived so they were both ready for some sleep.

Colby and Sean on the other had hadn't had enough privacy in the last few
days to do much of anything.  So as Sean laid there with his head on
Colby's chest his hand started to roam around Colby's flat stomach and
developing six pack.  It wasn't long before his hand found it's way under
Cobly's waist band of his boxers to find Colby's rock hard hard-on standing
straight up.  Sean started to stroke the almost five inches of rock hard
dick as his head disappeared under the covers and started to kiss Colby's
right nipple before moving across to the left nipple and then down the flat
abs to Colby's dick.  Since it had been a few days since either boy had
gotten off they both knew this wasn't going to take long.

Sean had just gotten started when he felt Colby's dick grow even harder
inside his mouth and he knew that in just a few seconds Colby would be
exploding.  Sean pulled back so just the head of Colby's dick was in his
mouth just as Colby started to shoot his load.  Sean knew it was going to
be a big load so he was prepared when shot after shot of boy juice hit the
back of his throat.  Sean had to swallow twice as Colby continued to shoot
more and more cum in his mouth.  Colby hadn't even realized that he was
holding Sean by head holding Sean on his dick as he exploded in Sean's
mouth.

After a couple of minutes Colby let go and Sean backed off Colby's dick
sucking the last drops of cum out as he let the softening dick slide from
his mouth.  Sean moved back up and started to kiss Colby sharing what cum
he had left in his mouth with his boyfriend.  After another minute or so
Sean whispered, "I need to take my boxers off.  I was so horned up that I
blew my load in my boxers while you were exploding in my mouth."

"Well you might as well take mine off for me as well.  I'm not used to
sleeping in my boxers anymore any way." Colby added.

Sean sat up and carefully took his cum soaked boxers off and then used them
to finish cleaning the remaining cum off his dick before he tossed them on
the other side of his saddle that they were using as a pillow.  Then he
reached down and finished pulling Colby's boxers off which Colby had kicked
down to his ankles.

On the other side of the fire Aaron had settled on his side with Connor
cuddled up against his front side and TJ was cuddled up against his back
side.  Aaron noticed the movement across the fire where Colby and Sean
were.  He figured they were having a little fun under the covers which made
him go stiff in his boxers.  With Connor snuggled up against him he was
sure that Connor knew his condition.  Both seamed to be squirming a little.
After awhile Aaron couldn't stand it any longer and told both Connor and TJ
that he couldn't sleep in his boxers.  Connor and TJ agreed so all three
sat up and reached under the covers to pull their boxers off.  Once off and
tossed on the other side of their saddles they laid back down to settle in
for a good night's sleep under the stars.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 24)

Date: Thu, 12 Apr 2012 22:23:42 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 39

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain sex between
adult males and teen males but is much more a story of friendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

The scared look left Aaron face as he realized he wasn't in any trouble and
a smile broke out on his face as he said, "Yes I did."

I got up out of my rocking chair and put my arms around Aaron's shoulders
saying, "Come on let's get a cup of coffee before the rest of the guys get
up."  We walked in side and I refilled my cup as Aaron got a cup out of the
cabinet and sat down at the breakfast bar.  As I was filling Aaron's cup
Steve walked in from the bedroom in just his boxers taking a seat next to
Aaron.  I got a cup for Steve and as I was filling it he said, "I forgot
how hard it is to sleep with Connor in our bed."

I looked over at Aaron and said, "I think you need to have a talk with
Connor if you plan to stay over with TJ anymore.  I think he missed you
last night because he crawled in bed with us last night.

Just as the words left my mouth out walks a naked Connor from our room.  I
don't even think he realized he was still naked.  When he looked up and saw
Aaron he stopped for just a second and I could see the hurt in his eyes.
Connor said "Good morning dads" and then continued to walk towards his side
of the cabin.

Aaron just watched Connor walk to his side of the cabin before he turned
back towards Steve and I saying, "I think you are right, I think I owe
someone an explanation and maybe an apology." With that Aaron got up and
followed Connor to his room.

**********
Chapter 39
**********

Sean and Colby were just finishing getting dressed and where about to walk
out into the living room as a visibly upset and still naked Connor walked
into the bedroom followed by Aaron.  Sean and Colby looked at each other
and both knew that Connor and Aaron needed some alone time.

Arron shut the door after Sean and Colby went out into the living room.
Connor was standing by his bed digging through his bag for some clean
boxers to put on.  Aaron walked over to Connor's bed and sat down next to
where Connor was standing.

Aaron really didn't know what to say to Connor but knew Connor was upset
with him.  Aaron cleared his throat before saying, "I think I owe you an
explanation and apology.  Last night I walked TJ back to his cabin and he
invited me to stay the night with him.  I'm not sure what is happening with
me but I know that I really enjoy being around TJ and I believe that he
feels the same about me and I know that means not spending as much time
with you and your bothers and that sucks.  I'm sorry if I hurt you by not
coming back in here to sleep and cuddle with you.  I enjoy our time
together but I think I may need some time with guys closer to my age.  I
hope you can understand."

Connor just stood there holding his clean boxers as Aaron talked.  When
Aaron finished Connor bent over and but his boxers on before turning around
to face Aaron.  Connor asked, "Did you and TJ have sex last night?"

Aaron had a hard time looking Connor in the eyes answering, "Yes."

Connor continued, "Did you like having sex with TJ?  Do you love him?"

Aaron answered, "Yes I enjoyed being with TJ and I really like him but I'm
not sure that I love him.  Hell I'm not sure if I want be with a guy or a
girl right now.  I am very confused at what the future holds for me.  But
one thing I know for sure is that I want you and your bothers and both your
dads in my live.  I love all of you.  I know that I love you like a true
brother."

Connor said, "I guess I can understand that your having trouble figuring
all of this out.  I know that I am.  I like looking at girls and have
dreams about them but then at the same time I really like it when we sleep
together.  I know we can't have sex but I really like it when we cuddle."

Aaron thought for a few minutes before saying, "I think we are both
struggling with our sexuality and maybe we can help each other."

Connor said, "How?"

Aaron answered, "By talking to each other about our feelings, experiences
and always being honest and open with each other.  I promise that I will
always be honest with you and answer any questions you might have as you
try to figure out what you want and I hope that you will be there for me to
if I need someone to talk to."

Connor looked up off the ground to look Aaron in the eyes saying, "I
promise I'll be there for but I'm not sure that I will know what to say.
Can we still cuddle when you spend the night?"

Aaron grabbed Connor who was still in just his boxers and pulled him into a
hug.  After a minute or so they separated and Aaron asked, "Are we good?"

Connor smiled saying, "Yeah we're good.  We better get going or we are
going to be late for breakfast."  Aaron watched as Connor grabbed a pair of
jeans and pulled them on over his slim waist before he grabbing a shirt
from his bag and pulled it over his hair that was still messed up from
sleeping.

Connor and Aaron came out just as the rest of us were walking out the door
for the short walk over to the mess hall cabin.  We all walked in just a
minute before Jose started the day off with a prayer before breakfast.  At
breakfast I noticed that Aaron seamed to be paying a little more attention
to Connor but TJ was right here with him. I also noticed both Eric and
David were missing from breakfast.  Then I realized I didn't see the truck
and horse trailer outside the barn when we walked over to the mess hall.

I asked Jose, "I take it David and Eric are already on there way to look at
the horses up near our place."

Jose answered, "Yes Sir.  I wanted them to get a head start since they
where pulling the horse trailer.  I kind of figured Marie and I would
follow you and Steve once all the morning chores are taken care of.  I
might need your help finding this place."

I laughed a little when he said he might need help finding this place.  I
have learned that Jose is a very organized person and makes sure every
detail is coordinated so I knew this was Jose being funny.  Besides I also
know that Jose has a GPS in that huge truck of his.

The boys helped the ranch hands with the morning chores and then grabbed a
quick shower before getting all there stuff packed and hauled out to the
truck.  We met up with the Jose and Maria for the drive home.  The plan was
to drive to our house first and then drive out to where Eric and David were
looking at the horses.

Colby and Sean decided to ride with Jose and Maria and Connor asked if he
could ride back with Aaron and TJ.  I was a little surprised when he asked
to ride with Aaron when he found out that TJ was going to ride up with him
and then ride back with Eric and David.  Steve had a little talk with
Connor before we all loaded up for the ride home.  Steve asked Connor, "Are
you sure you want to ride back with Aaron and TJ?  You were a little upset
with Aaron this morning.  I just wanted to make sure that you and Aaron are
ok."

Connor answered, "Yeah, I'm sure dad.  Aaron and I talked about it and we
are good.  I understand that Aaron is older and he needs to hang with kids
his own age.  I like TJ and if they end up being together then I'm good
with it.  I was just a little upset because I missed cuddling with Aaron
when we sleep in the same bed."

Satisfied Steve let it go and we all loaded up in the three vehicles.  It
was actually kind of nice to ride home alone with Steve.  We were able to
talk a little and it was nice just to hold hands as we sped down the
interstate.  Of course Max loved it because he got to ride in side the
truck instead of in the bed.  But then again he loves riding with his head
in the wind as most dogs do.

Before long we were pulling into our driveway.  Once we got everything put
away and everyone used the bathroom we jumped back into our truck to head
out to find this horse ranch south of town.  Connor, Arron, and TJ jumped
in with Steve and I and Sean and Colby rode with Jose and Maria.  Jose had
the directions so we followed them.  It was only a few miles south of town.

We followed Jose down this small paved road for about five miles off the
highway and then turned off and went through a single gate with a single
lane gravel road meandering through a small grove of live oak trees.  It
was actually more of a trail than a road.  As we pulled up to the gate
which was open I noticed a small bill board that read fifty acres fore sale
with a big red "SOLD" sign nailed from one corner to the other.  As we were
driving out I thought how nice it would be to be the person that owned this
land and how nice it would be to live out here among the rolling hills
covered with groups of trees here and there.  As we drove up over a small
hill it opened up into a small valley with several stock pond scattered
through it.  Off in the distance I saw the truck and horse trailer that
David and Eric had left with earlier parked next to a small wooden barn
that was in need of some repairs.  Out beyond the barn I saw Eric and David
on horse back leading several horses back towards the barn.

Jose parked next to the horse trailer and we parked next to them. We all
climbed out and walked towards the small corral attached to the shabby
little barn.  Eric and David were still a couple of hundred yards out
slowing moving several horses towards the corral.

We all walked up to the corral and as soon as we got to the fence, Sean,
Colby and Connor all said, "Hey that's the horse I ride down at the ranch!"
We all looked over at Jose who was smiling from ear to ear.  Jose said, "I
thought you guys might want to help David and Eric today so I had them
bring your horses along.  Your saddles should be in the front of the
trailer if you want to saddle up."

All three boys took off running to the trailer to get there saddles.  Jose
just laughed as he watched them take off running.  Jose looked over at TJ
and said, "TJ go open the gate for David and Eric to let the horses they
have in."  Buy the time our boys had their saddles out of the trail Eric
and David had the horses they were pushing inside the corral and had walked
over towards the fence that we were standing at.  They both said good
morning as they sat on their hoses.  Jose said, "Morning boys.  How many
more horses you have out there?"

David answered, "There are about ten more out there but we needed some more
help to get them.  They seem to be a little skittish and with just the two
of use we were having trouble moving them.  We figured it would be a lot
easier with more help."

Jose smiled and looking back to see our boys had their saddles out and
readied next to the horse trailer and all three were heading towards the
corral with their leads in hand.  Sean, Connor and Colby climbed over the
corral fence and walked over towards their horses.  After attaching the
leads they walked the horses over to the gate where TJ let them out.  After
they had their horses saddled they climbed on and all three rode off with
David and Eric.  TJ stayed behind and started caring for the horses that
David and Eric hand just rounded up.

I noticed that Jose kept looking over at Marie and would smile and he
seamed to be in a very good mood.  As Steve and I stood there with Jose and
Marie I made mention of the fact that I noticed the Sold sign over the for
sale sign as we drove in.

Jose said, "Yeah, now that you mention it I noticed it as well." Smiling
from ear to ear.  Steve took a step back from the fence and took a good
look around as he said, "Who ever bought this property sure got a great
view.  I would love to find a place with a view like this."

Jose looked at Steve saying, "Yes Sir, this would be a great place to put
that youth ranch you and Mike have talked about.  It has everything you
would need minus a house and sleeping quarters for the kids.  It looks like
it has a couple of cleared areas with alfalfa growing along with a few
stock ponds so you have what you would need to keep twenty or so horses.
Course you would need a new barn.  This one is in pretty sorry shape."

Steve looked over at me saying, "Some day Mike we will find a place like
this."

Jose put his arm around Marie before saying, "Mother and I would like to
have a place like this to retire to.  Some place closer to you and the
boys."

Steve and I were both looking around as Jose continued, "I have been
speaking with Mr. Smith about my retirement.  I have worked for Mr. Smith
for almost thirty years and now having you two and our grandsons living up
here in Killeen I figured it was about time to turn over the reins to a new
ranch foreman so mother and I could spend more time with you two and the
boys."

Jose's serious tone grabbed both of our attention and we were both looking
at Jose and Marie.  Marie had a hug grin on her face as Jose continued, "I
spoke with Mr. Smith about your dream of opening a youth ranch up here in
this neck of the woods.  Mr. Smith thought it would be a great idea with
the post here along with the new college campus going in just south of town
there."

Steve and I couldn't stop looking at Jose and Marie, who was still grinning
from ear to ear.  Jose looked over at Marie who whispered, "Just tell them
already."

Jose smiled saying, "After my conversation with Mr. Smith I did a little
research.  Mother and I along with some help from Mr. Smith put in an offer
to buy this property.  We found out about a week ago that our offer was
accepted by the seller and we are in the process of buying this property."

Steve and I looked at each other with our mouths hanging wide open.
Looking back at Jose and Marie Steve said, "That is awesome!  Are you going
to retire up here then?  Maybe build a new house for the two of you.?

Jose was now smiling from ear to ear.  He continued, "Well I would call it
more of a semi retirement.  What we would like to do is help you and Mike
make your dream of a youth ranch come true.  I have talked with Mr. Smith
and he is willing to help with the start up cost but would like you two to
design your youth ranch the way you would like it.  He and his partners are
prepared to help with the operating cost until the ranch become self
supporting.  So are you two ready to make your dream come true?"

Steve let go of my hand that he had grabbed as Jose spoke so he could give
Jose a hug.  I pulled Marie into a hug and glanced over at TJ who was
grinning from ear to ear.  I guess he and Eric and David were in on Jose's
huge secret this whole time.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 25)

Date: Thu, 16 Feb 2012 22:33:51 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve 38

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Aaron laughed again and said, "Yeah, lets go."  With that they got up out
of bed and undressed both getting their first look at each other fully
nude.  Aaron looked at TJ's somewhat thin body with almost no body fat and
almost void of body hair.  With TJ's smaller frame Aaron was a little
surprised at the size of TJ's dick and balls.  Even soft it looked like it
was almost five inches long and it hung over a set of large balls that were
hanging really low.  Aaron like was he saw.  Like wise TJ was just as
impressed with Aaron's hot body with all his muscles and definition in all
the right places.  TJ really liked Aaron's darker skin which he inherited
from his Native American heritage.

They walked into the huge shower and only turned on one shower, adjusting
the water before stepping under the water.  After getting wet Aaron grabbed
the soap and started to run the soap over TJ's body.  TJ grabbed another
bar of soap doing the same for Aaron.  After a little making out under the
shower and hearing one of the guys from the other side of the cabin in the
outer bathroom they figured they had better get out of the shower.  After
drying off real quick they walked back into TJ's side of the cabin wrapped
in just their towels and laid back down on TJ's bed.

*********** Chapter 38 ***********

TJ asked, "Do you want to stay and cuddle with me for a bit?"

Aaron said, "I was hoping you would ask me to stay."

TJ dropped his towel before pulling back the covers on his small single bed
and climbed in holding back the covers for Aaron.  Aaron climbed in and got
comfortable lying on his side before he pulled TJ into him so they could
spoon each other.

Back in our cabin I heard the door to our room open and in walked a naked
Connor.  I could tell something was bothering him and knew something was up
because he hadn't come into our room wanting to sleep with us in quite some
time.  Especially if Aaron was spending the night since he would usually
sleep in Aaron's bed.  Steve was still sound asleep with this head resting
on my chest and hadn't heard Connor come in.  Connor walked up to the side
of the bed before I whispered, "What's wrong Connor?"

Connor whispered back, "Aaron didn't come to bed and I can't sleep."

"You want to sleep in here?" I asked.

Connor didn't answer he just started to climb into or bed.  Connor climbed
over me and scooted himself down in between me and Steve so he was spooning
with his dad and had laid his head on my stomach.  I moved over a little to
make some room and when I did Steve woke up and noticed Connor was
snuggling up against him.  Steve said, "You OK Connor?"

Connor said, "Yeah, was just lonely since Aaron didn't come to bed."

Steve looked up at me with a questioning look.  I said, "I'm sure he is
fine.  I'm betting he is with TJ."  With that we all settled back in to try
and get back to sleep.  Within minutes Connor was sound asleep and Steve
was right behind him.  It took me awhile to fall back to sleep with the two
of them lying on me.  As Connor moved in his sleep he draped his leg over
mine and I could feel his soft cock and balls on my leg which caused my own
cock to start to grow.  I had to concentrate on other things to stop myself
from growing rock hard.  After awhile I was finally able to get to sleep
but remember waking up once and realized Connor was rock hard against my
leg.  This was driving me crazy.  I didn't sleep much the rest of the
night.

I wasn't the only one that was not getting much sleep.  Aaron kept waking
up while he was sleeping with TJ spooned up against his front side, once
waking up to find himself slowing moving his hips back and forth causing
his rock hard dick to slide up and down the crack of TJ's ass.  Sometime
during the night Aaron and TJ rolled over and now TJ was the one that was
rocking his hard dick up and down Aaron's ass crack.  Aaron woke up and
feeling TJ's dick grinding against him.  Aaron's cock was rock hard as he
was enjoying the feeling.  Ever since he had watched Steve and I having sex
Aaron has been wandering what it felt like to have a hard cock sliding in
and out of his hole.  Now with TJ sliding his dick up and down his ass
crack it was driving him crazy.


Just as the sun was about to come up I gave up on getting any sleep and
slid out from under Steve and Connor.  I made myself some coffee and took a
cup out to the front porch of our cabin to enjoy.  Living in Texas you can
even enjoy a nice cup of coffee outside at Christmas time.  I sat on front
porch wrapped in a blanket with my hot cup of coffee enjoying the quiet of
the ranch as the sun was just breaking the horizon.  As I sat there slowly
rocking back and forth I looked over at TJ's cabin and wandered to myself
how Aaron was doing.  I know he has been struggling with his feelings of
liking guys more than girls and I could see that he and TJ and really
connected.

Just as the first rays of the sun started to come in the window Aaron
opened his eyes and felt TJ grinding his hard cock into his ass crack and
it was driving Aaron crazy.  Aaron couldn't stand it any more so he rolled
over pushing TJ on his back before climbing on top of TJ.  Aaron leaned
down and started kissing TJ hard on his lips waking him up.  TJ wrapped his
arms around Aaron's body pulling him into him as they kissed.  Aaron broke
the kissed and then kissed his way over to TJ's ear and then whispered, "I
want you inside of me now.  Just please go slow since I have never done
this before."

Aaron reached back and took a hold of TJ's rock hard seven inch dick.
Aaron guided it towards his twitching hole.  As soon as the head of TJ's
dick made contact with Aaron's hole Aaron leaned back trying to sit down on
TJ's dick but he couldn't get it to slide in.  TJ's pulled Aaron back down
and kissed him on the lips again before he said, "I have some lube in my
night stand that will help."

TJ leaned over and grabbed a small bottle of lube that he kept in his night
stand and gave it to Aaron.  As he looked at Aaron he noticed Aaron was
blushing a little bit and figured he was a little embarrassed about being
inexperienced.  Aaron took the bottle and pored some on TJ's dick rubbing
it in with his hand.  Then he took a little bit of lube on his fingers and
reached around to apply some to his hole.  When he made contact with his
hole he pushed in a little, sliding his fingers inside him a little bit.

Aaron took a hold of TJ's lubed hard dick guided himself back down until
TJ's dick head was touching his hole.  Aaron kept a hold of TJ's dick and
took a deep breath as he sat back forcing TJ's cock to push inside him.
Aaron let out a gasp as he felt the head pass through his hole and had to
stop for a moment to let himself get used to TJ's dick.  After a couple of
minutes Aaron sat back more taking more and more of TJ's dick.  After a
minute or so of some pain, Aaron realized the pain had subsided and was
turning to pure pleasure.

Aaron started a slow rocking motion on TJ's dick pulling up until just the
head remained inside him and then sitting back taking more and more of TJ's
dick each time he sat back.  TJ was loving the feeling of Aaron's tight
hole sliding up and down his hard shaft.  Aaron was in heaven each time he
sat back as the head of TJ's dick would rub against his prostate.  Aaron
couldn't believe the feeling this was giving him and before he knew it he
could feel his boy juice running up his hard shaft and explode out his
dick.  The first shot hit TJ right in the face covering his lips followed
by four more shots landing on TJ's chest and finally TJ's stomach.  Aaron
couldn't believe how hard he shot and all without touching himself.

As Aaron was exploding all over TJ his ass constricted around TJ's dick
causing even more friction as TJ slid his cock in and out of Aaron's ass.
The throbbing of Aaron's ass around TJ's dick made TJ start to shooting
inside Aaron's ass.  Just as Aaron was regaining control of his breathing
as the last drops of cum oozed out the head of his dick to join the pool of
cum he left on TJ's stomach, Aaron could feel TJ's dick throbbing inside
his ass, filling him with cum.  Aaron could actually feel TJ's warm man
juice filling his insides.  Aaron collapsed on top of TJ spreading his own
cum all over the two of them.  Aaron could feel TJ's dick softening inside
him and after a few minutes he felt TJ slide out of his ass.  After a few
minutes of making out TJ said, "That was so damn amazing.  Usually I am the
bottom but I really loved the feeling of me inside of you."

Aaron smiled and said, "Thanks for going slow and being my first.  I really
hope we can do it again some time.  It hurt some at first but then after a
couple of minutes it felt amazing."  Aaron started to laugh a bit before
saying, "You know we better get into the shower before this stuff dries and
someone comes in here and finds us stuck together like this."

They both got up and walked into the shower together again using just one
shower.  TJ said, "We can't be long the other guys will be up in a few
minutes."  After getting wet they both washed themselves quickly before
drying off and getting back to the safety of TJ's side of the cabin.

As they started to get dressed Aaron realized what time it was and figured
he had better get back over to our cabin.  Aaron pulled TJ into him one
more time for a short make out session before he walked out the cabin door.
I was still sitting on our cabin door and was about to go in for another
cup of coffee when I saw Aaron walk out of TJ's cabin.  I could actually
see the smile on his face as he made the short walk over to our cabin.
Aaron didn't even see me until he walked up on our front porch.  When he
saw me sitting there in the rocking chair he stopped in his tracks and just
stood there looking at me with this scared look on his face.  I just smiled
at him and quietly said, "I take it you had a good time last night.

The scared look left Aaron face as he realized he wasn't in any trouble and
a smile broke out on his face as he said, "Yes I did."

I got up out of my rocking chair and put my arms around Aaron's shoulders
saying, "Come on let's get a cup of coffee before the rest of the guys get
up."  We walked in side and I refilled my cup as Aaron got a cup out of the
cabinet and sat down at the breakfast bar.  As I was filling Aaron's cup
Steve walked in from the bedroom in just his boxers taking a seat next to
Aaron.  I got a cup for Steve and as I was filling it he said, "I forgot
how hard it is to sleep with Connor in our bed."

I looked over at Aaron and said, "I think you need to have a talk with
Connor if you plan to stay over with TJ anymore.  I think he missed you
last night because he crawled in bed with us last night.

Just as the words left my mouth out walks a naked Connor from our room.  I
don't even think he realized he was still naked.  When he looked up and saw
Aaron he stopped for just a second and I could see the hurt in his eyes.
Connor said "Good morning dads" and then continued to walk towards his side
of the cabin.

Aaron just watched Connor walk to his side of the cabin before he turned
back towards Steve and I saying, "I think you are right, I think I owe
someone an explanation and maybe an apology." With that Aaron got up and
followed Connor to his room.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 26)

Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 21:35:37 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 37

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2012.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  I have
been asked by several fans if I could email them when each chapter has been
posted.  Please let me know if you would like to include your email on this
group email.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Before long it started getting dark and it was time for dinner.  It was a
light dinner since Maria along with the help of Colby's mom, had been
preparing everything for Christmas dinner.  After saying grace Jose made
sure to announce that everyone that was going to church needed to be ready
by nine so they could make it into town early enough to get good seats."

After dinner everyone went to their cabins and started getting ready for
church, changing into their church jeans, dress shirts and polished cowboy
boots.  We all met up at nine and loaded up into a few trucks and then
headed into town.  It was a very nice service and Jose and Marie made sure
to show off there grandson's making sure to include Colby.  I think the
boys were hating it but Steve and I were enjoying watching them, smiling
and laughing.  It was late when we got back and everyone went off to bed as
soon as we got back to the ranch.

**********
Chapter 37
**********

The next morning everyone was up and had made their way up to the mess hall
right at seven o'clock.  I was amazed when we walked in at the pile of
presents that were under the Christmas tree.  I was sure that Maria had
spent many hours shopping for each one of the kids on the ranch.

Before any presents were opened, Maria and Linda got the coffee, juice and
pastries set out so everyone could help themselves to a light breakfast.
Maria and Jose passed out the presents but no one was allowed to open any
until they were all passed out and then each person would open their gifts
while everyone else watched.  Most of the ranch hands got somewhat similar
gifts such as needed gear and gift cards to one of the stores in one of the
malls in the city.  Everyone was pleased with what they had been given.

Once everyone had finished opening their gifts our gang went back to our
cabin where Steve and I gave the boys and my kids their gifts.  The boys
loved all the games and clothes that we got them along with the remote
control cars.  Before long we heard the dinner bell ringing signaling it
was time for Christmas dinner.

Maria and Linda had prepared an awesome meal with all the traditional
dishes.  After dinner a bunch of the kids took over the clean up and in no
time the kitchen was cleaned and everything was put away.  Jose had made a
nice fire in the fire place and everyone lounged around the rest of the day
talking, hanging out and of course watching football.  Our boys along with
David, Eric and TJ walked down to the barn to give the horses their
Christmas treats of apples and pears.

I was amazed at how fast the day had gone and before we knew it, it was
getting dark outside.  Aaron had just arrived as desert was being served
and it wasn't long before TJ was right at Aaron's side.  The rest of the
evening was spent around the fire place enjoying some pie and ice cream
along with friends and family.  It turned out to be one of the best
Christmas's ever.

Again the adults started heading off to bed around nine or so to leave the
kids alone to hang out but before long they were all heading off to bed
themselves since they all knew it was back to work the next morning.  Aaron
was sitting in one of the overstuffed chairs watching the football game
with TJ sitting on the floor leaning back against the front of the chair
between Aaron's legs since Connor was sitting with Aaron in the chair and
had fallen asleep leaning up against Aaron.  Aaron looked over at Connor
and Sean who were sitting together in one of the other overstuffed chairs
and noticed both of them were yawning and falling asleep.

Aaron figured he better get all three of them over to their cabin and get
them to bed.  Aaron nudged TJ's shoulder to get his attention before
saying, "I think I better get these guys back to the cabin and into bed
before I have to carry all three of them."  TJ smiled and said, "I'll
help." standing up and walking over to Colby and Sean.

TJ tapped both Colby and Sean on the shoulders waking them saying, "Come on
guys lets get you to your cabin."  Meanwhile Aaron had picked Connor up to
carry him back to their cabin since he was still sound asleep.

Steve was sound asleep on my chest when I heard the cabin door open.  I
heard Colby and Sean talking quietly in the bathroom getting ready for bed.
I could also hear Aaron and TJ talking in the other bedroom.  The first
thing that went through my mind was that TJ was going to sleep with the
boys in our cabin but several minutes later I heard the door cabin door
shut and figured TJ must have gone back to his own cabin.

While Colby and Sean were in the bathroom getting ready for bed, Aaron and
TJ were helping a very tired Connor out of his clothes.  Connor was so
tired he was sleeping as Aaron was pulling his shirt off over his head.
Aaron laid Connor down on his bed and he and TJ each pulled off a shoe and
then a sock.  As TJ watched Aaron unbuttoned Connor's jeans and then helped
him pull them off.  TJ pulled back the covers of the bed figuring they were
done taking clothes off the sleeping twelve year old but when he looked
back he was surprised to see Aaron pulling Connor's underwear down his
legs.  Once Aaron had Connors underwear off he looked over at TJ and saw
the surprise on his face.  Smiling he quietly said, "They all sleep naked."

With that Aaron laid Connor down and pulled the covers up and over him
before leaning down and giving Connor a kiss on the forehead.  As Aaron was
pulling the covers up TJ got a nice look at Connor's growing patch of pubic
hair and three inch soft dick with it's foreskin covering about half of the
small head.  Just as Aaron kissed Connor's forehead, Sean and Colby came in
from the bathroom in just their boxers.  Aaron gave them both a hug saying,
"Merry Christmas guys, and thanks for being such great friends.  I love you
guys.  I'm going to walk TJ back to his cabin, OK?"  Sean and Colby both
said the same back to Aaron before pulling their boxers off and climbing
into bed.

TJ and Arron walked out and made the short walk to TJ's cabin.  Aaron had
been wanting to relive the kiss he and TJ shared at Thanksgiving and was
hoping they could do it again.  On the walk over, TJ said, "You are really
close to those three. I wish I had friends like that."  Aaron looked over
at TJ and said, "You do with me and all three of them are more like
brothers to me than friends and Steve and Mike are more like fathers."

As they walked up onto the porch of TJ's cabin Aaron stopped and took TJ's
hand in his pulling him into a kiss.  They made out for a few minutes
before they broke the kiss.  TJ looked up with a smile on his face and
said, "All the guys on my half of the cabin are gone if you would like to
come in."  TJ didn't give Aaron a chance to answer as he turned and opened
the door pulling Aaron in by the hand.

Once inside TJ pulled Aaron into a kiss wrapping his arms around Aaron's
waist as the stood near TJ's bed.  After a few minutes, TJ whispered,
"Would you like to lay down?"  TJ sat down on the bed and then laid back
pulling Aaron down on top of him.  Aaron laid down on top of TJ as they
started to make out once again.  Aaron could feel TJ's hard dick pushing
against his as they made out.  TJ's hands were roaming up and down Aaron's
back and he could feel every muscle in Aaron's back and before long he had
his hands under Aarons shirt feeling the warm and smooth skin.  Aaron's
hands had found their way under TJ's shirt and had worked their way up to
TJ's chest.  Both boys were so horny that they almost ripped each others
shirts off and then it was right back to some very intense making out and
hands roaming around each others upper body's.  Somehow TJ was now on top
and had started to kiss his way down to Aaron's hard chest stopping to suck
on each nipple for a few minutes before kissing his way down Aaron's six
pack abs.  While kissing his way down each ab muscle TJ's hands were busy
undoing Aaron's jeans.

Once TJ had Aaron's jeans undone and pushed down he took hold of Aaron's
rock hard seven inch dick stroking it a few time causing a fair amount of
precum to leak out the engorged head.  TJ's mouth was watering as he
lowered his mouth over the head of Aaron's dick and savored the taste of
the precum that was now running out of Aaron's dick.  Aaron was so turned
on that he new he wasn't going to last too long.  TJ' ran his tongue around
the head of Aaron's dick before closing his mouth around the head and
moving down the rock hard shaft.  Aaron took a hold of TJ's head with both
hands and started to pump his dick in and out of TJ's mouth.  Aaron was so
horny and turned on that it only took a few seconds before he could feel
himself about to explode.  Aaron tried to warn TJ but before he could get
the words out he started to shoot.  TJ was caught by surprise when the
first rope hit the back of his throat but was able to keep from gagging and
was able to take most of Aaron's load in his mouth by swallowing a couple
of time.

Aaron still had a hold of TJ's head holding it down on his dick as his
breathing slowed savoring the feeling of TJ's warm mouth.  TJ sucked the
last drops of cum out of Aaron's dick before releasing Aaron's still hard
dick.  TJ started to kiss his way back up torso again stopping at each
nipple for a few seconds before he reached Aaron's mouth.  Aaron could
taste his own cum on TJ's lips as they started to make out again.  As they
were making out Aaron could feel some dampness on the front of TJ's pants.
At first he thought it must have been TJ's precum from being so horny but
he learned the true reason when he asked TJ, "I want to suck your dick."
and TJ answered, "Well I got so turned on that I cam in pants while you
were shooting in my mouth."  They both busted out laughing as they laid in
bed together.  After a few more minutes of making out TJ asked, "Do you
want to go take a shower?  I really need to get out of these wet pants
before my cum dries in my pubs."

Aaron laughed again and said, "Yeah, lets go."  With that they got up out
of bed and undressed both getting their first look at each other fully
nude.  Aaron looked at TJ's somewhat thin body with almost no body fat and
almost void of body hair.  With TJ's smaller frame Aaron was a little
surprised at the size of TJ's dick and balls.  Even soft it looked like it
was almost five inches long and it hung over a set of large balls that were
hanging really low.  Aaron liked was he saw.  Like wise TJ was just as
impressed with Aaron's hot body with all his muscles and definition in all
the right places.  TJ really liked Aaron's darker skin which he inherited
from his Native American heritage.

They walked into the huge shower and only turned on one shower, adjusting
the water before stepping under the water.  After getting wet Aaron grabbed
the soap and started to run the soap over TJ's body.  TJ grabbed another
bar of soap doing the same for Aaron.  After a little making out under the
shower and hearing one of the guys from the other side of the cabin in the
outter bathroom they figured they had better get out of the shower.  After
drying off real quick they walked back into TJ's side of the cabin wrapped
in just their towels and laid back down on TJ's bed.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 27)

Date: Thu, 22 Dec 2011 11:02:15 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 35

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Please
excuse any mistakes you might find.  I have been very busy with the
holidays and did not have a chance to let someone edit this but I wanted to
get it posted before the holidays.

WISHING ALL A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:


**********
Chapter 35
**********

The next morning when Connor woke up Aaron's mornings wood was wedged
between his inner thighs.  Connor could feel some stickiness between his
legs and pushed back just into Aaron a little bit as Aaron continued to
sleep.  Connor looked across the room and saw his brother lying with his
head on Colby's chest still sound asleep also.  Connor knew it was about
time to get up but was enjoying the feeling of Aaron snuggled up against
his backside.  Connor reached down and gave his now four inch morning wood
a couple of tugs.  Then he reached down below his balls and let his finger
run across the head of Aaron's dick that was just poking through the front
on his legs.  Connor felt Aaron push into him a little more and got nervous
so he pulled his finger away.  Connor realized that he needed to pee really
bad so he opened his legs a little to let Aaron's dick out from between his
legs as he slid out from under the covers and headed to the bathroom.

After Connor finished emptying his bladder he went stopped to brush his
teeth before running back into the bedroom and jumping on the bed yelling
that it was time to get up.  Aaron about jumped out of the bed.  Once he
realized where he was he grabbed Connor by the waist and pulled him down on
the bed putting a pillow over his head to quiet him.  Aaron then grabbed
Connor's sides with both hands and started to tickle him causing Connor to
scream out in a rage squirming under Aaron's grip.

All the noise caused both Colby and Sean to sit straight up in bed.  After
Aaron was done attacking Connor he climbed out of bed still half hard and
walked toward the bathroom.  Sean and Colby both took advantage of the
moment and took a good look at Aaron as he walked by.  They both looked at
each other and smiled before climbing out of bed themselves both with their
morning wood pointing the way.

Steve and I had been up for about thirty minutes and were sitting outside
on the front porch of the cabin when we heard all the commotion from the
boy's bedroom.  We just laughed and smiled at each other as we finished our
morning coffee.

Once the boys finished in the bathroom the came running out of the cabin
with just enough time to make it to breakfast.  Steve and I had already
walked over to the dinning hall chatting with Jose and Maria when the boys
came flying in the door just behind a couple of other ranch hands.  After
the prayer we all enjoyed another amazing breakfast made by Maria.

After breakfast was over the boys went off to help with the morning chores.
Again TJ didn't leave Aarons side.  As the boys were helping with the
chores Steve and I cleaned up our ranch cabin since we would be heading
home before lunch and then went over to chat with Jose and Maria who were
sitting on the dinning hall porch waiting for all the ranch hands to finish
the morning chores and get cleaned up for church.

While we waited with them Jose asked, "Have you two given anymore thought
into opening some kind of youth ranch up there in Killeen?  I remember the
last time you all were down here Mike mentioned he would like to have a
place similar to this for kids up there."

Steve and I looked at each other and smiled.  I was a little weird that we
had just been talking about this last night and now Jose was mentioning the
exact same thing.  I looked over at Jose and said, "Yeah, in fact we talked
a bit more about it last night and agreed that we want to start looking
into what all it would take to open some kind ranch to give kids that need
a second chance some place that they can go and get that second chance.
I'm not sure what it will all take but I figured we would have a talk with
my lawyer as soon as I can get an appointment with him.  Why do you ask?"

Jose looked over at Maria with just a little smile on his face and then
looked back out towards the barn and said, "No particular reason.  Just
remembered you mentioning it the last time you were here."  Jose looked
down at his watch as he continued, "Those boy's better hurry with those
chores or we are going to be late for church."  With that he got up and
walked off towards the barn.

I looked back at Steve with a questioning look on my face when he walked
away.  We both looked back at Maria who was getting up and heading back
into the dinning hall and both noticed a funny little smile on her face
also.

I looked back and Steve, "What was that all about?"

Steve just said, "I have no idea, no idea at all."

Just about that time we saw the all the boys walking from the horse barn
walking back towards the cabins.  Everyone was walking a little faster than
normal.  I guess that Jose had told them to get a move on so they wouldn't
be late for work.

After the boys had showered and changed clothes so the didn't smell up the
truck on our drive back home they walked towards the dinning hall stopping
at the truck to throw their bags in the back.  Once they were all at the
dinning hall we all said our goodbyes to Joe and Maria.  Maria had tears
running down her face as she gave each boy a smothering hug.  Colby and
Aaron included.  I was a little surprised when Jose gave each one a big hug
as well before giving Steve and I a firm hand shake and a pat on the back.
Jose said, "We will see all of you back here for Christmas right?"

Steve smiled and said, "We couldn't think of a better place to spend
Christmas than here with our family and friends."

Just as we were about to head out to our trucks, Eric, David and TJ came
running up all cleaned up and dressed in there best tight jeans and nice
shirts ready for church.  Eric and David grabbed each of our boy's one by
one shaking their hands and then pulling them into a hug.  I noticed when
TJ got to Aaron that they went straight for the hug skipping the hand
shake.  The boys all chatted back and forth as they all walked with us to
our trucks.  There were some last minute slaps on the back and hugs as we
got into our trucks for the drive back to Killeen.  Sean and Colby jumped
in the front seat of Aaron's truck while Connor got in the back of my
truck.  We told the boys they could ride with Aaron as long as they stayed
behind us on the drive back.  It wasn't that we didn't trust Aaron's
driving, I just figured we would all stop for a nice lunch someplace on the
way back.

***********
Chapter 36
***********

After a stop for lunch and the holiday traffic we finally made it home just
after dark.  After the long weekend everyone was pretty tired after the
drive and getting all our stuff put away.  The boys just laid around the
house the rest of the evening watching movies or playing video games.  It
was a fend for yourself night for dinner as we all were in the living room
watching a movie.

We have all our favorite places to sit and watch movies.  Steve and I were
on the larger couch with me sitting at one end and Steve laying down on his
back with his head on my lap with my hand resting on his chest.  Sean and
Colby always take the smaller couch.  Both laying down spooning each other
with Colby's arms hanging over Sean's side.  More than once I would look
over and see Colby's hand slowly caressing Sean's stomach or chest.  And
then there was Aaron and Conner who both squeezed into the over stuffed
chair sitting next to each other or Conner sitting in front of Aaron
leaning back against him.

I woke up at about 10pm to find everyone else sound asleep.  I just sat
there and watched our boys sleeping, Sean in the arms of his boyfriend and
Conner in the arms of a good friend.  I woke Steve up and then told the
boys to head off to bed.  Aaron gave everyone a hug before he left for
home.

The weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas always seem to fly by.  Before
we knew it Christmas was just a week away.  Again we were making plans to
go down to the ranch for Christmas weekend.  Steve and I had got all our
shopping done and got all our boys new games for their game system, some
new clothes, and some gift cards for their favorite stores.

Also that week we got word that Colby's dad's trial would take place late
in January.  Colby has been spending some time with his mother once a week
but only under the supervision of me, Steve or a CPS worker.  Colby seemed
to be working through his feelings with his mother but wanted nothing to do
with his father.  During his last counseling appointment Colby came out to
the lobby where I was waiting for him and asked, "Mike do you think it
would be ok with Grandpa Jose and Grandma Maria if I asked my mom to join
us at the ranch for Christmas?  I really don't want her to be alone with
her husband without me at Christmas."

"I'm sure it will be ok with them.  Go ahead and ask your mom to join us if
you would like and then we will call Jose when we get home to let them
know.  But I'm sure it will be just fine with them."  I said with a smile.
I could see on his face how much this meant to him.

That evening Steve and I were talking and I mentioned how Colby had
referred to Dennis as his mother's husband rather than his father when he
asked about inviting here to the ranch.  Steve said, "I guess it just shows
how much he wants to distant himself from Dennis after what finding out his
involvement in Sean's attach."

Colby came out of his room and asked if he could call Jose and ask about
his mom.  Steve found the number in his phone and handed it to Colby.
Colby walked into the kitchen so he could talk and came back with the big
smile on his face.  Colby handed the phone back to Steve and ran off back
to his room to tell Sean the good news I'm sure.  Steve talked with Jose
for a few minutes to confirm our plans.  We have planed to leave here on
the evening of the 23rd and stop in Austin to pick up my kids at the
airport and then drive on down and spend the entire weekend down there. Of
course Aaron would drive down on his own after spending part of the holiday
with his family.

Before we knew it Christmas was here.  Colby's mother was driving her car
down since she was coming back a few days early so Sean and Colby rode with
her and Conner and Max where with Steve and I in our truck.  We made a
quick stop at the Austin Airport and picked up Kyle, Kelley and Kate.  I
had rented them a SUV for them so they would have plenty of room.  Once we
were all loaded up we drove on down to the ranch arriving just before dark.
Of course this time of the year it got dark at five o'clock so we made it
just in time for dinner.

Jose and Maria were waiting for us as we drove up.  There were hugs all
around and then Colby introduced Linda to everyone.  As we walked up the
steps to the mess hall David, Eric and TJ came out of the mess hall to
great us with more hugs.  As we all walked in to the mess hall for dinner I
heard TJ ask Sean when Aaron would be there.  I just smiled.  I noticed
there were not as many kids at dinner and figured many of them must have
gone home to family for the holidays.

After dinner we got all our bags carried to our cabins and all the
Christmas presents put under the large tree that was standing in the corner
of the mess hall.  Again the boys and Steve and I took one cabin and Kyle,
Kelly and Kate alone with Linda took another one.  Once everyone was
settled we all made our way back to the mess hall to relax in front of the
fireplace.  It was a little cool to sit outside around the fire ring so
Jose had started the nightly fire in the huge fireplace at one end of the
mess hall.  The boys all sat around the table with David, Eric and TJ
catching up with each other.  All of us adults spent the rest of the
evening chatting back and forth and telling stories of Christmas's past.
Around nine or so most of the adults had excused themselves and headed to
bed, Steve and I included.

After saying our good nights to my kids, Steve and I walked hand in hand
back to our cabin.  Once we had finished getting ready for bed we both
climbed in to bed and took our usual positions with Steve laying his head
on my chest and cuddled up next to me.  I loved how I felt when Steve and I
cuddled.  As we enjoyed our cuddling Steve's right hand slowly made circles
around my stomach which always caused my dick to become hard.  Steve's hand
slowly made it's way down to my trimmed pubic hair before grabbing my hard
cock that was standing straight up.  As Steve's hand slowly moved up and
down the shaft of my cock he started to suck my right nipple and then
worked his way over to the left.  I pulled Steve up on top of me so I could
feel his entire body on mine and so I could kiss those beautiful full lips
of his for awhile.  I could feel Steve's dick growing hard as he laid on
top of me.  I wanted to suck his hard uncut dick, knowing that he would be
leaking loads of precum.  I rolled Steve over and started kissing my way
down his body to that wonderful hard cock of his.  When I got there the
head of his dick was wet with that precum I was savoring.  I went right to
work taking as much of his seven inches as I could, running my tongue
around the head tasking his nectar.  Steve took a hold of my head with both
hands and started to face fuck me.  I think he realized that we wouldn't
have much time before the boys came in so he was getting right to it.

I loved the feeling of Steve's rock hard dick moving in and out of my mouth
and each time he would pull partway out I would run my tongue over the head
which drove him crazy. After just a couple of minutes I could feel Steve's
dick get harder in my hand and could feel the head swell just a little
bigger when I ran my tongue over it so I knew he was close.  He fucked me
face just a little harder, moaning that he was close.  He pushed in and
held my head down on his dick as he started to shoot his load down my
throat.  I took the first two shoots down my throat before he let loose
enough for me to pull back so I could take the rest of his load in my mouth
so I could taste it.  He must have shoot four or five more shoots in my
mouth filling it to the point that I had to swallow.  After I swallowed he
shoot once or twice more before falling back on the bed still breathing
hard.  I thought it was funny how Steve would almost sit up straight as he
held me head while he was cumming in my mouth.  After a few minutes his
breathing slowed as his dick started to soften some.  I continued to suck
on it making sure I got every drop out of him.

Steve pulled me off him when his dick became too sensitive and pulled me
back up so we could make out.  We only made out for about a minute before
Steve rolled me over and started working his way down to my rock hard dick.
Just like I did to him, he went right to work taking all all of my seven
and a half inches, just slowing a bit as I entered his throat.  I loved the
feeling of him swallowing my dick.  I was still practicing deep throating
but Steve had mastered it and could take my dick down his throat without
gagging.  He started bobbing up and down on my dick along with stroking the
shaft stopping every several strokes to swallow my dick.  It didn't take
long before I was grabbing Steve's head with both hand holding him down as
I shoot my load down his throat and just like me he backed off a little
after the first few shoots, taking the rest of my load on his tongue.
After a few minutes of letting him suckle on my deflating dick Steve made
his way back up on top of me so we could make out some more, sharing some
of my own juice with me before we settled in for a good nights sleep.

Back up at the mess hall the boys were still chatting.  Everyone had left
but Eric, Rick, TJ and our three.  The fire had burned down so they all
said their good nights before our three walked back to our cabin.  On the
walk over Conner asked, "Do you think we gave our Dads enough time?"

Sean looked at Conner and then to Colby before busting out laughing saying,
"I sure hope so but we better make some noise on the way in just in case."
They all smiled from ear to ear as the climbed up the two steps on to the
front porch of our cabin making sure the stomped several times before they
got to the door.  Once inside we could here them talking back and forth in
the bathroom as they got ready for bed.  I couldn't quite make out what
they were saying but I think I heard Colby say, "I don't hear any moaning
so I guess they are done." which caused them all to bust out in laughter as
they walked into their bedroom.

Everyone was up early the next morning and all met up at the mess hall for
breakfast.  Even on Christmas Eve there was work to be done on the ranch
and with most of the young ranch hands gone to be home with their families.
Being short handed Jose asked everyone to help with the chores of feeding
and cleaning stalls for the horses after breakfast.  Everyone was happy to
help out.  With my kids there along with the boys and Steve and I it didn't
take too long to get everything done and before I knew it we were all
heading back to the mess hall for lunch.

After lunch Jose gave some instructions to Eric, David, and TJ.  Eric
grabbed our three boys and took off back for the barn.  About thirty
minutes later I saw them all ridding off out towards one of the back
pastures.  All the adults were sitting on the mess hall porch chatting as
we watched them all ride off.  Jose smiled saying, "I sent them out to
check the back fence.  I know it's fine but just wanted to get them all out
from under foot for awhile.  I also need them to bring in the horses that
are out in that pasture.  I want them all in the barn while we are gone for
a few days."

I Steve asked, "Where are you going?"

I noticed Jose had a little smile on his face, saying, "I'm sending Eric,
David and TJ up near your place to look at some new horses.  Mr. Smith is
thinking of taking in some horses from some folks that are struggling to
care for them with the drought.  I am having them leave the morning after
Christmas taking the truck and trailer and then mom and I will drive up
after later that afternoon.  In fact since you guys will be driving back
the same day if you guys would like to join us I might need your help
finding the place.  It's just south of Killeen but I'm not too familiar
with that area."

Steve looked over at me before saying, "Sure we would like to help in any
way we can."

A couple of hours later we saw the boys heading back towards the barn with
several horses out in front of them.  They pushed them into the coral on
the back side of the barn and then tended to their horses.  I saw David
hooking hooking up the big fifth wheel horse trailer and then saw the boys
carrying out pales of straw and hay loading them into the trailer.  I
figured they must be getting it ready for their trip.

Before long it started getting dark and it was time for dinner.  It was a
light dinner since Maria along with the help of Colby's mom, had been
preparing everything for Christmas dinner.  After saying grace Jose made
sure to announce that everyone that was going to church needed to be ready
by nine so they could make it into town early enough to get good seats."

After dinner everyone went to their cabins and started getting ready for
church, changing into their church jeans, dress shirts and polished cowboy
boots.  We all met up at nine and loaded up into a few trucks and then
headed into town.  It was a very nice service and Jose and Marie made sure
to show off there grandson's making sure to include Colby.  I think the
boys were hating it but Steve and I were enjoying watching them, smiling
and laughing.  It was late when we got back and everyone went off to bed as
soon as we got back to the ranch.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 28)

Date: Mon, 7 Nov 2011 16:11:01 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 34

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A
special thanks to Kyle for editing this chapter.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Just about the time that TJ was finishing his story David and Eric walked
back up from their little adventure on the other side of the pond.  They
could both tell by the mood of the guys that they were having a serious
talk about something.  TJ wiped his eyes when he looked up and saw David
and Eric walking up.  TJ took a few moments to get his emotions back under
control.  He then continued, "I got back to school and tried to call my
parents and found my phone had been turned off.  I went to class Monday
morning and when I came back to my room at lunch I checked my email and saw
I had an email from the registration office asking me to come into there
office as soon as possible.  After my afternoon classes I walked over to
their office and was told that my dad had stopped payments on my dorm room.
I was told that if I couldn't make the payments for my dorm room I would
have to move out at the end of the month.  My classes were paid for this
through this one semester but after that I would have to pay for those on
my own.  I couldn't pay for the dorm so at the end of October, I had to
move out of my dorm room.  I couldn't find anyone to live with, so I just
started sleeping in my car in different parks near the school.  I would use
the school gym to shower before class each morning.  One night I got caught
sleeping in my car by a cop and was told I couldn't be sleeping in my car.
He was a nice guy and after I told him a little about my situation he said
he might know someone who could help me out.  The next day I got a call
from him and he gave me the phone number of Mr. Smith and told me to call
him.  After talking with Mr. Smith we met later that day and he invited me
to stay at his ranch and so now I have been here for about three weeks."

Arron was still setting next to TJ still with his hand on TJ's shoulder as
everyone just sat there quiet for a few minutes not knowing what to say.
After a few minutes David said they needed to be getting ready to head
back.  Aaron stood up and then helped TJ up and pulled him right into a
hug.  This surprised TJ a little bit but he was glad Aaron was hugging him.

After the boys got their horses readied they started the ride back to the
main part of the ranch.  Once there they all helped each other but up the
horses, making sure that they were all brushed and fed before they headed
back to their cabins to get a shower before the dinner bell rang.

				**********
				Chapter 34
				**********

The boys made it to dinner just on time. All walking in just as Jose was
about ring the dinner bell in order to get everyone to quiet down so he
could say graze before we filled our plates.  All the boys sat at the next
table and chatted back and forth all through dinner.  Both Steve and I
noticed that they all seemed to have become good friends in such a short
time.

After dinner we all walked out to the big fire ring that over looked a
large valley and sat around the blazing boom fire that some of the ranch
hands had built.  Everyone chatted back and forth as we listened to the
fire crackle while a couple of the young ranch hands played their guitars.
The fire felt nice since the weather had turned to the cool side.

Before long some of use older guys started staying our good nights.  Kyle,
Kelly, and Kate walked to their cabin and Steve and I strolled to ours.
Aaron asked if it was all right if they stayed out to enjoy the fire a
little longer.  I said it was fine.  Aaron had a huge smile on his face
when he said they would be at least an hour.  I smiled back at him knowing
that he meant Steve and I would have some time alone before they came back
to the cabin.

When Steve crawled into bed and took his usual position next to me with his
head lying on my check he asked, "Did you notice how TJ never left Aaron's
side tonight?  I think TJ has a crush on Aaron."

As I ran my fingers through Steve's short hair I said, "Yeah, I also
noticed that Aaron seemed to like having TJ there.  I think Aaron is coming
to terms with the idea that he may be more gay than straight."

Steve fell quiet for several minutes before he asked, "Remember the last
time we were down here at the ranch and we talked a little bit about
starting up a ranch like this up home ?

I answered back, "A little.  It is just a dream of mine.  Not sure that I
will be ever able to make that dream come true though.  Why?"

"Well I was thinking a little more about it while we were sitting around
the fire tonight.  I was thinking that I will be retiring in just over a
year and thought that maybe we should put some serious thought into some
kind of youth ranch." Steve said as his hands roamed aimlessly around my
stomach.

I answered, "Would you seriously entertain the idea of running a youth
ranch?"

"Sure why not?  I think we are both good with kids and you have always said
Killeen needs some kind of place for the troubled kids in our area to go,
to learn how to become responsible kids.  Why can't we open a place like
that?" said Steve.

I was still thinking about what Steve said in my mind while I felt Steve's
hand move down to my dick.  He slowly started stroking my dick causing it
to become rock hard.  Before I knew it Steve had worked his way down to my
dick and was bobbing up and down on it taking it down all the way to the
base.  Steve was an expert at sucking dick and could deep throat all seven
and a half inches of my dick.  It felt so amazing, so warm and wet.  Steve
knew just what to do to drive me to the brink of orgasm without letting me
cum.  After bringing me to the edge of orgasm the for the fourth time I
grabbed his head and started pumping my dick in and out of his mouth so I
could finally shoot my load down his throat.  I must have shot five or six
ropes of cum down his throat before I released his head.

After I let go he crawled back up and kissed me hard, sticking his tongue
in my mouth sharing my own cum with me.  We made out for a little bit
before I pushed him back saying, "It's your turn."

Steve just laughed a little saying, "I took care of myself while taking
care of you."  It seems Steve was jacking off while he was sucking me.

Outside the boys were still chatting back and forth.  Connor was getting
cold so he told the other guys that he was heading back to the cabin.
After talking a little bit longer Eric stood and started putting out the
fire saying, "We all need to get to bed.  We have to be up early for our
chores."

Everyone said their good nights.  Sean noticed that TJ gave Aaron a hug
goodnight before he started to walk off towards the ranch hands cabin with
Eric and David.  Aaron, Sean and Colby all walked back to our cabin and all
got ready for bed.  Sean and Colby climbed in one bed and Aaron climbed in
the other bed with Connor.

As soon as Aaron climbed in bed he grabbed a hold of Connor and pulled him
into him so they were spooning together.  They have been doing this ever
since Aaron started staying over night and Connor would climb in bed with
Aaron in the middle of the night.  There was nothing sexual about it even
though both slept naked.  They both just enjoyed snuggling with each other
as the slept.

In the other bed Sean and Colby quietly made out for a little bit but knew
that they could not do any thing with Aaron and Connor in the bed right
across the room.  But they enjoyed just making out and letting their hands
explore each others bodies.

It wasn't long before all four boys were sound a sleep.  Over in one of the
ranch hand cabins, TJ was lying in his bed picturing Aaron in his mind
while his right hand was playing with his seven inch hard on.  TJ was
imagining what Aaron's body looked like.  He was wondering if it was as
smooth as his body.  TJ was the typical blond headed, blue eyed guy with
very little hair on his body besides the wavy blond hair on top his head.
Other than that the only hair on his body was little tufts of light brown
hair under each arm and another little patch above his dick.  TJ liked
Aaron's tan skin with his thick black hair.  TJ was imagining running his
hands over Aaron's hard body working his way down to what he was betting a
nice thick patch of black hair a top of a nice thick dick.  TJ's hand was
pumping up and down his dick using all of his precum for lube.  TJ liked
how he oozed a lot of precum so he never needed to find any lube to use.
It wasn't long before TJ felt his balls pulling up tight just before he
started to shoot rope after rope of cum all over his chest and stomach.

The next morning everyone was at breakfast on time.  Some of the younger
ranch hands had to run from their cabin up to the mess hall.  Just being
your typical young men and always sleeping to the very last second.  Jose
just smiled as they walked in the door just before he started the prayer.

After breakfast, the boys all went to help the ranch hands with the morning
chores.  They really seemed to love to work with the horses and help with
all the stall cleaning and feeding.

After lunch everyone said their goodbyes to my kids as Steve and I were
going to take them to the airport since they were flying home later in the
afternoon.  I was so relieved that they all seemed to get along so well.
Kate and Kyle both seemed to accept not only my relationship with Steve but
seemed to really like him and the boys.  Seeing them all give each other
hugs as they said their goodbyes made me choke up just a little as I
thought about how lucky I was to have such a great family.

The boys didn't have time to take a ride today.  Jose had some work for
them to do around the corral and barn.  Jose seemed to really enjoy having
the boys out on the ranch and teaching them about all the stuff it takes to
care for horses.

Steve and I got back just in time for dinner.  Again after dinner most
everyone went out and sat around the boom fire to chat and relax for a
little while.  I noticed that TJ and Aaron seemed to be attached at the
hip.  After a few hours most had started to walk to there respective ranch
cabins to turn in for the night.  Steve and I and all the boys were some of
the last to head to bed.  Living in the city we don't get the chance to
hang out like this so we were savoring every moment.

Steve and I excused ourselves along with Connor, leaving Sean, Colby and
Aaron with just David, Eric and TJ.  As we walked towards our cabin I
looked back and noticed that TJ was pulling Aaron to his feet and started
to walk towards his cabin.  I gave Steve a little nudge and nodded back so
he would take a look.  He just smiled as we walked in our cabin.

TJ had Aaron by the hand and lead him over to the side of his cabin.  He
didn't think he should take Aaron inside since there were other guys inside
sleeping.  When they got to side of the cabin where they were out of site
of everyone else TJ stopped and pushed Aaron against the side of the cabin.
Without saying a word TJ looked into Aaron's eyes for a moment and then
leaned in kissing Aaron on the lips.  Aaron was a little surprised at first
but then realized he was enjoying it.  Aaron had kissed his girlfriend many
times but it never felt like this.  TJ pulled back after just a short time
and looked back into Aaron's eyes.  TJ was a little nervous but that
feeling subsided quickly when Aaron leaned back into TJ kissing him back.
Again the kiss didn't last too long and when they pulled apart they just
looked into each others eyes for a couple of minutes before TJ walked back
to the front of his cabin with a huge smile on his face.

Colby spotted Aaron coming out from the side of the cabin and nudged Sean.
Sean looked over and then back at Colby with a smile.  They both got up and
said goodnight to David and Eric before running over to catch up with Aaron
who was walking back to our cabin.  When they caught up to Aaron they both
just smiled at him as the walked back to our cabin in silence.

Once inside they all went into the bathroom to get ready for bed.  Colby
couldn't stand it any more and finally asked Aaron, "So what happened over
there?"

Aaron just smiled and little and said, "He just kissed me and then I kissed
him back.  With that he walked back to the bedroom and climbed in bed with
Connor pulling the sound a sleep Connor into him.  As he closed his eyes he
thought about the kiss and how it made him feel and how much he liked it.
He realized that the thought of the kiss was making him hard and his dick
was poking the back of Connor's legs right below his ass.  Aaron was
worried that Connor might freak out but then Connor moved a little lifting
his top leg just enough so Aaron's rock hard dick slid in between Connor's
inner thighs.  Aaron froze for a few minutes waiting to see what Connor
would do.  After a few minutes Connor's breathing let Aaron know that he
was completely asleep again.  Aaron didn't move but knew he was leaking
some precum.  After a few minutes Aaron's thoughts went back to TJ's kiss
as he drifted off to sleep.

Back in the bathroom Colby and Sean smiled at each other as Aaron left the
room.  Colby pulled Sean into him and whispered, "I think Aaron liked it."
Colby then started to make out with Sean for a few minutes before they both
walked into the bedroom and crawled into bed.  As they crawled into bed
they couldn't help but notice the little smile on Aaron's face as he was
sleeping in the next bed.  Since they figured both Connor and Aaron were
both sound asleep, Sean started to make out with Colby once they had
settled into bed.  Sean kissed his way down and sucked on both of Colby's
nipples before he kissed his way down to Colby's raging hard on.  Once
there, Sean went straight to work, sucking Colby's hard on all the way
down.  Sean wasn't wasting any time as he started to bob up and down on
Colby's dick with a vengeance.  Colby grabbed Sean's head forcing Sean to
take more of Colby's dick in his hot wet mouth.  It only took a few minutes
for Colby to reach the point of no return.  Sean knew Colby was close when
Colby took a hold of his head with both hands and started to pump his dick
in and out of Colby's mouth.  Colby grabbed his pillow and covered his face
to muffle his moans as he exploded in Sean's mouth, shooting rope after
rope of his hot boy seed in his boyfriend's mouth.

Sean had a hard time swallowing all Colby's cum.  Some of it ran out of his
mouth and fell into Colby's pubs.  Sean continued to suck on Colby's
softening dick until Colby grabbed his head and pulled him off of his super
sensitive dick.  Sean kissed his way back up Colby's torso after stopping
to clean up the cum in Colby's pubs.  Sean stopped to suck on each nipple
real quick before moving up to Colby's mouth.  Sean shared some of Colby's
own cum with him as they made out.  Sean then moved down and layed his head
down on Colby's chest, settling in for a good nights sleep.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 29)

Date: Thu, 6 Oct 2011 07:39:46 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve 33

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A
special thanks to Kyle for editing this chapter.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

On the other side of the bunk house the boys were climbing into bed.
Connor in one bed with Colby and Sean in the other.  It had been a long day
so it didn't take long for Connor was sound asleep.  Sean and Coby had been
doing some making out waiting for Connor to fall asleep before Sean started
to make his way down Colby's torso, kissing his way down to Colby's raging
hard on.  Sean didn't waist any time and jumped right on Coby's dick going
to down and within just a few minutes Colby was shooting his boy cum down
Sean's throat.  Sean made his way back up to Colby's mouth sharing a little
bit of Colby's juice with him.  Colby pushed Sean down and dove straight
for Sean's dick.  It was Colby's turn to go to town on Sean's dick and a
few minutes later he was tasting Sean's cum as Sean shoot load after load
into his mouth.  They made out for just a few minutes more before turning
on their sides to cuddle as the both fell into a deep sleep.

**********
Chapter 33
**********

We were all up early the next morning and even though it was Black Friday,
there was not going to be any shopping for us.  Life on a horse ranch
doesn't stop for holidays, so it was just a normal day as far as all the
ranch hands were concerned.

Everyone was at breakfast at seven am and then it was off to start the
morning chores.  All three boys ate breakfast with Eric, David, and the new
kid TJ and then headed down to the horse barn with them.  They all worked
together to feed the horses and then started working on cleaning the stalls
out.  Steve and I were very proud of our boys as they were willing to jump
right in and help with all the chores no matter how hard and nasty the work
was.

Before long, they had all the stalls cleaned out and all the horses brushed
and let out in the corral.  The boys didn't even realize it was getting
close to lunch time.  Steve and I were sitting on the porch of the dinning
hall along with Kelly, Kate, and Lori, enjoying the peace and quiet and
chatting with them.  We watched the boys chatting with each other as they
were walking back towards the dinning hall.  They all stopped at the huge
trough sink on the outside wall of the dinning hall so they could wash up
before lunch.  Once they were washed up, they came up on the porch and
found a rocking chair or bench to sit down to chat with us adults as we had
a little bit before lunch.  I noticed Sean kept looking at his watch and
looking down the entrance road every few minutes.

I said, "Sean don't worry, Aaron will be here any time.  Your dad just got
off the phone with him before you came up here giving him the directions
into the ranch so he should be driving up any time now."

Sean just smiled, saying "Thanks dad."

Then, as if right on cue, we heard a car coming down the entrance road.
Sean, Colby, and Connor all jumped up to go out and meet Aaron.  We watched
as they all hugged Aaron as soon as he got out of the car.  They walked him
down to our bunk house so he could put his bag in their room and then they
headed back up to the dinning hall to join us.

Sean introduced Aaron to everyone explaining to everyone that it was Aaron
that found him after he had got beaten up at school.  Aaron shook
everyone's hand but when he got over to Steve and I, we got a hug.  I did
notice TJ couldn't take his eyes off Aaron and when they shook hands it
seemed to me that Aaron held on to TJ's hand a little longer than everyone
else.

After lunch, the boys asked Jose if they could go for a horseback ride.
Jose had David, Eric, and TJ take our four out for a ride.  After getting
all the horses saddled, all seven of them headed out towards the small lake
that David, Eric, Sean, and Colby went to the last time we were at the
ranch.

After riding for close to an hour, the boys arrived at the lake.  They all
tied up their horses so they could graze in the small meadow near by.  They
then all walked over to one of the large rocks near the lake.  They all
started throwing rocks in the water which ended up becoming a rock skipping
contest while they all chatted back and forth.

Eric and David said they were going to take a walk around the lake.  Of
course Sean and Colby knew that they wanted some alone time.  It was hard
for them to find time alone since there were several other guys living in
their bunk house some of how would not be comfortable with them making out
in front of them.  So when ever they rode out to the lake they would take
some alone time.

Once David and Eric made it to their favorite spot on the other side of the
lake, David turned around and grabbed Eric, pulling him into him and
started they started kissing.  David was really horned up and was attaching
his boyfriend's body.  It had been over two weeks since they made love and
David had been hard the whole ride out to the lake.  David started to
pulled Eric's shirt off throwing it on the ground as he sucked Eric's right
nipple into his mouth.  David spent a few minutes on Eric's right nipple
before moving over to the left.  Eric had a hold of David's head running
his fingers through his hair as he enjoyed the feeling of his nipples being
work over.

David started working his way down the center of Eric's chest and abs as
his hands worked to unbutton Eric's pants.  Eric threw his head back
letting out a low moan as David made his way down to Eric's raging hard on.
David struggled a little getting Eric's pants undone but was finally able
to free Eric's rock hard seven inch hard dick.  Once he had it free, David
dove right down on Eric's dick, sucking all seven inches in at once.  David
started working Eric's dick in and out of his mouth, sucking as hard as he
could as he continued to pull Eric's pants down to his ankles.  Once he had
Eric's pants down, he started working on getting his pants undone and
pushed down as he continued to bob up and down on his boyfriend's dick. It
had been several weeks since he and Eric have had some alone time and David
was so horned up he was like a wild man.

Once David had his own pants undone, he reached into his pocket for the
bottle of lube he had brought along with him just in case.  David was able
to open the bottle of lube and squirt some on his raging hard on without
letting Eric's dick out of his mouth.  David started to stroke his hard
cock make sure he was well lubed before he came off Eric's dick.  David
stood up and kissed Eric hard on the lips once again before he turned his
boyfriend around and bent him over.

David took a hold of his lubed hard on and pointed it straight at Eric's
pink hole.  David placed the head on the hole and started to push with
steady pressure as he waited for Eric to relax enough for him to slide in.
Eric closed his eyes as he felt the head of David's dick pass through the
outer ring of his hole.  Eric had to concentrate on relaxing his hole to
allow David in.  Once Eric felt the head of David's dick pass through, he
was able to exhale as David pushed the rest of his seven inches inside him.

It didn't take long for David to get into a steady rhythm as he enjoyed the
feeling of his dick sliding in and out of his boyfriend's ass.  David
started to pick up speed as he felt his impending orgasm approach.  David
reached around to grab Eric's dick and started stroking it with his lubed
hand.  David wanted them both to cum at the same time.  David was right on
the brink of orgasm as he slowed waiting for Eric to catch up.

Eric was moaning each time David pushed his dick in as the tip of David's
dick hit his prostrate.  Eric was reached around with both hands to grab
David's ass, pulling him in signaling David that he was about to blow.
David pick up the speed again driving his dick in and out of Eric's hole
faster and faster while at the same time pumping his fist faster and faster
over Eric's dick.

Eric moans got louder and louder as his boyfriend pounded him.  Eric
started to get weak in the knees as he felt his boy juice race out of his
balls as he started to explode all over the ground in front of him.  David
could feel Eric's ass contract each time he shot which caused him to
explode inside Eric's ass.  David fell over Eric's back kissing Eric on the
back as he shot shot after shot of his juice in Eric's ass.  Eric had to
grab on to the tree in front of him so they both didn't fall flat on the
ground.

Once their breathing returned to normal, the two faced each other and made
out for a few minutes before pulling up their paints after doing a little
cleaning up.  All Eric said was "That was so fucking hot."  David just
smiled in agreement.  Once they had themselves cleaned up and all their
clothing straightened up they started walking back to the others holding
hands as they walked.

While Eric and David were fucking like wild dogs on the other side of the
pond, Sean, Colby, Aaron, Connor, and AJ were all sitting out in the open
area soaking up the sun and talking back and forth.

Since the four of our boys knew just about everything about each other,
most of the talk was about TJ. Aaron figured TJ would feel a little left
out since he was left behind when his friends Eric and David walked off for
some alone time, so he made sure that TJ was included in the conversation.

After talking about school, sports, and of course the latest video games,
Aaron started to ask TJ questions about himself.  TJ seemed reluctant to
talk about his life but for some reason he felt comfortable talking with
these four guys.  They learned that TJ was 19 and had just graduated from
high school the past spring. TJ told them that he played on his high school
baseball team all four years being the only freshman making the varsity
team and played short stop. TJ said he hoped to get a scholarship but he
didn't due to a couple of injuries that limited his play his senior year.
TJ actually said his injuries turned out to be a good thing because he
learned a lot about physical therapy working with the teams medical staff
and he found out that he really liked physical therapy and is going to
school for sports medicine. Aaron asked TJ how he ended up on the ranch and
TJ just looked down to the ground between his knees as he began to tell his
story.


"I have always new I was different than most other boys.  As far back as I
can remember I have been more interested in boys than girls.  Last year
while I was working with the trainers for our team and he was giving me a
back massage and I was so turned on thinking about another guy touching my
body that I knew that I must be gay.  I had many massages from our female
trainer and never got turned on like I did when the male trainer massaged
me.  After I left for college, I knew that I had to be honest with myself
and come out to my parents.  So about two months ago, I came out to my
parents while I was home for a long weekend and it didn't go very well.  My
mom just started crying and told me she would get me into therapy so we
could get me fixed. My dad just sat there staring at me for several minutes
and then got up and walked upstairs. When he came back down he had my
suitecase that I had brought home and walked to the front door."

TJ had tears running down his cheeks as he continued, "I couldn't figure
out why he had my suitcase.  It just didn't hit me until he opened the
front door and without any emotion at all he just said get out.  He
wouldn't look me in the eye.  He just stared at the wall and said, "I won't
have a faggot living in my house.  Please leave and don't come back."  TJ
was holding his head in his hands, trying to keep from breaking down.
Aaron had gotten up from where he was sitting and was now sitting right
next to and a little behind TJ. TJ felt Aaron's hand touch his shoulder as
he continued, "I just sat there looking at him.  My own father had just
told me to get out of his house and never come back.  My mom started crying
again and my dad just left the door open and walked over and took a hold of
my mom's hand and pulled her up from her chair and they both walked
upstairs.  I just sat there for a few minutes not knowing what to do.
After awhile I picked up my bag and left.  I didn't feel like driving all
the way back to school so I went to a hotel.  I went to pay for it with the
credit card my parents gave me to use and it was declined.  I found out
later that my dad had called and canceled it even before I left the house.
I didn't have any money so I just drove to a park and slept in my car that
night and then drove back to school the next morning."

Just about the time that TJ was finishing his story David and Eric walked
back up from their little adventure on the other side of the pond.  They
could both tell by the mood of the guys that they were having a serious
talk about something.  TJ wiped his eyes when he looked up and saw David
and Eric walking up.  TJ took a few moments to get his emotions back under
control.  He then continued, "I got back to school and tried to call my
parents and found my phone had been turned off.  I went to class Monday
morning and when I came back to my room at lunch I checked my email and saw
I had an email from the registration office asking me to come into there
office as soon as possible.  After my afternoon classes I walked over to
their office and was told that my dad had stopped payments on my dorm room.
I was told that if I couldn't make the payments for my dorm room I would
have to move out at the end of the month.  My classes were paid for this
through this one semester but after that I would have to pay for those on
my own.  I couldn't pay for the dorm so at the end of October, I had to
move out of my dorm room.  I couldn't find anyone to live with, so I just
started sleeping in my car in different parks near the school.  I would use
the school gym to shower before class each morning.  One night I got caught
sleeping in my car by a cop and was told I couldn't be sleeping in my car.
He was a nice guy and after I told him a little about my situation he said
he might know someone who could help me out.  The next day I got a call
from him and he gave me the phone number of Mr. Smith and told me to call
him.  After talking with Mr. Smith we met later that day and he invited me
to stay at his ranch and so now I have been here for about three weeks."

Arron was still setting next to TJ still with his hand on TJ's shoulder as
everyone just sat there quiet for a few minutes not knowing what to say.
After a few minutes David said they needed to be getting ready to head
back.  Aaron stood up and then helped TJ up and pulled him right into a
hug.  This surprised TJ a little bit but he was glad Aaron was hugging him.

After the boys got their horses readied they started the ride back to the
main part of the ranch.  Once there they all helped each other but up the
horses, making sure that they were all brushed and fed before they headed
back to their cabins to get a shower before the dinner bell rang.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 30)

Date: Mon, 12 Sep 2011 21:16:03 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 32

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A
special thanks to Greg for editing this chapter.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Aaron opened the door just enough to peek inside and watched as Steve was
straddling me, guiding my ragging hard on to his hole.  Aaron had pushed
his boxers down and was stroking his cock as he watched my dick disappear
inside Steve's ass. Aaron couldn't take his eyes off my dick as it slid in
and out of Steve as Steve rode my dick.  Just as Steve was blowing all over
my chest, Aaron grabbed his boxers off the floor in front of him and
covered the end of his dick as his knees became weak as he blew his load
into the boxers.  Aaron couldn't see Steve blowing all over my chest but he
was envisioning it in his mind with every burst of cum shooting out of his
cock.  Aaron continued to watch us make out as he came down off his
orgasmic high and the strength returned to legs before he walked back to
Sean and Colby's room.  Just as Aaron was climbing back into the top bunk
he realized he had forgot to close the door to our room. Aaron climbed back
down and was walking back to our room to shut the door when he heard Steve
closes to the door and tell me that he hopped one of the boys had not
opened the door and saw us making love.

********** Chapter 32 **********

The next morning I noticed Aaron seemed to be a little quiet.  I wandered
if he was still a little embarrassed about asking me about what it was like
to have anal sex.  As Steve and I were fixing breakfast for the boys Steve
asked, "Hey was one of you guys up last night and try to come into our
room?"

When Steve asked the question I happen to be looking straight at Aaron
who's face went beat red as he looked down at his cereal bowl.  Right then
I knew it must have been Aaron that opened our door last night.  Now I was
wandering just what he saw.

That Sunday I called my two kids.  Thanksgiving was just a couple of weeks
away and I wanted to make sure they were both planning to come back home
for Thanksgiving weekend.  I called Kelly and his wife first and they were
planning on flying in the day before Thanksgiving.  When I called Kate she
also planned on flying in on the Wednesday.  I later found out that they
had talked and planned their travel plans so I only had to make one trip to
the airport to pick them up.  I was really looking forward to seeing them
again.  I hadn't seem either of them since Christmas the year before.

Steve also got a call from Jose and Maria.  After he got off the phone he
told me they had invited all of us down to the ranch for Thanksgiving.  We
talked about it and decided we thought it would be great fun doing
Thanksgiving down there.  With Steve and the boys plus my two kids we
figured it would be too crowded to try and do a family meal here at our
house.

Maria told Steve she made a complete Thanksgiving meal for all the ranch
hands that stayed at the ranch for the holiday weekend and adding several
more was no big deal.  Steve said he would call Maria back the following
day and take her up on the offer and make sure it was fine to bring my kids
along as well.

Before we knew it Thanksgiving was upon us.  Steve and I had talked about
what we were going to tell my kids about our relationship.  They knew that
he and the boys were living with me but they did not know that Steve and I
were living as a couple.  Since we really didn't have room in the house for
them I got them both a hotel room near the house.  Steve and I decided we
would take everyone out for dinner Wednesday evening after they got settled
in their hotel room.  I made arrangements to meet with them alone before we
left for dinner.  I wanted to tell them about Steve and I before we met up
for dinner.

I met them at the hotel bar.  I asked Kelly and Kate to meet me in the bar
so we could talk.  I got Kelly and me a beer and Kate a Long Island iced
tea.  We all started talking what was going on in their lives.  Kelly and
his wife where doing well in New Mexico, both enjoying teaching.  Kelly is
teaching at a high school along with being an Assistant Coach on the
football team.  Kelly's wife, Lori is a teacher at the elementary school.
Kate is in her last year of college and is planning on becoming a Physical
Therapist.

After we got caught up I told them that I had something I needed to talk to
them about.  "You know that Steve and his two boys have been living with me
since the first of the year.  I have known Steve for several years after we
were in the same unit together.  Not sure if you remember or not but he
came to the house a couple of times when you two were younger.  Anyway I
hope that you two know that I love you and would never intentionally hurt
you."

I was having a hard time coming up with the words.  I had practiced this
speech over and over again but I was at a loss for words.  I knew that I
was just going to have to say it all at once and get it over with.  "I
realized something about myself when I first met Steve several years ago.
I realized that I have always been attracted to guys.  Even during the time
I was married to your mother.  I never acted on these feelings while your
mom and I were together.  After your mom passed away I was very lonely and
when Steve came back into my life needing a place to stay I was happy to
have him and his boys stay with me.  After Steve moved in we both realized
that we had feelings for one another.  We realized that we both were gay
and wanted to have a life together.  I guess you could say that Steve is my
boyfriend."  There I said it.

Both Kelly and Kate sat there for a moment and then looked at each other.
Kelly spoke first saying, "Dad, I'm not sure about mom or Kate but I have
always wandered if you liked guys.  Back in high school I remember watching
you look at some of my friends.  I'm not sure I understand it all but if
you are happy and being with Steve makes you happy then I can deal with
it."

Kate said pretty much the same thing.  I was so relieved that they both
were ok with mine and Steve's relationship.  After our talk we went back to
Kelly' room to get Lori and then we left to meet with Steve and the boys at
the restaurant.  Steve and the boys were already there when we got there
and were waiting for us just inside.  I introduced Steve and the boys to
Kelly, Lori, and Kate in the lobby before we were seated at our table.  At
first the conversation seamed to be a little to polite but as our dinner
went on Kelly and Kate seamed to open up and before long we were all
laughing at the stories being told.  Some of which I wish my kids would
have kept to themselves but the boys seamed to like them.

Towards the end of our dinner I told them both about our Thanksgiving plans
to go to the ranch instead having it at my place.  They all thought that it
sounded like a lot of fun.  I explained that we would be staying for the
rest of the weekend and that they would need to bring all their stuff with
them.  We arranged for them to meet us at our house the next morning.

Everyone came back to the house after we finished dinner so we could spend
more time together.  Of course the boys ended up in Sean and Colby's room
playing video game.  Just before they were ready to head back to the hotel,
Aaron walked in.  I introduced Aaron as he made his way into the boys room.
We had invited Aaron down to the ranch with us but he needed to spend
Thanksgiving with his family.  He was going to join us on Friday and stay
the rest of the weekend.

The next morning Kelly, Lori and Kate arrived at our house right on time.
When they came into the house Steve and all three boys were sitting in the
living room while I was finishing up packing the freshly baked pies that we
were taking down for desert.  They all chatted about this and that while I
finished up in the kitchen.

We got the truck and car loaded up and took off for San Antonio and about
ninety minutes later we were pulling up in front of Jose and Maria's place.
Maria and Jose came out of the mess hall building to greet us.  I
introduced Kyle, Kate and Lori.  Maria told Jose to help up get our things
into the bunk house because Thanksgiving dinner was about ready.

We all grabbed our bags and walked with Jose to the same bunk house we used
the last time we were at the Ranch.  Jose took Kyle, Lori and Kate to the
bunk house next to ours.  Jose explained that they would be sharing a bunk
house with some of the male ranch hands and that he had already explained
that they would have two females in the adjoining room.

We all put our bags in the bunk houses and took a few minutes to get
cleaned up for dinner.  Once everyone was ready we headed back to the mess
hall building where everyone was gathering for Thanksgiving dinner.

We we walked up the steps and in the front doors there were about a dozen
or so ranch hands milling around chatting with each other.  Most I
recognized from our last visit.  As soon as David and Eric saw us walk in
they headed straight for us shaking our hands and sharing a hug with the
boys.

It wasn't long before Maria came out from behind the counter and told Jose
that everything was ready.  Jose went the wall near the front door and gave
a tug on the string hanging from a small bell.  Jose rang the bell twice
and asked everyone to quiet down.  Once everyone was quiet he gave a short
speech about how honored he was to be surrounded by family and friends
making a special note of how thankful he was to have Steve and the boys
along with me and my kids joining them on this special holiday.

Once he was finished he asked everyone to bow there head for grace.  After
he was finished he said, "I'm not sure if everyone knows our special guest
so I would like to introduce them."  Jose walked over to Steve and put his
hand on Steve's shoulder, "This is our grandson's father Steve and I think
most of you know our two grandson's, Sean and Connor over there along with
Sean's friend Colby."  Jose then put his hand on my shoulder and said,
"This is Steve's partner Mike and his two kids Kelly and Kate along with
Kelly's wife Lori.  Please make sure you introduce yourself to them
sometime to day and make them feel welcome here at our ranch.  Now lets all
eat this fine Thanksgiving dinner prepared by my wander wife.  Mike why
don't you show your family how we do things here."

Steve and I helped Kelly, Kate and Lori get there plates.  Maria had out
done herself and had an amazing Thanksgiving spread with all the fixings.
The boys followed us down the line filling their plates before we all found
a seat.  The boys sat at the table next to us so they had room for Eric and
David.  I noticed a new boy seemed to be staying close to Eric and David.
He seemed to be very quiet and shy.

Everyone got there fill of a great Thanksgiving dinner and several of the
ranch hands helped with the clean up.  After dinner the boys went with Eric
and David to the horse barn with a big bag of apples.  I guess the horses
were going to get a Thanksgiving treat.  Sean asked Kelly, Kate and Lori to
join them so they could show them the horses.  I noticed the new kid was a
few steps behind them as they walked towards the barn.

While they went to give the horses a nice treat, Steve and I sat out on the
porch with Jose and Maria.  I asked Jose about the new kid.  Jose said, "He
just started here last week.  His name is TJ, he is eighteen and just
started at the local community college.  Mr. Smith said his parents kicked
him out of their house when he told them that he was gay.  A friend of
Mr. Smith's found the him sleeping on the streets.  He is a very quiet boy
and don't talk very much.  I have a feeling he had a tough childhood."

We chatted a little more before Steve and I walked down to the barn.  When
we walked in the barn the Sean, Connor and Colby were busy telling Kelly
about each and every horse in the barn.  Kate and Lori didn't seem to be
that interested and headed back to the mess hall building to relax on the
porch and just enjoy the view while rocking in the rocking chairs.

We had a great Thanksgiving and really enjoyed spending it with family and
friends.  That night Jose invited everyone down to the the court yard where
he had built a nice campfire.  It had cooled off a little and it really
felt good to site around a fire enjoying each others company.  Around ten
most the adults were heading to bed leaving the younger kids to hang out
around the fire.

Steve and I walked Kelly, Kate and Lori back to the bunk house and said our
good nights.  I was a little surprised when they each gave me and Steve a
hug.  Steve and I went to our bunk house and got ready for bed.  I crawled
into bed first and Steve joined me a few minutes later.  Steve took his
usual position laying his head on my chest.  We chatted awhile before we
took advantage of being alone for awhile in the bunk house.  We made out
for quite awhile before moving on to some mutual oral action.  We both love
sucking each others cocks bringing each other right to the edge of orgasm
before backing off for a little bit.  I love the feeling of Steve's big
dick head sliding over my tongue and Steve love's the feeling of my tongue
swirling around his swollen cock head teasing him.

After we couldn't stand it any more we didn't stop the next time we got
close.  I exploded first pumping several shots of cum in to Steve's mouth
and just as I finished shooting Steve stated pumping his man juice into my
mouth.  We finished just in time as we laid there waiting for our breathing
to return to normal we heard the boys come in bunk house.  Steve turned
around so we could make out a little more as we heard the boys in the
bathroom getting ready for bed.

On the other side of the bunk house the boys were climbing into bed.
Connor in one bed with Colby and Sean in the other.  It had been a long day
so it didn't take long for Connor was sound asleep.  Sean and Coby had been
doing some making out waiting for Connor to fall asleep before Sean started
to make his way down Colby's torso, kissing his way down to Colby's raging
hard on.  Sean didn't waist any time and jumped right on Coby's dick going
to down and within just a few minutes Colby was shooting his boy cum down
Sean's throat.  Sean made his way back up to Colby's mouth sharing a little
bit of Colby's juice with him.  Colby pushed Sean down and dove straight
for Sean's dick.  It was Colby's turn to go to town on Sean's dick and a
few minutes later he was tasting Sean's cum as Sean shoot load after load
into his mouth.  They made out for just a few minutes more before turning
on their sides to cuddle as the both fell into a deep sleep.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 31)

Date: Fri, 19 Aug 2011 21:09:17 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 31

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

I don't think I moved all night long because I was in the same position
when I woke up the next morning.  Steve was still holding me in his arms.
I laid there as long as I could, just enjoying the feeling of being safe in
Steve's arms before my balder demanded on being emptied.

After I finished my business in the bathroom I went out and started the
coffee.  With the coffee brewing I went to Sean's bedroom to check on the
boys.  I found Sean cuddled up against the backside of Colby with his
broken arm in a cast draped over Colby's side in the bottom bunk and Aaron
was on the top bunk with Connor cuddled up against Arron.  They looked so
content and peaceful as I stood there watching them sleep for a couple of
minutes silently thanking God for bringing each of of them into my life.

*********** Chapter 31 ***********

We let the boys sleep in as Steve and I enjoyed our morning coffee sitting
out on the back porch talking mostly about how we should deal with Colby's
situation.  In the end we figured we would just deal with things as they
came up the best we could.  It wasn't long before all the boys were up and
making their way out to the kitchen table getting themselves breakfast.  It
wasn't Saturday so we were not making our normal big Saturday breakfast so
the boys were making themselves cereal and toast for breakfast.  Steve and
I took the day off since the boys didn't have school.  We figured we should
be there for Colby.

The boys had finished breakfast and were taking turns getting showered.  I
noticed that Colby was a little quiet but seemed to be dealing with the
situation pretty well.  Of course Sean never let him out of his site.  In
fact they both went into the bathroom together when it was Sean's turn for
the shower.

Sean had made up an excuse that he needed help taking a shower since his
arm was still in a cast.  Once they were in the bathroom Colby helped Sean
get undressed and then warm helped Sean cover his cast with the plastic bag
to keep the cast dry.  Once they were in the shower Colby hugged Sean and
whispered, "I'm so sorry that my dad did this to you.  I am so sorry."

Sean whispered back, "Colby it is not your fault and you have nothing to be
sorry for.  I know you had no idea about you dad or Brian.  I don't want to
hear anymore about you being sorry for something you had nothing to do
with.  I love you and I know you love me."  With that Sean kissed Colby as
they stood under the warm water from the shower.

They made out for several minutes in the shower before Colby helped wash
Sean.  They were both hard as a rock but they only gave each other a few
strokes before the water started going cold.  They quickly finished
showering and then got out.  Colby got out first and dried off before
helping Sean.  Sean was able to shower himself but when Colby was there he
made it seem like he needed help.

We spent most the morning hanging around the house.  Steve and I could tell
that the boys were getting restless as they started getting loud and
started chasing each other around the house.  As Aaron was chasing Connor
through the living room he looked over at me with a smile saying, "I think
its a good nice day to hit the lake.  What do you think?"  Of course he
said it loud enough for Aaron and Conner to hear as they flew through the
living room.

As soon as Connor hear the word lake he stopped dead in his tracks looking
over at Steve with a huge smile.  Steve said, "well you better tell the
rest of them and change into some swim trunks.  We are leaving in thirty
minutes."

An hour later we were on the lake headed to our favorite swimming spot.
Once there Connor, Aaron and Colby were diving off the boat and chasing
each other around the boat trying to dunk one another.  Of course Sean had
to stay on the boat with his arm in a cast.  Steve and I made sure one of
us stayed with him and the other boys made sure to try and include him in
some of the fun as he sat on the front of the boat with his feet in the
water.  We spent most the afternoon out on the lake playing in the water
and of course tubbing.  The boys love to tube.  Everyone seemed to be
having a great time and we had all forgotten about yesterday's events.

By the time we got home everyone was wore out.  Aaron helped me grill some
hamburgers on he grill while the others got all the fixings ready.  Aaron
seamed to want to ask me something but was having a hard time finding the
words.  I asked him if he was alright and then he just blurted out, "Mike
what is it like having sex with another guy.  I have been thinking about it
for awhile and I thought I would just ask you."

I looked over at Aaron who's face was beat red as I thought for a minute
before answering, "Well I'm not sure what you want to know.  I'm assuming
you want to know about anal sex.  Fist off you should be in a relationship
with someone you love and who is willing to take some time because there is
some preparation that you will need to go through before jumping right in
or it could be painful.  But as long as you take your time and use plenty
of lube it can feel amazing."

Just then Connor came out to see if we needed any help so our conversation
was cut a little short.  As we went back in with the hamburgers I reminded
Aaron that he could come to me or Steve with any questions he might have.

The rest of the evening we all hung out in the living room watching movies
on TV.  Colby and Sean were cuddled on the small couch while Steve was
laying on the larger couch with his head in my lap.  Aaron was sitting in
the chair while Connor was sitting on the floor leaning up against Aaron's
legs.  It was close to midnight when the second movie came to an end.
Connor was the first to head off to bed followed closely by the other
three.  Connor went to bed in his own room but I could almost guarantee
that he would be in bed with Aaron come morning.

Steve and I was the last to go to bed.  I was the first to climb in bed
while Steve finished up getting ready.  When Steve climbed in bed he took
his usual spot cuddled up next to my right side with his head lying on my
chest.  As Steve started caressing my chest and stomach, I told him what
Aaron had asked me earlier.  We figured that we would just make sure that
Aaron knew that he could come to either one of use with any questions he
might have and we would give him an honest answer.  We knew that Aaron had
a girlfriend but we both had noticed that ever since Sean had gotten beat
up he had been spending more and more time with Sean and Colby and not with
his girlfriend.

As we were talking Steve's caressing went lower and lower until he was
slowly stroking my rock hard dick.  Steve started to suck on my right
nipple before kissing his way down to my raging hard on.  I let out a very
load moan as I felt Steve's hot mouth engulf my cock.  Steve as so good at
giving head.  He knew exactly how to swirl his tongue around the head of my
dick to drive me crazy.  He would bring me so close the edge of orgasm
before backing off just in time to prevent me from cumming before he wanted
me to.  Once he had his fill on teasing me Steve straddled me and after
applying some lube to my dick he sat back impaling himself on my rock hard
dick.  Once I was all the way in Steve started a slow rocking motion with
his hips causing my dick to rub across his prostate with each stroke.
Steve was so hard his dick was pointing straight up towards the ceiling.

As Steve rocked back and forth on my dick I reached for Steve's dick and
started to stroke him in time with his rocking motion on my dick.  I didn't
need any lube because each time my dick ran across Steve's prostrate his
dick would leak more pre-cum.  It wasn't long before Steve was shooting all
over my chest, one shot even hitting me in the face.  Once Steve started
shooting he contracting of Steve's hole on my dick caused me to cum several
ropes of cum inside Steve.

As Steve leaned down so we could make out while we came down off our
orgasmic high I could have sworn I saw our bedroom door move and I noticed
the door wasn't shut all the way.  I really didn't give it too much thought
figuring Steve just forgot to shut it all the way when he came in the
bedroom.

Steve and I made out for a few minutes as my dick softened still inside
Steve.  Once I had become completely soft and I had slipped out of Steve,
Steve went to the bathroom to clean himself up and then brought out a warm
wash clothe to clean his cum off my chest and face.

When Steve took the wash cloth back to the bathroom I asked him to push our
door shut.  Steve said, "I know I shut it tight when I came in.  I hope one
of the boys didn't try to come in and see us."

Just as Steve shut our door Aaron was shutting the door to Sean and Colby's
room.  He couldn't sleep when he went to bed.  He was lying in the top bunk
with Sean and Colby in the bottom bunk.  They had both fallen a sleep
rather quickly after spending most the day out on the lake.  As Aaron was
lying in the bed thinking about what he had asked me earlier.  Aaron had
been thinking more and more about doing more with a guy.  He had shared
blow jobs with Sean and Colby but over the last several weeks he had been
playing with his hole while jacking off and found that he liked it and
figured he would ask me and Steve for some advise.

Aaron figured that since he couldn't sleep and all the other boys were
sound asleep it would be a good time to ask Steve and I for that advise.
Aaron got out of bed, slipped on his boxers and walked across the house to
our bedroom.  Just as Aaron was reaching for the door of our bedroom he
heard me moan and he froze outside our door listening.  Aaron could hear my
moans as Steve was sucking my dick which caused Aaron to go rock hard
outside our door.  Aaron stood there listening to us as his hand
instinctively went to his hard dick stroking it slowly inside his boxers.
Aaron couldn't resist opening the door to take a peek and what he saw just
about made him blow his load all over the carpet outside our door.

Aaron opened the door just enough to peek inside and watched as Steve was
straddling me, guiding my ragging hard on to his hole.  Aaron had pushed
his boxers down and was stroking his cock as he watched my dick disappear
inside Steve's ass. Aaron couldn't take his eyes off my dick as it slid in
and out of Steve as Steve rode my dick.  Just as Steve was blowing all over
my chest, Aaron grabbed his boxers off the floor in front of him and
covered the end of his dick as his knees became weak as he blew his load
into the boxers.  Aaron couldn't see Steve blowing all over my chest but he
was envisioning it in his mind with every burst of cum shooting out of his
cock.  Aaron continued to watch us make out as he came down off his
orgasmic high and the strength returned to legs before he walked back to
Sean and Colby's room.  Just as Aaron was climbing back into the top bunk
he realized he had forgot to close the door to our room. Aaron climbed back
down and was walking back to our room to shut the door when he heard Steve
closes to the door and tell me that he hopped one of the boys had not
opened the door and saw us making love.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 32)

Date: Wed, 3 Aug 2011 08:58:24 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 30

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Det Smith continued, "There was someone else involved.  Not in the actual
assault but was behind Brain's motivation.  That is why I called you down
here.  I was actually on the phone with Mrs. Johnston from CPS when you
walked in.  We are going to need her when we go to pick up the other person
involved.  I'm just waiting for a call back from the judge's office so I
can pick up the signed arrest warrant."

I just stared at Det. Smith in puzzlement not sure why Mrs. Johnston from
CPS would need to be there as we picked up this other person.  I was
totally confused at the moment.

********** Chapter 30 **********

Det. Smith began to explain, "After Brian broke down he told me something
that threw me for a loop.  After I interviewed Brain I knew in my gut that
he was the one that beat Sean but I could not figure out what his motive
was for such a brutal beating.  He has never been in any trouble with the
law or the school.  It just didn't fit.  While I was talking with him at
his parents house Brian slipped saying he made me do it.  At first I
thought ok this kid has some kind of voice in his head telling him brutally
beat Sean.  Mike, it was Colby's dad Dennis that got Brian to beat up Sean.
Dennis actually contacted Brain and with an offer of cash he convinced
Brain into attaching Sean.  Dennis even helped Brain plan the whole
attach."

I just sat there in total disbelief.  I couldn't believe it.  I knew Dennis
didn't approve of Colby's and Sean's relationship and was having a hard
time coming to terms with his only child being gay but I had no idea that
he would be involved in a plot to hurt Sean.

Det. Smith let all this information sink in for a moment before continuing,
"Once I get the phone call from the judge's office I will call
Mrs. Johnston and ask her to meet you and me at Colby's house.  She's doing
up the paperwork for Colby's removal now.  I told her you and Steve would
be happy to have Colby back.  I hope I'm right."  I just grunted a yes
since I was still having a hard time believing what he was telling me.

Det. Smith laughed a little, "I know this is a lot to take in right now.
This Dennis thing has me scratching my head as well.  After talking with
Ms. Johnston she seemed to think that Dennis's wife will not take this well
and may not be able to properly care for Colby so she believes it is in
Colby's best interest to be removed from the house until the trial is over.
Of course Dennis will post bond and will be back at the house in a day or
two and that would not be a good environment for Colby to be in at all."

I didn't have time to call Steve to let him know what was going on.  Things
were just moving too fast.  I text him telling him I was stuck at work and
would be home late.  Once Det. Smith got the phone call from the judge's
office we started for Colby's house.  We met up with Ms. Johnston outside
before we went up to the house.  Det. Smith had a marked patrol unit meet
us there to transport Dennis to the PD after he arrested him.  Once we had
Dennis out of the house Ms. Johnston would serve Colby's mom with the
removal papers and then I could take Colby back to our house.

I didn't think I should be the one standing there with Det. Smith when he
arrested Dennis so I hung back with Ms. Johnston while Det. Smith and the
patrol officer went to the door.  Colby's mom was the one that answered the
door.  Det. Smith introduced himself and the patrol officer and asked if he
could speak with Dennis.  Colby's mom invited them both inside.

Colby' mom walked them into the living room where Dennis was sitting.  I
stood just outside with Ms. Johnston and noticed the light was on in
Colby's bed room and was just hoping that he was there in his bedroom.
Det. Smith introduced himself to Dennis and had Dennis verify his full name
for him.  Dennis asked what the hell was going on.  Det. Smith said in a
very calm voice, "Dennis I need you to stand up, turn around and place your
hands behind your back.  I have a warrant for your arrest."

Dennis looked dump founded for a moment but stood up saying, "Wait just one
damn minute, I don't understand what the hell is going on here.  How can
you have a warrant for my arrest?"

Det. Smith repeated his request, "I need you to turn around and place your
hands behind your back.  I have a warrant for your arrest for being an
accessory to the assault on Sean Crispin."  Dennis's face went white
realizing he had been found out. Dennis looked over at Linda who was just
standing their in shock watching her husband being arrested.  Dennis said,
"Linda call our lawyer and tell him to get his ass down to the police
station.  You understand?"

Colby's mom started to get angry and then started to cry, sitting down in a
nearby chair.  Dennis turned around and placed his hands behind his back.
The patrol officer placed him in handcuffs and escorted him out of the
house.  Colby walked out of his room just in time to see his father being
escorted out of the house in handcuffs.  Colby's mom just kept repeating
she didn't understand what was going on.  Colby stood in the hallway
looking into the living room as Det. Smith tried to explain to Linda what
was going on.

Ms. Johnston and I walked into the house as Det. Smith started to explain
what was going on to Colby's mom.  Colby saw me and just looked at me with
a questioning look on his face.  I walked over to him and gave him a huge
not saying a word.  I knew he was listening to the explanation of what was
going on from Det. Smith.  When Colby heard Det. Smith say that hey had
evidence that his own father had a part in Sean's assault I felt Colby's
body start to shake.  I hugged him a little tighter and leaned down to
whisper that everything is going to be alright.  Colby was trying to hold
it together but he was having a hard time doing so.

Det. Smith finished explaining the situation to Linda who was obviously in
shock and was having a hard time understanding what had just happened.
After Det. Smith finished Ms. Johnston explained that Colby was going to be
removed from the house and would be staying with me for the foreseeable
future.  Linda just sat there in a daze.

I took Colby back to his room and helped him pack his stuff.  Before going
back out to the living room I started explaining to Colby, "Det. Smith
interviewed Brian and found out that your dad contacted Brian and convinced
him to attack Sean in an attempt to break up your relationship.
Ms. Johnston does not think it would be a good idea for you to stay here
and wants you to come stay with us."

 I walked Colby out to the living room where he gave his mom a hug and told
her he would call her the following day.  Ms. Johnston had called a friend
of Linda's to come over to stay with her for awhile since she seemed to be
in total shock.  Colby and I walked out to my patrol unit and headed home.

When we walked in the house Steve and Sean were sitting at the breakfast
bar talking while Aaron was helping Connor with his home work at the
kitchen table.  They were a little surprised to see Colby walk in with me
and they all noticed the bag in Colby's hand.  Colby set the bag down and
walked over to Sean.  Sean knew some thing was wrong and he jumped down off
his chair taking Colby in his arms.  Everyone else was silent just looking
at Sean and Colby and then to me all with questioning looks on their faces.

As Sean held Colby I started to explain what had happened earlier today,
"Det. Smith called me today and told me that he interviewed Brain again
last night.  Brian has been arrested for assaulting Sean.  Det. Smith also
told me that Brian confessed to being paid to beat up Sean."

Aaron had gotten up from the kitchen table and was walking over to Sean and
Colby as he asked, "Who would have paid Brain to beat up Sean, and why?"

I was standing right next to Sean and Colby and put my hand on Colby's
shoulder as I answered, "It was Colby's dad that paid Brian to attack Sean
in an attempt to break up their relationship.  Det. Smith just arrested
Colby's dad and Ms. Johnston believed it would be best if Colby lived with
us for the foreseeable future.  At least until Cobly's dads trial is over."

Aaron moved over to Colby and Sean an put his arms around both boys.  As
Aaron was hugging the both of them, Colby just kept repeating, "I'm sorry,
I'm sorry Sean, I'm sorry."  Sean pulled Colby's head up so he could look
him in the eyes.  "Sean it is not your fault.  You don't have anything to
be sorry for.  Come on lets put your stuff back in our room."  Aaron
reached down and picked up one of Colby's bags, Connor grabbed the other
one and all four walked to Sean and now Colby's bedroom.

Steve got up and gave me a hug saying, "Go get out of that uniform and get
a shower.  I'll make sure the boys are settled and then be in."

Steve looked in on the boys to see if they needed anything.  Steve told
Aaron he was welcome to stay if he wanted to.  The boys didn't have school
the next day so we didn't have to worry about getting them up for school.
Aaron and Connor were putting Colby's clothes away for him as Sean and
Colby were cuddling on the bed.  Steve told them we were going to bed and
told them we would see them in the morning.

When Steve got back to our bedroom I was already showered and in bed.
Steve got ready and crawled into bed with me.  Normally Steve would lay his
head on my chest as we cuddled each night but tonight Steve pulled me over
to him knowing it had been a hard day for me.  Nothing was said, I just
laid my head down on his chest and enjoyed the feel of Steve's arms holding
me.  It didn't take very long for me to fall sound asleep in my lovers
arms.

I don't think I moved all night long because I was in the same position
when I woke up the next morning.  Steve was still holding me in his arms.
I laid there as long as I could, just enjoying the feeling of being safe in
Steve's arms before my balder demanded on being emptied.

After I finished my business in the bathroom I went out and started the
coffee.  With the coffee brewing I went to Sean's bedroom to check on the
boys.  I found Sean cuddled up against the backside of Colby with his
broken arm in a cast draped over Colby's side in the bottom bunk and Aaron
was on the top bunk with Connor cuddled up against Arron.  They looked so
content and peaceful as I stood there watching them sleep for a couple of
minutes silently thanking God for bringing each of of them into my life.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 33)

Date: Wed, 20 Jul 2011 14:42:39 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 29

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
Without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Big
thanks to Kyle for his editing services.

Sorry this chapter took so long to get posted.  As I mentioned before I was
on two weeks' vacation and then the computer crashed on me.  Still in the
process of transferring some of the data so please be patient.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

The cop in me jumped in, saying, "We don't know that for a fact.  All we
know is that he wears the same cologne as the person that hurt Sean.  It is
something we need to tell the investigator though.  I'll call him
tomorrow."

Steve looked at Sean and asked, "Have you ever had any run ins with this
Brian before?"

Sean looked down at the floor before he said, "A few weeks before I got
beat up I ran into Brian in the hall.  He pushed me up against the wall.
Then I was in shower alone at school when Brain came in.  I noticed his hot
body and that made me get hard and he saw it.  He started calling me a fag
and pushed me down as he left.  After that, every time I saw him, he and
the guys that he hangs out with started to push me around in the hallways.
I just tried to avoid them as much as I could."

Steve looked over at me before looking into Sean's eyes, "Is that why you
were so quiet and down a few weeks ago?"

Sean just nodded yes.

Steve asked, "OK well I'm taking you to school tomorrow and I will have a
talk with the Assistant Principle to see what we can do about this Brian
kid."

***********
Chapter 29
***********

The next day, Steve called his boss and told him he would be late for work.
Aaron picked up the boys as usual, and Steve told them to meet him at the
office after they finished with their morning workout.

Aaron and Colby were allowed to wait while Steve and Sean went in to talk
with the assistant principal.  After they came out, Steve let Aaron and
Colby know that the assistant principle had rearranged Sean's schedule to
make sure that either Colby or Aaron were in every class with Sean so he
would never be alone.

I made a phone call to the detective that was investigating Sean's case and
told him about what had happened.  The detective said he would see if he
could track down Brain at school later that day to have a talk with.  We
both knew it was a long shot but was hoping something would come of it.

Aaron and Colby made sure that one of them were with Sean at all times.
Aaron did notice that Brian would glare at Sean whenever they would pass in
the hallway.  I took all of Aaron's self-control to keep from jumping Brian
right in the hallway and pounding his ass.  Aaron knew that Brian had
something to do with Sean's attack.

That afternoon Detective Smith arrived at the high school to meet with
Brian.  He had already spoken by phone to the principal and the school
officer and had made arrangements to use an office to interview Brian.

When Detective Smith walked in the office, Brian was sitting just outside
the assistant principal's office.  After speaking with the Assistant
Principal, Detective Smith asked Brian to come in.

After Brian sat down in the chair, Detective Smith introduced
himself. "Brian, I'm Detective Smith with the Killeen Police department.
I'm investigating the assault on Sean Crispin.  Are you willing to talk
with me?"

Brain looked a little scared as he said, "I really don't know much about
what happened, just what I have heard around school."

Det. Smith said, "Not a problem, I am just interviewing some of the kids
that schedules would have had them in the area of the assault."

Brian said, "Sure, I'll tell you all I know."

Det. Smith smiled as he pulled out a small tape recorder from his brief
case, "Good, it won't take long.  Since you are a minor I have to record
this interview."  After starting the recorder, Det. Smith began his
interview.  "This is the interview with Brain Walters. It is Thursday, the
15th of September, at about 1:35pm.  In the room is Brian Walters,
Assistant Principle Jones, and Detective Smith from the Killeen Police
Department.  Brain, were you at school the day of the assault on Sean
Crispin?

"Yeah."

"I understand that your four period class is in the annex, correct?"

"Yeah."

"Do you know the short cut that some students use on the back side of the
gym?"

"Yeah."

"Do you us that short cut?"

"Sometimes"

"Do you know Sean Crispin?"

"Yeah, I know who he is.  I'm not friends with him, he's gay."

"How do you know he is gay?"

Brian told Det. Smith about how Sean got hard while they were in the locker
room shower.  Det. Smith asked to look at Brain's shoes and noted they were
the same pattern as what they found in the area where the assault had taken
place, along with the foot print left on Sean's shirt.  Det. Smith had a
feeling that Brian was the person that assaulted Sean, but needed to find a
way to prove it.

Det. Smith spent next twenty minutes asking several more questions before
letting Brian leave.  Just before Brian walked out the door, Det. Smith
asked, "Hey Brian, what is that cologne you are wearing?"

Brian looked back at Det. Smith with a questioning look, "It's one of the
Axe scents, why?"

Det. Smith smiled and said, "Oh I just like how it smells.  Thanks again
for talking with me."  Det. Smith pushed the stop button on his tape
recorder with a smile on his face.  He knew he had his man.  Now he just
needed to prove it.  On his way back to the PD, Det. Smith called me and
briefed me on what he had learned.  He was sure that Brain assaulted Sean,
but could not prove it yet.  Det. Smith told me he was planning to stop at
Brain's house when his parents were home later that night.

Aaron dropped Colby off at his house on the way home.  Colby's dad was
beginning to make a big deal of Colby spending a lot of time over at our
house.  I don't think he was as OK with Colby's relationship with Sean as
he let on.  I noticed the last time we were all together, Colby's dad would
just stare at Sean with a look of disgust.

When Aaron and Sean arrived at the house, I invited Aaron to stay for
dinner.  Sean jumped in to help with dinner as Aaron volunteered to help
Conner with his home work.  Conner loved the attention.  It was a big deal
for a middle school kid to be friends with a high school kid, and even a
bigger deal when the friend was a senior in high school.

Steve arrived home just as dinner was ready.  Once he was changed, we all
sat down for a nice meal together.  I got the feeling that Aaron misses
these types of family meals at home.  He had mentioned that his parents are
separated and they both work a lot so he misses out on family dinners.  The
only thing missing from our table was Colby, and I could tell by Sean's
mood that he was missing his boyfriend.

I think Connor was a little excited about having Aaron sitting next to him
at the table.  Connor was going on and on about every little detail of his
day.  I noticed the whole time he was talking, he was looking straight at
Aaron.  Steve finally got a word in to ask Sean if he had any problems with
Brian at school today.  Sean said that he only saw Brain once today in the
hall while he and Colby walked to their science class.  Sean said Brain
stared at him, but didn't say or do anything.  "I think Colby noticed
Brian, and put his hand on my shoulder to make sure that he was in between
Brain and me.  I got a little nervous, but I was able to hold it together."

After dinner Aaron helped Connor clear the table and after playing a video
game with Sean and Connor, Aaron came out saying he was headed home.  I
walked Aaron out to his Jeep and before he got in, I gave him a big
hug. "You know you're always welcome here at our house for dinner and I
just wanted to tell you thank you for keeping an eye on Sean at school."

Aaron held on to the hug longer than I expected before letting go and
saying, "Thanks Mike, you guys are great and I really like the boys, Colby
included.  I'm not sure how things are going to work out at home, but it's
nice to know I can always come over here."

I put my hand on his shoulder and gave a reassuring squeeze, "You're always
welcome here bud."  With that, Aaron climbed in his Jeep and backed out the
drive, waving as he drove off.

Sean and Connor were both in bed by ten and Sean and I were right behind
them.  I was already in bed as Steve climbed in, cuddling right up to my
side, laying his head on my chest.  As soon as his head hit my chest, Steve
started lightly running his fingers up and down my torso stopping to
stimulate my nipple every now and then.  Steve knew this would get me hard
as a rock in no time and started his decent down to my raging hard on.
Before long, Steve had worked his way down and was lying between my legs,
sucking on my dick.  After working on my dick for a little while, Steve
moved down to my balls, sucking each one in his mouth one at a time.  Then
he surprised me as he kept going lower.  Steve was not much into being
rimmed, but tonight he was inching his way down to my hole.

Steve grabbed my legs behind my knees and pushed them up to give him better
access to my hole.  I let out a loud moan that I am sure woke the boys as
Steve's tongue made contact with my quivering hole.  Steve sent shivers up
and down my body as he licked across my hole, trying to work his tongue
inside me.  After several minutes of rimming, Steve crawled back up and we
began making out for a minute.  Steve pulled back and looked me in the
eyes, "I want to fuck you tonight."

I pulled him back to me as I wrapped my legs around him, giving him full
access to my ass.  Steve reached over to the night stand and got some lube.
Even with the great rim job he gave me, he knew I was going to need to be
well lubed since I'm normally the top in our relationship.  Steve first
worked a lubed finger in my hole to loosen me up before moving in with his
rock hard dick.  I felt Steve's cock head make contact with my hole.  I
pulled my legs up further, and pushed out a little as Steve pushed in.
Steve's large cock head pushed its way inside me, causing me to tense up
for a moment.  Steve held still for a moment until the pain subsided and I
signaled him to continue.  Steve leaned forward so we could make out as he
slowly began to make love to me.  After just a couple of minutes, the pain
was gone and the enjoyment began.  Steve sped up once my pain subsided and
I began to feel his dick rub across my swollen prostrate causing my already
rock hard dick to become even harder.  When leaned down so we could make
out, he pumped his dick in an out of my hole.  He worked his way over to my
right ear, moaning and whispering how amazing it felt and that he wasn't
going to last very long.  Then he stuck his tongue in my ear, knowing it
would cause me to fall over the edge that he had me on for the last few
minutes of his love making.  Just as I started to explode all over the two
of us, Steve announced he was cuming as well.  I could feel Steve's dick
throbbing inside me as he pumped me full of his man seed.

I didn't want us to ever come down off that orgasmic high, but after a few
minutes I could feel Steve's dick soften and slowly slide out of me.  We
continued to make out for several minutes before Steve rolled off me.
Steve took my hand and helped me up off the bed, leading me to the shower
by my hand.  Steve had to let go of my hand to start the shower, but took
hold of my hand as we both stepped inside.  Steve soaped up a wash rag and
began washing the cum off my stomach and chest.  He turned me around and
washed my back, then worked his way down to my ass, spending time to wash
away all the lube.

After Steve was done washing me, I spent several minutes washing his
super-hot body, taking extra time on his cock.  Once we were both
completely clean, we dried each other off and walked hand in hand back to
our bed.  Again Steve lied down with his head on my chest and we both
quickly falling asleep.

The next morning everyone was back to our normal schedule.  I was up and
headed out to work just before Steve left for his Physical Training.  Aaron
stopped to pick up Sean before pick up Colby for their morning swim work
out.  Connor was the last to leave each morning since he could walk to
school.  Connor always stopped at Hunter's house to pick him up on the way
so they could walk together.  I am so happy the both Sean and Connor were
able to find such good friends so close to our house.

Towards the late morning, I got a phone call from Det. Smith.  He asked if
I would be able to meet with him some time.  He wouldn't tell me what he
needed to speak with me about, but I knew it would have something to do
with Sean's case.  I told him I would come in off patrol a little early and
stop by his office.  I had a hard time concentrating the rest of the day as
my mind played out several different possibilities.

Det. Smith was on the phone when I walked into his office.  He motioned for
me to take a seat in the chair next to his desk.  Det. Smith finished his
phone conversation and then looked over at me with a serious demeanor,
saying, "We had a big break through on Sean's case last night.  I think I
told you that I had planed on dropping in on Brian when he was home with
his parents.  Well, last night and after confronting Brian in front of his
parents with some of the evidence we have, he finally broke down and
admitted to beating up Sean.  I got a complaint back from the DA this
morning and have contacted Brain's parents, who are going to bring Brian
down to the jail after school today.  Since Brain is seventeen he will be
charged as an adult."

I looked at him in disbelief at first, "Really, wow, that is some great
detective work.  Did he say why he beat up Sean?"

Det. Smith said, "Well that is why I wanted to talk with you.  Brian did
mention that he saw Sean get an erection in the shower while they were at
school and that freaked him out.  But I don't think that was the main
motive behind his attach."

I just said, "I don't understand."

Det Smith continued, "There was someone else involved.  Not in the actual
assault but was behind Brain's motivation.  That is why I called you down
here.  I was actually on the phone with Mrs. Johnston from CPS when you
walked in.  We are going to need her when we go to pick up the other person
involved.  I'm just waiting for a call back from the judge's office so I
can pick up the signed arrest warrant."

I just stared at Det. Smith in puzzlement not sure why Mrs. Johnston from
CPS would need to be there as we picked up this other person.  I was
totally confused at the moment.


Thanks for reading and please let me know what you think.  Please email me
with any comments.

Mike

---

Untitled (Chapter 34)

Date: Tue, 14 Jun 2011 23:41:21 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 28

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Big
thanks to Kyle for his editing services.

Chapter 29 will be delayed.  I am going on vacation for two weeks.  Doing
some hiking in the mountains of New Mexico and will not be writing.  I
promise there are several more chapters in the works

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

After Colby finished cleaning Aaron up and throwing the wash cloth in
Sean's dirty clothes hamper, he climbed back into bed with Aaron and Sean,
pulling the sheet over the three of them.  Sean was lying with his head
resting on Aaron's left shoulder and chest, so Colby took Aaron's right
shoulder and chest for a pillow.  Colby reached down and found Sean's hand
resting on Aaron's mid section.  Colby took hold of Sean's hand,
interlacing his fingers with Sean's before saying a quiet good night.
Nothing else was said between the boys and just a few moments later, all
three were sound asleep.

Over in the next room Hunter and Connor were lying in bed next to each
other, both stroking their hard thirteen year old dicks as they were
sharing a Hustler magazine Hunter had swiped from his older brothers room.
Of course all the moaning coming from the other bedroom made the two of
them even more horny and hard.  Hunter said, "Wow, it sounds like they the
three of them had a lot of fun.  All that moaning made he even harder."
Connor just grunted in agreement as he started shooting his watery cum over
his stomach.  Seeing Connor shot caused Hunter to do the same.  Both boys
still didn't cum very much and both their loads were still a little watery,
but they both felt very proud that they could even shoot.

Connor reached over and found a dirty t-shirt lying on the floor to use to
clean up himself before passing it to Hunter.  After they both cleaned up,
Connor pulled the sheet up over the two of them and before long, they too
were sound asleep.


*********
Chapter 28
*********

The next morning, Steve and I woke up early and sat out on the back patio
to enjoy some quiet time alone with our morning coffee.  Before going
outside, I had peeked in the boy's bedrooms and had to smile at what I saw.
In Sean's room, all three boys were spooning one another; with Aaron in the
middle spooning Colby, and Sean spooning Aaron with his broken arm draped
over both Aaron and Colby.  In Connor's room, they were lying back to back
but were just as cute.

Soon enough the quiet Steve and I were enjoying came to an end.  Before we
knew it, there were five hungry boys sitting at the kitchen table in just
their boxers waiting to be fed.  When we came back in all five were sitting
around the table arguing about what they wanted for breakfast and who was
going to fix it.

I opened the refrigerator and pulled out two pounds of bacon and started
frying it.  That settled the argument for the boys.  Aaron got up and asked
if he could help, so I had him get two dozen eggs out and start cracking
them.  Since Colby has been pretty much been our third son for the last
several months, he knew exactly what else needed to be done to speed up the
process.  He went to the refrigerator getting an onion, some peppers, and
some ham, sat down at the table, and started chopping it all up.  Plain
scrambled eggs were just not good enough any more.  Before long, and with
the help of Aaron and Colby, we had everything ready, and we all sat down
at the table in nothing but our boxers and enjoyed a nice breakfast. Got to
love a guy only house.

The rest of the weekend we spend lounging around the house.  Since Sean was
still on the mend, he couldn't do much.  The boys wanted to go out to the
lake and do some boating, but with Sean's broken rips still sore, we
figured it would be to much. So, they settled for hanging out at home
playing video games and watching movies.

When Monday rolled around, it was back to school and work.  Aaron stopped
to pick up the boys for school.  They were still going in before school for
extra swim practice.  Of course, Sean was out for the rest of the season
but Colby and Aaron would get in a good workout before school.  They would
then take a quick shower before grabbing some breakfast in the cafeteria
before class.  And of course, with Sean's arm in a cast he needed a little
help getting showered and Aaron and Colby were more than willing to help.

That first day back at school, Sean was over whelmed by all the attention
he was getting.  It seemed like everyone was coming up asking him how he
was doing and if he needed any help.  Many people he had never talked to
before were coming up to Sean and asking him what had happened and if there
was any news on who had beat him up.  It seemed the whole school knew of
what happened to Sean. Colby and Aaron made sure one of them was with Sean
at all times.  They knew that the person or persons that had beat Sean was
still out there, so they made sure that one of them was with Sean at all
times.

The only class that Sean and Colby didn't have together was the one that he
left before getting beat up, however Aaron had a class just down the hall
for Sean's.  Aaron met up with Sean and Colby near their locker that they
shared so he could walk with Sean to his class. Before Aaron and Sean went
to their separate classes, Aaron told Sean, "Make sure you wait for me
before heading back to the main building, ok?"

Sean just smiled at Aaron saying, "I will, don't worry."  Sean went into
his classroom as Aaron stood there watching making sure nothing happened.
As the class was about to end Sean could feel himself becoming uneasy and a
little nervous but he knew Aaron would be waiting for him out in the
hallway when the class was over.

As Aaron and Sean left the class they took the hallway back to the main
building instead of taking the short cut they used to use.  As they left
Sean's classroom, Aaron noticed a small group of guys from the football
team standing at the end of the hallway near the door that led out to the
short cut.  Aaron new most of the guys by name, since they were all seniors
as he was.  Aaron noticed that they all seemed to be starring at him and
Sean.  Aaron became a little uneasy when his eyes focused on Brian, a
senior running back on the football team.  For what ever reason, Aaron
could feel the hateful stare of Brian as he stared at Sean.  Aaron watched
Brain and his friends as he and Sean started to walk towards the main
hallway.  Just as they were about to turn the corner into the main hallway,
Brian and Aaron's eyes met.  Aaron couldn't help but feel there was
something up with Brian but didn't have any idea what it was.

While they were walking back to the main building Aaron asked Sean, "Hey do
you know Brian, the running back on the football team?"

Sean looked at Aaron and said, "Yeah, I know who he is but really don't
know him personally.  I don't think he likes me, every time I see him in
the locker room he just gives me a dirty look and tells me to get lost so I
just try and stay away from him. Why?"

Aaron said, "No real reason, I saw him and a bunch of other guys from the
football team standing in the hallway and thought you might have a class
with him."

Aaron quickly changed the subject as the walked back to the main building
to meet up with Colby.  The three of them talked for a few seconds before
heading off to their last class of the day.  As usual, all three met up and
walked to the pool for swim practice after they finished up their last
class of the day.  Sean sat there watching as Colby and Aaron changed into
their practice suites.  He started to chub up a little as he watched them
pull the tight suites over their hips and then adjust their dicks.  Since
Sean couldn't swim with his arm in a cast, the coach had him help with
other things for the team.

After practice was over, Colby and Aaron started working on their turns and
starts as the rest of the team went to the locker room.  Most of the team
just dried off and changed into some sweats so they could get home as soon
as they could.  By the time Colby and Aaron were finished and headed to the
locker room everyone was already gone, leaving just the three of them.
Aaron and Colby went into the shower while Sean sat on a table near the
door of the locker room working on some homework.  He was still trying to
catch up since he was out of school for over a week while he was in the
hospital.

As Sean was sitting there Brian from the football team walking into the
locker room.  As he came in the door Sean looked up and saw Brain glaring
at him.  Brian had just finished working out in the weight room, wearing
his work out clothes of a sleeveless t-shirt and basketball shorts.  His
skin was glistening with sweat.  Brian looked at Sean with hate in his eyes
and said, "What are you looking at fag?" as he kept walking towards the
back of the locker room.

Sean didn't say anything back and went back to his home work that he was
working on.  Aaron and Colby had finished showering walking to their
lockers to dry off and change.  As Aaron was drying off, he saw Brian walk
back towards the exit door of the locker room.  Just as Brian was about to
reach the table where Sean was sitting, Sean jumped off the table running
right into Brian.  Brain was much bigger than Sean and almost knocked Sean
over when they collided.  Brain growled, "Watch where you're going punk!"
and continued out the door.  When they collided Sean could smell the
cologne that Brain was wearing.  Brian hadn't showered and had just put on
a punch of cologne to cover his body odor after his workout.  Sean fell
back against the wall and just stared at Brain, frozen in fear.  The
cologne- it was the same cologne he remembered from being beat and when the
smell registered with Sean's brain, his body just froze with fear.  Sean
couldn't move; he couldn't do anything.  The smell had triggered the awful
memory of being beat up.  Sean's brain was reliving every blow, every
punch, again, all in slow motion. His body was frozen, standing there
shaking with fear.  He lost all control of his body and he felt the warm
urine running down his leg forming a puddle on the floor.  Sean was pissing
himself, but was powerless to stop.  He just stood there shaking, staring
straight ahead.

When Aaron heard Brain yell at Sean, he started towards the end of the
lockers to check on Sean.  When he turned the corner, he saw Sean leaning
against the wall, his eyes wide open staring straight ahead, shaking as a
wet spot was forming in the front of Sean's pants.

Aaron knew something was wrong and ran towards Sean, yelling, "Sean, are
you OK!  Sean!  Sean!"  Colby heard Aaron shout and ran out to see Aaron
grab Sean as he slid down the wall.  Colby ran to his boyfriend not sure
what had happened.  Sean just sat there in his own urine, not speaking a
word.  He just stared straight ahead, shaking.

Aaron knew something had triggered this and looked out in the hallway to
see if he could see anyone, but didn't see anything.  Aaron came back in to
the locker room, "Colby, help me get him over to the bench.  You have some
extra shorts in your locker?"

Colby ran back to his locker as Aaron took Sean's shoes off.  Sean was no
help; he was in shock, and just stared at Aaron as he asked him questions.
Aaron helped Sean stand while Colby took off his wet paints and slipped on
the dry shorts.  After they had Sean in dry clothes, they threw on their
clothes and then helped Sean out to Aaron's jeep.

Once they were on their way home, Colby called Steve and told him what had
happened and that they were on their way home.  Sean started to come around
a little during the drive home.  Steve and I were waiting for the boys in
the driveway when they drove up.  When Steve opened Sean's door Sean looked
at his dad and started crying uncontrollable.  Steve helped Sean out of the
jeep pulling Sean into a big hug. As Steve tried to calm Sean, Aaron tried
to explain to me what had happened.

With Sean still in Steve's arms we all walked into the house.  Steve and
Sean sat down on the couch with Colby on the other side.  Aaron explained
everything that he knew happened in the locker room, but was unsure what
exactly triggered this panic attack.

After several minutes, Sean had calmed down and was able to answer some of
our questions. Sean said, "I remembered something about when I got beat up.
I remembered after I got hit and was blacking out, I smelled a smell that I
knew.  It was a cologne that someone uses at school.  I smelled that same
cologne today in the locker room and I just froze, I couldn't move, I was
afraid I was going to get hurt again."

As soon as Sean finished, Aaron said, "Brian.  Brian from the football team
was the only other guy in the locker room.  I heard him yell at Sean when
he walked out.  I also saw him starting at Sean the other day."

Steve asked Sean, "Did you and this Brian get into it today?"

Sean looked at his dad, "I jumped down off the table and ran into him by
accident when he was leaving.  That is when I smelled the same cologne I
smelled that day."

Colby said, "It must have been Brain that beat you up that day."

The cop in me jumped in, saying, "We don't know that for a fact.  All we
know is that he wears the same cologne as the person that hurt Sean.  It is
something we need to tell the investigator though.  I'll call him
tomorrow."

Steve looked at Sean and asked, "Have you ever had any run ins with this
Brian before?"

Sean looked down at the floor before he said, "A few weeks before I got
beat up I ran into Brian in the hall.  He pushed me up against the wall.
Then I was in shower alone at school when Brain came in.  I noticed his hot
body and that made me get hard and he saw it.  He started calling me a fag
and pushed me down as he left.  After that, every time I saw him, he and
the guys that he hangs out with started to push me around in the hallways.
I just tried to avoid them as much as I could."

Steve looked over at me before looking into Sean's eyes, "Is that why you
were so quiet and down a few weeks ago?"

Sean just nodded yes.

Steve asked, "OK well I'm taking you to school tomorrow and I will have a
talk with the Assistant Principle to see what we can do about this Brian
kid."

---

Untitled (Chapter 35)

Date: Fri, 27 May 2011 07:16:55 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 27

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Big
thanks to Jim T and Kyle for their editing services.  Sorry this chapter
has taken so long to get out.  I have been very busy with other things and
have not had time to write.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Aaron handed the wash cloth to Colby who used it to clean his boyfriend's
dick of the amazing amount of cum and then went into the bathroom to wash
his hands.  When Colby came back out Sean was telling Aaron how amazing it
felt and how relieved he felt.  Moments later Steve and Connor and I got
back with the food.  Steve noticed that Sean looked a little flushed and
asked Sean if he was fine.  Sean just smiled and looked at Colby and Aaron
with a smile before telling his dad that he felt great.

Just after we finished our food the doctor came with Sean's discharge
paperwork asking Sean if he was ready to go home.  The doctor gave Sean a
once over before giving Sean some instructions on what he could do and not
do.  The doc gave Sean the all clear to head back to school on Monday if he
thought he was ready.

An hour later we were all back at the house.  Colby and Aaron took care of
getting Sean settled in for the night before Aaron drove Colby home and
then went home himself. Connor asked if he could sleep in Sean's top bunk
incase Sean needed something during the night.  Steve told Connor he could
sleep in Sean's room as long as he wanted and as long as it was ok with
Sean.  That night was the first night in many that Steve and I slept in the
same bed.  It felt so good having Steve back in my arms.  It feels so right
with him lying next to me with his head on my chest, his fingers slowly
playing with my treasure trail.  We didn't make love that night but we did
enjoy being in one another's arms again.

***********
Chapter 27
***********

After stopping at Colby's house to pick him up Thursday morning, Aaron
stopped by to check on Sean and to give Connor a ride to school.  Steve and
I both had to work, but I was able to stop by to check in on Sean from time
to time during the day.  After school, Aaron and Colby stopped to pick up
Connor and Hunter up at the middle school before coming home.  Of course,
word had gotten around the high school that Sean was home, so we had
friends of his stopping by all night long, so we had a full house most of
the night.

Friday was a repeat of Thursday- with the boys home with a lot of visitors-
except Aaron, Colby, and Hunter were all staying over night.  Sean was
getting more care than he really needed, and he was eating it all up.  By
ten o'clock, all Sean's visitors had left and it was just the five boys
along with Steve and me.

Steve told the boys it was time to get ready for bed since we were headed
to bed also.  It had been a long week, and we were all really tired.  Steve
grabbed me by the hand, leading me into our bed room.  Once behind closed
doors, Steve pulled me into a very passionate kiss, driving his tongue into
my mouth.  After a few minutes of some hard making out, Steve pulled back
looking me in the eyes, whispering, "I need you to make love to me.  I need
to feel you inside of me now."

Steve undressed me before pushing me down on the bed.  Once Steve was
undressed, he laid down on top of me, grinding his hard cock in to my hard
cock while we made out.  Steve kissed his way down, stopping to suck on
each one of my rock hard nipples before he continued his way down to my
throbbing cock.  Once there, Steve went right to work taking as much of my
seven inches as he could.  After bobbing up and down on my cock for a
couple of minutes, Steve moved down to my balls, sucking each one into his
mouth as he swirled his tongue around it.  Then Steve did something he had
never done before.  He pushed my legs up as he started to lick my ass,
causing me to moan so loud, I'm sure the boys heard me.  After a few
minutes of lapping at my ass, Steve worked his way back up my body and
started to kiss me again as he climbed over me.  Without releasing his lips
from mine, Steve reached around to take a hold of my dick, lining it up
with his ass as he sat back on it.  Never letting his lips loose contact
with mine, Steve slowly slid down on my rock hard cock, taking it all in
one slow decent, moaning as my dick impaled him.

Once Steve had bottomed out on my dick, he started to grind his hips back
and forth, causing my dick to move back and forth across his prostate.
Steve sat up and threw his head back as he rocked back and forth on my
dick.  Steve's dick was rock hard, almost pointing straight up in the air.
After a few more minutes of rocking back and forth, Steve started to move
his ass up and down my dick very fast.  I could tell he was about to cum.
Steve was moaning and breathing very hard.  Just as I reached for his dick
to help him out, he exploded.  Steve stopped moving up and down on my dick,
sitting up so he could go back to the rocking motion.  As he did, he
exploded all over me, his dick shooting ropes of hot white cum, hitting me
in the face, chin, and chest.

I grabbed Steve's hips, pumping my dick in as deep as I could as I exploded
inside my lover, filling his bowels with my seed. I shot several ropes of
cum inside Steve as he continued to rock back and forth on my dick.  It
took several minutes for the two of us to come down off our orgasmic high.
We were both breathing hard as Steve leaned down placing his forehead on
mine, saying, "Oh my God!  That was so fucking hot.  I was so fucking horny
and so needed to feel you in me tonight.  Thank you, Thank you, Thank you."

I pulled Steve down on top of me and kissed him, telling him I loved him.
Steve slid off to my side, lying his head down on my chest.  We laid there
for some time as I held Steve in my arms.  I loved this feeling of content
with Steve by my side and the boys in my life.

On the other side of the house, Sean, Colby, and Aaron were all laying on
Sean's bed finishing up a video game.  They were all in just there boxers
after they had gotten ready for bed.  Once they finished the video game,
Colby turned off the bedroom light.  As Colby walked back to the bed, Aaron
was climbing up to the top bunk.  Colby grabbed Aaron by the waist to stop
him.  Aaron looked at Colby, who said, "We are all sleeping in the bottom
bunk tonight."

Sean had moved over to the left side of the bed to make room for Aaron and
Colby.  Aaron was a little surprised when Colby helped him down with his
boxers and said, "Will you help Sean out of his boxers for me while I get
out of mine?"  Then Aaron smiled at him as he realized Colby and Sean had
something in store for him.

Once they were all in bed with Aaron in the middle, Sean and Colby both
laid their heads on one of Aaron's shoulders and began to caress Aaron's
chest and six pack abs.  Sean whispered in Aaron's ear, "This is for being
such a good friend and everything thing you have done for me and Colby."

 Sean looked over at Colby, signaling to him to start.  Both Colby and Sean
leaned in and started to suck on Aaron's nipples, which they had been
caressing with their fingers.  Aaron moaned out loud as he felt each nipple
get sucked into a warm wet mouth.  Aaron's nipples were very sensitive and
he loved to have them played with and sucked on which always caused him to
instantly go hard.

As the boys sucked and played with one of Aaron's nipples, they let their
hands explore Aaron's abs, tracing each muscle of Aaron's six pack before
moving down to his very thick patch of pubic hair which Aaron kept very
neatly trimmed.  Of course Aaron's seven and a half inch dick was standing
straight up, hard as a rock.

Sean and Colby let their hands explore Aaron's crotch without touching his
dick, both running their hands through Aaron's trimmed bush and playing
with his low hanging balls.  Aaron was moaning out loud while he rubbed
Sean and Colby's backs as they suckled on his nipples.  After several
minutes of nipple play, Sean started to move lower down Aaron's abs to
trace his six pack with his tongue as Colby continued to suck on his
nipples.  Colby let Sean lick his way down, crawling down to lay between
Aaron's open legs.  Colby started to lick the inside of Aaron's thighs,
working his way up to Aaron's large balls.  Once Colby reached his nuts, he
sucked each one in his mouth one at a time, gently rolling the sensitive
globes around in his wet mouth.  He tried to get both in his mouth at the
same time, but they were just two big.  Aaron was moaning so loud, Sean
reached for a pillow and covered Aaron's head to help quiet his moaning so
no one else in the house could hear him.

After Sean covered Aaron's head with a pillow, he met Colby at Aaron's
dick.  He looked into Colby's eyes as they both moved in to suck Aaron's
dick.  Sean started on one side at the base of his dick as Colby started at
the base of the underside.  They both ran their mouth up Aaron's dick
meeting at the top where they kissed a little with his dick head in the
middle.

Colby went back down to suck on Aaron's balls as Sean slowly started to go
down on his rock hard dick.  Aaron was so sexed up, both Sean and Colby
knew that he wouldn't last too long.  Colby could feel Aaron's balls start
to pull up towards his body, indicating Aaron was getting close to blasting
his load.  Colby moved up the underside of Aaron's dick, which forced Sean
off and they again kissed for a moment while running their tongues around
the purple head of Aaron's dick.

With one last moan, that the boys were sure everyone in the house heard,
Aaron started shooting his load.  Sean and Colby both felt Aaron's dick
start to throb as his boy cream rushed through his dick, exiting out the
head.  The fist three shots hit Aaron in the face, followed by several more
ropes of cum that landed on his chest and stomach.  Colby and Sean ran
their lips up and down the length of Aaron's dick a few times, coaxing
every last drop out of cum out.  Aaron was so sensitive, that every time
one of the boys would run their lips over the head of his dick, his whole
body would twitch.  After a few minutes, Aaron couldn't stand it any longer
and begged the boys to stop.

As Aaron laid there recovering from his orgasmic high, Sean and Colby
started to kiss again as they leaned over Aaron's mid section.  After a few
minutes of making out, they moved back up and took turns kissing Aaron.
Aaron reached down and took a hold of a hard dick in both hands and then
started to jerk them both.  It took several seconds for Aaron to get both
hands going in a nice rhythm, but he soon had both Colby and Sean moaning
as he jacked their dicks.

Colby and Sean started to kiss again as Aaron was jacking their dicks.
Colby could tell that Sean was getting close as they kissed.  Colby reached
around with his free hand and pulled Sean into him kissing him harder,
driving his tongue into his boyfriend's mouth.  Moments later Sean started
to shoot and since he was lying on his side facing Aaron ,he shot all over
Aaron's abs, combining his boy juice with Aaron's.  Colby looked down just
in time to see Sean blow all over Aaron, which caused him to start to shoot
his load and, just like Sean, he blew his load all over Aaron's abs.

Aaron kept slowly jacking both Sean and Colby until their dicks were too
sensitive for him to continue.  Colby leaned down, giving Aaron a kiss on
the lips, thanking him, and then got up out of bed walking to the bathroom
to get a warm wash cloth to clean Aaron up.  When Colby walked back in,
Sean was kissing Aaron, who was covered in cum.  Colby sat down next to
Aaron and first wiped Aaron's cum off his face before moving down to his
chest and six pack abs to clean up the mixture of cum.  Colby was a little
amazed at how much cum there was, and had to go back to the bathroom to
rinse the wash cloth out before going back in to finish.

After Colby finished cleaning Aaron up and throwing the wash cloth in
Sean's dirty clothes hamper, he climbed back into bed with Aaron and Sean,
pulling the sheet over the three of them.  Sean was lying with his head
resting on Aaron's left shoulder and chest, so Colby took Aaron's right
shoulder and chest for a pillow.  Colby reached down and found Sean's hand
resting on Aaron's mid section.  Colby took hold of Sean's hand,
interlacing his fingers with Sean's before saying a quiet good night.
Nothing else was said between the boys and just a few moments later, all
three were sound asleep.

Over in the next room Hunter and Connor were lying in bed next to each
other, both stroking their hard thirteen year old dicks as they were
sharing a Hustler magazine Hunter had swiped from his older brothers room.
Of course all the moaning coming from the other bedroom made the two of
them even more horny and hard.  Hunter said, "Wow, it sounds like they the
three of them had a lot of fun.  All that moaning made he even harder."
Connor just grunted in agreement as he started shooting his watery cum over
his stomach.  Seeing Connor shot caused Hunter to do the same.  Both boys
still didn't cum very much and both their loads were still a little watery,
but they both felt very proud that they could even shoot.

Connor reached over and found a dirty t-shirt lying on the floor to use to
clean up himself before passing it to Hunter.  After they both cleaned up,
Connor pulled the sheet up over the two of them and before long, they too
were sound asleep.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 36)

Date: Tue, 3 May 2011 19:46:05 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 26

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.  Sorry this chapter has taken so
long to get out.  I have been very busy with other things and have not had
time to write.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter: Once in the shower we kissed each other as the warm
water washed over our bodies.  Steve started to kiss his way down my chest,
stopping to suck on each nipple before heading further down my abs.  I was
already rock hard by the time to took my dick into his hand, stroking it a
few time before he took it into his hot mouth.  It didn't take me too long
to explode into his mouth since it had been a few days since I had gotten
off.  Once Steve had sucked the last drop of my seed from me cock, he stood
and kissed me again, sharing my own seed with me.

After a few minutes of making out I returned the favor, and started to kiss
my way down Steve's chest and abs.  I love the feel of my tongue on his
smooth skin as I trace each muscle as I work my way down to his beautiful
cock.  I spent several minutes running my tongue around the head of his
dick before swallowing as much as I could.  It didn't take Steve long to
shoot his massive load in my mouth.  I had to swallow twice to keep from
choking as Steve just kept shooting and shooting.

After Steve came down off his orgasmic high, I soaped up a wash cloth and
washed his entire sexy body.  Steve then did the same to me before we
rinsed and then dried each other off.  After dressing and a little more
making out we headed back to the hospital, stopping off to get everyone
something to eat.


**********
 Chapter 26 **********

When Steve and I walked passed the nurse's station she told us that the
doctor had been in to see Sean and they were planning on moving him out of
ICU and into a regular room later that afternoon.  She also said to tell
the boys they would need to come out if Steve and I were going to stay in
the room.

When Steve and I opened the door to Sean's room Connor was on one side of
Sean's bed with Colby on the other and Aaron standing behind Colby with his
hand on Colby's back.  Both Connor and Colby were holding one of Sean's
hands and they were talking quietly as Sean slept.  You could see the love
these boys had for each other as friends.

When the boys noticed Steve and me, Aaron walked over to us and said, "The
doc was in here just a few minutes ago and said that Sean is well enough to
be moved to a regular room later today.  He also said that he expected Sean
to be fully awake in a couple of hours, but didn't expect Sean to remember
what happened.  What are we going to tell him?"

I looked at Steve who just looked at his son lying in the bed sleeping and
said, "We have to tell him the truth.  He will know if we are lying to him.
We just tell him what little we know and help him deal with it."

Later that day Sean was moved to a regular room and we were all able to
stay in his room as much as we liked.  Sean looked a lot better now that
the swelling had gone down, but his face and torso were still very black
and blue.  It would be several days before that would fade away.

Just before dinner as we were all sitting there watching TV in Sean's room
Sean opened his eyes and looked around but did not understand where he was.
Being a little scared, he called out in a whisper, "DAD!"

Steve jumped up so Sean could see him saying, "Sean, it's ok, I'm here.
You are in the hospital but you are going to be fine.  Do you understand?"

Sean squeaked out a yes as his eyes looked around.  He calmed down a little
when he noticed Colby, Connor, Aaron and me all standing around his
hospital bed.  Sean looked back at his dad and asked, "What happened?"

Steve took hold of Sean's hand and looked him right in the eyes saying,
"Sean, someone jumped you at school and beat you up.  We don't know who did
this too you yet, or why, but the police are working on it.  You have a
broken arm and some broken ribs.  You have been a sleep for the last couple
of days because you got hit in the head pretty hard.  But I don't want you
to worry; you are going to be just fine in a few days.  The doctor said you
should be out of the hospital in a couple of days."

Sean whispered, "How is Colby?"

Steve just smiled and said, "Ask him yourself, he has been here just about
the entire time.  He's standing on your other side."

Sean slowly turned his head and smiled at Colby saying, "Hey bud."

Colby smile back with tears in his eyes and leaning in to whisper in Sean's
ear, "Hey yourself butt head, you had us worried for a while but I am so
glad you are going to be OK."

Steve said, "Connor and Aaron are here also.  Aaron found you after you got
jumped and called for help.  Mike is here also and now that you are in a
regular room we can all stay with you as much as you like."  Sean smiled as
he drifted off to sleep again.  It was going to take a day or two before he
would be able to stay awake for more than a few minutes at a time.

I called the detective that had been assigned to the case and told him that
Sean was out of ICU and that I believed they would be able to talk to him
tomorrow some time even though I didn't think Sean was going to be able to
remember anything.  The detective said he would stop by the next afternoon.

Later that night I took the boys home, dropping Colby on the way.  Aaron
said he needed to get back to his house to see his father and younger
brother but said he would stop and make sure Connor got breakfast and to
school.  I had to be at work way before Connor needed to be at school so
that took that worry off my mind.  Aaron also asked if he could pick Connor
up after school and take him up to the hospital.  I gave Aaron a big hug
thanking him for all that he did for Sean and for all the help.  We held
onto each other for several minutes before Aaron pulled back with tears in
his eyes.

After Aaron left I told Connor to get ready for bed since he had school the
next morning.  I needed to get some sleep as I was going back to work the
next morning as well.  I wasn't surprised to see Connor in our bed when I
came out.  As I lay there with Connor's head on my chest and Max at the
bottom of the bed I thought to myself how empty the bed felt after being
full of boys the last couple of nights.  Connor was out like a light and I
fell asleep a short time later.  I'm sure it was the relief of knowing that
Sean was going to be fine.

Monday Aaron arrived at our house at about 7:30am to check in with Connor
who was already up and fixing himself some cereal for breakfast.  I had
already been at work for a few hours, but was able to stop by the house to
check on the boys.  Aaron took Connor to school and then would pick him up
after to bring him to the hospital.  Aaron met up with Colby at the high
school after dropping Connor off and told Colby he could ride to the
hospital with him if he liked.  Colby call his mom to get permission.

That afternoon we all met up at the hospital to see Sean who was actually
awake.  Steve told me that the detective had been in earlier and as I had
predicted Sean couldn't tell him much.  Sean didn't remember much of that
whole day let alone getting jumped.

Steve and I would let the boys stay with Sean while we would run home so
Steve could shower and change clothes since he insisted on staying with
Sean overnight.  He had taken some leave so he had the whole week off to
stay with Sean.  Of course most nights I would join Steve in the shower for
a little fun before we head back to the hospital.

Each day Sean was getting better and better.  The bruising was no longer
black and blue but different shades of green and yellow.  The doctor wanted
to keep Sean in the hospital until at least Wednesday.  Tuesday night Sean
was up out of bed and walking with only a little discomfort from the broken
ribs.  He was back on normal food and had asked Steve and me to bring back
a hamburger and fries from our favorite burger joint.  He inhaled the food
as soon as we got it out of the bag.  Sean sure seemed more like his old
self again.  The doctor stopped in and told us that Sean could go home
tomorrow as long as he felt ready.  I could tell that Sean was getting stir
crazy in the hospital and was ready to get home.

The next night the boys were already at the hospital with Sean and Steve
when I arrived.  Steve found out they were waiting on the doc to come sign
the discharge paperwork so Sean could go home with us that night, but the
doc was held up in surgery.  Steve and I decided to go ahead and go out and
get us all something to eat while we waited.  As we were getting ready to
leave Sean spoke up saying, "Connor, go with our dads to help them.  And
dad can we get take out from our favorite Mexican food place?"

Steve said, "I guess but it will take us a little while since it is all the
way across town." I looked at Sean who had a little smile on his face but
didn't think too much about it.

Little did we know but Sean had a little plan up his sleeve.  After Steve,
Connor and I left to go pick up some food for us, Sean had Colby and Aaron
come close to his bed where he was sitting Indian style.  You could
actually see Sean turn a little red while he explained what he wanted to
do.

With a smile on his red face which still showed just a little bit of
bruising Sean said in a quiet voice, "I have had a hard-on all day long and
feel like I'm going to burst if I don't get off.  Aaron you know that Colby
and I have messed around before so I figured you wouldn't mind staying and
being our lookout.  I talked to Colby earlier and asked him if he would
give me a helping hand getting rid of this hard-on since my right arm is in
a cast and it hurts my ribs to jack off with my left hand.  We just need
you to stand by the door and make sure no one walks in on us."

Aaron said, "I guess I can, but you can't wait for a couple more hours
until we get you home?"

Sean smile and said, "Dude, it's been like two weeks since I have gotten
off.  I have been hard all day long."

Aaron walked over to the door and looked out into the hallway.  He looked
back over at Sean and Colby and told them the coast was clear.  Aaron stood
at the door opening it every now and then just enough to peek down the
hallway.

Sean had laid back in his hospital bed and Colby helped him take down his
underwear which was all he was wearing under his hospital gown.  Then Colby
reached under the gown and started to stroke Sean's hard cock.  Sean moaned
a little as Colby slid his hand up and down Sean's dick.  Colby so wanted
to just pull Sean's hospital gown up and give his boyfriend a quick blow
job, but when he and Sean talked they figured that might be a little too
much for Aaron to take.

Colby continued to stroke Sean's raging hard-on giving it a nice squeeze
every now and then and before long Sean was moaning more and more.  Aaron
would peek outside and then look over at Colby and Sean.  Aaron could feel
his dick start to grow in his shorts as he watched Colby beat off Sean.
One more peek outside and then back at Colby who had pulled back Sean's
hospital gown so Sean's cock was in full view of Aaron.

Aaron got so focused on Colby's hand moving up and down Sean's beautiful
cock he almost forgot to peek out in the hallway and had actually started
to play with himself through his shorts.  Sean's moans reminded Aaron to
peek out the door again just as Sean announced that he was about to cum.
Aaron took one more quick peek and then looked back just as Sean started to
shoot.  Aaron could hardly believe how much cum Sean shot out.  It was a
good thing that Colby had placed his second hand over the tip of Sean's
dick or he would have shot the wall behind his head.  Sean moaned each time
he shot a load of cum out of his dick as it would hit Colby's hand.  After
a couple of minutes Sean's orgasm finally subsided and both Colby's hand
and Sean's dick and pubic hair were both covered in cum.  Aaron gave his
hard cock one more squeeze and then left his post at the door to get a wash
cloth from the bathroom so Colby could clean himself and Sean up.

Aaron handed the wash cloth to Colby who used it to clean his boyfriend's
dick of the amazing amount of cum and then went into the bathroom to wash
his hands.  When Colby came back out Sean was telling Aaron how amazing it
felt and how relieved he felt.  Moments later Steve and Connor and I got
back with the food.  Steve noticed that Sean looked a little flushed and
asked Sean if he was fine.  Sean just smiled and looked at Colby and Aaron
with a smile before telling his dad that he felt great.

Just after we finished our food the doctor came with Sean's discharge
paperwork asking Sean if he was ready to go home.  The doctor gave Sean a
once over before giving Sean some instructions on what he could and could
not do.  The doc gave Sean the all clear to head back to school on Monday
if he thought he was ready.

An hour later we were all back at the house.  Colby and Aaron took care of
getting Sean settled in for the night before Aaron drove Colby home and
then went home himself. Connor asked if he could sleep in Sean's top bunk
in case Sean needed something during the night.  Steve told Connor he could
sleep in Sean's room as long as he wanted and as long as it was ok with
Sean.  That night was the first night in many that Steve and I slept in the
same bed.  It felt so good having Steve back in my arms.  It feels so right
with him lying next to me with his head on my chest, his fingers slowly
playing with my treasure trail.  We didn't make love that night but we did
enjoy being in one another's arms again.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 37)

Date: Thu, 21 Apr 2011 07:30:07 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 25

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.  Sorry this chapter has taken so
long to get out.  I have been very busy with other things and have not had
time to write.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

We both looked back at Sean one more time before we walked back to the
waiting room.  Once there, I realized it was getting late and none of us
had eaten.  After talking with Steve we agreed that he was going to stay
with Sean while I took Connor, Colby and Aaron home.  I went down to the
hospital cafeteria and got Steve something to eat while he explained our
plan to the boys.

When I got back to the waiting room Steve had the boys ready to leave.
Aaron was going to follow me to the PD so I could drop off my patrol unit
and get my truck.  We would then go to Colby's house and drop him off.
Steve had called Colby's mom and explained what was going on and Colby
asked his parents if he could skip school the next day and come to the
hospital to see Sean.  After some convincing from Steve they agreed but
wanted Colby to come home for the night.  Before we left the hospital I
leaned that Aaron's family was gone for the week and he was staying home
alone.  I told Aaron that I didn't think he should be alone tonight and
told him that he could come home with Connor and me.

********** Chapter 25 **********

After picking up my truck at the PD I had Colby jump into my truck and sent
Aaron and Connor on to our house.  I drove Colby home and spent a few
minutes talking with his parents.  Linda was horrified when she heard what
happened while she held on to her son.  Dennis listened from the other side
of the room, but didn't really show any type of emotion.  Linda said she
would bring Colby to the hospital around nine the following morning.  I
gave Colby a pat on the back and told him I would see him tomorrow at the
hospital.  Colby turned from hugging his mom to give me a hug before I
left.  As Colby hugged me I looked over at his father.  Dennis was just
glaring at Colby and I and I knew that he had not fully accepted Steve's
and my relationship and hated the fact that Colby looked at us as his other
set of parents.

When I arrived at home Aaron was sitting on the couch in the dark just
staring off into space.  I asked, "Aaron, are you ok?  Where is Connor?"

Without moving his eyes from where he was staring Aaron said, "I told
Connor to take a shower.  I just can't stop thinking about Sean lying there
on the ground.  I just can't figure out who would do that to him.  I just
can't figure it out.  Who hated Sean so much that they beat him up like
that?"

I left Aaron alone for a moment and went into my bedroom to get out of my
uniform.  When I came back out I saw a naked Connor walk out of the
bathroom heading to his room.  I sat down next to Aaron on the couch and
waited for Connor to come out.  Connor came out in just his boxers as
normal.  Connor came over and sat next to me leaning into me to rest his
head on my shoulder.  I patted Aaron on the back and told him to get in the
shower.  Connor and I just sat there on the couch with his head on my
shoulder as I rubbed his back.

I heard the bathroom door open and saw the back side of a naked Aaron walk
out and into Sean's room.  Moments later Aaron came out in a pair of Sean's
boxers which were a little tight on him since Aaron was a little bigger in
all aspects than Sean.  Aaron sat back down on the couch next to me.  I
pulled him in to me and he rested his head on my other shoulder.  All three
of us just sat there in the dark without saying a word for several minutes
before I said, "It's getting late.  Why don't you two get to bed.  We want
to be up early to go see Sean.  Aaron, you can either sleep here on the
couch or you can sleep in Sean's room if you would like."

I got up and went to take a shower while Aaron and Connor got ready for
bed.  When I walked out of the bathroom I saw both Aaron and Connor curled
up under the covers of my bed with Max curled up at their feet.  I wasn't
surprised to see Connor.  I figured he would join me.  I was a surprised to
see Aaron in my bed.  They were both on Steve's side of the bed, lying on
their right sides with Connor spooned up against the Aaron's front side.
As I walked to the bed I could see two sets of boxers lying on the floor.
Connor must have told Aaron of our normal sleeping attire.

As soon as I climbed into bed, Aaron scooted back to spoon up against me.
I draped my left arm over both boys.  There was nothing sexual, just two
boys needing to feel safe as they slept.  Nothing was said as all three of
us fell to sleep.  I seemed to wake up every hour or so and found it hard
to sleep without Steve next to me.  I found myself lying there thinking
about Sean's condition and about who might have done this to him.

Sometime during the night I must have turned over because I woke up with
Aaron spooning me from behind with his rock hard dick poking me in the ass.
Aaron must have been having a great dream because I could actually feel his
precum leaking out and sticking to my ass checks.  Now and then I would
feel Aaron pump his hips pushing his dick into the crack of my ass.  Of
course this had caused me to go rock hard.  Hell, who wouldn't with a
gorgeous eighteen year old spooning you from the back with his seven inch
rod poking you in the ass?

This went on for several minutes before I just couldn't take it anymore. I
looked at the clock and it was only about four AM but I had to get out of
that bed.  I got up and went out into the kitchen and started some coffee.
I texted Steve to see if he was awake and to get an update on Sean's
condition as I waited for the coffee to finish brewing.  Steve texted right
back, "About the same, last check on brain pressure was same, doc was
happy, can't sleep, just want to crawl into bed with him and hold my son."

Steve's text caused me to tear up and I so wanted to be there with him and
hold him but I knew I needed to be here for Connor and Aaron.  As I poured
my second cup of coffee I heard the toilet flush and moments later Connor
came out into the kitchen.  He was so tired he forgot to put his boxers on.
He just walked out naked as the day he was born.  I noticed that he had a
little more hair above his three inch soft dick.  Connor walked over to
where I was sitting and hugged me saying, "I couldn't sleep, I kept
dreaming about Sean."

I hugged him back and said, "Me too buddy.  Why don't you go put on some
boxers or shorts and I will pour you some orange juice."

Connor looked down and obviously hadn't realized he was naked.  He just
smiled and walked to his room to find a pair of basketball shorts.  When
Connor came back, instead of sitting in his normal chair where I had set
his OJ, he grabbed his OJ and climbed up into my lap.  I wrapped an arm
around him as he took a drink of his OJ.  It was obvious that he needed to
be held as we both sat there in the predawn hours both thinking of Sean.

Connor and I sat there for a good part of an hour before we heard the
toilet flush again indicating that Aaron was up.  Moments later Aaron came
out wearing the same tight boxers he got out of Sean's room last night.
Connor and I both looked up and smiled at him.  Not sure if Connor noticed,
but I could definitely make out the outline of Aaron's semi hard dick in
the tight boxers.  Connor said, "Morning, Aaron.  Would you like some
orange juice?"

Aaron stretched that gorgeous body of his and said, "Morning.  I would
rather have a cup of coffee if that's ok."

I pushed Connor off my lap so I could get up and get Aaron a cup of coffee.
Aaron sat down next to Connor as I poured him a cup of coffee.  I went
ahead and got the boys cereal out along with the milk and a couple of bowls
and spoons.  I said, "You two eat something while I take a shower.  Once
you're dressed and ready to go we will go to the hospital."

About thirty minutes later we were on our way to the hospital.  I had a
thermos of coffee for Steve and figured I would have to make him go get
something to eat.  When Steve came from Sean's room out to the waiting
room, Connor ran to him hugging his dad tight.  Connor couldn't help the
tears that rolled down his face.  After a few minutes Steve pushed Connor
back and wiped the tears from his face.  I walked over and gave Steve a
kiss on the cheek and handed him a cup of coffee.  Steve looked awful and
you could tell that he had not gotten any sleep at all.  I asked, "How is
Sean doing?"

Steve looked at all three of us saying, "They still have him on a
ventilator and have checked his brain pressure several times.  The doctor
told me that he has not seen any signs of an increase of pressure and if
that continues then they will start bringing him out of the coma later
today.  The bruising has gotten worse but the swelling has gone down some."

I wrapped my arm around Steve saying, "That sounds encouraging, why don't
you go down to the cafeteria with Connor and Aaron and get something to
eat.  I will sit with Sean until you get back.  It took some convincing but
Steve finally agreed to go.

I went in to sit with Sean.  I leaned down to give Sean a kiss on his
forehead and then whispered, "Hey buddy, how are you doing this morning?
Your dad told me the doctor said you did well over night and they think
they can take you off this breathing machine later today.  You keep
fighting buddy."  Sean looked a little better, his face was more black and
blue but the swelling had gone down.

Steve and Connor walked in a little while later so I got up and let them
spend some time with Sean.  I went back to the waiting room to sit with
Aaron.  Just before eight, Colby and his mother walked into the waiting
room.  Linda sat and talked for a little while before excusing herself.
She gave Colby a hug and kiss before leaving.  I told Linda we would bring
Colby home later.

We all spent the day taking turns sitting with Sean.  Late in the afternoon
the doctor came in and told us he wanted to start waking Sean up and
getting him off the breathing machine.  He said he hadn't seen any sign of
Sean's brain swelling and was very optimistic that there would be no brain
injury or long term problems.

They asked us to all wait in the waiting room while they took the breathing
tubes out.  Once they were done and made sure that Sean was breathing fine
on his own, the nurse came into the waiting room and told us we could go
back in.  Sean was breathing on his own now and the doctor said they would
be slowly weaning Sean off the sedation medication over the next several
hours.  The doctor also told us that if everything went well over night
Sean would be moved out of ICU and into a normal room.

Later that night I tried to talk Steve into going home but he insisted on
staying.  I knew there was no point in arguing with him.  I went back to
the waiting room and told the boys it was time we went home for the night.
Aaron asked if he could spend the night again since his dad and brother
were still out of town.  Colby also asked if he could spend the night at
our place and after a call to his parents it was all arranged.  We stopped
off at Aaron's place so he could pick up some clean clothes.  I could tell
he had been uncomfortable wearing Sean's boxers all day since they were at
least two sizes too small for him.  Colby and Sean were close to the same
size and shared closes all the time so Sean could just wear something of
Sean's if he wanted.

It was late Friday night when we got home.  All the boys took a quick
shower and got ready for bed.  Again I waited until all the boys had
finished before I went to my room to take a shower and again when I came
out I found the boys all in my bed.  It was a little funny looking at them
all lined up by sized, with Connor on the outside, spooned by Colby, who
was being spooned by Aaron.  I climbed in and took my place spooning Aaron.
No words were spoken; there was nothing sexual about it, just three boys
that needed some closeness and reassurance.


The next morning we all loaded back up and headed back to the hospital.  We
stopped for breakfast on the way and got something to go for Steve.  When
we got to the hospital I went into Sean's room to find Steve sound asleep
sitting in the chair next to Sean's bed with his head leaning on Sean's
hand.  I gently woke Steve up and told him we had brought him something to
eat.  Steve stood up and took Sean's hand in his and leaned in to whisper
into Sean's ear.  Steve almost jumped up out of the chair, his eyes wide
open and almost yelled, "He squeezed my hand!  I told him you Connor, Colby
and Aaron were here and I would be right back and he squeezed my hand!"

I put my hand on top of Steve's and said, "Hey buddy, how are you doing
this morning?  Can you squeeze your dad's hand again if you can hear me?"
Steve almost jumped again when he felt Sean squeeze his hand.  Steve pushed
the call button and a nurse came over the intercom and asked if everything
was alright.  Steve told them that Sean was squeezing his hand.  The nurse
told us she would notify the doctor.  A few minutes later the doctor came
in with a big smile on his face saying, "I understand we have a young man
that is waking up?"  Steve told him about Sean squeezing his hand.  The
doctor said that was a good sign and they would continue to wean Sean off
the sedation medication.

Steve left and had Connor come in with me.  Connor was elated that Sean was
able to squeeze his hand.  Over the day, each of us took turns sitting with
Sean and talking with him knowing he could hear us.

Later that day Sean was able to open his eyes and actually tried to talk.
He could only stay awake for a few minutes at a time and was only able to
say a couple of words at a time.  Sean kept asking what happened but I
don't think he understood when we tried to explain that he had been beaten
up by someone.

Now that Sean seemed to be out of the woods I was actually able to convince
Steve to go home with me for a little bit to get cleaned up and change
clothes.  We left the boys with Sean and the two of us drove home.  As soon
as we were in the house Steve pulled me into a hug and nearly squeezed the
air out of my lungs.  Steve kept thanking me over and over for being there
for him and our boys.  After a few minutes Steve stepped back and took me
by the hand and led me into our bedroom.  After undressing each other Steve
took me by the hand again and led me to the shower.

Once in the shower we kissed each other as the warm water washed over our
bodies.  Steve started to kiss his way down my chest, stopping to suck on
each nipple before heading further down my abs.  I was already rock hard by
the time to took my dick into his hand, stroking it a few time before he
took it into his hot mouth.  It didn't take me too long to explode into his
mouth since it had been a few days since I had gotten off.  Once Steve had
sucked the last drop of my seed from me cock, he stood and kissed me again,
sharing my own seed with me.

After a few minutes of making out I returned the favor, and started to kiss
my way down Steve's chest and abs.  I love the feel of my tongue on his
smooth skin as I trace each muscle as I work my way down to his beautiful
cock.  I spent several minutes running my tongue around the head of his
dick before swallowing as much as I could.  It didn't take Steve long to
shoot his massive load in my mouth.  I had to swallow twice to keep from
choking as Steve just kept shooting and shooting.

After Steve came down off his orgasmic high, I soaped up a wash cloth and
washed his entire sexy body.  Steve then did the same to me before we
rinsed and then dried each other off.  After dressing and a little more
making out we headed back to the hospital, stopping off to get everyone
something to eat.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 38)

Date: Tue, 5 Apr 2011 23:42:47 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 24  Finding Steve

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  Big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.  Sorry this chapter has taken so
long to get out.  I have been very busy with other things and have not had
time to write.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

Back in Sean's room, Colby was working hard on Sean's dick taking as much
of it in his mouth as he could.  While Colby was sucking on Sean's rock
hard cock he let his hands roam all over Sean's body, caressing every inch
of it.  It didn't take too long before Sean was warning Colby of his
pending orgasm.  Sean grabbed Colby's head with both hands pumping his dick
into Colby's mouth as fast as he could just as he started to shoot his boy
cream down his boyfriend's mouth.  Shot after shot of hot boy cum shot into
Colby's mouth causing Colby to have to swallow to keep form choking on all
the cum.  After a minute or so Sean was able to slow his breathing down and
pulled Colby back up to his mouth kissing Colby, ramming his tongue in
Colby's mouth tasking his own cum.

After a few minutes of kissing Sean rolled Colby onto his back and started
kissing his way down to Colby's rock hard five inch dick.  Sean stopped at
each of Colby's nipples to suck on them for a few minutes before moving on
to Colby's dick.  Once there Sean licked down one side and back up the
other before licking his way down to Colby's low hanging balls.  Sean
sucked one ball in his mouth moving it around with his tongue before
sucking the second one in so he could give both balls a tongue bath.  Colby
moaned as Sean's tongue moved around his balls.  Colby reached down and
gently pulled Sean off his balls and back up to the head of his raging hard
on.  Sean took the hint and started taking Colby's dick in his mouth.
Slowly at first, inching his way down further and further until he had
Colby's entire dick in his mouth.  Colby couldn't hold off any longer and
just like Sean, reached down to hold on to each side of Sean's head as he
pumped his dick in and out of Sean's mouth as fast as he could.  After just
a few pumps of Colby's hips, Colby erupted in to Sean's mouth.  Sean also
had to swallow to keep from choking on Colby's hot boy juice.

After Colby caught his breath he pulled Sean back up his body so they could
make out as he came down from his orgasmic high.  Sean had saved some of
Colby's cum in his mouth so he could share it with Colby as they made out.
After several minutes of making out Sean lay his head on Colby's chest
shortly before they both faded into a deep sleep in each other's arms.

********** Chapter 24 **********

With Aaron now giving Sean and Colby a ride home from swimming practice
each night our nightly routine changed a little.  Now Steve usually beat
Sean home so he would help me with dinner each night while Connor was
working on his home work or just hanging out with us.  Every now and then
Steve and I would find some time to have a little alone time where we could
make out or take a quick shower together.  I love those times.

Once in a while either Colby and or Aaron would stay for dinner.  Usually
on Friday we would have one or both of them join us.  Sometimes Colby would
stay the night and others Aaron would take him home after dinner.  It was
obvious to Steve and I that the three of them had become great friends.

Steve and I would always make sure that we made time to attend each
swimming meet.  We enjoyed watching Sean and Colby improve throughout the
season.  You could tell that their hard work and extra practice time with
Aaron has paid off.  Both Sean and Colby were both doing well and have
become some of the top swimmers on their team in the events they swim.

Both Sean and Conner where doing well in school.  They both were very proud
when they brought their report cards home after the first semester came to
an end.  It was about this time that I noticed something different with
Sean.  I couldn't put my finger on what it was.  He seemed to have
something bothering him but when I asked him about it he just told me
everything was fine.

One night when Colby was over I pulled him aside and asked him if he knew
what was wrong with Sean.  Colby looked me straight in the eyes saying, "I
know there is something going on at school.  Sean seems fine here at home
and once we get to swim practice but during school he seems nervous about
something.  I have asked him what's wrong but he just says everything is
fine and tells me not to worry.  But I know something is wrong."

I said, "Well I guess he will tell us when he is ready.  Just keep an eye
on him for me and be there for him when he is ready to talk."

Colby smiled and said, "You know I will, Mike."

About two weeks later Sean was walking alone to his fourth period class.
One of only two classes Sean didn't have with Colby.  Sean was walking
alone using the short cut behind the gym that Aaron had shown him.  Just as
Sean rounded the corner of the gym he was hit in the side of the head.
Sean didn't even see it coming.  Whatever hit Sean caused him to black out.
Everything seemed to be going in slow motion.  Sean could hear sounds but
all he could see was blackness.  Sean felt his body falling to the ground
followed by a shooting pain in his right side.  Sean felt the ribs crack as
another blow to his right side sent shooting pain through his body.  He was
confused in the blackness and thought, "What is happening to me?  What is
causing the pain in my right side and head?  I know that smell, what is
that smell?"

Sean felt something hit him in his stomach causing all the air in his lungs
leave his body.  He could feel himself losing consciousness.  He felt
himself falling deeper and deeper into the blackness and as he fell he
could feel more blows to his mid-section but they no longer hurt.  As he
slid into total blackness Sean thought to himself, "What is going on, what
could be causing all this pain?"  As Sean's body lay on the ground his
assailant continued to kick Sean's limp body several more times before
walking off.

As Aaron exited his fourth period class he looked around for Sean.  They
usually met up and walked back to the main building together using the
short cut he had shown Sean.  Aaron paused in the hallway for a few moments
to see if Sean was just running behind.  He knew Sean was at school today
as they had talked earlier in the day.  Aaron thought it was a little weird
but couldn't wait any longer and started off towards the main building.

As Aaron walked along the side of the gym he noticed someone lying on the
ground.  As he got closer he realized it was Sean and he knew something was
horribly wrong.  Aaron ran to Sean and stood over him looking down at his
friend in horror for several seconds.  Aaron was in shock as he fell to his
knees beside Sean's beaten body.  Sean's face was swollen, with trickles of
blood running down from the corner of his mouth.  His shirt soiled with
what looked like foot prints all over it.  Sean's right arm bent at an odd
angel between the elbow and wrist, obvious broken.  Aaron placed his hand
gently on Sean's chest and was relieved to feel it move up and down with
each breath.

Aaron wanted to grab his friend and run with him to get help but knew
better than to move Sean.  Aaron reached into his pocket grabbing his cell
phone and dialed 911.  "My friend has been beaten up, he is unconscious but
breathing, we are on the back side of the gym at the high school.  I need
help!"  Aaron could hear the 911 operator typing as he spoke before he
heard her say, "I have help coming.  Do you know what happened?"

"No, I just found him lying on the ground and he looks like he has been
beaten up!"  Aaron was talking fast and was having trouble controlling his
emotions.  Then he could hear the faint sounds of sirens in the distance.
The 911 operator was asking Aaron more questions, but they were not
registering in Aaron's mind.  Aaron heard the 911 operator tell him to stay
one the line until help arrived.  Just as she finished saying that Aaron
looked up to see one of the campus police officers running towards him.

Aaron hit the end call button on his phone and started yelling for the
officer to hurry.  The sirens were getting loader and loader.  When the
officer arrived he looked down at Sean's body and then spoke into his radio
before he grabbed Aaron by the shoulders shaking him.  It took a couple of
shakes before Aaron realized what the officer was asking him to do.
"Aaron, I need you to go meet the ambulance out front and bring them back
here.  Do you understand?"  The officer had to repeat it again before Aaron
understood and started to run toward the front of the school.  The
ambulance was just pulling up as Aaron got to the front of the school.
Aaron was able to get their attention and motioned for them to follow him
as he ran back to where Sean was lying.

By the time he got back with the ambulance there were several campus police
and teachers standing around Sean, one of them kneeling at Sean's head,
holding it on both sides telling Sean that he would be alright, and that
help was here.  Aaron tried to run up to his friend but was stopped by an
officer and pulled away to the side as the medics from the ambulance
started treating Sean.

Officer Jones asked Aaron what had happened.  Aaron told him everything
that he knew as he watched the medics attend to Sean with tears running
down his face. A lot of students had heard the commotion and had started
gathering around before the teachers started to run them off telling them
to get to their next class.  The medics got Sean's arm in a splint and got
an IV started before they got him on a back board and loaded into the back
of the ambulance.  Aaron wanted to go with Sean, but Officer Jones told him
he couldn't go in the ambulance.

Aaron told Officer Jones, "I have to go get his best friend and tell him
what happened.  I also need to call his dads and tell them."

Officer Jones said, "The school is notifying his dad as we speak, Aaron.
Who else do we need to call?"

Aaron wiped the tears from his eyes saying, "His other dad, Mike.  He's a
cop with Killeen and we need to tell his best friend Colby."  Aaron was
talking fast and in short bursts but Officer Jones got it all.

Officer Jones was a friend of mine as we had worked together many times
since my patrol area was near the high school.  Office Jones asked Aaron,
"Do you know where Colby's class is?"

Aaron said, "Yeah he is in the math and science hall."

Officer Jones grabbed Aaron by the arm and headed towards the math and
science hall in the main building as the ambulance pulled off headed
towards the Army hospital on post.  As they walked toward Colby's class
room, Officer Jones pulled out his cell phone and dialed my number.

"Hey Jones, what's going on over at the school?  I heard dispatch send EMS
over there.  If fact I am making my way over that way know."  I said after
I answered the phone.

Officer Jones said in a very serious voice, "Yeah Mike, I got some bad news
though.  It's about Sean Crispin.  I know he lives with you.  Mike, he got
beat up real bad.  They are transporting him to the base hospital now.  He
is unconscious and looks to have a broken arm.  The school is notifying his
dad now.  I have Aaron with me and we are headed to get his best friend
Colby out of class to tell him."  Officer Jones got it all out in just a
couple of breathes as fast as he could.

"My God, do you know what happened?"  I asked.

Officer Jones told me the little he knew before he said they were coming up
on Colby's classroom.  I said, "Tell Aaron that I am on my way to the
hospital now.  Ask him to stop at the middle school and pick up Sean's
brother Connor and bring him and Colby to the hospital.  Can you call the
middle school and let them know what's going on and let them know that
Aaron is picking Connor up?  Thanks for calling, bud.  I will call you
later."

As Officer Jones got off the phone with me as he and Aaron arrived at
Colby's classroom.  Jones had to grab Aaron by the arm to prevent him from
walking right into the classroom.  Jones looked Aaron in the eyes saying,
"Ok Aaron, take a couple of deep breaths.  I will go in and have Colby come
out here and we can tell him what happened out here.  Also, Mike has asked
that you bring Colby to the hospital after stopping to get Sean's little
brother at the middle school.  Once we tell Colby we all need to go to the
office to get Colby's parents' permission and then get you guys signed out.
You got it?  You ready?"

Aaron wiped his eyes again and shook his head up and down indicating that
he understood.  Officer Jones went to the classroom door and stepped
inside.  Everyone in the classroom looked as Office Jones whispered
something to the teacher.  Officer Jones then looked around the room
stopping when he located Colby.

Colby had been uneasy since class had started.  He heard some other
students talking about someone being taken away in an ambulance.  He had
this feeling that something bad had happened or was about to happen and
when he made eye contact with Officer Jones he almost started crying.
"Colby can I see you in the hallway?"

Colby got up, never taking his eyes off Officer Jones as he slowly walked
to the door.  The classroom was completely silent and Colby could feel the
eyes of every student looking at him.  When Colby walked out in the hallway
and saw Aaron standing there the tears started to run down his cheeks
because he knew something had to be wrong with Sean.  Colby just stood
there looking at Aaron.  Aaron stepped up to Colby putting a hand on each
of Colby's shoulders and looking him in the eye before he said, "Colby,
Sean is on the way to the hospital.  Someone beat him up behind the gym.  I
found him lying on the ground.  Mike told me to get you and bring you to
the hospital."

Colby just stood there in shock, not knowing what to do or say.  He finally
got the words to form in his head but still had trouble to voice them.  All
he could get out is, "Is Sean ok?"

Officer Jones nudged both Sean and Colby towards the main office so he
could get them signed out.  As they walked Aaron told Colby everything he
knew about what had happened. Colby couldn't believe it and seemed to be
just walking in a daze.

Before long Aaron was helping Colby into his Jeep and headed off towards
the middle school to pick up Connor.  Colby sat in the passenger seat just
staring out the front windshield as Aaron went in to get Connor.  Aaron
could tell Connor had been crying when he walked into the office.  Officer
Jones had called ahead and explained everything to the school counselor who
in turn had pulled Connor out of class and explained the situation to him.
When Connor saw Aaron walk in the office he jumped from his chair and ran
to Aaron hugging Aaron around the waist pushing his face into Aaron's shirt
as he started to cry again.  Aaron just held on to Connor for a few minutes
and let him cry before he pulled Connor back so he could look into his eyes
and say, "Come on little man, let's get you to the hospital so you can see
your brother.  Everything is going to be fine.  You'll see."

 Aaron got Connor signed out and walked him out to his Jeep where they
found Colby still staring out the front windshield.  Aaron helped Connor
into the back seat and then jumped in and headed to the Army base hospital.

After I got the call from Officer Jones, I called Steve to check on him and
to tell him I was headed to the hospital.  He was on his way to the
hospital and seemed very calm.  I got the feeling the school official that
called him had down played how seriously Sean was hurt.  I told Steve I had
made arrangements for Aaron to pick up Connor from school and bring him to
the hospital.

I arrived at the hospital first and went in to see Sean.  I almost lost it
when I walked into the ER room.  Several doctors and nurses were all
working on Sean at the same time.  Sean's face was now swollen and starting
to turn different shades of black and blue.  They had cut off all of Sean's
clothes and I could see the marks on his chest and stomach from being
kicked.

I was told that Steve had arrived and I went out to meet him before he came
in to see Sean.  We went into a room where we had a little privacy.  I
pulled Steve into a hug before looking him in his eyes and telling him what
little I knew about what had happened and what I had seen in the ER room.
Steve's face lost some color as he came to realize how serious this was.

After a few minutes I walked Steve into the ER room.  Things had slowed
down a little and Steve was allowed to lean down and give Sean a kiss on
the forehead as he took in all of Sean's injuries.  The tears were running
down Steve's face as he stroked Sean's hair.  I stood behind Steve with me
hand on his back just to let him know that I was there for him.

After a few minutes, one of doctors started to tell us what they were doing
for Sean.  Steve just stared at Sean's face as the doctor talked.  The
doctor said there biggest concern was the possibility of brain swelling so
they were going to put Sean into a medical induced coma to allow Sean's
brain to heal.  The doctor also said they would set Sean's broken arm and
continue to treat his other injuries while he was in a coma.

I had to pull Steve away from Sean's bedside so the doctors could do what
they needed to do.  We went back to the private waiting room where I just
held Steve as he cried.  Steve cried for several minutes before pulling
himself together.  He just kept asking how such a thing could happen to his
boy.  I didn't know what to tell him.  As a cop, I see a lot of crimes that
don't make any sense at all.

About twenty minutes later a nurse opened the door to our private waiting
room and Connor was standing outside along with Colby and Aaron.  You could
tell that all three had been crying.  As soon as Connor saw his dad he came
running through the door and into his dad's arms.  Connor started to cry
again as Steve hugged him.  I hugged the both of them.  I heard the door
shut and looked to see where Colby and Aaron where.  They were both
standing just inside the door, both with tears running down their cheeks,
with Aaron's hand resting on Colby's shoulder.  I turned to them and,
without saying a word, Colby stepped into my arms and started to cry.
Aaron just stood there looking at us.  I reached out and pulled Aaron into
my arms as well.  We all cried for a few minutes before we were able to
control our emotions.

We all sat down in our little waiting room chatting about what we thought
happened as we waited for word from the doctor on Sean's condition.  It
seemed like forever before the doctor came in.  When he did all five of us
went silent and just stared at him for a moment.

Steve stood up, sticking his hand out to introduce himself to the doctor
saying, "I'm Sean's father, Steve.  Is my son ok?"  Connor moved over and
stood right in front of Steve.  Steve put his hands on Connor's shoulders
waiting for the doctor to speak.

The doctor looked around at the rest of us as he introduced himself.  "Hi,
I'm Doctor Smith; I'm the lead trauma doctor treating your son.  Is it ok
to speak in front of these young men?"

Steve said, "Yes.  This is Sean's younger brother Connor" glancing down at
Connor.  "And this is my partner, Mike, and Sean's two best friends, Colby
and Aaron.  You can speak freely in front of all of them."  I'm not even
sure if Steve realized he just outted us to this military doctor.  At that
moment I don't think it really mattered to Steve.

Doctor Smith said, "Ok then.  Well, as you know Sean seems to have been
beaten up pretty badly.  We have cleaned all his abrasions up and set his
broken arm.  Sean has four broken ribs on his right side.  Our biggest
concern is his head injuries.  We believe he received several blows to his
head and are concerned there may be some brain swelling.  We have sedated
Sean and will keep him in a medical induced coma for the next forty eight
hours as we monitor his brain pressure.  If we don't see any increase in
the pressure in the next forty eight hours he will be out of the woods.
Sean will be in intensive care for the next few days as we monitor him.  Do
you have any questions right now?"

Connor spoke up, "When can I see my brother?"

Doctor Smith looked at Connor with a smile saying, "Well, young man, we are
moving Sean to the intensive care unit as we speak.  Once they get him all
set up in there then you can go in and see him but only two at a time and
then for only five minutes.  Sean is very sick and needs to rest.  I will
have a nurse come in and let you know as soon as they have Sean settled."

Doctor Smith shook each of our hands and excused himself after telling us
that he would check in with us later.  Several minutes later a nurse
knocked on the door saying, "Hi, I'm Nurse Brady.  I will be looking after
Sean for the next several hours.  We have him settled in his room if you
would like to go in and see him.  Only two at a time and the younger guys
need to be with a parent."

I looked over at Steve and said, "You take Connor in.  We will wait here."

Nurse Brady smiled at Steve and Connor saying, "Ok.  I just want to let you
know that when you go in Sean is going to have a lot of wires and tubes.
We have him sedated and we are using a machine to help him breath.  Sean's
face and body are swollen right now from his injuries and his face is
starting to turn black and blue from the bruising.  He can hear you so you
can talk to him and hold his hand but that is about it for right now.  So
if you guys are ready I can take you in."

Steve looked at me for a moment and then down at Connor.  "Are you sure you
want to go in?"

Connor looked up at his dad with tears running down his face, "Yeah, I want
to see my brother dad."

Steve held Connor close to him as they walked to Sean's room.  Steve had to
bite his lip in order to control his emotions when he saw his son lying
there with all the wires and tubes sticking out of him.  Steve hardly
recognized his own son due to the swelling and bruising.

Steve and Connor both stood there looking at Sean.  Nurse Brady stepped up
and whispered to Connor, "It's ok to be a little scared.  Sean is a strong
young man and he's going to be fine.  You can hold his hand if you want."

Connor took a step forward and reached out for Sean's hand.  Steve put his
hand over Connors and Sean's and squeezed them both.  Steve leaned down
next to Sean's ear and whispered, "Sean you keep fighting.  You're going to
be just fine.  Connor and I are both here and we both love you so much.
Mike, Colby and Aaron are here also and will be in to see you soon.  We
love you son and we will be here every minute until you are better."

Connor started to cry again, laying his head on his dad's hand.  Nurse
Brady came up behind them both patting both on the back as they both cried.
After a couple of minutes Nurse Brady said, "Connor, I promise we will do
everything we can to make sure that Sean gets better.  Why don't you let
your dad stay here and you come back to the waiting room with me."

Connor kissed Sean's hand before wiping away the tears from his eyes.
Nurse Brady put her hands on Connor's shoulders and led him back to the
waiting room.  I was standing in the waiting room when Connor came in,
running right into my arms.  I just held Connor tight as he sobbed.  Nurse
Brady asked if anyone else wanted to go in.  I looked over at Colby and
said, "Colby if you want, why don't you go in next."

Colby looked to Nurse Brady who led him to Sean's room.  Steve was still
standing next to Sean's bed holding his hand when he saw Colby come in.
Steve motioned for Colby to come closer.  Colby stepped up next to the bed
and Steve whispered to Colby all the instructions Nurse Brady had told him
and Connor earlier.  Colby reached out and gently took Sean's hand into
his.  He just sat there looking at Sean's hand, afraid to look at Sean's
face.  Steve hugged Colby whispering, "He is going to be alright Colby, but
you are going to have to be strong for him and help him get through this.
I know you love Sean and I know that Sean loves you.  He needs you now more
than ever."  Colby wanted to say something but couldn't make any words.  He
just sat there holding his boyfriend's hand.

After a few minutes, Steve whispered, "Colby we have to go.  We need to let
Sean get his rest.  Let's go so Mike and Aaron can come in and see Sean.
Colby kissed Sean's hand as Steve leaned in to whisper in Sean's ear,
"Colby is here but we have to leave for a few minutes.  Mike and Aaron want
to come in and see you.  Then I will be back.  I love you son."

After Steve and Colby returned, Aaron and I went in to see Sean.  I was
amazed how much worse he looked.  His face was swollen and turning black
and blue.  I let Aaron move up to hold Sean's hand.  I put my hand on
Aaron's back just to let him know that I was there for him.  After a few
minutes I leaned in and whispered, "Sean, Aaron's here with me.  He found
you and got help to you.  Sean, I promise you we will find out who did this
to you.  You keep fighting buddy.  We all love you, buddy.  Hang in there."

When I pulled Aaron away from Sean's bedside he turned and nearly collapsed
in my arms crying.  I pulled Aaron into my arms hugging him as tight as I
could.  After a few minutes Aaron pulled away, wiping the tears away from
his eyes and said, "I wish I had never shown that short cut to Sean.  He
would have never been there if I hadn't and this wouldn't have happened to
him."

I looked Aaron in the eyes saying, "Aaron look at me.  This is not your
fault.  This is not Sean's fault.  Someone purposely did this to Sean for
whatever reason.  We will find that person.  Sean is going to need all his
friends and family to get through this.  Steve and I need you to be there
for Sean.  He will make it through this but only with our love, help and
support.  This is not your fault and I want to make sure you understand
that."

Aaron hugged me again just saying, "Thanks Mike and I promise I will be
there for Sean."

We both looked back at Sean one more time before we walked back to the
waiting room.  Once there, I realized it was getting late and none of us
had eaten.  After talking with Steve we agreed that he was going to stay
with Sean while I took Connor, Colby and Aaron home.  I went down to the
hospital cafeteria and got Steve something to eat while he explained our
plan to the boys.

When I got back to the waiting room Steve had the boys ready to leave.
Aaron was going to follow me to the PD so I could drop off my patrol unit
and get my truck.  We would then go to Colby's house and drop him off.
Steve had called Colby's mom and explained what was going on and Colby
asked his parents if he could skip school the next day and come to the
hospital to see Sean.  After some convincing from Steve they agreed but
wanted Colby to come home for the night.  Before we left the hospital I
leaned that Aaron's family was gone for the week and he was staying home
alone.  I told Aaron that I didn't think he should be alone tonight and
told him that he could come home with Connor and me.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 39)

Date: Mon, 14 Mar 2011 10:15:58 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 23 Finding Steve

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

After dinner that night as Steve and the boys sat and watched TV, I made my
weekly phone call to my two kids.  Kelly and Kate where both doing well as
expected.  Kelly had graduated college a couple of years ago, got married
to a girl he met in college and was now living in New Mexico.  Kate had
also graduated and was working in Colorado.  I don't get to see them much
but I call them every Sunday evening to check in with them. As expected
they were both doing well and we talked about them coming out for
Thanksgiving in just a couple of months.

Both my kids know that Steve and the boys were living with me.  I told them
as soon as Steve and the boys moved in back in the beginning of the year.
I didn't tell them that Steve had moved into my bedroom.  In fact they have
no idea about my preference for guys.  At least I don't think they do.  I
have to start thinking about how I am going to tell them when they come to
visit at Thanksgiving.  I would never ask Steve or the boys to put on a
charade to hide my feelings for Steve and the boys.  I just hope and pray
that they will accept my life as it is now and accept Steve and the boys as
family.

**********
Chapter 23
**********

Over the next several weeks we began to fall into a routine with the boys
being back in school.  Most days I would make it home before Connor was
home from school.  I would help him with his homework if he had any while I
made dinner.  Steve would stop by the high school to pick up Sean and Colby
after they finished with swim practice.  Steve would drop Colby off at his
house on the way home.

Once Steve and Sean got home we would all sit down at the dinner table to
eat together as a family.  I loved having family dinners again.  I missed
having kids at the dinner table when Kelly and Kate moved out.  After
dinner Sean would normally help Steve and I with the cleanup since Connor
would help me get dinner ready.  Once everything was done the boys were
free to go outside and play ball or do whatever they wanted until it was
time for them to be in the house.  Steve and I wanted the boys to have some
relaxation time before heading to bed so we asked them to be in the house
by dark each school night.

We all went to bed fairly early since both Steve and I got up very early
for work.  Most nights Steve and I were headed to bed by about nine thirty
or so.  We had the boys go to their rooms at nine and wanted lights out by
ten each night.  Steve and I would enjoy our alone time for a while.
Kissing and cuddling some nights and then others we would fuck like dogs.

Over the last few weeks that Colby had moved back with his parents, Sean
would wander in our bed room around ten thirty each night to climb in bed
with Steve and I.  He would call and talk with Colby on the phone each
night and would start feeling sad so he would come to our bed to sleep with
us.  He would usually go to Steve's side of the bed but every now and then
he would climb in my side to cuddle with me.

After a few weeks the number of nights Sean would come to our bed slowly
went from every night to just the weekends.  Steve and I figured Sean felt
a little more alone on the weekends because he wasn't able to get his Colby
fix like he can during the week since they have several classes together at
school.

It must have been about the third week of swim practice when Sean told us
that Aaron had offered to drive Colby and Sean home after practice each
night.  Steve and I talked about it and decided that it would be a big help
if Aaron was willing to do that.  We talked about it over dinner that
night.  I said, "It would sure help us out if Aaron could bring you guys
home.  We can only speak for you.  Colby will have to get permission from
his parents."

Steve added, "We would like to meet this Aaron and would like offer to pay
for his gas.  Since tomorrow is Friday, why don't you ask him if he would
like to stay for dinner when he drops you off.  Ask Colby if he would like
to come for dinner also."

Sean just said, "That would be awesome dad.  I will call him after dinner."
Sean finished his dinner as fast as he could and then ran off to make his
phone calls.  First he called Colby to make sure that he could stay for
dinner and then called Aaron.

Aaron was lying on his bed in just his boxers when his phone rang.  He
answered, "Hello."

On the other end of the line, Sean could hardly believe that he was calling
a senior to ask him if he could stay for dinner.  Sean said, "Hey Aaron,
it's Sean from the swim team."

"Oh hey, Sean.  What's up?"

"I told my dads about your offer to drive me and Colby home after practice
and they said that would be great but they would like to meet you first.
They asked if you wanted to stay for dinner tomorrow night after practice."

"Yeah that will be cool."

"Awesome.  Well I guess I will see you at school tomorrow.  Later man."

"Cool. Later."  As Aaron lied there he thought to himself, "Did Sean say
dads.  As in two dads?"

At practice the following day, Aaron, Sean and Colby were the last to leave
the pool and then the last to get into the shower.  Coach walked through
the shower telling everyone to hurry and leave.  Aaron and the boys were
still in the shower.  The coach yelled out, "Aaron, I locked the door to
the pool make sure the outside door is locked after making sure everyone is
out of here."

Aaron yelled back, "Sure, no problem coach."

The three took their time enjoying the hot shower after a hard practice.
After removing their practice trunks and rinsing them out all three walked
out of the shower headed to their lockers to dry off and get dressed.
Several minutes later they were walking to Aarons black Jeep Grand
Cherokee.  Aaron was given the Jeep by his parents when he got his license
a couple of years ago but has since added some very cool looking chrome
wheels and had the window tinted along with adding a new stereo.

Aaron unlocked the Jeep and jumped in behind the wheel.  Sean took shot gun
and Colby slid in the back seat behind Sean.  It only took a few minutes to
drive from the school to our house.  Sean led the way in the house with
Colby and Aaron behind him.  Connor and I were in the kitchen making dinner
when they walked in the door.  Sean led Aaron into the kitchen to introduce
him to me and Connor.

When I saw them walk around the breakfast bar, I looked up just as Sean
said, "Mike this is Aaron.  Aaron this is one of my dads, Mike and that
over there is my little brother Connor."

Connor yelled back, "Hey, what do you mean by that over there?"

Aaron held out his hand as he came around the breakfast bar to shake my
hand.  Aaron shook hands like a man, nice and firm.  Then he turned to
Connor bumping fist with him.  He smiled and said, "Nice to meet you guys."

Just then Steve walked in the house and came into the kitchen.  "This must
the Aaron you two have been talking so much about."  It was hard to tell if
Aaron was blushing or not because of his dark complexion.  We later found
out he was part American Indian which explained the dark and smooth
complexion.

Steve went up to Aaron and shook his hand.  Sean spoke up saying, "Aaron
this is my dad Steve."

Aaron smiled as they shook hands, "Nice to meet you sir."

Steve smiled back, "What's this sir crap.  Sean and Colby's friends call me
Steve.  I assume you already know everyone else."

Aaron answered, "Yes sir.  I mean, yes I have Steve.  Thanks for inviting
me over for dinner."

"Our pleasure Aaron, we just wanted to meet you since you will be hauling
these two knuckle heads around for us."

Sean just replied with a big smile on his face, "Come on Aaron and Colby.
We don't have to stand here for this abuse.  Let's go to my room until
dinner is ready."

The three of them went to Sean's room and Steve went into our room to
change.  When Steve came back out to the kitchen he asked, "Can I help with
anything?"

I said, "Nope, almost done.  Just waiting for the lasagna to finish and
then we will be ready.  Connor's got the table set so once this is done we
will be ready to eat."

Steve looked to make sure our guest was out of site before giving me a big
hug and a quick peck on the lips.  "So what do you think of Aaron so far?
I think Sean and Colby really like him."

"He seems to be a very responsible young man, very polite and friendly.  I
would like to know a little more about him before we say yes, but so far so
good."

A few minutes later we were all sitting around the table eating and
chatting with all the boys.  Steve found an opportunity to ask Aaron about
his family.  Aaron was happy to answer.

"Well not much to tell.  I live about four miles from here.  I live with my
dad and younger brother in an old farm house my dad bought.  It's like a
hundred years old.  My mom lives in the next town.  She is a doctor and
works crazy hours.  She and my dad are still married but separated for
about the last six years or so.  I plan to attend the local community
college after I graduate this year and then move on to a university after
that."

Steve smiled and said, "Good to hear.  You sound like you have a good head
on your shoulders and you seem to be a very responsible young man."

We chatted back and forth through the rest of dinner before Sean and Colby
got up to start cleaning up.  Aaron asked if he could help but Sean told
him guests were not allowed to help.  Once the kitchen was cleaned up Sean,
Colby and Aaron went back into Sean's room to hang out for a little while.

The three of them chatted for a while playing a video game.  Colby asked
Aaron, "So do you have a girl friend?"

"Yeah.  You know Stacy Jones?  We have been dating for about the last
year."

Sean said, "Yeah, I know who she is.  She is hot."

Aaron smiled, "You know it and she gives a great blow job, but I'm still
working on getting in her pants"

Sean and Colby just looked at each other smiling.  They couldn't believe
that Aaron had told them his girlfriend gives great blow jobs.

Just then Aaron's phone chirped as he received a text message.  Aaron
looked at the message and smiled.  "Speaking of the devil, and by the looks
of this message, I'm going to be getting another great blow job later
tonight.  In fact, I think I need to get home so I can get ready to pick
Stacy up."

Aaron gathered his things as Sean and Colby walked him out to the living
room where Steve and I were sitting on the couch.  Aaron thanked us for
dinner saying he needed to get home.  Steve and I stood to shake his hand
as I said, "It was nice to meet you Aaron and you are welcome here any
time."

Sean and Colby walked Aaron out to his Jeep.  Aaron jumped in and rolled
the window down and looked at Sean and said, "Thanks again for having me
over.  You guys are cool.  I have a question though and I hope you don't
get offended.  Is your dad and Mike like a couple, you know like a gay
couple?  If you want to say any thing that's cool also."

Sean looked at Colby and then back at Aaron, "Yes they are, and I love
having two dads."

Aaron smiled, "That is so cool.  I got to go.  Call me tomorrow and I'll
tell you how my blow job goes.  See you guys later."  Aaron started his
Jeep, smiling and then waved as he backed out of the drive.

Sean and Colby walked back in the house, stopping in the living room.
Steve looked at them and said, "Aaron seems to be a nice kid, and I don't
see why you can't ride home from swim practice with him.  It will sure help
me out by not having to drive all the way out to the high school on my way
home.  We want you to give Aaron some gas money though.  Colby just make
sure you clear it with your parents."

Colby said, "I will.  Is it ok if I have my mom call you if she has any
questions about Aaron?"

Steve smiled back saying, "Any time."

Sean jumped in, "Is it ok if Colby stays overnight here?"

I answered, "You know Colby's welcome here anytime.  Just make sure it's ok
with his folks."

Colby made a quick call to get permission.  Again his dad was a little
reluctant to give Colby permission to stay overnight at our house but gave
in.  Once they told Steve and I that they had gotten permission for Colby
to stay the night they both went back into Sean's room.

Once inside they started playing a video game on Sean's computer but got
bored with that very quickly.  Colby grabbed Sean's arm and pulled him on
to the bed.  "I want to lie on the bed together.  We haven't had a chance
to snuggle in like two weeks."

Colby lay down on the bed pulling Sean down on top of him and they started
kissing.  After several minutes Sean laid his head down on Colby's chest
slowly rubbing Colby's chest and flat stomach with is hand.  Sean looked up
at Colby saying, "You think Aaron is getting head right now from Stacy?  I
can't believe he told us about that."

Colby laughed saying, "Yeah.  Bet he is about to get off right about now.
But I got the feeling he might be into guys too.  He always gets hard in
the shower when we take our practice suits off.  It would be cool if he
did.  He has one hot body."

Still looking Colby in the eyes Sean said, "You want to play with him don't
you?"

Colby admitted, "Yeah, I do.  I hope that don't make you mad.  I know we
have only played with each other.  I love you and would never play around
with another guy without your permission.  I actually want to play with you
and Aaron at the same time.  I think that would be so hot."

Sean smiled and started kissing his boyfriend again.  "I love you too and I
promise that I will never play around with another guy without your
permission also.  I think it would be fun to play with Aaron too.  I love
his thick bush that he keeps all trimmed.  Hey maybe we can have him help
us trim our pubes."

Colby pulled Sean back up so they could kiss again and before long shirts
were coming off and nibbles were being sucked on.  Minutes later Sean was
moving down Colby's chest kissing every inch as he went.  Once Sean made
his way to Colby's shorts it didn't take long before Sean was pulling them
off to get at the hard dick behind them.  After pulling Colby's shorts and
underwear all the way off, Sean stood there doing a little striptease for
Colby before crawling back up to lay on top of Colby after they were both
completely naked.

After some more making out Colby rolled Sean over so Colby was on top and
then started kissing his way down to Sean's rock hard dick taking it in his
warm mouth, playing with the head of Sean's dick running his tongue around
the head several times.  Colby knew this drove Sean insane, causing him to
squirm all over the bed and having to put a pillow over Sean's head to
quiet his moans so Steve and I didn't hear them.

Steve and I were sitting on the couch together when we heard the moans
coming from Sean's room.  We smiled at each other and laughed a little.  I
turned the TV off and pulled Steve up from the couch and led him off to our
bedroom so we could have a little fun.

Back in Sean's room, Colby was working hard on Sean's dick taking as much
of it in his mouth as he could.  While Colby was sucking on Sean's rock
hard cock he let his hands roam all over Sean's body, caressing every inch
of it.  It didn't take too long before Sean was warning Colby of his
pending orgasm.  Sean grabbed Colby's head with both hands pumping his dick
into Colby's mouth as fast as he could just as he started to shoot his boy
cream down his boyfriend's mouth.  Shot after shot of hot boy cum shot into
Colby's mouth causing Colby to have to swallow to keep form choking on all
the cum.  After a minute or so Sean was able to slow his breathing down and
pulled Colby back up to his mouth kissing Colby, ramming his tongue in
Colby's mouth tasking his own cum.

After a few minutes of kissing Sean rolled Colby onto his back and started
kissing his way down to Colby's rock hard five inch dick.  Sean stopped at
each of Colby's nipples to suck on them for a few minutes before moving on
to Colby's dick.  Once there Sean licked down one side and back up the
other before licking his way down to Colby's low hanging balls.  Sean
sucked one ball in his mouth moving it around with his tongue before
sucking the second one in so he could give both balls a tongue bath.  Colby
moaned as Sean's tongue moved around his balls.  Colby reached down and
gently pulled Sean off his balls and back up to the head of his raging hard
on.  Sean took the hint and started taking Colby's dick in his mouth.
Slowly at first, inching his way down further and further until he had
Colby's entire dick in his mouth.  Colby couldn't hold off any longer and
just like Sean, reached down to hold on to each side of Sean's head as he
pumped his dick in and out of Sean's mouth as fast as he could.  After just
a few pumps of Colby's hips, Colby erupted in to Sean's mouth.  Sean also
had to swallow to keep from choking on Colby's hot boy juice.

After Colby caught his breath he pulled Sean back up his body so they could
make out as he came down from his orgasmic high.  Sean had saved some of
Colby's cum in his mouth so he could share it with Colby as they made out.
After several minutes of making out Sean lay his head on Colby's chest
shortly before they both faded into a deep sleep in each other's arms.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 40)

Date: Fri, 4 Mar 2011 08:05:22 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 22  Finding Steve

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

"Maybe but I just got a nice bush started, I don't want to trim it if I
don't need to.  Besides I like playing with your bush."  With that Sean
moved his hand and started to run his fingers through Colby's pubic hair
working his way down to Colby's hardening dick.

Colby pulled Sean up so they could make out and then rolled Sean over on
his back so he could lie on top of Sean so they could rub their hard dicks
together.  Colby slowly moved his hips and was soon leaking precum.  Sean
reached down between them and pushed Colby's dick down below his balls so
Colby's dick was sliding between Sean's legs.  Colby started to pick up
some speed as they made out with his boyfriend.  It wasn't long before
Colby was pumping his hard dick hard and fast between Sean's legs bringing
him close to his orgasm.  Just before Colby's dick started to shoot his boy
juice he pulled his dick out from between Sean's legs and shoot all over
Sean's dick soaking it with cum.

Once Colby caught his breath he grabbed a hold of Sean's dick and started
jacking him off using his own cum as lube.  Colby was kissing Sean the
whole time as Sean moaned and wrestled with his tongue.  It only took a
couple of minutes before Sean was shooting all over his chest and abs.
Once Sean caught his breath Colby went to the bathroom to get a warm wash
cloth to clean his boyfriend and then crawled back in bed with him for some
cuddle time before they drifted off to sleep.

***********
Chapter 22
***********

Sean and Colby went to the pool after school the next day.  They changed
into their swim suits and then went to the pool area were they found Aaron
already swimming laps.  Aaron showed Colby and Sean some pointers on how to
improve their strokes and then they worked on their flip turns.

The coach had to kick them out of the pool so he could go.  Again the three
were left alone in the team locker room showering.  After starting their
showers with their swim suits on they soon took them off in order to rinse
the chlorine out and then wash the chlorine off their bodies.  There was a
little bit of looking and joking this time but since they had spent more
time in the pool today the boys had to take a quick shower so they could be
outside when Steve picked them up.

The week continued in much the same way and by the end of the first week of
school everyone had seemed to settle into a routine.  However that routine
was going to change a little as we found out that Colby would be moving
back to his parent's house that weekend.

Everyone was a little down when Saturday came and Colby had to pack his
stuff for the move back with his parents.  Of course Sean was the most
upset but was putting up a nice front for Colby's sake.

After Colby had all his stuff packed, we all sat around the breakfast bar.
Connor being Connor had to lighten the mood by saying, "Oh my God, you guys
act like Colby is moving around the world.  He will be like four blocks
away and Sean you will see him every day at school and swimming practice.
And I am sure he will be over here all the time."  With that Connor gave
Colby a hug and said he was going over to Hunter's house.

I stood and gave Colby a hug and whispered, "You know you are always
welcome here.  You have both mine and Steve's phone number and you can call
us anytime.  We want you to keep the key to the house and you can come and
go whenever you want."

Steve stood up and also gave Colby a hug saying, "We consider you one of
our boys and if you ever need anything just call."  With that, Steve and I
went outside where Ms. Johnston was waiting to take Colby to his parent's
house.  We chatted with her for a little while as Sean and Colby talked
inside.

Colby pulled Sean into a hug and said, "Thanks for being my best friend and
nothing is going to change between us except that we will not be sleeping
in the same bed every night."

Sean whispered into Colby's ear, "I love you and even though we will see
each other every day, I can't help but feel sad that we won't be sleeping
in the same bed every night, but I know that you need to be with your mom
and dad so don't worry, I will be fine.  Call me tonight when you can."

"I will, and I love you too."  With that, Colby kissed Sean and then went
outside to meet up with Ms. Johnston who was waiting to take him to his
parent's house.  After another hug from Steve and I, Colby climbed in
Ms. Johnston's vehicle.  Ms. Johnston thanked Steve and I again for taking
Colby in and said she would let us know how everything goes.

Just a few minutes later Colby and Ms. Johnston were at Colby's parent's
house.  They went inside where Linda and Dennis were waiting for them.
After giving a hug to both his mom and dad, Colby took his stuff into his
room and then came back out to the living room where Ms. Johnston was
talking to his parent's.  Ms. Johnston was telling Linda and Dennis about
how she wanted Colby and them to continue with their counseling for the
foreseeable future.  She also told them she would be checking in on them a
couple of times a month.

After Ms. Johnston left Colby sat in the living room and talked with his
parents.  He told them about his classes and about joining the swim team.
Colby's dad was impressed that he and Sean both made the swim team.  He was
even more impressed that they were practicing on their own.  Colby told
them about Aaron and how he was helping him and Sean on their stoke
technique and their turns.

Later that night they all enjoyed their first dinner together as a family
in a long time.  Colby was enjoying being home with his family but he was
starting to miss Sean.  After dinner Colby went to his room and called
Sean.  They chatted back and forth for the better part of two hours.  Of
course being teenage boys their chat turned to talk about sex which had
both boys lying in bed playing with their hard dicks as they chatted.

Colby's dad knocked and then opened the door without waiting for an answer.
Colby sat up as fast as he could trying to hide his raging hard on in his
shorts when Dennis opened the door.  Dennis said, "Oh I'm sorry, but you
need to get off the phone and get to bed."  Then he closed the door and
went to his bedroom with a bright red face.

Colby was just as red as he sat on his bed, his hard cock shrinking fast.
Sean could tell that something had happened and asked, "What's going on?"

Colby answered, "My dad just walked in on me and saw me playing with
myself.  He didn't look happy about it either and told me I had to get off
the phone and get to bed."

Sean said, "Are you OK?"

Colby said, "Yeah but I better say goodbye for now.  I will see if I can
come over tomorrow so we can play some ball."

Sean answered, "Cool.  Come over around eleven after we get home from
church."

"Cool, see you tomorrow, love ya."

"Love you too."

After Sean got off the phone he lay in bed for a while tossing and turning.
He couldn't get comfortable without Colby lying next to him.  He missed his
boyfriend's body touching him.  He could not get rid of the feeling of
being alone.  After a couple of hours he couldn't stand it anymore and got
up walking to our bed room.

I heard the door open slowly and saw a naked Sean standing in the doorway
with tears running down his face.  Steve was still sound a sleep with his
head lying on my chest.  I tried to not wake Steve as I asked, "You ok
Sean?"

Sean whispered, "I can't sleep. I miss Colby."

Steve woke up as soon as he heard Sean's voice and he rolled over on his
right side, pulling the covers back so Sean could join us in bed.  Steve
pulled Sean up close to him giving him a hug, telling him everything would
be ok.

I rolled over on my right side and snuggled up against Steve's back with my
arm over his and Sean's sides.  Soon we were all asleep holding each other.
It must have been an hour or so later and I felt the bed move.  It was
Connor climbing in bed with us, sliding in with his backside up against my
backside.  Of course when Connor came into our bed, Max was right behind
him, jumping up on the bed and taking his place at the bottom of the bed at
Connor's feet.

The sun was just poking through the blinds when I woke up.  I untangled
myself from the web of arms and legs as Connor had rolled over and was
cuddling against me.  As soon as I got out of bed, Steve rolled over on his
back and pulled Connor into his left side while he had Sean on his right
side.  They were so cute that I grabbed my cell phone and snapped a couple
of quick pictures and then Max and I went out to the kitchen after I
emptied my bladder.

I put the coffee on, let Max out in the back yard and then went out front
to get the paper.  When I came back in Steve was in the kitchen sitting at
the breakfast bar looking very tired.  I gave him a kiss on the cheek as I
walked by going around the breakfast bar, getting our coffee cups ready.
Steve rubbed his eyes and said, "We are going to have to get a bigger bed
if these boys are going to keep climbing in bed with us."

I smiled saying, "I think you are right but then we won't have to all
cuddle in order to fit on the bed."

I went back in to wake the boys up for breakfast and had to call Steve,
"Hey come look at your boys all cuddled up together."  Steve walked up
behind me, putting his chin on my shoulder as we looked at Sean and Connor,
both sound asleep with Sean spooning Connor from behind.  Steve whispered
in my ear, "Those are our boys!"

I just smiled and pulled him into a quick kiss and then said, "Get OUR boys
up so we can eat, I'm starving."  Steve went back into the kitchen, but I
couldn't resist just standing there watching our boys sleep so peaceful.
After a few minutes I called their names to wake them up.  They both moved
a little, stretching their lean bodies, both rolling on their backs, their
morning wood tenting the sheet that barely covered their hot little bodies.
I stood there another minute admiring the view and also to make sure they
didn't just fall back to sleep before I walked back to the kitchen to help
Steve finish making breakfast.

A couple of minutes later I heard the toilet flush in our bathroom and then
saw two naked boys walk across the living room to their rooms.  A minute
later they were both at the breakfast bar in nothing but their boxers,
rubbing their eyes and asking what we were having for breakfast.

Steve and I both noticed that Sean was still a little down in the dumps.  I
asked Steve, "What do you think?  Should take the boat out for a little bit
today?"

Steve smiled, "Oh, I don't know, I was thinking of hanging out around the
house today and maybe read a good book."

I looked at the boys, both laughing at Steve, knowing he was full of it.  I
started laughing too saying, "Well then you two better get on the phone and
make sure Colby and Hunter can go with us."

As soon as we finished breakfast they both took off to their rooms grabbing
their phones each calling their best friend.  Sean had a smile from ear to
ear waiting for Colby to answer the phone.  Colby was only half a wake when
he answered his phone and it took him a minute to figure out who he was
talking to.

Once wide awake, Colby realized who he was talking to and what Sean was
asking.  After getting up and almost running out of his room naked before
he realized that he was home and could no longer run out of his bedroom
naked or even with just boxers on, Colby threw on some running shorts and a
t-shirt before going out to the kitchen where his mom and dad were sitting
reading the morning paper with their coffee.  Colby said, "Morning.  Sean
is on the phone and asked if I could go out on their boat with him and his
family.  May I go?"

Colby's dad looked over his paper at his son with a questioned look on his
face.  "You just came back from their house yesterday; do you think you
should be going back so soon?"

Colby's smile left his face and he glanced at his mom.  "I guess I should
stay here and spend the day with you guys."

Colby's mom could see the hurt in Colby's eyes, "Dennis, I think it would
be fine if he went out with his friends for a few hours, as long as he is
back in time for dinner."

Colby looked back at his father waiting for an answer.  Dennis looked over
the top of the paper saying, "I guess, as long as you are back before
dinner.  Remember we eat at five o'clock sharp, don't be late."

The smile returned to Colby's face as he ran off to tell Sean.  Sean told
Colby that they would swing by to pick him up after they stopped and got
Hunter.  Colby told Sean about having to be back in time for dinner with
his parents.

We spent the better part of the day out on the lake.  We would pull the
boys around on the tubes for a while, and then they would stop and relax in
the water for a while.  They all had a great time and before they knew it,
it was time to head in.  We dropped Hunter off first and then stopped at
Colby's house.  Steve and I wanted to say hi to Dennis and Linda so we all
walked Colby to the door.  Colby opened the door leading everyone inside.
Dennis and Linda were both sitting in the living room watching TV when they
saw they had company.  They both got up and greeted their guests.  Dennis
still didn't feel right having Steve and me in his house.  I could see it
in his eyes when I shook his hand.

We chatted for a few minutes, telling Dennis and Linda what a great kid
they had in Colby and how we enjoyed having him stay at our house.  I could
see that Dennis was not happy about Colby staying with us so I figured I
had better cut this visit short and get our gang back home.

After dinner that night as Steve and the boys sat and watched TV, I made my
weekly phone call to my two kids.  Kelly and Kate where both doing well as
expected.  Kelly had graduated college a couple of years ago, got married
to a girl he met in college and was now living in New Mexico.  Kate had
also graduated and was working in Colorado.  I don't get to see them much
but I call them every Sunday evening to check in with them. As expected
they were both doing well and we talked about them coming out for
Thanksgiving in just a couple of months.

Both my kids know that Steve and the boys were living with me.  I told them
as soon as Steve and the boys moved in back in the beginning of the year.
I didn't tell them that Steve had moved into my bedroom.  In fact they have
no idea about my preference for guys.  At least I don't think they do.  I
have to start thinking about how I am going to tell them when they come to
visit at Thanksgiving.  I would never ask Steve or the boys to put on a
charade to hide my feelings for Steve and the boys.  I just hope and pray
that they will accept my life as it is now and accept Steve and the boys as
family.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 41)

Date: Fri, 18 Feb 2011 20:12:46 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 21 - Finding Steve

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.

Also a big thanks to my friend Greg and his son for helping me with this
chapter.

Take Care,

MIKE

From Last Chapter:

I said, "That won't be a problem we were planning on leaving about the same
time.  Since tomorrow is the first day of school I don't think we should
stay out too late."

After we were all done with breakfast we all loaded up on the boat and
cruised around the lake.  The boys showed our guests how to ride the tubs
and made sure to let our guests ride as long as they liked.  It was funny
how Connor was never too far from our guest's daughter.

We got back in time for our guests to get on the road.  After they left we
got our stuff packed and headed back to the house.  After getting
everything put away and everyone showered we just hung out around the
house.  The boys spent the rest of the day playing video games while Steve
and I watched some TV along with a nap or two.

**********
Chapter 21
**********

The next morning was the big day for Sean and Colby.  I could tell that
they were both a little nervous but I with the two of them having classes
together we figured they would be just fine.  Connor met up with Hunter and
walked to school.  You could tell that he was missing having his big
brother to walk with.

That night when we all sat down for dinner Steve and I wanted to hear all
about the boys' day.  Sean was first to start, "Colby and I had a pretty
easy day.  All we had to do was find all our classes and get all out books.
We also got to sign up for the gym classes that we wanted to take.  We both
signed up for swimming this semester because we are thinking of trying out
for the swim team."

Connor jumped in saying, "The swim team?  You guys have to wear those
little tiny Speedo swim suits?"

"I don't know we might.  We just figured that we both really like to swim
so we figured we should be able to make the freshman team.  Try outs are
tomorrow after school so dad can one of you pick us up after we are
finished.  We won't make the bus."

Steve said, "No problem bud, I can swing by the school on my way home.  So
Connor how was your day?"

"It was fine.  Mostly just got our books and was told what we have to do in
each class.  So far I like all my teachers but it is just the first day of
school.  Hunter and I have like three classes together so that is cool."

The rest of the dinner was just your normal family chit chat and then we
all lounged around the house for the evening.  Steve and I watched some TV
and the boys were all in Sean and Colby's room playing video games.  Of
course we told them once the home work started to come, then no video games
until all home work was done.

The next day after school let out Sean and Colby headed to the school pool
to try out for the swim team.  After a short talk from the Coach they took
their turns demonstrating their swimming talents.  Colby was in a little
better shape and had more experience than Sean but they both impressed the
coach with their swimming.

After Sean and Colby had completed their try outs they sat in the bleachers
watching the other freshman take their turn.  Most of the guys headed
straight for the locker room to change and head home as soon as they
finished.  Sean and Colby figured they would stay and watch the other guys
so they could get a feel for their competition.  As the last couple of guys
took their turns Colby said, "I think we have this in the bag bud.  I think
we are in better shape than most of these guys and I think we may have
impressed the coach by staying here instead of leaving as soon as we were
done."

"Yeah, I think you are right.  Did you see that guy doing laps on the other
side of the pool?  I wander if he is on the team.  He looks like he is very
good and hot.  You want to go get changed?"

About that time the coached walked up to Sean and Colby and said, "Hey you
two, just wanted to let you know that I think the both of you show a lot of
potential and even though the team roster won't be posted until tomorrow
and since you are still here, you two can go ahead and find a locker in the
team locker room.  You both made the team.  Congratulations.  Now get
going, as soon as Aaron is done with his laps I will need to lock up the
pool area.  You guys can find an empty locker and change and then leave out
the back door."

Sean and Colby both looked at each other with huge smiles on their faces.
The coach walked off and they both grabbed their stuff and headed to the
locker rooms.  Once in side the locker room the Sean grabbed Colby and gave
him a big hug and gave him a quick kiss on the lips.  Colby said, "Let's
find two lockers next to each other and then use the huge shower.  We have
a little while before dad will be her to pick us up."

After finding two lockers at the end of one of the back rows they took off
their swim trunks and walked to the shower with their shower soap and
towels.  They entered the shower to find two stands each with about ten
shower heads going around each one.  They turned on two right next to each
other and started to shower.  They decided they better not play in the
shower incase the coach or that Aaron guy could walk in at any time and
just as they predicted, they heard the locker room door open.

They saw a guy walk past the entrance to the shower area.  They assumed it
was the Aaron guy that coach had told them about.  Just then they heard the
door open again and heard the coach yell, "Aaron, I'm locking up, make sure
when you guys are done that the door is locked when you leave."

They heard Aaron answer, "No problem coach, see you tomorrow."

They then heard the door shut and then we saw Aaron walk into the shower
still in his speedo swim suit, and walk to the same set of showers that
Colby and Sean were using.  Both Sean and Colby couldn't take their eyes
off this gorgeous guy.  He was about 5'-8", about 145 lbs, black hair and
dark eyes and the nicest white smile.  His nice chest and stomach were
completely smooth and his skin was nice and tan with not one blemish on it.
As their eyes wandered down then could see the outline of a nice looking
soft dick about four inches long.

Aaron turned on the shower on the opposite side saying, "Hi, I'm Aaron,
congratulations on making the team.  Coach said he was impressed with your
willingness to stay for the entire tryout session."

Colby spoke first, "Hi, I'm Colby and this is my best friend Sean."

Sean added, "Hi.  We wanted to stay and see what our competition looked
liked.  Plus we have to wait for my dad to come pick us up after he gets
off work."

Aaron said, "That's cool, makes it a little easier when you are old enough
to get your drivers license."

Aaron had been letting the warm water run over his body while they chatted
and as both Sean and Colby watched; Aaron took his thumbs in his speedos
and pulled them down giving Sean and Colby a full view of his soft dick.

Sean didn't want to stare but couldn't help but notice how thick Aaron's
bush was.  He had never seen such a thick patch of jet black hair on a guy
before.  Sean wasn't sure but he thought Aaron's dick might be growing a
little as he looked.

Aaron said, "You got to make sure you rinse the chlorine out of your suite
every day or they won't last very long.  If any of the guys on the team see
a hole in your suite they will rip it off your body."

Aaron then hung his suite off the shower head and started to soap up and
asked, "So what stroke do you think you will swim?"

Sean answered, "We have no idea.  Coach said he liked our form in the free
style so I guess with will start there."

Aaron said, "That's what I swim.  The 50 and 100 meter free style."

Colby said, "That's cool, maybe you can give us tips on improving our
stroke."

Aaron said, "Sure I like helping the younger guys when they join the team.
One thing you both might want to think about is to trim up your bushes up a
little.  You don't what a bunch of hair hanging out all over when you wear
your speedo."

Sean looked down at his pubic hair and then over at Colby's and said, "You
think we need to trim these up?  They are not nearly as thick as your
bush."

Aaron answered, "Yeah, but I keep my bush trimmed.  I was hanging out all
over like you guys when I first started to swim.  I had no idea how to trim
it up so I had to ask my dad to help me."

Sean gasp, "Oh my God, you let your dad trim your bush?"

Aaron smiled and said, "Yeah, we are close and I was scared that I could
slip and cut something so I asked him to help.  He still helps me out a
couple of times a year."

Colby jumped in, "I can not imagine having my dad trim my pubs for me.  Did
you get hard?"

Aaron said, "Yeah, I get hard every time but my dad is very cool about it.
He said not to worry about getting hard and that it happens all the time to
young guys."

Sean said, "I could not imagine letting my dad trim my pubs."

Aaron said, "It was a little weird at first but know I kind of like it.
It's a lot easier having my dad do it for me.  And he does a much better
job."

As they were chatting about Aaron's dad trimming his pubs for him, Sean
realized that he was getting hard.  Sean looked over at Colby and could see
that he was getting hard also.  He then looked over at Aaron and saw that
his four inch soft dick was know standing straight out in front of him.
Sean bet it had to be at least seven inches and was straight as an arrow
and it seemed to be a little thicker in the middle.

Sean looked up at Aarons face as all three turned bright red.  Aaron just
laughed and said, "See my dad was right young guys get hard all the time."
They all started to laugh and Aaron continued, "A lot of the guys get hard
in the showers so don't worry.  But we need to get out of here know, I have
to get home and I'm sure your dad will be here to pick you up soon."

The all walked out of the shower with their hard dicks leading the way.
After drying off and getting dressed they all walked out together just as
Steve drove into the parking lot.  Sean said, "There's our dad, it was nice
meeting you Aaron, will we see you here tomorrow?"

Aaron answered, "Cool, well practice don't start until next week but if you
want to impress the coach you can meet me here after school and we can get
in some laps in."

Colby said, "Cool, we will see you here tomorrow, later man."  Colby and
Sean jumped in the car with Steve with a huge smile on their face.  Steve
smile back saying, "Hey guys, it looks like try outs went well."

As they drove home Colby and Sean told Steve how they had impressed the
coach and made the team.  They also told him a little bit about meeting
Aaron.  They left out the part about them all getting hard in the shower.
They had to tell the whole story again at the dinner table for me and
Connor.  They didn't mind though, they both seamed to be very proud of
themselves.

That night while Colby and Sean lay in bed they chatted about the day's
events, with Sean's head lying on Colby's chest.  Colby slowly ran his
fingers through Sean's hair as the cuddled.  Colby said, "Do you think
Aaron is hot?"

"Hell yes, he has an amazing body and that thick bush of his was so cool."

"Do you think he is into guys?"

"I don't know, I wouldn't be surprised, he seemed to be very relaxed
talking about his dad trimming his bush."

"Yea, that is true.  Think we should ask our dads to help us with our
bushes?"

"Maybe but I just got a nice bush started, I don't want to trim it if I
don't need to.  Besides I like playing with your bush."  With that Sean
moved his hand and started to run his fingers through Colby's pubic hair
working his way down to Colby's hardening dick.

Colby pulled Sean up so they could make out and then rolled Sean over on
his back so he could lie on top of Sean so they could rub their hard dicks
together.  Colby slowly moved his hips and was soon leaking precum.  Sean
reached down between them and pushed Colby's dick down below his balls so
Colby's dick was sliding between Sean's legs.  Colby started to pick up
some speed as they made out with his boyfriend.  It wasn't long before
Colby was pumping his hard dick hard and fast between Sean's legs bringing
him close to his orgasm.  Just before Colby's dick started to shoot his boy
juice he pulled his dick out from between Sean's legs and shoot all over
Sean's dick soaking it with cum.

Once Colby caught his breath he grabbed a hold of Sean's dick and started
jacking him off using his own cum as lube.  Colby was kissing Sean the
whole time as Sean moaned and wrestled with his tongue.  It only took a
couple of minutes before Sean was shooting all over his chest and abs.
Once Sean caught his breath Colby went to the bathroom to get a warm wash
cloth to clean his boyfriend and then crawled back in bed with him for some
cuddle time before they drifted off to sleep.

THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 42)

Date: Wed, 9 Feb 2011 07:25:40 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 20

I looked over at Sean and could see the tears building in his eyes.  Sean
cleared his throat before he spoke, "I'm so glad that you have fixed things
with your dad.  I'm going to be sad that you are not going to staying with
us but I'm glad that things are going well with your parents.  And we will
still get to hang right?"

As a tear rolled down Sean's cheek, Colby pulled Sean into a hug and
whispered, "Thanks for being such a great friend, I love you so much."

Conner jumped in to lighten the mood, "Will you just kiss him and get it
over with.  Man you two are such girls!  You both know that you will be in
all the same classes at school and hang out after school.  The only thing
you won't be doing together is sleeping in the same bed!"

We all laughed a little as Colby gave Sean a small peck on the lips as they
both wiped their eyes.

Colby and Sean spent the rest of the night in their room as Connor hung out
with Steve and me in the living room.  About 10pm the boys said there
goodnights and headed off to bed.  Steve and I were right behind them.  We
were both off the next day and planned to take the boys out to get the
school supplies and some new clothes.

********** Chapter 20 *********

About one in the morning I was awakened by a loud clap of thunder.  It
looked like we were in for another Texas thunderstorm.  As I lay awake
watching the lighting and listening to the thunder and rain, Steve rolled
over and pulled me in close to him with his head on my chest.  He
whispered, "If this storm lasts very long we are going to have a couple of
boys hopping into bed with us."

"I was just thinking the same thing, but I figured we would only have
Connor since Sean has Colby in bed with him."

"Yeah, maybe."

The next bolt of lightning struck close and the thunder clap shook the
house.  I heard Connor's door fly open hitting the wall as he was in a full
run to our room.  Steve heard it as well and had already sat up and had
pulled the covers back on his side of the bed so Connor could jump right
in.  Connor opened our door and flew right to Steve's side of the bed with
Max right behind him, who jumped up on the bed and took his place at the
foot of our bed.

Just as Connor had settled in, lighting struck very close again followed by
another clap of thunder that shook the house.  Less than thirty seconds
later Sean was standing at our open door holding Colby's hand.  I just
smiled as they stood there in the dark, naked as the day they were born,
holding hands with a scared look on both their fourteen year old faces.  I
pulled my covers back motioning for them to jump in bed with us.  Sean
pulled Colby in with him as he walked to my side of the bed.  Just as they
were about to climb in bed with us lighting flashed again and I got a nice
clear look at both of their privates and what I saw made me start to go
hard instantly.

I had seen both of their dicks before earlier in the summer, but from a
distance.  From up close I could tell that Sean had grown quite a few more
black pubs and was filling out nicely.  I would guess that his soft dick
was a good three inches long now.  Colby was about the same size but with a
lighter and a very thick patch of hair above his three inches.

With Colby in tow by the hand, Sean came to my side of the bed and climbed
in.  He scooted all the way over next to me to make room for Sean.  Sean
seemed a little nervous climbing in bed naked with Steve and me.  I scooted
over as close as I could get to Steve and Sean pulled Colby into bed with
us.  Once Colby was in we all covered up and tried to settle in.  Steve was
lying on his right side with Connor pulled up to his front side.  I rolled
over to spoon up against Steve with Sean's back side up against my back
side.  Sean was lying on his left side pushed up against me with Colby also
on his left side, spooned up against Sean.  All five of us and Max all in a
queen size bed.

It was a good thing that I was spooned up against Steve and not Sean
because after getting a peek at his cute soft cock and feeling his warm
body rubbing up against my back side I was hard as a rock. Steve was having
a little fun with me as he reached back and gave me a hard squeeze and then
positioned my dick between his upper thighs.  Then he would move his butt
back and forth causing my dick to start to leak pre cum providing lube
which even made it more sensitive.  I had to tell Steve to stop or I was
going to cum all over his thighs.  Steve just laughed and stopped.  I guess
he figured if he kept going and I nutted we would have to explain to Connor
what the warm wet stuff was that was all over him.

The storm lasted another good hour before it started to let up.  Once it
was over everyone fell back into a deep sleep.  It was a little crowded in
our queen size bed with two adults, three boys and one dog, but it felt
nice to have everyone in one bed.

About six in the morning I woke up as the sunshine started to light the
room.  I had to pee like a race horse but was having trouble figuring out
how I was going to get out of the bed without waking anyone with Steve and
Connor on one side of me and Sean and Colby on the other side of me.  After
rearranging some arms and legs I was able to climb out without waking the
boys.  Steve did mumble something about coming right back to bed.

After empting my bladder and letting Max outside, I started the coffee
before going back to the bedroom to put some shorts on.  With me out of the
bed, Sean and Colby had rolled over on their backs and both of their
morning hardons were making quite the tent.  I just smiled as I pulled on
my shorts and headed back out to enjoy a nice quiet cup of coffee.

Steve was the next one up out of bed.  We had a chance to sit and have a
nice cup of coffee before the boys woke up.  We really like these quiet
mornings together.  Just as we were about to pour our second cup, all three
boys came walking out of our bed room, all three naked as the day they were
born.  They casually walked to their bed rooms to slip on some boxers
before returning to the kitchen asking about breakfast.  Teenage boys,
always hungry... got to love it.

After breakfast Steve and I took all three boys to the mall to do some back
to school shopping.  Colby insisted that we not buy him anything since he
would be moving back with his parents in the coming weeks.  Steve and I
told him that as long as he was living at our house he was one of our boys
and even when he moves back with his parents he will still be one of our
boys.  We insisted that he get what he wanted and needed for school.

Each of the boys picked out a few pair of new shorts, and shirts along with
a new pair of shoes.  We also got some new backpacks and other school
supplies for the boys.  After stopping to get some lunch we ended up back
at the house and the boys got all their stuff put away and readied for
school which started the next Monday.

That weekend we decided to spend the last weekend of summer break at our
favorite spot at the lake.  We left Friday as soon as everyone was home,
stopping to pick up Hunter on the way.  We arrived at the lake with plenty
of time to get in some skiing and tubing before it got dark.

We were the only ones in the secluded cove again and with it being so warm
we spent most the evening after dinner wading around in the cove, naked of
course.  Around 10 PM or so the camp host stopped by and chatted with us
for a while.  Not sure if he noticed the six pair of swimming trunks lying
on the ground at the water's edge or not.  If he did he didn't say
anything.  Glad he didn't want to shake hands.

After he left we figured it was time to hit the sack and with all four boys
now being comfortable with each other and Steve and I, we all walked out of
the water without covering up.  When the boys each walked to their tents I
noticed that none of them put anything on when they went to bed.

It was too hot to enjoy any sex that night.  If you tried to cuddle, all
you did was sweat all over each other.  It must have been about three in
the morning when it finally cooled off enough to be able to sleep
comfortably.  I woke up and had to pee.  After walking to a nearby tree and
relieving myself, I heard Connor's voice.  Still naked, since I didn't
bother to put on anything when I got up to pee, I quietly walked over to
Connor's tent.  With the heat none of us had put the rain flies over our
tents so when I walked up to Connor's tent I could see through the screen.
When I peeked in I saw that Connor had a hold of Hunters four inch hard on
slowly stroking it.  At first I couldn't tell if Hunter was awake or not
but then I heard Hunter say, "Please don't stop Connor.  This feels
amazing."

Connor whispered, "I won't, but you have to be quiet so we don't wake up my
dads or brothers.  You promise to do me after you shoot right?"

"Yeah, I promise, just don't stop.  I'm getting close man."

As I watched, Connor sped up his efforts, his fist pumping Hunter's dick as
fast as he could.  I saw Hunter's body go stiff as he started shooting his
watery boy juice all over his stomach and chest.  Connor kept pumping
Hunter's dick until Hunter said, "Dude you have to stop.  It's too
sensitive."  Connor reached over to the corner of the tent and grabbed a
t-shirt, wiping the cum off his hands before cleaning Hunter's chest and
stomach off.

Once Connor finished cleaning Hunter up, Hunter rolled over on his side and
took hold of Connor's rock hard dick and started stroking.  Connor lay back
ready to enjoy the new feelings of his friend's hand stroking his dick.  It
only took a couple of minutes before Connor was moaning under his breath as
he warned Hunter that he was close to cumming.  A few more strokes and
Connor shot his water load all over his smooth chest.  After Connor came
down off his orgasmic high, Hunter used the same t-shirt to clean Connor
up.  Hunter lay back down and asked Connor, "How was it?"

Connor answered, "It felt amazing.  Sean was right.  Having someone else
jack you off feels a lot better than doing it yourself."

"Yeah, it was great.  Think we can do it again sometime?"

"Hell yeah, if you want to.  We better get back to sleep now though."  With
that, they pulled the sheet they had up over the two of them and settled
back in to get some sleep.

I walked back to our tent and crawled back in lying back down next to
Steve.  As I pulled our sheet back over us Steve whispered, "You ok?"

"Just had to pee, I will tell you about it in the morning."  With the sheet
covering us I snuggled up to Steve and went back to sleep with the images
of Connor and Hunter in my mind.

The next morning Steve and I got up before the boys and enjoyed a cup of
coffee as we watched the sun come up over the lake as Max ran up and down
the lake front.  As we sat there I told Steve about what I saw Conner and
Hunter doing.  Steve just smiled and said, "It looks like big brother is
schooling him on the friends with benefits thing.  I think Connor and
Hunter are more into girls and may just be experimenting."

"Yeah, I think your right.  We may have to have a talk with them though.
Just to let them know that what they are doing is normal and a lot of boys
do it as they are growing up."

Before long we heard the boys getting up and before long we had four boys
standing next to us at the water's edge.  Sean asked, "What are we having
for breakfast?"

Steve just laughed, "Is food the only thing you boys think about?"

Colby jumped in saying, "That and sex!"

Steve had just taken a sip of coffee and spit it all over the ground when
Colby answered his question.  After Steve composed himself, he said, "Well
can't help you with that but we are having bacon and eggs for breakfast."

Sean grabbed Colby's hand and said, "Come on Colby let's make breakfast for
our dads."

All four boys ended up helping make breakfast.  Steve and I told them we
would do the clean up as they changed into their swimming trunks and got
the boat ready for some fun on the lake.  We took our lunch with us so we
could stay out on the lake all day.

The sun was just going down as we pulled back into our secluded cove.  When
we pulled in we found we had some company.  It looked like we had another
family invade our little cove.  Looks like no skinny dipping tonight.

Steve and I grilled some nice steaks with all the trimmings.  Food tastes
so much better outside.  After dinner we all went back to the lake to cool
off in the water.  This time we were all wearing our swimming trunks since
our new neighbors were also in the water.

We found out that the family was just passing through as they traveled to
south Texas to visit family.  They were a Hispanic family with two kids,
one girl and one boy, both a little younger than our boys.  Steve and I
chatted with the parents as all the kids played a game of keep away in the
water.

About 10 we invited them up to our campsite for beer and sodas.  As we sat
and chatted I noticed that Connor seemed to be paying more attention to the
girl who was about a year younger than him at 11.  She was obviously an
early bloomer in the chest department and I think that is what had Connor's
attention.  Her younger brother seemed to enjoy having boys to hang out
with as he was following Sean and Colby everywhere.

It was nice to talk with them, but it kind of spoiled any plans any of us
had for having some fun after we went to bed as they were camped very close
to us.  When the boys came to Steve and I to give us our hugs, we told all
four of them no playing around in the tents tonight since we had a family
camped so close.  I watched the faces of Connor and Hunter when Steve told
them no playing around and both boy's faces went beat red.  Steve and I
just smiled at each other as we watched the boys walking back to their
tent.  We heard Hunter ask Connor, "Do you think they know what we did last
night?"

Connor answered back, "I don't think so, but they know Sean and Colby mess
around so even if they did they wouldn't care."

The next morning as we were making breakfast we saw the other family doing
the same.  Steve went over and asked them how long they planned on staying
and if they would like to join us on the boat this morning.  When Steve
came back he told me, "They were planning on leaving around lunch time and
they said they would love to join us as long as we were back so they could
be on the road by noon or so."

I said, "That won't be a problem.  We were planning on leaving about the
same time.  Since tomorrow is the first day of school I don't think we
should stay out too late."

After we were all done with breakfast we all loaded up on the boat and
cruised around the lake.  The boys showed our guests how to ride the tubes
and made sure to let our guests ride as long as they liked.  It was funny
how Connor was never too far from our guest's daughter.

We got back in time for our guests to get on the road.  After they left, we
got our stuff packed and headed back to the house.  After getting
everything put away and everyone showered we just hung out around the
house.  The boys spent the rest of the day playing video games while Steve
and I watched some TV along with a nap or two.

---

Untitled (Chapter 43)

Date: Thu, 3 Feb 2011 14:39:56 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve 19

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.

Take Car,

MIKE


From the Last Chapter:

"Yeah, I so wanted to fuck that fine ass of yours, but with Sean and Colby
just across the pond I figured we better keep it a little on the quiet
side.  You know how loud you can get when I am fucking you."

"Ha, ha, ha, yeah I can't help myself.  It feels so good when you pound my
ass, but I love it when you make me cum just by fucking me in the ass.  Do
you think Sean and Colby have fucked yet?

"I don't think so.  They are still a little young and it sounds like they
have only been together for a few months or so.  I would be willing to bet
they haven't moved beyond the mutual blow job, but I also think they love
each other and will be trying anal someday."

**********
Chapter 19
**********

On the other side of the pond Sean and Colby where also cuddling with each
other after exchanging blow jobs.  As soon as David and Eric were out of
sight, Sean rolled over on top of Colby and started kissing him.  Sean
loves to make out with Colby, loves the smoothness of Colby's lips on his
lips, the taste of Colby's tongue when he pushes it into his mouth.  Sean
then moved down to Colby's nipples sucking each one, causing them to become
erect.  Sean then moved down Colby's six pack, tracing each individual
muscle with the tip of his tongue.  Sean licked his way down past Colby's
belly button to the place he's wanted all day.  Sean made quick work of
bringing his boyfriend to orgasm, taking his load, swallowing everything
Sean could give him.

As soon as Colby's breathing returned to normal, Colby rolled Sean over
onto his back and went to work on his dick.  Sucking him all the way to his
pubs, while he played with Sean's balls, which were hanging pretty low
after warming up in the afternoon sun.  Colby let his hand roam all over
his boyfriend's body as he let Sean start to face fuck him.  Sean knew he
wouldn't last long and took hold of Colby's head with a hand on each side,
holding Colby's head still, so he could pump his dick in and out of Colby's
hot mouth.  It only took Sean about two minutes before his boy juice was
racing through his rock hard cock and shooting into his boyfriend's mouth.
Colby had to swallow twice due to the amount of cum Sean shot.  As Sean
began to recover from his orgasmic high, Sean continued to suck every drop
out.  Sean had to pull Colby off his hyper sensitive dick and pulled him up
so they could make out for a while as he came down off his orgasmic high.

Sean and Colby were still making out when David and Eric walked up from the
other side of the pond.  David cleared his throat to announce their
presence and Sean and Colby both jumped a little, their faces turning beat
red.  Eric said, "You two are so cute.  Don't let us stop you, but we do
need to start back in a few minutes or we will be late for dinner."

Colby rolled off of Sean as they both looked up at Eric and David standing
over them still naked with their soft dicks hanging over their balls. David
said, "We should get dressed and start back.  Hope you guys had as much fun
as we did."

All four got dressed as the chatted back and forth and then went to get the
horses that were still grazing nearby.  On the way back the boys chatted
mostly about how Eric and David met, how they liked working at the ranch.
Eric also asked Sean and Colby how they met, what kind of stuff they like
to do, and about how they felt about starting high school.

Before long they were back at the ranch and got the horses brushed down,
fed, watered and but away just in time for dinner.  They walked back to the
dining hall and found the rest of us sitting on the front porch chatting.
Steve asked, "Hey guys did you have fun and get the fence fixed?"  Sean
answered, "Sure did.  We had the fence fixed pretty quickly and Eric and
David took up to a pond nearby and we got to take a swim to cool off.  We
had a lot of fun."

I smiled a little saying, "Sounds like you guys like this kind of work, but
you guys didn't take any swim suits, so what did you swim in?"  Me and
Steve watched Sean and Colby turn bright red as they realized we knew what
happened.

Sean just said, "Daaaaaaaaaaaaad!  We've skinny dipped before so what's the
big deal?"

Steve said, "It's no big deal, it's just we are a little surprised you went
skinny dipping with David and Eric that's all."

"They are really cool and we really like them."

About that time Jose walked up the porch and we all went inside for dinner.
Maria had prepared another great meal.  We loved the way everyone sat
around tables in one big room and ate as one big family.  After dinner, our
four boys volunteered to help Maria with the cleanup.  Sure makes a dad
proud when you see your teenage sons step up and volunteer to help in that
way.

After everyone was finished with dinner, most everyone hung out on the big
front porch of the dining hall.  It looked like this building was more of
the hang out for everyone than just a dining hall.  We got the chance to
chat with some of the other guys and girls that were staying at the ranch.
Our four spent most of their time with Eric and David.  They seemed to have
made two new close friends.

As the night went on everyone went their own ways and before you knew it,
it was just us adults sitting in the rocking chairs and chatting.  The boys
along with Eric and David went into the kitchen and got some apples and
carrots and then walked over to the barn to give the horses a treat.  Just
as it was getting dark, we saw the boys leaving the barn and heading
towards the bunk house we were using.  Steve and I along with Jose and
Maria walked over to the bunk house so the boys could say good night to
them before they headed back to their cabin.

We sent the boys in to take showers because they really needed it.  All
four have become so comfortable with each other that there was no
hesitation at all for them to strip down and walk into the shower talking
and joking with each other.  Sean and Colby shared a shower and this time
Hunter and Connor also shared a shower.  Each helped their shower partner
wash their backs and before you knew it all four were boned up.  After a
little joking and dick slapping the boys finished up and walked to the bed
room to put some clean boxers on before heading to the living room to relax
while Steve and I took our showers.

It had been a really long day and before long the boys were giving Steve
and me our good night hugs and went off to their room.  The boys chatted
for a while lying in bed, Sean and Colby sharing of course and Hunter and
Connor in their own beds.  Steve and I were right behind them.  All of us
were so tired from the day's activities that no one was even thinking about
sex.  As the boys chatted, Sean and Colby cuddled with Sean's head lying on
Colby's chest, slowly running his hands over Colby's six pack abs.

In our bed room Steve and I were doing the same, me with my head on Steve's
chest slowly running my hand over his flat stomach.  I asked Steve,
`Wouldn't it be nice to have a place like this back home?  I would love to
spend the day working on a ranch and having kids that need some help and
maybe a second chance stay in a place like this.  To help them find
themselves and learn some responsibility."

Steve answered, "Yeah that would be cool. I love how everyone is treated as
family here.  It sounds like some of these kids here would have ended up in
jail or out on the streets if they weren't staying here. Maybe we can find
some land for sale back home and see if we can make that happen."

"You think?  It would be so cool." I said.  We laid there talking about
different ideas before falling asleep.

Sunday morning we got up and headed to breakfast.  Just as before, Jose
would come in and said a blessing and then we would all fill our plates.
After everyone had finished and cleaned up after themselves, Jose said,
"OK, we need to get the morning chores done and then everyone back here
dressed for church by 10AM."

After all the kids left and headed to the barn, Jose told us, "On Sunday we
all meet up for church at 10AM.  We have a couple of vans for all the kids,
but you guys are more than welcome to follow in your truck if you would
like to go with us.  We think it is important for everyone to attend
church, and most of the kids like the youth group they have."

Steve said, "We would love to join you."

At church the boys sat with Eric and David and all the other kids.  It was
a nice service and everyone seemed to be very nice.  After church we headed
back to the ranch and got ready for the drive back home.  The boys were
busy following David and Eric around.  I think they have found some good
friends.  We finally got the boys to say goodbye to Eric and David and to
Jose and Maria so we could get on the road for drive back home.

We dropped Hunter off at his house and then the rest of us headed back to
our place.  The boys spent the rest of the afternoon playing video games.
I guess they needed their fix of video games since they had been without
them for a couple of days.  Steve and I lounged around the house
occasionally talking about how we would like to have our own ranch where we
could bring kids that needed some place to stay and get some help.

It was back to work for Steve and I on Monday.  The boys had one last week
of summer vacation left before school started.  As the week went on Steve
and I noticed that Sean and Colby seemed to be getting nervous about
starting high school.  Connor also seemed a little nervous to have to do
his last year of middle school without his big brother in the same school.

Colby had his weekly appointment with his counselor along with his parents.
I got a call from his counselor on Thursday and was told that he believed
that Colby and his parents were ready to be reunited and he had contacted
Colby's CPS worker to let her know as well.

When I picked Colby up from his appointment he was very quiet on the way
home and I could tell that he was in deep thought about something.  I
asked, "You OK, Colby?  You seem to be struggling with something."

Colby just stared down at his lap as he said, "My counselor said he thinks
I should move back in with my parents."

"Well that is a good thing right?"

"Yes, I want to move back in with them.  I just don't want to hurt Sean and
I don't know how to tell him. Will you and Steve be there and help me tell
him?"

"Of course we will.  I'm sure that he will understand that you want to live
with your parents.  He will be sad that he doesn't have you with him all
the time but I think he will be fine with it."

"I hope so."

"Let's have a family talk after dinner tonight.  How's that sound?"

"Ok.  Can we have hamburgers?"

"Sure."

When Steve arrived home I told him about Colby so he was on board.  We
called the boys in from playing basketball for dinner and all set at the
table for some great homemade hamburgers.  As we were finishing up I looked
over at Colby who looked like he was going to explode.  The look in his
eyes told me that he wanted someone else to start the conversation about
him going back home, so I took the hint.

"Colby how did your meeting go with your counselor and parents?"

"Ummm, it went good I guess.  My dad and I have worked everything out and
mom and dad want me to come back and live with them."

Steve jumped in and said, "Well that is good.  We all just want you to be
happy and safe."

Colby continued, "My counselor said that he was going to talk with
Ms. Johnston about me moving back with my parents."

I said, "Did he say when that might happen?"

Colby answered, "Maybe as soon as next week."

I looked over at Sean and could see the tears building in his eyes.  Sean
cleared his throat before he spoke, "I'm so glad that you have fixed things
with your dad.  I'm going to be sad that you are not going to staying with
us, but I'm glad that things are going well with your parents.  And we will
still get to hang right?"

As a tear rolled down Sean's cheek, Colby pulled Sean into a hug and
whispered, "Thanks for being such a great friend, I love you so much."

Conner jumped in to lighten the mood, "Will you just kiss him and get it
over with.  Man you two are such girls!  You both know that you will be in
all the same classes at school and hang out after school.  The only thing
you won't be doing together is sleeping in the same bed!"

We all laughed a little as Colby gave Sean a small peck on the lips as they
both wiped their eyes.

Colby and Sean spent the rest of the night in their room as Connor hung out
with Steve and me in the living room.  About 10pm the boys said there
goodnights and headed off to bed.  Steve and I were right behind them.  We
were both off the next day and planned to take the boys out to get the
school supplies and some new clothes.


THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE EMAIL ANY COMMENTS.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 44)

Date: Tue, 25 Jan 2011 20:04:18 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve 18

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

Thanks for reading and please email me with any comments.  Please let me
know where you are at in the world and a little bit about yourself.  A big
thanks to Jim T for his editing services.

Take Car,

MIKE


From the Last Chapter:

I had nudged Steve as Connor and Hunter were talking.  Steve smiled at me
indicating he understood.  After we finished lunch we all walked back out
to the horses and Steve said, "I think Mike and I have had enough riding
for today.  I think we will hang out here while you guys go for another
ride."

Connor saw his chance to safe face saying, "That's cool dad, Hunter and I
will stay back with you and Mike to keep you company.  Maybe we can find a
board game to play or something."

Eric looked over at Sean and Colby and said, "Your grandfather told us we
have to ride out to the back pond to repair a fence.  If you two want you
can ride along."

Sean looked at Colby who smiled and said, "Yeah we would like to help if
you don't mind us tagging along."


**********
Chapter 18
**********

David said, "Cool, lets head out, it's a good ride and might take most of
the afternoon."

Sean and Colby both had already tightened up their saddles and were
climbing on their horses as Sean said, "Is it alright if we go with Eric
and David, dad?"

Steve said, "Sure.  Have fun."

David said, "If you guys want to lead your horses over to the barn and see
Dallas, he will help you put them away."  With that the four of them headed
off.

Eric asked Sean and Colby, "You two good with doing some faster riding?  If
we make good time we might have time to stop by the pond after we mend the
fence."

Sean and Colby both said they were good and they all kicked their horses
into a nice gallop and after several minutes they were nearing the pond.
David showed Sean and Colby the pond and then said "Let's find this fence
and get it fixed and then come back here to take a break."

The four rode along the fence and soon found the spot that needed repaired.
Eric pulled out the tools and supplies that they would need to repair the
fence from his saddle bags.  Between the four of them they had the fence
repaired in no time at all.  Once they were finished, they all jumped back
on their horses and rode the short distance back to the pond they had
passed earlier.  After letting the horses get a drink from the pond they
tied the horses to long leads so they could graze nearby as the boys took a
break in the shade.

Eric and David took their bedrolls off their saddles and the four boys
walked down to the pond.  Eric and David spread the blankets out on the
ground under a big shade tree next to the water's edge.  The four boys sat
down to enjoy the coolness of the shade, a great relief from the August
heat.

After talking back and forth about random things, Eric said, "I think I'm
going to take a dip in the pond to cool off.  Anyone want to go with me?"

David looked over at Sean and Colby and said, "I'm in.  How about you two."

Colby said, "Sounds fun, but we didn't bring any swimming shorts."

David said, "We come out here all the time and swim naked.  You guys have
never skinny dipped before?"

Sean said, "Yeah we have, one time when my dads took us camping at a lake
near our house.  It was fun."

Eric looked at Sean and said, "You said dads, are Mike and Steve a couple?"

"Yeah.  You don't have a problem with that do you?"

Eric looked over at David who gave him a little nod giving Eric the
permission he was seeking.  "Hell no we don't mind.  David and I are both
gay and we are also boyfriends."

Sean looked at Colby before saying, "That is cool.  Colby and I think we
are bi, and have fooled around a little.  I guess you could say we are
boyfriends but we have both decided that we are going to take things slow
since we are so young.  We both like girls also so we are just enjoying
fooling around for now."

David stood up as he said, "That's cool, but are you going swimming with
us?"  David was already taking off his shirt.  Colby and Sean couldn't help
but notice David's six pack abs and the dark treasure trail that ran down
into his jeans.  As they stared, David undid his jeans and started to
squirm out of the tight jeans.  David took his jeans and boxers down at the
same time.  Colby and Sean watched as David's soft cock came into view.
They could see that David was uncut and the foreskin came to a point just
past the head of his dick.  They figured it must have been about three
inches soft and both wondered how big it was hard.  They watched as David
pushed his jeans down exposing his legs that were covered in dark hair.

As David was pulling his jeans and boxers over his feet, Colby and Sean saw
Eric doing the same.  Eric had taken off his shirt showing off his smooth
chest and abs.  They watched as Eric undid his jeans and pushed them down
exposing his three inch cut dick.  They noticed Eric was completely smooth
with no signs of pubic hair around his dick or balls.  Eric's legs were
also completely smooth.

David and Eric stood there naked in front of the two boys smiling at them.
Colby and Sean both jumped when David said, "Hey! Are you two just going to
stare at us or are you going to join us?"  With that said they both took
off running for the water and dove under the water, surfacing a few feet
later.

Colby and Sean smiled at each other and both stood and quickly undressed.
As they pulled down there jeans they both realized they were both hard
after watching David and Eric undress in front of them.  They looked at
each other for a moment and then took off running for the water, diving in
just as David and Eric did, surfacing just a couple of feet from their new
friends.

The four of them played around in the cool water for a good thirty minutes
or so before they headed back to the blankets to sit and dry off.  None of
them thought to put their clothes back on each sitting there naked as the
day they were born chatting back and forth.  After they had dried off,
David stood up and pulled Eric up off the blanket they were sharing.  David
looked down at Colby and Sean and said, "We have about an hour before we
have to be heading back.  You two mind if Eric and I walk over to the other
side of the pond for a little privacy.  We never get any privacy living in
the bunk house with all the other guys there.  You guys can swim some more
or just hang out here."

Colby said, "Yeah.  You two go have some fun, we just might do the same
here."

"Cool.  We had a feeling that you two might be together.  Enjoy yourselves.
We'll make lots of noise when we come back up the trail so we won't walk up
on you in the middle of something," Eric said as he took David's hand and
started walking down the trail with the blanket draped over his shoulder.

Once David and Eric walked around to the other side of the pond they spread
the blanket out on the ground under a shade tree.  They usually stay under
the tree where they can get into the water but they are normally alone when
they come out here.  Since Sean and Colby were here they had to find
another shade tree to make love under.

Eric lay down on the blanket with David lying down on top of him as they
started to make out.  After a few minutes David started moving down Eric's
smooth chest and abs, working his way down to his seven inch dick that
curved to the right, the head resting on Eric's right leg.  Eric grabbed a
hold of David's head as David sucked the head of his dick in his hot mouth.
With the curve of his dick the head slid down the side of David's cheek as
he popped up and down on it.  After a few minutes, Eric had to pull David
off so he didn't blow his load too soon.  They started to make out again
and then Eric rolled David over and started to kiss his was down David's
strong chest, working his way down his six pack abs all the way down to his
treasure trail.  Eric paused to run his tongue around David's belly button
which he knows drove him crazy, before he followed the treasure trail down
to David's eight inches.  Eric took as much as he could get in his mouth,
which was barely half of it.  After getting it good and wet with his mouth
he had to use his hand to help since there was no way he could get all
eight inches in his mouth.  He tried but just has not been able to get past
his gag reflex so he could swallow his boyfriends entire eight inches.  He
vowed to keep trying until he was able to, though.

Eric knew that they hadn't brought any lube with them so he knew he
wouldn't be climbing on top of David's massive pole today.  So he did his
best to pleasure his boyfriend with his mouth, tongue and hands.  He moved
down to David's balls and sucked each one in his mouth and gave both a nice
tongue bath before moving back up to his massive dick.  Eric set in to
bring his boyfriend to climax, sucking on his dick as he jacked him off,
running his hands all over his rock hard body.  It only took a few minutes
before David had his hands on the back of Eric's head holding it in place
as he pumped his dick into his boyfriend's mouth.  A few minutes later he
was shooting jet after jet of boy cream into Eric's mouth.  Eric tried to
swallow every drop but was unable to and some of it ran out his mouth
falling into David's black pubes.  After David finished, Eric continued to
suck wanting to get every drop out of David, as David's cock started to
soften just a little.

Eric climbed back up David's chest and started kissing again, sharing
David's juices with him.  David rolled Eric over and started kissing his
way down to Eric's curved dick.  This time he wasted no time in getting
down to business.  David was very good at sucking cock and had Eric racing
towards his orgasm in less than five minutes, taking Eric's load down his
throat.  With the curve of Eric's dick each shot would hit the inside of
David's cheek.  David loved the feeling of Eric shooting in his mouth and
after sucking every drop out of Eric he crawled back up and shared it with
Eric.

The two laid there enjoying the touch of each other as they came down off
their orgasmic high.  David looked into his boyfriend's eyes, stroking his
hair, as he said, "That was awesome as usual.  I just wish we had time for
you to fuck me."

"Yeah, I so wanted to fuck that fine ass of yours but with Sean and Colby
just across the pond I figured we better keep it a little on the quiet
side; you know how loud you can get when I am fucking you."

"Ha, ha, ha, yeah I can't help myself.  It feels so good when you pound my
ass, but I love it when you make me cum just by fucking me in the ass.  Do
you think Sean and Colby have fucked yet?"

"I don't think so.  They are still a little young and it sounds like they
have only been together for a few months or so.  I would be willing to bet
they haven't moved beyond the mutual blow job, but I also think they love
each other and will be trying anal someday."

---

Untitled (Chapter 45)

Date: Wed, 12 Jan 2011 19:00:20 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve 17

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2011.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services

THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL THE EMAILS WITH THE KIND AND POSITIVE COMMENTS.
PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHERE YOU ARE FROM IN YOUR EMAILS.  WOULD LOVE TO SEE
WHERE IN THE WORLD MY STORY IS BEING READ.  THANKS

MIKE

From Chapter 16

It took only minutes for Steve to bring me to orgasm as he let me pump my
dick into his mouth, shooting several streams of my man juice into his
mouth.  Just as Steve was sucking out the last drops of cum from my dick, I
could feel the large engorged head of his dick swell even bigger as Steve
pumped his massive load into my mouth.  I sucked every last drop out of
Steve's dick, running my tongue over the head, making Steve jump each time.
After a few swipes of my tongue Steve had to pull himself out of my mouth
since he knew I wouldn't let his over sensitive cock head alone.

I turned myself around and Steve rolled on top of me as we kissed, sharing
a little of each other's man juice as our tongues roamed around each
other's mouth.  After several minutes of making out, Steve slipped off to
his side of the bed and rested his head on my chest as we settled in for a
good night's sleep.


********** Chapter 17 **********

The next morning Steve and I got up a little after six.  I went out to the
kitchenette and put on some coffee as Steve did his business in the
bathroom.  As close as Steve and I had become over the last several months,
we both still liked our privacy while we took care of, well, you know what.
Steve came out just as I was pouring us both a cup of hot coffee and I went
in to take care of my business.

Steve stuck his head in the boys' room to wake them up.  Max was at his
usual place, right at the foot of Connor's bed.  Steve was a little
surprised to see Sean and Colby cuddled up to each other in bed since they
were sleeping in the same room with Connor and Hunter.  Steve couldn't help
notice the cute little smile on Colby's face as Sean was cuddled up against
Colby's backside.  Steve smiled as he thought to himself, "They both must
be having a nice sexy dream."

Max had jumped down off Connor's bed and headed to the door.  Steve had to
force himself to stop watching the boy's sleep and say, "Alright you four,
it's six thirty and you have twenty minutes to be ready for breakfast."
All four boys jumped a little as they heard Steve's announcement.  Steve
continued, "Let's go, let's go, up and at them."

All four boys started to stretch as they all got out of bed and headed for
the bathroom.  None of them even realized they were all still naked as the
day they were born.  They have become completely comfortable with each
other and it was just no big deal, even with their morning wood leading the
way for all four of them.  After they had all relieved themselves, combed
their hair, and brushed their teeth they all got dressed in jeans and tee
shirts.  By the time the boys were ready Steve and I had dressed and were
waiting outside on the front porch with Max.  All four boys grabbed their
new cowboy hats off the hooks as they came out.

You could smell the bacon and sausage in the air as we walked the short
distance to the chow hall.  As we walked inside, it looked as though all
the ranch hands were already inside.  Everyone was talking among themselves
and didn't even notice we came in through the door.  I noticed most of them
looked to be between 18 and 25 or so and most looked to be in very good
shape, all but three of them being guys.  All were wearing tight jeans and
long sleeve shirts and either work boots or cowboy boots.

Maria was working behind the counter with a big smile on her face.  A
couple of the ranch hands were behind the counter helping her.  Right at
seven, Jose walked in the front door, stopping to hang his hat on his hook
just inside the door.  Jose walked up to the counter and poured a cup of
coffee before walking behind the counter to give his wife a kiss on the
cheek.  I noticed that no one had sat down at the tables but were all just
hanging out talking with each other.  Jose came around to dining area again
and set his cup of coffee down at the table that the boys and Steve and I
were hanging around.  Jose cleared his throat before he said, "All right,
if everyone is ready we will say grace."  Jose paused to let everyone
settle down before he began, "Lord we thank you for this day and for all
that you have provided us.  We ask that you watch over us all as we go
about our days' work and studies.  We thank you for the food that you have
provided for our nourishment and for the hands that prepared it.  In Jesus
name we pray. Amen.  Before everyone fills their plates, I would like to
take a moment to introduce our guests.  This is Steve, my son-in-law, and
my two grandsons, Sean and Connor along with Steve's friend Mike and the
friends of the boys', Colby and Hunter.  Please make them welcome.  Oh and
Eric and David, since you two don't have class today would you mind making
sure these four boys earn their keep today."  Jose looked over at the boys
with a big smile on his face before he continued, "And if they do well,
maybe you can take them along with Steve and Mike here on a nice ride later
this morning.  Now let's eat, and here at our ranch our guests eat first."

Jose showed us the way; I couldn't believe the spread of food.  Maria
prepared scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage patties, fried potatoes, along with
waffles and pancakes.  There was also fresh fruit and just about anything
you wanted to drink.  We all filled our plates as we went down the line
followed by all the other ranch hands.  We returned to our table and sat
down for a great breakfast.  Jose and Maria joined us along with Eric and
David.  As Steve and I chatted with Jose and Maria the boys were talking
with Eric and David who both looked to be about 18 or 19 at best.  Eric had
dark hair and the bluest eyes I have ever seen and David had long blond
curly hair with blue eyes.  The boys seemed to have hit it off with both.

As everyone finished their breakfast they each took their plates around the
far end of the counter and after rinsing them off they each placed their
dirty dishes in the dishwasher.  The boys followed Eric and David as they
took care of their plates.  All four boys then followed them out the front
door after grabbing their cowboy hats and they all walked towards the barn
with Max who had eaten his breakfast out on the porch, in tow.

David and Eric led the boys over to the barn and had them help them with
their morning chores.  Steve and I stayed and had a nice chat with Jose and
Maria before walking over to the barn.  By the time we got over to the barn
it looked like the six of them had just about finished all the morning
chores.  Just as we walked in the barn, Sean was asking Eric, "Since we got
all the chores done do you think we can take a short ride before lunch?"

 "Don't see why not.  We have a couple of hours before lunch.  I know you
and Connor have ridden before.  How about you two?"  Eric said looking over
at Colby and Hunter.

Both Colby and Hunter answered no in unison before David jumped in with a
big smile on his face, "A couple of virgins here, I see.  We promise to
take it easy on you two the first time."  Colby and Hunter were blushing,
but they were not nearly as red as David was when he looked up and saw
Steve and me standing there, knowing we had heard what he had said.  Steve
and I just laughed along with the rest of them.

Eric helped Sean and Connor get the same horses that they had ridden in the
past out and saddled while David helped Colby and Hunter.  After Eric had
Sean and Connor all saddled up and out in the corral he came over and asked
Steve and I how much riding experience we had.  I said, "I rode quite a bit
as a kid but haven't been on a horse in many years."  Steve said, "It's
been several years but I was raised around horses."

Eric said, "Cool.  Well then Steve why don't you take No Non Sense over
there and Mike why don't you take Billy Bob in the next stall.  There are
saddles and everything you need is right next to their stalls.  Let me know
if you need any help."

As Steve and I got our horses saddled, me with quite a bit of help from
Steve, Eric and David gave Colby and Hunter some quick lessons before
grabbing what I assumed where their own horses.  Before long we were all
saddled up and out in the corral walking around letting the newbie's get
used to riding.  After a few minutes Eric opened the gate and David led us
towards a big open meadow.

David and Eric led us on a nice ride through some of the ranches meadows
and wooded areas.  After a couple of hours we were headed back for lunch.
It had been a long time since I had ridden so after a couple of hours I was
ready to get off for a while.  We arrived back just in time for lunch.  We
rode our horses right up to the chow hall, tying them off to the horse
rail.  Eric and David had us loosen the saddles on the horses before going
in for lunch.

After washing up for lunch, right at noon, Jose came in and led us in
prayer again before eating.  Again we were at the head of the line.  Maria
had all the makings laid out so everyone could make their own sandwich.  Of
course there was homemade potato salad and macaroni salad to go along with
the sandwiches.

As we ate, Sean asked Eric if they could do some more riding after lunch.
Eric smiled and said it was no problem.  Hunter leaned over to Connor and
said, "Dude, my legs are killing me.  Think we could skip the ride after
lunch?"

Connor said, "Yeah, I'm getting sore too.  Maybe we can find some board
game or something to do here while they go riding."

I had nudged Steve as Connor and Hunter were talking.  Steve smiled at me
indicating he understood.  After we finished lunch we all walked back out
to the horses and Steve said, "I think Mike and I have had enough riding
for today.  I think we will hang out here while you guys go for another
ride."

Connor saw his chance to save face saying, "That's cool dad.  Hunter and I
will stay back with you and Mike to keep you company.  Maybe we can find a
board game to play or something."

Eric looked over at Sean and Colby and said, "Your grandfather told us we
have to ride out to the back pond to repair a fence.  If you two want you
can ride along."

Sean looked at Colby who smiled and said, "Yeah we would like to help if
you don't mind us tagging along."

**********

Thanks for reading and for all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 46)

Date: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 23:30:40 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve 16

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

PLEASE EXUSE THE MISTAKE.  I MISTAKENLY POSTED THE WRONG CHAPTER FOR
CHAPTER 16 .  THIS IS THE MISSING CHAPTER.  SORRY FOR ALL THE CONFUSION AND
THANKS FOR LETTING ME KNOW.  THIS CHAPTER WAS NOT EDITED SO PLEASE EXCUSE
ANY MISTAKES.

MIKE



Colby just looked down at his cum covered now totally soft dick and then
back at Steve and I and then bolted for the bathroom.  We heard the water
running for a few minutes and then saw a flash of Colby's ass as he
sprinted back into Sean's room.  Colby jumped back into bed with Sean threw
the wash cloth at Sean and buried his face in his pillow.  Sean cleaned up
and asked Colby what was wrong.  Colby looked at Sean and asked, "Why
didn't you remind me that your dads are still up.  They saw me with covered
in our cum!"

Sean started laughing as he pictured Colby standing there in front of his
dads with nothing on with his abs and crotch covered in their cum.  Colby
jumped on top of Sean yelling at him, "It's not funny, It's not funny.
That is the second time Mike had seen me totally naked.  Quit laughing!"
After several minutes they finally were able to stop laughing and settled
down for a good nights sleep.  Steve and I walked to bed both laughing at
how much fun we were going to have with the boys with this, probably for
the rest of their lives.

*********
Chapter 16
*********

The next few weeks flew by in what seemed to be days instead of weeks.
Each night Steve and I would come home to a house full of teenaged boys.
Our house had become the local hang out it seemed.  Most nights I had to
wait a minute or two for the basketball game in our drive way to stop
before I could get the truck into the garage and Steve would usually have
to park in the street so play could continue until dark.

Most nights we had at least one or two of the boys staying for dinner.
Steve and I didn't mind at all, we loved to listen to the boys talk back
and forth about their basketball games, girls, or what happened at the
mall.  Of course feeding a house full of teenage boys was always a
challenge but Sean and Connor both made sure that everyone minded their
manners and took their turn to help me and or Steve in the kitchen.  I love
to cook so it was fun teaching some of the boys the basics and believe it
or not, a couple of them seemed to enjoy it as well.

Colby's appointments were going well.  Dr. Miller had asked his parents to
come to each weekly appointment with Colby.  I have not had time to sit
down with Colby to talk with him but I believe things are going well.  I
have noticed that Colby calls and talks with both his mom and dad each
night.  I believe that the day that Colby moves back with his parents is
coming very soon.  I just hope that Sean can handle that.

Our trip to San Antonio is this weekend.  I have Friday off so we have
planed to leave as soon as Steve got home.  Connor had asked if he could
invite Hunter.  Steve had him call his grandparents to ask and of course
they said yes.  We are all looking forward to spending the weekend
horseback riding on the horse ranch.

Friday evening we all loaded up in my truck with Connor drawing the short
straw to sit in the front between Steve and me.  Poor Max had to make the
ride in the back of the truck, but I don't think he minded too much.  What
dog doesn't like to ride in the back of a truck with the wind blowing in
his face?

We found our way up to Jose's little house near the barn with a little help
from Maria on the phone with Steve.  When we pulled up Maria came out of a
building across the drive from the house.  The boys all jumped out and went
to Maria and gave her a hug.  Of course a hug wasn't enough for her, she
had to kiss each boy on both cheeks as well as both Steve and me.  She
welcomed us all to the ranch, "Come into the chow hall, I just took some
cookies out of the oven for you boys and I will call Jose on the radio".

We all walked to the building Maria had come out of, going inside to find a
large dinning room with several large tables each sitting at least eight.
There was a large counter dividing the dinning area from the kitchen with
several large electric containers for serving hot dishes out of and a stack
of plates and silver ware at one end.  Maria went behind the counter into
the kitchen area telling everyone to take a seat.  She brought out a plate
full of freshly backed chocolate chip cookies saying, "I wasn't sure what
kind of cookies the boys like but I figured chocolate chip would be safe.
There's milk or soda down at the end of the counter in the machines.  Just
help yourself to what ever you would like.  I'm going to call Jose on the
radio and when he gets here he can take you to the small bunk house so you
can get settled."

After a few minutes, Maria came back and sat down with us as we ate our
cookies and waited for Jose.  Steve asked Maria, "How many people do you
feed here?"

"We only have twenty on staff right now, with the economy Mr. Smith has had
to let some go, normally I would feed about thirty plus any guests that
Mr. Smith might have at the ranch."

"I could not imagine feeding that many people three meals a day, it must be
a lot of work."

"I love to cook so I enjoy it.  I always wanted a big family but after I
had Angela, I was unable to have any more children.  When Jose got hired by
Mr. Smith I was asked to help out with the cooking for the crew.  I think
of each one of these young boy and girls as my own and I love cooking for
them, so it's a labor of love."

About that time Jose walked up the stairs and came in from the front porch
with a big smile on his face.  After hanging his cowboy hat on one of the
hooks inside the door, Jose walked over to Steve and I shaking both our
hands with a very firm grip.  "I see mama is spoiling these new young
cowboys already", as he went to each boy and messing their hair up with a
big smile.  We sat and chatted with Jose and Maria for a little as the boys
finished off the plate full of cookies.

"How about I show you guys where we are going to put you all up this
weekend." Jose said as he stood up putting his cowboy hat back on.  The
boys jumped up and Sean asked "Where do we put our glasses and plates
grandma?"  You could actually see Maria's eye light up when she heard Sean
call her grandma.  "You can just put them in the tub at the end of the
counter sweetheart; I will take care of them later."

We followed Jose out the front door, he paused to wait on all four boys
before he said, "Go get your bags out of your dad's truck and follow me."
We followed Jose down the road a bit to a building not to far from what I
assumed was their house.  "We're putting you guys up in the old bunk house.
It has everything you need, two bedrooms, bathroom, and shower along with a
small sitting area and kitchen area."

We walked up the two steps on to the covered front porch which had several
rocking chairs that were moving in the wind.  When we walked in the front
door into the sitting room, we found a few couches and over stuffed chairs
all in a south western style.  Opposite of the sitting area, towards the
back of the building was a small kitchenette and a door to what I assumed
was the bathroom and showers.  On either end of the building there was a
bedroom.

The boys all ran to the bedroom to the right as we walked in to claim a
bed.  When they went inside the bedroom, they found a large room with six
twin beds all made up with big pillows and all.  Each boy chose a bed, Sean
and Colby sat their bags on separate beds but the each knew they would
share one bed.  Steve and I went into the bedroom on the opposite end of
the bunk house and found a nice double bed at one end with two twin beds at
the other end of the room.  Any guess on what bed we planed on using.  Jose
waited for us out on the front porch and when we stepped out on the front
porch he said, "Come on lets go see the horses.  I have something for all
of you over in the barn."  The boys walked out in front of us, pushing each
other and kicking rocks, you know boys being boys stuff.

When we walked into the large barn Sean and Connor both ran to the stall
where the horse they used last time were, followed closely by Colby and
Hunter.  The stalls were right next to each other.  All the boys were
standing on the rails of the stalls, leaning over the top petting the
horses.  Sean said, "This one is Smoke, he was the one I rode last time and
that one is White Foot, he's the one Connor rode."

Connor cut in saying "Yea, see he has four white feet, grandpa said that's
where he got his name."

Jose went into a small room which served as his office and came out with
four white wicker cowboy hats tossing one to each of the boys saying,
"Can't have any of you cowboys getting all sun burned here so make sure you
keep these hats on."  Jose went back inside and came back out with two
more.  "I didn't for get you two." as he tossed a new cowboy hat to Steve
and me.  "Just remember to take them off in the chow hall or grandma will
get after you"

Jose asked the boys, "You guys want to help the crew get the horses fed and
stalls cleaned out.  You have to earn your keep if you want to ride
tomorrow."

All the boys said "Sure."

Jose yelled over to one of the guys working at the other end of the barn,
"David, take these four young cowboys here and put them to work."

The boys ran off to the other end of the barn to help out.  I asked Jose,
"So who are all these cowboys you have working here?"

"Mostly college kids.  Mr. Smith hires them to come out here to help with
the horses and the other ranch work.  It works out great for both Mr. Smith
and the kids.  They get free room and board while they go to school plus a
little money in their pocket.  Most of them are working on some sort of
degree related to ranching or want to be veterinarians.  We have fifteen
that stay out here at the ranch.  They stay in the larger bunk house down
the road from where we put you up.  The other five are married and stay in
town."

By the time Jose had finished, we had made our way back to our bunk house
and the three of use were sitting on the porch slowly rocking in our
rocking chairs.  I said, "I love the set up you guys have here.  I have
always dreamed of having a small ranch where I could have kids that needed
help come and stay.  I believe a little hard work and having to be
responsible for the care of another living thing is a valuable lessen many
of the kids out there don't get these days."  Steve and Jose both agreed
and we set and continued to chat back and forth for the better part of an
hour.  Maria came down from the chow hall and sat with us as we all
chatted.

It was starting to get dark by the time the boys came back from the barn.
We sat out on the porch for a little while longer before the mosquitoes
drove us inside.  We all said our good nights to Jose and Maria.  Jose
informed us that breakfast was at seven sharp in the chow hall before he
and Maria walked back to their house.

 Steve said, "You boys go get a shower, you all smell like horses.  Let us
know when you're done so Mike and I can shower."

The boys all went into their bedroom undressing as they went.  They all
grabbed their shower stuff and found the door to the bathroom in the back
of the bedroom. When they opened the door they found a small room with four
sinks on one wall and two urinals and two toilets on the other wall.  There
was a set of swinging doors that led into a large shower area with eight
shower heads.  Since the boys had showered together when we went camping
before, it was nothing new to them to shower together.  They all turned on
a separate shower but ended up helping each other soap up, talking about
how much fun they were going to have ridding the horses tomorrow.

Once out of the shower the boys pulled on a pair of clean boxers and came
out to the kitchen area to get something to drink.  Steve and I went into
our bedroom and after undressing we found the same bathroom set up on our
side of the bunk house as the boys but we only used one shower head.  I
love taking a shower with Steve; I love to wash his body from head to toe,
feeling his mussels as I run my washcloth covered hand over his entire
body.  We both agreed before hand that we needed to wait until the boys
were asleep before we had any fun but we couldn't help but make out for a
few minutes before we finished our shower.

After pulling on some boxers we joined the boys out in the sitting area.
The boys were not too happy about not having a TV to watch but they were
all content to listening to their ipods while looking at some skateboarding
magazines they had brought.  Of course Sean and Colby were sitting together
in one of the love seats while Connor and Hunter were sitting on one of the
larger sofas.  It wasn't long before the boys headed off to bed, each
stopping to give Steve and I a hug before they went off to their bedroom.

Steve found an old stereo and was able to find a country station on the
dial.  We sat on the couch together listening to the music.  Steve was
leaning up against me while I ran my fingers across his chest and abs.
While we sat there we could hear the boys talking quietly in their room as
they laid in bed in the dark.  I don't think they realized that we could
hear what they were saying.

Sean and Colby were sharing one of the twin beds while Connor and Hunter
each took a bed close to Sean and Colby.  Hunter asked Sean and Colby, "Are
you two boyfriends."

Sean answered, "I guess so we both like each other and we like fooling
around with each other."

 Connor said, "I don't know if I could fool around with another guy.  I
would love to fool around with a girl right now though."

Hunter chimed in, "Me too, I wish we had girl friends we could play around
with."

Colby joked, "You too wouldn't know what to do with a girl if you had one."

Connor said, "Yea I would, I would love to have a girl here stroking my
dick with her hand instead of using mine."

Sean laughed at his little brother asking him, "Are you stroking your dick
right now, with all of us in the same room!"

Connor answered, "Hell yea.  I'll bet you have your hand on Colby's dick
right now don't ya, and don't lie."

Of course as soon as he and Colby had climbed in bed and pulled the sheet
over each other, Sean had scooted up against Colby's back and reached
around and started playing with his cock.  Sean just laughed and said,
"What if I am."

Hunter said, "It's all good, it just sucks that Connor and I have to jack
ourselves off while you and Colby get to play with each other."

As Colby lie there getting his cock stroked by Sean he said, "You two can
always play with each other."

Hunter said, "I think I will just take care of myself thank you."

With that said the boys got quiet and down with the task at hand, no pun
intended.  Connor and Hunter both in their own beds where jacking their
three inch hard dicks to a quick finish, each blowing their watery loads
all over their stomachs.  Over in Colby and Sean's bed, Sean was jacking
Colby's dick as he rubbed his dick along the crack of Colby's ass cheeks.
Sean sped up the pumping of Colby's dick as he was about to blow his load
all over Colby's ass.  Colby reached back and pulled Sean into him when he
felt Sean's dick start to throb, pumping it's warm boy cream all over his
ass, which caused him to blow his load which he caught in his hand so he
didn't mess the sheets up.

It was over in just a couple of minutes and after they all came down off
their orgasmic high, Colby told Hunter, "Go get us a warm wet washcloth to
clean up with, Sean and I can't move right know without messing up the
sheets."

Hunter laughed a little before jumping out of bed and running into the
bathroom to get a washcloth.  After cleaning himself up he wet a second one
and went back into the bedroom, throwing one to Connor and one to Colby.  A
few minutes after the boys finished cleaning up Connor and Hunter where
sound asleep.  Nothing like a nice orgasm to relax you and ready you for a
good nights sleep. Of course Sean and Colby took a few minutes to make out
before they settled in for a good nights sleep.

Hearing the boys' high pitched moans as they each climaxed along with the
Steve's warm gorgeous body laying half on me as I caressed his chest and
abs, made me hard as a rock.  Steve didn't do anything to hide is
excitement either as his rock hard cock with its large head was sticking
out of the piss slit of his boxers.  I whispered into his ear, "Let's go to
bed so I can take care of you or you're not going to get any sleep
tonight."

Steve just smiled and after standing up, he turned around and pulled me up
hugging me tight, our rock hard cocks rubbing together and whispered back,
"Only if I can help you with your problem as well"

"It's getting late; maybe we should save some time and help each other out
at the same time."  Steve just coed in my ear and pulled me towards our
bedroom.

We spent several minutes making out before I started kissing my way down
Steve's smooth chest and six pack abs all the way to his hard cock which
was pointing straight up in the air.  As I started to lick the engorged
head, Steve started scooting down in the bed and reached down and started
pulling on my leg so I would turn my body to give him access to my hard
dick.  Once we got into position we started sucking on each other at the
same time.  Each taking the others cock as far down as possible.  It was
clear this was not going to be a long love making session but rather a fast
and furious animalistic suck off in order to reach our climax as fast as
possible.

It didn't take only minutes for Steve to bring me to orgasm as he let me
pump my dick into his mouth, shooting several streams of my man juice into
his mouth.  Just as Steve was sucking out the last drops of cum from my
dick, I could feel the large engorged head of his dick swell even bigger as
Steve pumped his massive load into my mouth.  I sucked every last drop out
of Steve's dick, running my tongue over the head, making Steve jump each
time.  After a few swipes of my tongue Steve had to pull himself out of my
mouth since he knew I wouldn't let his over sensitive cock head alone.

I turned myself around and Steve rolled on top of me as we kissed, sharing
a little of each other's man juice with each other as out tongues roamed
around each others mouth.  After several minutes of making out, Steve
slipped off to his side of the bed and rested his head on my chest as we
settled in for a good nights sleep.

---

Untitled (Chapter 47)

Date: Wed, 5 Jan 2011 17:46:05 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Chapter 15 Finding Steve in Gay Military

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services

HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A GREAT NEW YEAR!! NOW THAT THINGS
ARE GETTING BACK TO NORMAL I HOPE TO POST A NEW CHAPTER ABOUT ONCE A WEEK
OR SO.  THANKS FOR YOUR PATIENTS.

THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL THE EMAILS WITH THE KIND AND POSITIVE COMMENTS.
PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHERE YOU ARE FROM IN YOUR EMAILS.  WOULD LOVE TO SEE
WHERE IN THE WORLD MY STORY IS BEING READ.  THANKS

MIKE

From Chapter 14

Steve collapsed on top of me as our breathing started to return to normal
squishing Steve's cum between us.  After Steve caught his breath we began
making out again and Steve moved from my lips to my face, licking up the
cum that had landed on my face.  Steve returned to my mouth, sharing his
cum with me as he stuck his tongue inside my mouth.  After a few minutes I
could feel my softening dick slip out of Steve's ass as we lay there
kissing for several minutes.  I rolled Steve over on his back while
climbing out of bed to get a warm wash cloth to clean us up.  After
cleaning up the cum off my chest and stomach, I went back to bed and
cleaned Steve's chest, abs and soft dick with the warm wash cloth before
climbing back in bed with Steve.  I pulled Steve into me to cuddle with him
with his head lying on my chest as I whispered, "I love you so much.  That
was so awesome."

While Steve ran his hand round my chest and stomach he said, "I love you
too, and you're right; it was awesome."  Steve raised up on his elbow and
looked into my eyes saying, "I am so grateful that you allowed me and the
boys to move in here with you.  There is no other person I would rather
raise my boys with than you.  You are so awesome, and being with you has
never felt so right.  I love you so much!"  I pulled Steve into one more
kiss and told him I loved him too before he lay his head back on my chest
as we settled in for a good night's sleep.

********* Chapter 15 *********

The next morning we all got up and went to church.  Steve and I had decided
we should start getting back to church several weeks ago and had gotten the
boys interested in the youth group at the church.  Jose and Maria met us at
the church and then after the service we all went out for lunch.  During
lunch we made some plans for a trip to San Antonio to see Jose and Maria
and do some horseback riding on the ranch they worked on.  After we
finished lunch Jose and Maria said their goodbyes so they could make the
drive back to San Antonio.  I noticed Jose pulled Colby into a hug after
hugging Sean and Connor, giving Colby a pat on the back and welcoming him
to the family.

Colby had been talking with his mother almost daily since he started living
with us but had not spoken to his father as of yet.  The CPS worker, Sara,
had called to let us know that Colby had an appointment with a local child
therapist the first Friday in August.  Steve couldn't get off work but I
was off that day so I took Colby to his appointment.  Of course, Sean
wanted to go to support his best friend.

We met with Doctor Miller who took all three of us into his office after
introducing himself.  Dr. Miller explained that he would like to meet with
Colby once a week for the next six weeks.  Dr. Miller also said he would
like to have one meeting with Steve and I and all three boys and then if
everything went well he would like to meet with Colby and his parents.
Dr. Miller was a nice looking young man in his late twenties or early
thirties with dark hair and blue eyes and he obviously worked out to stay
in shape.

Sean and I left Colby and Dr. Miller alone for the last part of our first
appointment and when Colby came out of his office it was clear that he and
Dr. Miller had connected and I was sure that seeing Dr. Miller was going to
help Colby a lot.

Over the next few weeks either Steve or I would take Colby to his
appointments with Dr. Miller and Colby seemed to be returning to his old
self.  The night before his third appointment I walked past Sean and
Colby's room and overheard Colby on the phone with his mother.  Even though
it was wrong of me, I couldn't help but stop and listen for a few minutes.
Colby was telling his mother about what he had been doing the last couple
of days.  Then I heard Colby ask his mother if his father was home from
work yet.  Colby's mother must have said he was because Colby asked if he
could talk with him for a minute.

There was a pause as Colby's dad came to the phone.  I heard Colby say, "Hi
dad, how are you?"  After a few minutes Colby said, "I just wanted to let
you know that Dr. Miller said things are going well and that he would like
to set up a time that you and mom can meet me at his office so we can talk
about what happened."

I could not hear what Colby's dad was saying, but by Colby's reaction, he
was crying and apologizing to Colby for what he did.  I heard Colby's voice
crack as he tried to control his emotions as he said, "It's OK dad, I know
you didn't mean to."  Colby sniffed and wiped his nose on his shirt as he
listened to what his dad was saying on the other end of the phone.  After a
couple of minutes, Colby said "I'm doing fine and the people I am staying
with are taking good care of me.  Is it OK if I call you tomorrow?  Cool.
I will talk to you later dad.  I love you, too."

I moved away from Colby's door as he closed his cell phone.  Sean and
Connor were outside playing fetch with Max and Steve wasn't home from work
yet.  When Colby came out of his room it was just the two of us in the
kitchen as I was working on dinner.  Colby jumped up onto one of the bar
stools and leaned on the counter.  I looked at him and he looked like he
wanted to tell me something but was waiting for me to ask him.  I said,
"Hey Colby, what's up?  How do tacos sound for dinner?"

 "Tacos sound great.  I just talked to my mom."

"How is she doing?"

"She is good but she wants to see me.  I also talked to my dad for a few
minutes."

"That's good.  How did that go?"

"Good.  He apologized for hitting me and he started crying."

"Yea, that's good that he apologized."

"Yea, I told him that Dr. Miller would like to have him and mom come to my
next appointment.  Dad said he thought that would be a good idea.  He also
told me that he had been going to AA meetings and has not had a drink in
four weeks now.  He said he was doing everything Sara from CPS said he
would have to do in order for me to come back home."

"I'm glad to hear that.  Sounds like things will work out.  Of course, we
will miss you when you move back home."

Colby jumped down off his seat and came around the kitchen bar and gave me
a hug.  I hugged Colby back and said, "Why don't you go out and tell Sean
and Connor that dinner is almost ready.  Steve should be home any minute
and then we eat."

As Colby opened the back door he looked back at me and said, "Thanks,
Mike."  I just smiled back at him.

Later that night I told Steve all that Colby had told me.  We both agreed
that it was going to be hard on Sean when Colby went back to live with his
parents.  We also where happy it looked as though Colby would be able to
work things out with his dad.

The next week Colby seemed a little nervous as I drove him to Dr. Miller's
office.  Of course, Sean was with us as he had been for every one of
Colby's appointments with Dr. Miller.  This would be the first time he has
seen his father in over a month.  He was able to see his mother a couple of
times a week.  Sara would pick him up and meet his mother at a local
McDonalds twice a week.  Dr. Miller had arranged this meeting so Colby
would arrive at his office before his parents so he could spend some time
with Colby to ensure Colby was ready for the reunion.  Dr. Miller had asked
me and Sean to leave after we dropped Colby off.  This was to ensure that
Colby's dad didn't find out that Colby was staying with us more than
anything else.  So after Colby walked into Dr. Miller's office, Sean and I
went to pick up a couple of things we needed from the store.

Inside Dr. Miller's office Colby sat on in one of several chairs around a
coffee table rubbing his sweaty hands on his shorts.  Dr. Miller talks with
Colby to make sure he is ready for his parent's arrival.  A buzz of his
intercom signaled that his parents were waiting in the outer office.
Dr. Miller looked at Colby saying, "Well bud, are you ready to do this?"
Colby wiped the sweat from his hands one more time as he nodded his head.

Dr. Miller got up and went to the office door and asked Colby's parents to
come in.  Colby's mother, Linda, was the first to enter and went straight
to Colby to give him a hug and kiss and then took a seat next to Colby.  As
Colby was hugging Linda he saw his father, Dennis, walk in behind her.
After Linda took her seat, Colby looked at his father for a moment before
stepping over to him and giving him a hug.  It was obvious that Colby had
forgiven his father for what he had done.  As Colby hugged his father, all
Dennis could say was that he was sorry as he sobbed, holding his son in a
tight hug.

After a few minutes Dennis was able to get his emotions under control.  He
released Colby and took a seat next to his wife.  Dr. Miller said how happy
he was to be able to help this family reunite and asked if anyone wanted to
say anything.

Dennis cleared his throat before he said, "I just wanted to formally
apologize to my son for what I did."

Dr. Miller said, "That's great Dennis, but why don't you tell your son
instead of me."

Dennis moved his chair a little bit so he could look in his son's eyes.  He
had rehearsed this apology many times over the last few weeks but he still
had a hard time getting started.  Not because he couldn't find the words
but because he was having a hard time not becoming a blubbering idiot.
Dennis cleared his throat again and as he looked into Colby's eyes he said,
"Son, I want to tell you how sorry I am for what I did to you.  I know that
what I did is inexcusable and I would not blame you if you never forgave
me.  I love you and can promise you this will never happen again."

Both Colby and his mom had tears running down their faces and were holding
hands as they both listened to Dennis.

Dennis had to take a moment to regain control of his emotions before he
continued, "I want you to know that I am willing to do whatever it takes to
bring this family back together.  Whatever counseling, classes, or whatever
I have to do, I promise I will do to get our family back together."

Dr. Miller let all of that sink in for a moment before he said, "What I
would like to do is over our next few meetings I would like for us to talk
about what brought this on.  I understand that the fight happened over your
concerns about your son spending time with a friend of his who has a set of
gay parents.  Is that right?

Dennis looked down as he said, "Yes, Colby has a friend, Sean, and Sean's
father is living with another guy and they are in a gay relationship."

"And that made you upset why?" Dr. Miller asked.

"I don't believe in that kind of relationship and I am concerned that if my
son is exposed to that that it could influence him." Dennis said.

"So if I understand you right, you are worried that if Colby hangs out
around gay guys, he may become gay?  That being gay is a learned behavior?"

"Yea, I guess that is it in a nut shell."

"Have you ever asked your son if he was gay?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"I guess I am afraid of what I might find out."

Dr. Miller looked over at Colby say, "What do you think about that Colby?"

Colby thought for a minute, realizing Dr. Miller was not going to let him
off the hook until he answered.  "To be honest, I don't know what I am, I'm
only 13.  I know that I like spending time with Sean.  He and I are great
friends and I know I love him, but I don't know that I would say that I am
gay."

Dr. Miller looked at his watch saying, "I think we will leave it here for
now.  Colby I'm going to step outside so you can say your good byes.  When
you're ready, come out to the front office and we will get you set up for
your next appointment.  Dennis and Linda, if you will wait here I will let
you know when Colby's next appointment is.  I would like to have both of
you join us again at his next appointment."

Colby stood and hugged his mom and told her he would call her later that
night.  Dennis stepped over and hugged both Linda and Colby and said, "I am
so sorry this happened and I promise I will make it right."  Colby let go
of his parents and told them he loved them as he walked to the door.

Sean and I walked in Dr. Miller's office just as Colby was ready to leave.
Colby seemed to be in a good mood so I assumed the meeting went well even
though you could tell he had been crying.  Colby was all smiles as he told
Sean and I how well his meeting went.  Colby said he thought it wouldn't be
too much longer before he would be able to move back home.  I looked at
Sean after Colby said that and could see the sadness in his face.

That night as Colby and Sean were both lying in bed, Colby asked, "Are you
mad at me?  You have been very quiet all night."

"No I'm not mad at you, I guess I am just a little jealous that your
meeting went so well and you might be moving back with your parents soon."

"I'm sorry, I really like staying here with you and your family, but I
really want to be able to have good relationship with my mom and dad; like
you have with your dad and Mike.  But remember you will always be my best
friend."  Colby pulled Sean into him a little tighter.

Colby started to run his hand over Sean's bare chest and smooth abs.  Sean
rolled onto his back and pulled Colby on top of him.  Sean took hold of
Colby's head so he could look into Colby's eyes.  Sean said, "You are my
best friend and I will always love you."  Sean leaned in and kissed Colby
on the lips.  Sean pushed his tongue past Colby's lips starting a tongue
wrestling match between the two boys.

Of course, both boys were hard in no time and both were leaking pre cum
that mixed between their bodies as they ground their hips together.  Sean
moved his hands down Colby's back and started to massage Colby's ass
encouraging Colby to grind into Sean even harder.  After just a few minutes
both boys were breathing hard as they approached their climax.  Sean had
broken their kiss to say, "Harder, harder, I'm about to shoot!"

Colby humped Sean a little faster as both boys started to shoot their boy
cum all over each other.  After their breathing returned to normal, Colby
rolled over and walked to the bathroom to get a wet wash cloth to clean up
with.  He totally forgot that Steve and I were both still up watching TV
and froze in place with his cum covered semi hard dick in plain view.
Colby's face went completely red as he made eye contact with Steve and me.
We just sat there on the couch looking back at him with our mouths hanging
open.  After I recovered from the shock of seeing Colby in all his glory I
said, "Um, Colby you might want to get into the bathroom before that stuff
drips on the carpet."

Colby just looked down at his cum covered now totally soft dick and then
back at Steve and I and then bolted for the bathroom.  We heard the water
running for a few minutes and then saw a flash of Colby's ass as he
sprinted back into Sean's room.  Colby jumped back into bed with Sean threw
the wash cloth at Sean and buried his face in his pillow.  Sean cleaned up
and asked Colby what was wrong.  Colby looked at Sean and asked, "Why
didn't you remind me that your dads are still up.  They saw me covered in
our cum!"

Sean started laughing as he pictured Colby standing there in front of his
dads with nothing on, with his abs and crotch covered in their cum.  Colby
jumped on top of Sean yelling at him, "It's not funny, it's not funny.
That is the second time Mike had seen me totally naked.  Quit laughing!"
After several minutes they finally were able to stop laughing and settled
down for a good night's sleep.  Steve and I walked to bed both laughing at
how much fun we were going to have with the boys with this, probably for
the rest of their lives.

**********

Thanks for reading and for all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 48)

Date: Wed, 22 Dec 2010 22:28:25 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve - Gay Military Chapter 14

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services

HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A GREAT NEW YEAR!!

THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL THE EMAILS WITH THE KIND AND POSITIVE COMMENTS.
PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHERE YOU ARE FROM IN YOUR EMAILS.  WOULD LOVE TO SEE
WHERE IN THE WORLD MY STORY IS BEING READ.  THANKS

MIKE

From Chapter 13

Colby said, "Not quite." as he rolled over.  Sean then saw that a couple of
the welts wrapped around the front of Colby.  Colby said, "Can you rub some
cream on these for me?  I mean since you already have the cream on your
hands."  Sean just smiled as he rubbed the cream into the welts.  He had to
move Colby's soft dick over to one side so he could get at the last welt.
You would think Colby would have started to get hard like any other
thirteen year old boy would when someone else touched his dick, but with
all that went on today neither Colby nor Sean were thinking about any kid
of sex.  When Sean was finished he replaced the lid on the cream and set it
on the night table next to the bed.  He stood to take his boxers off before
climbing in to lie down next to his best friend rolling over to face him.
Colby rolled over onto his side to face Sean and looked into his eyes and
said, "You know that you are my best friend, right?

Sean reached up and rubbed the back of his fingers over Colby's face as he
answered, "Yes, and you are and always will be my best friend."

Colby continued, "I don't know how to ever thank you and your family for
everything they are doing for me."

Sean said, "My dads told me one time they would do anything to help me or
Connor and any of our friends, so you don't have to worry about anything;
they will take care of everything.  Now let's get some sleep because my dad
is going to wake us up when he gets back from PT."  Sean rolled over onto
his other side and pulled the sheet over the two of them.  Colby scooted up
to Sean's back, reaching over Sean's side to pull Sean back into him.
After they both settled and were comfortable Colby whispered, "Thanks Sean,
you're a great friend."  A few minutes later they were both sound asleep.

**********
Chapter 14

As Steve and I lye in bed, with Steve's head on my chest, we talked about
today's events, wondering how our lives would change having another boy
living with us.  As we talked I discovered that Steve and I both would love
to spend the rest of our lives helping kids.  I told Steve of my dream of
finding a bunch of land so I could build a place where I could take in kids
that needed help.  Steve said, "That would be great; to have a place where
we could help under privileged kids and maybe disabled kids.  Maybe someday
we can do that."  I was stroking Steve's short hair as he quietly fell
asleep on my chest and I soon fell asleep myself thinking of ways we could
make this dream come true.

It was back to work for both Steve and I the next morning.  I stopped in to
check on the boys a couple of times throughout the day.  I reminded Colby
that he could call his parents any time he wanted to, but not to let them
know he was staying with us.  I also reminded him he needed to apply the
cream three times a day.  Sean spoke up saying, "We took a shower after we
got up this morning and then I applied the cream."  I smiled to myself as
Colby turned a little red as he realized Sean had told me that they had
showered together.

I made sure to stop in to talk with Det. Smith before I left for home to
get an update.  Det. Smith told me he had filed charges and had gotten a
warrant for Colby's dad's arrest.  He had called Colby's dad who told him
he would turn himself in the following morning with his lawyer so he could
post bond as soon as he was processed.  Both Det. Smith and I agreed that
there was no need to keep him in jail and figured the District Attorney
would most likely drop the charges if Colby's dad completed all the
counseling and classes CPS would recommend.

The rest of the week went by pretty uneventful.  The boys stayed around the
house most of the time.  Of course Hunter would drop by most days and the
four of them would spend the day playing video games or basketball in the
driveway.  Sean made sure to apply the cream to Colby's back and butt three
times a day.  The cream helped a lot and by the weekend the welts had faded
quite a bit and Colby started to feel more comfortable going shirtless
around the house.  By the end of the second week the marks were all but
gone, but Sean would still apply the cream to Colby's back and butt three
times a day.  Of course boys being teenage boys with raging hormones this
medical procedure turned into a few mutual jack-off sessions.

Steve received a call from our lawyer to inform us that he had a court date
set up for the last Friday in July to finalize the divorce.  We both took
the day off so we could celebrate as soon as all the paperwork was signed
and Steve had sole custody of the boys forever.  I called Jose and Maria
and asked them to come up to help us celebrate.

We met Bob at the court house just before our appointment with the judge.
Jose and Maria had driven up the night before and met us at the court
house.  We let the boys stay home.  Steve figured this was something the
boys didn't need to see.  I mean what kid would want to see that their
mother didn't care enough about them to try and keep them in her life.  It
only took a few minutes.  The judge called Angela's name three times and
then declared her as failing to appear.  The judge asked Steve a few
questions and then asked if anyone had anything to say before he closed the
proceedings.  Jose stood and asked if he could say something and the judge
nodded his approval.

Jose cleared his throat and took a few moments to keep his emotions under
control before he said, "I would just like to say that Angela's mother and
I both support your decision judge, and we hope and pray that our daughter
will someday find the help she needs and that someday she can become the
mother that her two boys deserve.  Until that time, we support Steve whole
heartedly and hope that he will continue to allow us to be a part of Sean
and Connor's lives, and Steve, we want to reassure you that even if Angela
returns, you have my word as a man that we will support any decision you
make as to whether you want the boys to see Angela or not.  And Mike, I
just wanted to thank you for being there for Steve and our grand boys in
this troubled time and, even though I personally don't agree with your
relationship with Steve, I promise I will keep my personal opinions to
myself.  I am sure that with some time I will be able to understand and
accept it.  That is all I wanted to say.  Thank you, sir."  Jose sat down
next to his wife, who gave him a kiss on the cheek.

The judge said, "Sir, I thank you for your comments and Mr. Crispin, you
have two grandparents that I believe will be good and positive examples for
your young sons, and I hope that you will allow them to be a part of your
boy's lives."

Steve was shaking Jose's hand as the judge spoke and when he turned around
he said, "I know that sir and I intend to make them both a big part of our
lives."

The judge smiled as he said, "If there are no more comments then I will
declare these proceedings closed.  Congratulations Mr. Crispin and take
care of those boys."  And with that I stood from where I was sitting behind
Steve and gave him a hug and then turned to Jose and shook his hand.  We
had to wait for a few minutes for the clerk to bring out all the signed
copies of all the paperwork before we could leave.  As we reached our cars
Jose said to Steve and me, "If it would be all right, I would like to take
you two and the boys out for lunch."

Steve said, "That would be nice, let's go pick up the boys and then we can
figure out where we would like to go."

Since the boys knew about the court date, they were already showered and
dressed nicely.  I guess they figured that we would go out to eat when we
finished.  Jose and Maria both came in and gave hugs to Sean and Connor and
Jose shook Colby's hand.  Jose asked the boys where they would like to go
out to eat.  Sean suggested a locally owned Mexican restaurant and we all
agreed that sounded good.  Steve told the boys to go get in my truck and
then asked Jose and Maria if he could speak with them for a moment.

After the boys went running out the front door calling for seats, Steve
told Jose and Maria about the situation with Colby and told them that he
will be staying with us for the time being and hoped they didn't mind if he
joined us for lunch.  Maria said, "We certainly understand and we would
love to have him join us and I think it is wonderful that you two opened
your house to a child in need."

We all had a great lunch and then came home to relax a little.  The boys
asked if we could take the boat out on Saturday and asked their
grandparents to join us.  We only spent a few hours on the lake Saturday.
Jose and Maria were good sports but, I don't think flying around the lake
as the boys played on the tubes was their cup of tea.

That evening with the help of Maria we prepared everyone a nice big steak
dinner with all the fixings.  Before we finished Jose said he would like to
invite us all down to their place for the weekend to do some horseback
riding.  The boys were very excited about going back to their ranch and
started asking if they could ride the same horses.  We decided it would be
a great trip for the boys and figured the weekend before school started
would work out perfect.

Later that night after Jose and Maria had left and the boys were in bed
Steve and I were lying in bed talking about how lucky we were and going
over the events of the last couple of days.  Steve had his head lying on my
chest and was slowly running his hand around my chest. He then started
kissing my neck before moving up to my ear which causes me to go instantly
hard.  While he was nibbling on my ear his right hand moved its way down my
stomach and took hold of my rock hard dick.  As Steve was stroking my dick
he whispered into my ear, "Will you make love to me?  I want to feel you
inside of me."

"Wow, are you sure?  I want you to be sure you are ready to move our
relationship to that level."

"I love you and I want this."

Over the last few months we have spent some time online looking at the
information about anal sex and both know all the prep and precautions that
we needed to take.  I rolled Steve over on his back and started kissing
him, starting a tongue war.  I moved my way down his neck to his chest to
spend some time suckling on each nipple for several minutes.  Steve had the
perfect nipples, each about the size of a quarter and perfectly round which
would become rock hard when I sucked on them.  As I worked over each nipple
I let my hand move down to his dick stroking it, causing his pre-cum to
leak out and pool on his flat abs.  Steve produced a huge amount of pre-cum
which I usually used to lube the flared head of his dick, but tonight I had
different plans for all the natural lube.

After several minutes of stroking Steve's cock creating a nice pool of
pre-cum, I started to move my way down his flat stomach and took that
beautiful cock in my mouth.  I had coated my fingers in Steve's pre-cum and
as I swirled my tongue around his dick I moved my fingers to his virgin
hole.  After several minutes of running my finger around his hole, I was
able to get one finger inside his warm and very tight hole.  I continued
finger fucking Steve with one finger for several minutes while continuing
to suck on his dick.  Steve had to pull my head off his dick several times
to keep from going over the edge.  Each time I would give his dick a rest
and suck on one or both of his balls as I continued to loosen Steve up with
my fingers.  After a good half hour I was able to get a second and then a
third finger inside Steve.  As Steve pulled me off his dick and pulled me
up to his face so we were looking into each other's eyes, he said, "I'm
ready.  I want you inside me know!"

Steve rolled me over on my back as he reached into the night stand getting
the tube of lube we kept.  Steve applied some lube to my dick and then
added some to his ass.  Steve straddled my hips and began kissing me as he
reached around behind him and grabbed my dick, lining it up with his virgin
hole as he leaned back.  I felt the head of my dick make contact with his
beautiful pink hole as Steve held my dick in place.  Steve leaned back a
little more and after a few seconds I could feel Steve's hole relax a
little as the head of my dick slid past his ring muscle.  I was watching
Steve's face as my dick slid inside him and could see the pain on his face.
Steve took a sharp breath and I asked, "Are you OK?  We can stop if it
hurts."

"No, I just need to hold still for a minute to get used to it."

I was running my hands all over Steve's body in an attempt to distract
Steve from the pain.  After just a couple of minutes I could feel Steve
lean back a little more, taking more of my dick inside him.  It took a good
ten minutes before I could feel Steve's smooth ass make contact with my
pubes.  After Steve sat still a minute or two he started to rise back up a
couple of inches and then lean back.  I couldn't believe how tight and warm
Steve's ass felt on my rock hard dick.  I knew I wasn't going to last long.
Steve's dick had gone soft, I'm sure due to the initial pain, but began to
grow again as he continued his steady rhythm up and down my dick.  As Steve
became fully erect, I could feel my dick pass over Steve's hard prostrate
and without warning, Steve almost shouted that he was cumming.  I could
feel Steve's hole contract around my dick as he pumped several ropes of
hot, white thick cum all over my chest and stomach without touching his
dick.  Steve's dick was throbbing so hard his first and second volley of
cum actually hit me in my face.


Steve came so hard that he almost collapsed on top of me completely out of
breath.  As his hole clamped down on my dick, I pushed up one last time
trying to bury my dick as far inside Steve as I could as I started to pump
my juice inside him.  We were both breathing so hard you would have thought
we had just finished a full marathon.

Steve collapsed on top of me as our breathing started to return to normal,
squishing his cum between us.  After Steve caught his breath we began
making out again and Steve moved from my lips to my face, licking up the
cum that had landed on my face.  Steve returned to my mouth, sharing his
cum with me as he stuck his tongue inside my mouth.  After a few minutes I
could feel my softening dick slip out of Steve's ass as we lay there
kissing for several minutes.  I rolled Steve over on his back while
climbing out of bed to get a warm wash cloth to clean us up.  After
cleaning up the cum off my chest and stomach, I went back to bed and
cleaned Steve's chest, abs and soft dick off with the warm wash cloth
before climbing back in bed with Steve.  I pulled Steve into me to cuddle
with him with his head lying on my chest as I whispered, "I love you so
much.  That was so awesome."

While Steve ran his hand round my chest and stomach he said, "I love you
too, and you're right...it was awesome."  Steve raised up on his elbow and
looked into my eyes saying, "I am so grateful that you allowed me and the
boys to move in here with you.  There is no other person I would rather
raise my boys with than you.  You are so awesome and being with you has
never felt so right.  I love you so much!"  I pulled Steve into one more
kiss and told him I loved him too before he lay his head back on my chest
as we settled in for a good night's sleep.

**********

Thanks for reading and for all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MIKE

---

Untitled (Chapter 49)

Date: Thu, 9 Dec 2010 22:55:18 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 13

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  BUSY HOLIDAY SEASON.  I HAVE SEVERL MORE CHAPTERS
IN THE MAKING, JUST NOT SURE WHEN I WILL GET THEM WRITTEN.

NO SEX IN THIS CHAPTER, I PROMIS MORE IN COMING.

THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL THE EMAILS WITH THE KIND AND POSITIVE COMMENTS.
PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHERE YOU ARE FROM IN YOUR EMAILS.  WOULD LOVE TO SEE
WHERE IN THE WORLD MY STORY IS BEING READ.  THANKS

MIKE

Sara got back on her phone as I stepped out of the office to call Steve.
When Steve answered I gave him a real quick run down on everything that
happened so far at the PD.  Then I said, ?Steve, I need to ask you a
question.  CPS is going to remove Colby from his parents at least until the
investigation is complete.  I don?t want Colby going to some foster home.
I asked the CPS worker if Colby could stay with us.  She said she would
have to get us approved as a foster home and that she would have to
interview everyone in the house and do a home visit.  I am sure she will
figure out that you and I are more than just friends when she sees that we
are sleeping in the same bed.  Are you OK with that??

Steve didn?t hesitate at all.  He said, ?I don?t care who finds out that I
am in love with you.  We told Colby that we would ensure that he is safe
and I can?t think of a better way to make sure he is safe than if he was
living with us.?

********** Chapter 13


I told Steve that I loved him and hung up the phone to go find Sara.  I
told her to do whatever she needed to do to make it possible for Colby to
live with us.  Sara smiled and said she had already started the process.
She said, ?Once we are done here I need to do a home visit and I will need
to interview Steve. Once that is done you can be approved as a temporary
foster home and I will have a judge sign the paperwork placing Colby in
your care.?

?When can I tell Colby??

?Well, give me Steve?s number and I can do his interview over the
phone. That should take me about fifteen minutes and if everything goes
well, as I expect it will, you can tell him then.?

I went into the break room to check on Colby.  He was sitting on the couch
looking at the TV, but I don?t think he was actually watching it.  I sat
down next to him and had to call his name to get his attention.  ?Colby, do
you have any other family that lives close by??

?No, mom and dad are both an only child and my grandparents live out of
state.  Since we have moved around a lot with dad being in the Army, I have
never spent much time with my grandparents.  Why are you asking me that??

?Well, you?re a smart kid, Colby, and I am sure that you have figured out
that we cannot let you go back to your house right now.  Remember I
promised you that I would make sure that you are safe so we are going to
find a place for you to stay until we can figure things out with your dad.?

?I don?t think my dad will hit me again.  My mom was yelling at him after
he let me up.  I think she slapped him in the face.  He was just drunk and
I made him mad when I yelled at him. I know that he loves me, he just drank
too much.  He has started to drink more and more since he got back from his
last deployment.?

?Colby, no parent has the right to do what he did to you.  It was not your
fault.  I want you to remember that.  What he did was wrong and he needs
help.  We are going to get him the help he needs and if he does love you,
then maybe one day you can go back to live with your mom and dad, but until
then we have to make sure you are safe.  Do you understand??

?Yeah, I do and thank you.?

?No need to thank me.  You are my son?s best friend so I care a lot about
you.?  I looked up to see Sara giving me the thumbs up through the door
window indicating she had approved our home as a foster home for Colby.  I
pulled Colby?s chin up off the ground and looked him in the eyes and said,
?Colby we all care about you, me, Steve and the boys.  We would like you to
come live with us until we can figure this out.?

?Really, I can stay with you guys??

?If you would like to.?

For the first time in many hours I saw a smile on Colby?s face as he
wrapped his arms around my neck, giving me a big hug saying, ?Thanks,
Mike. I would like that.?

?Let me check with Det. Smith and Ms. Johnston to make sure we are finished
here and then we can head home.?

I checked in with Det. Smith who said he would be going to see Colby?s
father to get a statement from him later this afternoon and then he would
file charges in the morning.  Sara said she would follow us home so she
could do her home visit, talk with Sean and Connor real quick and then meet
up with Det. Smith at Colby?s house.  Before I went back to get Colby, I
made a quick phone call to Steve to give him the good news and to have him
let the boys know what was going on.

Back at the house Steve called both boys out to the living room so he could
let them know what was going on.  After having the guys sit down on the
couch Steve said, ?Guys, I need to talk to you about something important.
This morning, Mike and I found out that Colby had a big fight with his dad
on Friday and his dad whipped him with a belt pretty badly.  Colby is OK
but his back and butt have welts on them from the belt.  Mike took Colby to
talk with a detective at the police station along with a CPS worker.  They
have decided that it?s not safe for Colby to go back home right now and
they are going to let Colby stay with us for a while.?

Sean was visibly upset, his eyes filling with tears.  ?I thought there was
something wrong.  It was like he didn?t want me to touch him and he would
hold my hand so I couldn?t touch him anywhere.  I should have told you and
Mike that I thought something was wrong.?

?I want both of you to always remember that you can come to Mike or I any
time you or one of your friends have a problem.  We will always do whatever
we can to help you and your friends.  Now, Mike is coming home with Colby
and the CPS worker.  She needs to talk with you two and check out our house
before Colby can officially stay here.  So if your rooms are a mess go and
clean them up and when you talk with her I want both of you to be honest
with her.?  When the boys got up to go clean their rooms, Steve pulled Sean
aside and told him, ?Don?t worry. Colby is fine, but he is going to need
his best friend to be there for him.?  Steve gave Sean a big hug before
sending him to clean up his room.

A short time later, Colby and I arrived home followed by Sara.  We went
inside and I introduced her to Steve and the boys.  Sara walked around the
house and made a few notes.  Sara asked me what the sleeping arrangements
were in the house.  I was honest with her and told her Steve and I stayed
in the master bedroom and the boys each had their own room.  Sean jumped in
and said, ?Colby sleeps in my room when he spends the nights so he can
share my room while he is staying here.?

Sara said, ?And which room is yours, Sean??

Sean answered, ?The front bedroom with the twin bed.?

Sara made a note in her book before she asked Sean, ?How often does Colby
spend the night??

Sean answered, ?Only a few times a month.  Colby and I have been best
friends since we met at school when me, my dad, and brother moved here at
the beginning of the year.?

Sara asked Connor what he thought about Colby staying here.  Connor said ?I
like Colby a lot and he is like another brother to me; he?s cool.?  Connor
was a man of few words around people he didn?t know well.

Sara said she had all that she needed and asked if she could speak with
Steve and me outside.  When we got outside Sara leaned against her car
before saying, ?I don?t think I will have a problem getting your house
approved as a permanent foster home.  I have just one concern and that is
where Colby will sleep.  I think it would be better if he stayed in the
bedroom with the bunk beds.  I understand that Colby?s dad beat him because
he has a problem with how you two are living your lives and if he finds out
that Colby is sharing a bed with another boy that might give him some
ammunition to challenge the placement.?

I jumped in asking, ?So you don?t care who shares a room with Colby as long
as each boy has his own bed.?

?That?s what I am saying yes.  It just takes away that ammunition Colby?s
father could use.?

Steve asked, ?What about our sleeping arrangements?? pointing to himself
and me.

Sara said, ?The state doesn?t have a problem placing a child with a gay
couple as long as the child is in a safe place and I cannot think of a
safer place for Colby right now.  Any other questions before I meet up with
Det. Smith??

Steve asked, ?What about getting Colby?s clothes and personal items from
his house??

As Sara was getting into her car she said, ?I will get all his stuff while
we are talking with his dad and mom and then drop them off here.  Right now
I am not going to let Colby?s parents know where Colby is staying.  Once we
see how they react and how receptive they are to our recommendations, I may
allow them supervised visits.  Let Colby know that for right now he can
call his parents but he is not allowed to tell them where is staying.?  We
all agreed that would be best before saying our good byes.

Steve and I went back inside and called the boys out to the living room.
We told them about what Sara had said about each boy having his own bed and
gave them the choice of switching rooms or just switching beds.  They
figured it would be easier to just switch the beds so I got some tools so
we could make it a little easier.  We figured it would be best to get it
done before Sara came back with Colby?s stuff.

After we got the beds switched and the boys where cleaning up their rooms,
I made a phone call to a nurse friend of mine.  I told her about Colby?s
injuries and asked if she thought he needed to be seen by a doctor.  She
told me as long as there was no broken skin and if we didn?t think there
were any broken ribs he should be fine.  She did recommend a cream that
would help the welts heal faster and help insure there was no scarring.  I
told Steve what she said and he jumped in his car to go pick up some of the
cream.

A while later Sara stopped by with Colby?s stuff and briefed Steve and I on
what she learned.  She told us that both she and Det. Smith believed this
was the first time this had ever happened and believed that with some
counseling and classes, Colby would be able to move back in with his mom
and dad.  Sara said Colby?s dad was sobbing the whole time and kept
repeating how sorry he was and that he would do whatever was asked of him.
Sara also stated that Colby?s mom had actually called CPS herself and asked
for help.  Both Steve and I were relieved and told Sara to let us know if
there was anything we could do to help.  She told us to just make sure
Colby is safe, and to make sure that Colby didn?t become depressed.  She
said Colby would be required to talk with a counselor also and she would
let us know when and where those appointments would be.  Steve mentioned
that we had moved the bunk beds into Sean?s room so Colby would have his
own bed to sleep in.  Of course, we all knew Colby and Sean would be
sharing the larger bed on the bottom of the bunk bed and never use the top
bunk.

After Sara had left, Steve and I went inside and realized it was dinner
time.  We decided to order in pizza since neither one of us felt like
cooking.  We sat down with the boys and watched some TV while we waited for
the pizza to be delivered.

We ate our pizza and spent the rest of the evening watching TV.  Sean and
Colby were in the love seat together with Colby lying down with his legs
lying across Sean?s legs who was sitting at the other end.  I noticed that
Colby was twitching a lot and guessed that the welts were starting to itch
as they healed.  About nine we told the boys it was time for bed since it
had been a hectic day.  Connor came over to where Steve and I were sitting
on the larger couch to give us both a hug good night.  Sean came over to do
the same.  Steve told Sean and Colby he had something for them as he got up
to get the cream that my nurse friend told us to try.  Steve told them the
cream would help with the healing process and stop the itching along with
helping to make sure there were no permanent scars as he handed the big jar
of cream to Sean.  Steve pulled Colby into a hug saying, ?We like to give
our boys hugs before they go to bed each night and since you are now one
our boys, we expect to get a hug each night.?  Colby turned a little red as
he and Steve hugged and after Steve released him, he stopped to give me a
hug as he and Sean walked to their bedroom.


After Sean and Colby finished getting ready for bed they climbed into the
bottom bunk.  Sean was just in his boxers but Colby still had his shirt on.
Sean asked, ?Do you want me to rub this cream on your back, or do you want
one of our dads to do it.?

Colby said, ?I would rather have you do it.  I already had to have my
picture taken with no clothes on in front of Mike and the detective.  Some
of the welts are on my ass too so they had to take pictures of my ass.  I
don?t think I could handle having one of them rub some cream on my butt.?

Colby carefully pulled his shirt off and for the first time Sean could see
what Colby?s dad had done to him.  A tear rolled down Sean?s cheek as Colby
lay down on the bed on his stomach.  Sean opened the cream and put some on
his fingers and then rubbed his hands together before gently applying the
cream to Colby?s back.  Colby would wince in pain every now and then as
Sean worked his way down Colby?s back.  As Sean got close to the waist band
of Colby?s boxers he asked, ?Do you need me to put some cream on your butt
or would you rather do that yourself??

Colby said, ?Well you have already washed my butt for me that weekend we
went camping so I guess you might as well put the cream on for me, if you
don?t mind that is.?

Sean thought to himself, ?Like I would mind running my hands over those
smooth cream colored mounds of flesh.? Before saying, ?Why don?t you just
slip your boxers off so I don?t get any cream on them.?

Colby slipped his boxers off and threw them on the floor and lay back down
on his stomach again.  Sean applied cream to Colby?s butt, carefully
rubbing the cream into each cheek and around the sides.  Of course he
couldn?t resist running a finger along the crack of Colby?s beautiful ass
before he said, ?There. I think I covered every welt.?

Colby said, ?Not quite.? as he rolled over.  Sean then saw that a couple of
the welts wrapped around the front of Colby.  Colby said, ?Can you rub some
cream on these for me?  I mean, since you already have the cream on your
hands.?  Sean just smiled as he rubbed the cream into the welts.  He had to
move Colby?s soft dick over to one side so he could get at the last welt.
You would think Colby would have started to get hard like any other
thirteen year old boy would when someone else touched his dick, but with
all that went on today neither Colby nor Sean were thinking about any kid
of sex.  When Sean was finished he replaced the lid on the cream and set it
on the night table next to the bed as he stood to take his boxers off
before climbing in to lie down next to his best friend rolling over to face
him.  Colby rolled over onto his side to face Sean and looked into his eyes
and said, ?You know that you are my best friend right??

Sean reached up and rubbed the back of his fingers over Colby?s face as he
answered, ?Yes and you are and always will be my best friend.?

Colby continued, ?I don?t know how to ever thank you and your family for
everything they are doing for me.?

Sean said, ?My dads told me one time they would do anything to help me or
Connor and any of our friends so you don?t have to worry about anything;
they will take care of everything.  Now, let?s get some sleep because my
dad is going to wake us up when he gets back from PT.?  Sean rolled over
onto his other side and pulled the sheet over the two of them.  Colby
scooted up to Sean?s back, reaching over Sean?s side to pull Sean back into
him.  After they both settled and were comfortable Colby whispered, ?Thanks
Sean, you?re a great friend.?  A few minutes later they were both sound
asleep.

**********

Thanks for reading and for all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 50)

Date: Thu, 2 Dec 2010 23:06:36 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve 12

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services

SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT.  BUSY HOLIDAY SEASON.  I HAVE SEVERL MORE CHAPTERS
IN THE MAKING, JUST NOT SURE WHEN I WILL GET THEM WRITTEN.

THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL THE EMAILS WITH THE KIND AND POSITIVE COMMENTS.

MIKE


About that time I saw Sean make a dash to his room with no clothes on.  It
sure is a good thing this is an all male house hold.  I figured Sean would
be ready in just a couple of minutes so I started to go see if Steve, who
was still in our bedroom, was ready.  As I went around the breakfast bar I
gave Colby a couple of pats on the back.  I was shocked when Colby winced
and stopped in my tracks.  I looked Colby in the eyes and asked, "What's
wrong with your back?"

Colby wouldn't look me in the eyes and said, "Nothing, I'm just a little
sore from playing basketball yesterday."

Being in law enforcement for several years, I knew Colby was lying.  I
stepped up to Colby and pulled open the back of his shirt and I was
horrified by what I saw.  I let go of Colby's shirt and then pulled his
chin up so I could look in him in the eyes.  When Colby's eyes met mine he
had tears running down his face.  He knew I had figured out his secret.

*********
Chapter 12

I pulled Colby into hug and he just buried his face in my chest.  I looked
over my shoulder to see if Connor and Hunter had noticed anything.  They
were both still watching cartoons in the living room and hadn't noticed
anything and Sean was still in his bedroom.  I pulled Colby off the stool
and walked him to our bedroom just as Steve was coming out of the door.
Steve just looked at me with a "what the fuck" look on his face as I walked
Colby over to our bed and had him sit down on the edge.

I pulled a chair up and sat down in it so I was sitting at the same level
as Colby.  I had to use my hand to pull Colby's eyes off the ground.  Once
his eyes met mine, in a very quiet voice, I said, "Colby, do you trust me?"
He just nodded his head up and down.  I continued, "Colby, I need you to
tell me the truth about how you got those marks on your back."  Colby's
eyes went back to the floor.  I looked up at Steve who was standing there
in disbelief.

In a voice just above a whisper and with tears running down his face Colby
said, "It was my dad.  He was drunk Friday night when I asked if I could
come over to your house to play basketball with Sean on Saturday.  He got
really pissed and said he was tired of me spending so much time with Sean.
He called you and Steve fags and said Sean was probably a fag as well and
said I couldn't ever come over here again.  I got mad and started to yell
back at him and told him that Sean was my best friend.  That really pissed
him off and he started calling me a fag and then he took his belt off and
started to hit me with it.  I fell down on the floor and he just put his
foot on me to hold me down and kept hitting me with the belt.  I didn't
have a shirt on so it left a lot of marks.  He was still passed out
yesterday afternoon so I just came over and then called my mom and told her
I was staying over at Hunter's house."  When Colby finished he was crying
again, so I pulled him into a hug being careful not to touch his back.  As
I was hugging Colby I looked up at Steve who was standing next to us with
his mouth hanging open.

After Colby got his emotions under control I looked him in the eyes and
said, "Colby, you know that since I'm a cop, I have to report this.  I also
need to look at your back.  I want to make sure that you don't need to see
a doctor.  Is that alright?"

Colby again just nodded his head and stood up.  He turned away from me as I
gently pulled the back of his shirt up over his shoulders.  What I saw made
my blood boil.  Colby's back was covered with welts and you could see the
belt marks going across Colby's back.  On several of the marks you could
see the imprint of a belt buckle.  Steve just stood there in disbelief with
tears running down his face.  I pulled Colby's shirt down and I told him,
"Go in the bathroom and wash your face and then when you are ready we will
go get something to eat."

After Colby closed the door to the bathroom I stood up and took Steve into
my arms.  I have seen this type of thing many times in my carrier as a cop,
but I don't thing Steve has ever seen anything like this.  Steve was almost
crying as he whispered into my ear, "How can any father do that to their
son?  What do we do now?"

I pulled back so I could look into Steve's eyes and said, "First thing we
do is make sure that Colby knows that we love him and he can trust us.  We
have to make sure that he is safe.  We will have to report this to the
police and Child Protective Services.  I will make a call to the PD and ask
the Youth Services Detective to meet us at the PD.  He will contact CPS and
have them meet us there also."

About that time Colby walked out of the bathroom and looked a lot better.
I kneeled down and told Colby the same things I told Steve.  I reminded him
that we all loved him and we would make sure he was safe.  I then asked him
if he was ready to go get something to eat and he nodded his head again.

When we went back out in the living room, Connor and Hunter were still
engrossed in the cartoon that they were watching and Sean was just walking
out of his room.  I don't think Sean had noticed anything yet so I said,
"Alright guys if you want breakfast you need to get your butts in the
truck."  Connor and Hunter jumped up and took off running for the door,
followed by Sean and Colby.  Steve and I followed the boys out the front
door.

We ended up eating at I-Hop.  After we all had ordered, I excused myself
from the table and walked outside to make a phone call.  I got in touch
with Detective Smith from our Youth Services division.  After briefing him
on what Colby had told me and what I had seen, Det. Smith said to meet him
at the PD in an hour.  Det. Smith also said he would contact CPS so they
could be there when we arrived.  When I looked through the window of the
restaurant I could see Sean staring at me.  He had a look on his face that
made me think he knew something was up, but hadn't figured it out yet.

When I got back to the table our breakfast was just arriving.  The boys
were talking back and forth with each other.  Sean and Connor were telling
everyone how much they liked going horse back riding with their
grandparents and how they were looking forward to going down to San Antonio
to see them on the horse ranch they worked on.  I sat down next to Steve
and gave him a nod to let him know everything was set up with Det. Smith.

After breakfast we headed back to the house.  I told the boys that I got a
phone call during breakfast and needed to go into work to talk with a
Detective about a case I was helping him with.  I said, "Colby and Hunter,
why don't you guys grab your stuff and I will give you a ride home on my
way to the PD."

They both grabbed their stuff and said their goodbyes to Sean, Connor and
Steve, telling them they would see them tomorrow.  Steve walked out with me
to the truck as Colby and Hunter were walking out in front of us.  Before I
got in the truck, Steve grabbed my hand turning me around and said, "Call
me as soon as you can."  I told him I would as I climbed behind the wheel.

Luckily, Hunter's house was on the way and a couple of blocks from Colby's
house so he wouldn't get suspicious when I didn't drop Colby off.  After we
left Hunter's house I looked over at Colby and said, "We need to go to the
PD and talk with a friend of mine about what your dad did to you.  There
will be a person from CPS there also.  I will be there with you the whole
time so you don't have to be afraid.  Just tell them the truth about what
happened OK."

Colby just nodded his head a couple of times and then looked out the
window.  A few minutes later we arrived at the PD and Colby and I took the
elevator up to the Youth Services office.  Det. Smith was sitting behind
his desk chatting with Ms. Johnston, a CPS worker I had worked with many
times before.  After I introduced Colby to Det. Smith and Ms. Johnston,
Det. Smith had him sit down in a chair next to his desk.  Det. Smith asked
Colby a few general questions like his name, address, and phone number.  He
then told Colby that he needed to record this interview as he turned on a
video recorder mounted on the wall.  Det. Smith started out by stating this
was an interview with Colby and then stated everyone's name that was in the
room.

Det. Smith was very good with kids and was able to make kids feel very
comfortable when having to report what had happened to them.  He then
looked at Colby and asked him to tell him what had happened to him on
Friday.  Colby talked very quiet but was able to get through the whole
story without stopping.  Det. Smith asked Colby a few questions and then
after asking Ms. Johnston if she had and questions, he thanked Colby for
being so brave and reporting this.  He asked Colby, "Is it alright if I
take some photos of your injuries?  Mike can be in the room if you would
like."  Colby said it was OK and Det. Smith had Colby stand up next to a
white wall as he got his camera.

Det. Smith first took a couple of photos of Colby from the front and then
asked Colby to turn around for him.  Det. Smith asked Colby to take his
shirt off which he did and he took several photos of the marks on Colby's
back.  Det. Smith asked Colby if he had any other marks on his body.
Colby's head and eyes dropped to the floor again.  Det. Smith looked over
at me and motioned for me to talk with Colby.  I walked up behind Colby and
in a very quiet voice asked Colby if he had any other marks.  Colby said,
"I think there are some on my butt."

"Colby we are going to have to take some pictures of those also.  Would you
feel more comfortable if Ms. Johnston stepped out of the room?" Colby just
nodded his head.  I looked over at Ms. Johnston who was already walking to
the door.  After she had closed the door behind her, I said, "Ok, it is
just us guys in here now, can you take your shorts off for us."

Colby slid his thumbs inside the waist band of his basket ball shorts and
pulled them over his slim hips, letting them drop to the floor.  I was
still standing right behind Colby and whispered, "We need you to take them
all the way off, bud."  Colby lifted one foot at a time and flung his
shorts off to one side.  I took a couple of steps back so Det. Smith could
take a few pictures of Colby in his boxers.  We could both see a couple of
marks on the back of Colby's thighs just below his boxers.

After Det. Smith snapped a few pictures, I walked back up to Colby placing
my hands on his shoulders, careful not to touch any of the welts on his
back.  Again I whispered, "Colby we need you to step out of your boxers so
Det. Smith can photograph all the marks."  Again Colby slowly hooked his
thumbs in his boxers and lowered them over his butt and hips.  I had to
bite my lip when I looked down and saw how black and blue Colby's ass
checks were.  I don't know how that kid sat in a chair all weekend without
bursting into tears.  Again I asked Colby to step out of his boxers as he
did his shorts and after I stepped back Det. Smith took several more
photos.

As I was standing to the side of Colby I noticed some of the welts wrapped
around his side.  I motioned to Det. Smith that he needed to take some
photos from the side.  After he took a couple of each side, I stepped back
up to Colby and carefully put my hands on his shoulders and turned him
around so his back was to the wall.  Colby's eyes never left the floor.
Det. Smith stepped back in front of Colby and took a few more pictures of
Colby's front side where the belt had wrapped around Colby's sides and left
a few marks very close to his privates.  Det. Smith said, "Colby I need to
take one more picture but I need you to look up at the camera.  Can you do
that for me?  I know this is embarrassing but I need you to look at the
camera for just one more picture and then you can get dressed."

Colby looked up with tears running down his checks.  Det. Smith snapped one
last picture and I handed Colby his boxers which he quickly put on.  After
Colby put his shorts and shirt back on I pulled him into a hug and
whispered, "You did great bud, I'm very proud of you.  You want a soda?"  I
walked Colby into an adjoining break room and had him sit down on a couch
after getting him a soda from the frig.  I turned on the TV for him and
threw him the remote.  I said, "I'm going to speak with Det. Smith and
Ms. Johnston for a few minutes, you just hang out here, OK?"

When I got back to Det. Smith's desk, Ms. Johnston was already back in the
office and was on the phone.  Det. Smith and I waited as she finished her
phone call.  When she finished she looked at the both of us and said, "You
both know that boy can not go back to his home.  I have already started the
search for a foster home to place Colby in.  Mike, do you know if Colby has
any family in the area?"

"I don't think so. I know his dad is in the military and he is an only
child.  I have never heard of him talk about any family in the area.  Sara,
I have a very good friend and his two sons living with me.  Colby is the
best friend of one of Steve's sons.  What would it take to place Colby in
my house?"

I really didn't think about it as the words came out of my mouth.  I knew I
was taking a huge risk in disclosing Steve's and my relationship but I
could not live with myself if Colby had to be placed in a foster home.

Sara said, "I would have to get you approved first.  I would have to do a
home visit and interview everyone in the house.  We could use your
background check from the PD, so that won't be a problem.  If everything
goes well, I should be able to get you approved later today."

"Let me make a phone call real quick but can you get the process started?"
I asked.  I noticed Det. Smith looking at me with a little smile on his
face.

Sara got back on her phone as I stepped out of the office to call Steve.
When Steve answered, I gave him a real quick run down on everything that
happened so far at the PD.  Then I said, "Steve, I need to ask you a
question.  CPS is going to remove Colby from his parents at least until the
investigation is complete.  I don't want Colby going to some foster home.
I asked the CPS worker if Colby could stay with us.  She said she would
have to get us approved as a foster home and that she would have to
interview everyone in the house and do a home visit.  I am sure she will
figure out that you and I are more than just friends when she sees that we
are sleeping in the same bed.  Are you OK with that?"

Steve didn't hesitate at all.  He said, "I don't care who finds out that I
am in love with you.  We told Colby that we would ensure that he is safe
and I can't think of a better way to make sure he is safe than if he was
living with us."

**********

Thanks for reading and for all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 51)

Date: Sun, 21 Nov 2010 17:45:32 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military Finding Steve Chapter 11

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services



Man, I love the feeling of Steve's dick in my mouth, with its larger head
than the shaft it made it easy to drive him crazy as my lips moved over the
edges of his swollen dick head.  As I started on Steve, he went back to
work on me and within a couple of minutes both of us were moaning, causing
both of us to race towards our climax even faster.  Steve was the first to
jump over the edge, pulling my dick out of his mouth in time to warn me he
was about to cum.

I really didn't need Steve to tell me he was about to cum anymore.  I could
tell when Steve was about to come.  His low hanging balls, which I loved to
play with as I sucked his dick, would contract up towards his body and the
head of his dick becomes rock hard just before he shoots his load.

Steve continued to stroke my dick as he shot his load all over my chest.
Just as I squeezed the last couple of drops out of his dick, I shot my load
all over his smooth chest.  After we both came down from our climax, and
our breathing returned back to normal, I got up to get a wet wash cloth to
clean the cum off our chests.  I cleaned up in the bathroom and then came
back to bed to clean Steve's chest.  After getting back into bed, Steve
rolled over on top of me again and gave me a few quick kisses before he
laid his head on my chest and said, "Did I tell you how much I love you
today?"  I kissed the top of his head and said, "I think you just did and I
love you too."  A few minutes later Steve's rhythmic breathing told me he
had fallen asleep on my chest.  A few minutes later I was sound asleep
also.

********* Chapter 11

A few weeks later we found out that Steve's wife had not responded after
being served the divorce paperwork within the time limit.  Bob called us
and told us he had a court date scheduled and if Angela did not show up it
would be just a formality to grant Steve's divorce and grant him sole
custody of the boys.  Steve talked with Angela's parents who told him
Angela had run off again and they had no idea where she was.  Steve invited
them up over the Fourth of July weekend so they could spend some times with
the boys.  We had thought about taking the boys and their friends out to
the lake for the weekend, but decided it would be too crowded both on the
lake and in the campgrounds.  We have learned that both Steve and I and the
boys like a little privacy when we go camping.  An overcrowded campground
would spoil the campout.

The boys had a great time with their grandparents over the Fourth of July
weekend.  Jose and Maria took the boys to a local ranch to ride horses on
Saturday which they loved.  Both Sean and Connor could not stop talking
about how much fun they had.  We had a big barbeque in the back yard
Saturday evening.  The boys invited their friends over so we had a yard
full of boys.  The boys were playing basketball in the drive and soon they
were all sweating like pigs.  I wasn't sure how they knew who was on each
others team as they had all taken their shirts off except for Colby.  I
thought that was a little odd but didn't think too much about it.

As Steve and I watched the boys play basketball in the drive, we had a
chance to get to know Jose and Maria better.  We learned that they both
worked on a large horse ranch outside of San Antonio.  Jose was one of the
ranch foremen and Maria was the head cook for the ranch, feeding a crew of
twenty men each meal.  They were both thinking of retiring soon, but hadn't
decided what they wanted to do when they did.  When they left Sunday
afternoon, both Steve and I learned we really like Jose and Maria and
really wanted them in the boys' lives.  They invited all of us down to
their house where we could all go horse back riding.

Since Monday was a holiday, the boys asked if they could each have a friend
stay the night.  No surprise who they invited, Colby and Hunter.  Of course
we said it was fine, we enjoy having a house full of boys.  After dinner we
were all in the living room watching movies.  I noticed Colby was sitting
on the couch with his legs across Sean's leg, who was sitting on the other
side of our love seat.  Sean had his arm lying over Colby's knees,
something that seemed so normal in our house.

The boys stayed up late watching movies, so we let them sleep in longer
than normal the next morning.  Even though they were on summer break, Steve
normally got the boys up after he got home from physical training so they
could have breakfast with him before he went back to work on post.  Since
we let them sleep in, Steve and I were able to enjoy a relaxing cup of
coffee on the back porch in quiet.  Before we went out, Steve let Max out
of Connor's room and then peeked in on Sean and Colby.  Again they were
cuddled up to each other, with Colby spooning up against Sean's back with
his arm draped over Sean.  Steve came outside with his coffee, leaning over
to give me a kiss before he said, "Those two are so cute together, not sure
why Colby wore his shirt to bed though."

"That is a little strange; I have never seen any of the boys wear a shirt
to bed before.  It certainly wasn't cold in the house last night.  Come to
think about it I haven't seen Colby take his shirt off all weekend."

"Your right, that is a little unlike Colby.  He usually likes to show off
his hot little body."

We both sat in silence for quite a while just enjoying our coffee and
holding hands as we watched Max go about his morning routine of marking his
back yard.  After Max was finished he came up on the porch and laid down at
our feet.  We must have been on our third cup of coffee when Max jumped up
cluing us in that one or more of the boys were up and moving around.

Connor and Hunter were the first ones up.  When I came in the house they
were both sitting at the breakfast bar in just their boxers as usual.  I
poured me a fresh cup of coffee and got the boys a small glass of OJ as I
said, "I don't feel like cooking breakfast today.  What do you guys think
about going out to Denny's or I Hop for breakfast."

They both agreed that would be fun so I told them, "You both have to take a
shower and after you two are done get Sean and Connor up and tell them to
shower.  Since we all need showers we will need to double up so everyone
has enough hot water."  I didn't figure it would be that big of a deal
having the boys shower together since all four had showered together at the
campsite.

They both jumped down from the stools and took off running for their
bathroom.  I told Steve I was headed to the shower and hinted that he could
join me.  When Steve came into the bathroom he asked what was going on.  I
filled him in on the plan for breakfast as he took his boxers off before
joining me in the shower.  We made out for a few minutes before soaping up
a wash cloth and washing each others body.  Of course this caused both of
us to go rock hard in a matter of minutes.  Steve moved behind me grinding
his rock hard dick between my soapy legs.  I could feel the head of his
dick hitting the back side of my balls with each thrust.  Steve reached
around and started to stroke my hard cock as he thrust his cock between my
legs.  It only took a few minutes and I was spewing my wad all over the
shower wall.  Even before I had caught my breath, Steve was pumping his man
cream between my legs as he held me around the waist.  After our breathing
returned to normal, Steve soaped up the wash cloth again and cleaned my
inner thighs and balls again before we rinsed off and got out.

After getting dressed, I walked out to check on the boys and saw Colby
sitting at the breakfast bar and Connor and Hunter both in the living room
watching TV.  I could still hear the shower running so I figured Sean was
still in the shower.  When I looked at Colby he looked like he was in deep
thought.  I also noticed his hair was dry and still a little messy.  I
walked back into the kitchen and asked Colby, "What, no shower this morning
Colby?"  At first he didn't answer as he was still looking down at his
glass of OJ.  I spoke a little louder saying, "Colby, no shower this
morning."

Colby looked up at me but didn't answer right away.  Colby finally said,
"No, I took one last night so I figured I was good."

"Colby are you all right, did you and Sean have an argument or something?
You seem a little distant this morning."

"No I'm fine.  Just a little tired from all the basketball yesterday."

About that time I saw Sean make a dash to his room with no clothes on.  It
sure is a good thing this is an all male household.  I figured Sean would
be ready in just a couple of minutes so I started to go see if Steve, who
was still in our bedroom, was ready.  As I went around the breakfast bar I
gave Colby a couple of pats on the back.  I was shocked when Colby winced
and stopped in my tracks.  I looked Colby in the eyes and asked, "What's
wrong with your back?"

Colby wouldn't look me in the eyes and said, "Nothing, I'm just a little
sore from playing basketball yesterday."

Being in law enforcement for several years, I knew Colby was lying.  I
stepped up to Colby and pulled open the back of his shirt and I was
horrified by what I saw.  I let go of Colby's shirt and then pulled his
chin up so I could look in him in the eyes.  When Colby's eyes met mine he
had tears running down his face.  He knew I had figured out his secret.


**********

Thanks for reading and for all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 52)

Date: Sun, 14 Nov 2010 23:20:31 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 10

Once we were in our tent, Steve climbed on top of me and we started
kissing.  We kissed for several minutes before Steve started kissing his
way down my neck stopping to stick his tongue in my ear, which he knows
drives me crazy.  Steve then kissed his way down to my chest stopping to
suck on both nipples for a few minutes before continuing down to my rock
hard dick.  Steve has become very good at sucking dick over the last few
weeks.  He has learned just what spots to run his tongue over to make me
squirm and how to bring me just to the edge of climaxing before slowing and
allowing my orgasm to subside just a little.  After the second or third
time of Steve bringing me right to the edge, I grabbed his head and pumped
my hard dick into his mouth so he could not stop me from jumping over the
edge into orgasm heaven.  As I jumped over the edge, I let go of Steve's
head as I knew he was not ready to swallow my load yet.  When I let go,
Steve jumped up and kneeled over my with his hard dick right next to mine.
Steve grabbed both our dicks and started stroking them as one.  It only
took about two strokes and I started to shoot all over both our dicks.
This provided Steve with the lube he needed to bring himself to climax, as
he shot his load all over my stomach and chest.  Steve stroked our dicks a
couple of more times and then leaned down to kiss me.  After a few minutes
of kissing Steve cleaned up our mess and laid down next to me with his head
on my chest.  I ran my fingers through Steve's short hair as he fell asleep
in my arms.  Several minutes later I was out for the night also.

**********
Chapter 10

It must have been about two in the morning when Sean woke up.  It was still
a little warm and they were both lying on top of their sleeping bags.  Sean
looked over at his best friend as he slept trying to understand all the
feelings he was having.  Trying to figure out why he wanted to touch
Colby's body, why he thought of Colby when he jacked off.  As these
thoughts were running through his mind his right hand went inside his
boxers and started playing with his growing dick without even thinking
about it.  He lay on his side, playing with his dick, watching his best
friend's chest slowly rise up and down.  Sean's eyes wandered down Colby's
smooth and flat chest and stomach all the way down to the nice size bulge
hidden behind Colby's boxer shorts.  Sean thought back to the shower house
earlier this evening and the first time he got to see Colby's hard dick.
After Colby had allowed him to wash his back and didn't say anything when
he let his wash cloth covered hand move to his butt, Sean decided he would
chance making the first move tonight.

Sean took his hand out of his boxers and placed it on top of Colby's shorts
where he could feel the heat coming from Colby's dick.  Minutes later Sean
could feel Colby's dick start to harden under his hand.  Sean looked at
Colby's face and the red lips that he so wanted to kiss.

Colby was now at full mast with Sean's right hand slowly rubbing up and
down its length, only the thickness of the fabric of his shorts preventing
skin to skin contact.  Colby's mind slowly made its way to consciousness
and realized it was not his hand that was rubbing his dick.  It took Colby
a few minutes to figure out that it was his best friend's hand that was
rubbing his dick and that he was enjoying the feelings it was causing.
Colby opened his eyes just enough to see a hand rubbing his dick.  A little
confused about what was going on, Colby closed his eyes and just enjoyed
what was happening.

Sean took his hand from Colby's dick and laid it on Colby's stomach.  He
started to move his hand around, feeling each muscle of Colby's six-pack.
Sean looked back at Colby's face and realized Colby was awake.  He stopped
the movement of his hand, letting it sit on Colby's smooth chest and
whispered, "Do you want me to stop?"

All Colby could say is, "No."

Sean continued to rub Colby's chest stopping to tweak both nipples before
moving down Colby's smooth stomach.  Colby moaned as Sean reached the waist
band of Colby's boxers.  Sean inched his fingers under the waist band to
find the head of Colby's dick.  Sean picked up the waist band of Colby's
boxers and hooked them under Colby's smooth balls.  Sean took hold of
Colby's dick giving it a squeeze.  He was amazed at how soft the skin of
Colby's dick felt as it pulsed with each beat of his heart.  Sean's finger
made a swipe over the piss slit, spreading the pre-cum that had oozed out.
Sean took hold of Colby's dick and began stroking it up and down.  Colby
started to moan telling Sean to go faster as he rapidly approached his
orgasm.  Colby's body became ridged as he started to pump out the watery
cum of a thirteen year old boy all over his chest and stomach.  Sean kept
pumping his fist up and down Colby's dick as he watched with amazement as
Colby's cum went flying everywhere.

Sean let go of Colby's dick and rolled back over on his back, pushing his
shorts down.  Sean was so excited it only took a few quick strokes to cause
him to blow his load all over the both of them.  After squeezing the last
few drops out, Sean found a shirt to clean himself off and then handed it
to Colby who did the same.  Sean looked over at Colby and said, "That was
so hot," as he pulled his shorts back up.  Colby pulled his boxers up over
his now soft dick and then rolled over on his side reaching around Sean to
pull him into his body so they could cuddle.  As Colby pulled Sean in to
him Colby said, "Yeah, it felt really awesome.  Now come over here and
snuggle up to me, I'm starting to get cold."  A few minutes later they were
both sound asleep with Colby snuggled up against Sean's back.

 Everyone slept in on Sunday morning.  Again after breakfast the boys
wanted to get out on the lake.  We stayed out until mid-afternoon before we
broke camp and headed back home.  We dropped Hunter off at his house on the
way home.  Sean asked Colby if he could spend the rest of the day at our
house playing video games.  Steve and I just looked at each other and
smiled.  Once we got home the three boys helped Steve and I get everything
put away and cleaned up.  After everyone got a shower we spent the rest of
the afternoon just relaxing around the house as the boys played video
games.  I just don't understand the fascination kids have with some of
these video games.  Times have sure changed.

After dinner and some TV Steve told Sean that it was time for Colby to go
home.  Steve and Sean ran Colby home since he lived a few miles from our
house and it was getting late.  When they got home, Connor was already in
bed.  Before Sean went to his room Steve said, "Sean can Mike and I talk
with you for a few minutes before you hit the sack?"

Sean came back into the living room and sat down saying, "I'm not in
trouble am I?"

Steve smiled at Sean and said, "No, you're not in any trouble.  We just
wanted to talk with you about Colby."

Sean got a huge look of concern and said, "OK."

Steve sat down next to Sean and started, "Mike and I understand that Colby
is your best friend.  We have noticed a few things that lead us to believe
that you and Colby are more than just best friends"

I could see Sean's eyes starting to tear up.  I broke in saying, "Sean we
just wanted to talk with you about your relationship with Colby and let you
know that if you and Colby are more than just best friends, your dad and I
are OK with it.  I know that you care a lot about Colby and with your dad
and I being in love with each other, we wanted to make sure that you
understood that we will love you and your brother no matter what."

Steve broke in and said, "Sean, what we are trying to say is that we want
you to know that if you are gay, we are fine with that.  We will love you
and you're brother no matter who you fall in love with."

Sean wiped the tears away and had to clear his throat to say, "I don't know
what it is, but I find myself wanting to always be around Colby.  I like
the feelings I get when I touch him. I'm not sure if I would say that I am
gay or not.  There is this one girl that I have been talking with.  She was
in one of my classes in school last year and we have been calling each
other but I really like being around Colby."

Steve pulled Sean into a hug and told him, "Sean we love you and will
always love you no matter what you decide.  We just wanted you to know that
you and Colby don't have to hide your feelings for each other here in our
house, but you two need to be careful when you guys are out in public.  We
also want you to know that you can come to either one of us if you have any
questions.  I am learning a lot about being in a relationship with another
guy myself, but I want you to feel like you can ask us anything."

Sean whispered, "Thanks.  I will.  Love ya, dad."  He then came over to me,
giving me a big hug saying, "Love you too, dad."  Sean then went to his
room to go to bed and probably beat off before going to sleep.

Over the next couple of weeks I notice that Colby seemed to be at our house
more and more.  It almost seemed like we had three boys instead of just
two.  Not that anyone minded.  Colby was a great kid and we enjoyed having
him over.

Steve also met with our lawyer who told Steve he had served the divorce
papers to Angela and was waiting to hear back from her lawyer.  He also
told Steve that he did not think Steve had anything to worry about getting
full and sole custody of the boys.  Steve came home very happy that evening
and as we were lying in bed he said, "Did I tell you how much I love you?"
Steve had rolled over on top of me and was looking into my eyes and said,
"Bob told me that he contacted Angela's parents and they agreed to testify
for me if Angela fights for custody.  Bob said they told him they wanted us
to have full custody of the boys and hoped that we would allow them to be a
part of their lives.  Would you mind if I called them and asked them to
come up one weekend to spend some time with the boys?"

After I kissed Steve on his soft red lips I said, "Of course not.  I think
that would be great for them to have a set of grandparents in their life.
Since both our sets of parents have passed away, Angela's parents are their
only living grandparents.  Every kid should have the chance to spend time
with grandpa and grandma."

Steve kissed me again and then moved down to my chest stopping at each
nipple before moving down to my rock hard dick.  After a few minutes of
teasing, Steve finally took my dick into his hot wet mouth.  Steve had
become very good at sucking dick and knew how to drive me crazy with his
tongue swirling around the head of my dick.  As I was getting close, I
pulled Steve off my dick and told him to turn around so we could do a
sixty-nine.

Man, I love the feeling of Steve's dick in my mouth.  With its head larger
than the shaft, it made it easy to drive him crazy as my lips moved over
the edges of his swollen dick head.  As I started on Steve, he went back to
work on me and within a couple of minutes both of us were moaning, causing
both of us to race towards our climax even faster.  Steve was the first to
jump over the edge, pulling my dick out of his mouth in time to warn me he
was about to cum.

I really didn't need Steve to tell me he was about to cum anymore.  I could
tell when Steve was about to come.  His low hanging balls, which I loved to
play with as I sucked his dick, would contract up towards his body and the
head of his dick becomes rock hard just before he shoots his load.

Steve continued to stroke my dick as he shot his load all over my chest.
Just as I squeezed the last couple of drops out of his dick, I shot my load
all over his smooth chest.  After we both came down from our climax, and
our breathing returned back to normal, I got up to get a wet wash cloth to
clean the cum off our chests.  I cleaned up in the bathroom and then came
back to bed to clean Steve's chest.  After getting back into bed, Steve
rolled over on top of me again and gave me a few quick kisses before he
laid his head on my chest and said, "Did I tell you how much I love you
today?"  I kissed the top of his head and said, "I think you just did and I
love you too."  A few minutes later Steve's rhythmic breathing told me he
had fallen asleep on my chest.  A few minutes later I was sound asleep
also.

---

Untitled (Chapter 53)

Date: Sat, 6 Nov 2010 22:30:57 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 9

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories, please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services

After a few minutes to let Steve's breathing return to normal, I moved back
up Steve's body, stopping to clean Steve up with his boxers that I had
taken off during my decent to Steve's hole.  I continued crawling up to
Steve's beautiful lips and kissed Steve.  After a few minutes of making out
Steve said, "Dam, that was out of this world, I have never felt any thing
like that before and have certainly never shot without toughing myself."

"I'm glad you liked it.  I know you wanted to take things slow so I was a
little worried you were not ready for that."

"Well, I'm not sure I am ready to go all the way yet but that was fantastic
and when we do go all the way it will be hard to top that.  I love you so
much."

"I love you too.  We better get some sleep now because I'm sure the boys
will be up early wanting to hit the water.  You can repay me tomorrow
night."  I laid my head down on Steve's chest where I could hear his heart
beating still a little faster than normal but before long I could feel his
breathing become slow and deep and I knew my love had fallen to sleep.

*********
Chapter 9

The next morning the birds started chirping soon after the sun came up,
waking me from a deep sleep.  As I woke I realized two things.  First, I
realized how nice it felt having the love of my life spooned up against my
back with his arm draped over my side, gently pulling me into his body.
After I relished this moment for a few minutes, the second realization came
to the forefront of my mind.  That was this: I had to piss like a race
horse.

As bad as I didn't want this moment to end, I reluctantly pulled Steve's
arm off, opened the tent and almost ran to the wood line with my semi hard
dick pouncing out of my boxers and pissed for what seemed to be several
minutes.  After shaking the last drops off, I walked over to Connor and
Hunter's tent to let Max out so he could take care of his morning business
and then went to check on Sean and Colby.

I wasn't surprised at what I saw when I peeked in their tent.  It had
stayed warm throughout the night, no surprise, we are in Texas.  The boys
never did get in their sleeping bags and were both lying on top of their
sleeping bags in just their boxers.  They were both on their right sides
with Colby spooned up against Sean's back, his arm draped over Sean's side
and Sean holding Colby's hand.  These two boys were clearly in love.

All the boys were still sound asleep so I started the coffee and played
fetch with Max as I waited for it to finish.  Just as I was pouring me a
cup, I heard Steve getting out of our tent and walk over to the wood line
to relieve himself, so I poured him a cup also.  Sitting down with my
coffee I thought to myself how lucky we were to get this secluded camp site
so us men could be men and pee in the woods where ever we wanted.  Steve
joined me, giving me a good morning kiss and saying, "Good morning sexy,"
before sitting down next to me as Max came up to greet him.

We sat there enjoying the quiet out in nature holding hands as we enjoyed
our morning coffee.  With our busy lives we don't get to enjoy times like
this very often so we made the most of it.  After almost an hour of pure
bliss, spending this quiet time with the love of my life, we heard the boys
starting to stir.  I said, "I guess I had better get breakfast going, maybe
the smell of food will get these boys out of their tents."  As I stood,
Steve pulled me down so we could kiss one more time before the boys were up
and whispered in my ear, "Oh, by the way, last night was amazing, I really
like what we did last night."  I just smiled a little with my face turning
bright red as I walked over to start breakfast.

It was still our traditional Saturday morning breakfast of bacon and eggs,
even though we were camping.  I fried up a pound and a half of bacon and
beat up a dozen and a half eggs, remembering when I took my son and his
friends out camping and how much four growing boys can eat.  The smell of
frying bacon did its job, as it was not too long before we could hear
voices coming from the boys' tents.  First out were Connor and Hunter, both
walking to the wood line to a different tree to piss.  Hunter was heading
back to their tent when I heard Connor remind him we did breakfast in our
boxers on Saturday mornings as he walked towards the picnic table where I
was fixing breakfast.

A few minutes later I looked up to see Sean and Colby crawling out of their
tent, both supporting morning wood as they walked to the wood line to
relieve themselves.  I noticed they used the same tree rather than going to
separate trees.  After they relieved themselves, their morning wood was
less obvious as they joined the rest of us at the table.

Breakfast tasted even better than usual.  Why does food taste better when
you are out in nature?  The boys finished every last crumb before Sean
said, "Come on guys we have clean up duty since my dads fixed us
breakfast."  When my eyes met Sean's he just smiled, as he started to clean
up the dishes.  It was the first time Sean had called me dad and it felt
good.

We spent most of the day out on the lake.  The boys continued their tube
war games with an occasional stop to rest and grab something to drink or to
snack.  By dinner time they were exhausted and ready for a good meal so we
headed back to our secluded campsite.

After a great dinner of steak and baked potatoes the boys again teamed up
on clean up duty without being asked.  Since it was still a little warm we
all walked down to the lake to cool off in the water.  Boys being boys it
ended up turning into a big wrestling match.  At first Steve and I just
watched the boys play, but soon after they started they all came at Steve
and me.  It soon became a wrestling match between Steve and me versus the
four boys.  We had half naked boys crawling all over us trying to dunk us.
As soon as we would throw one boy off, another would crawl up our back,
desperately trying to gang up on us in order to dunk us.  It was a lot of
fun and even Max got in on the fun, swimming around us and barking up a
storm.  Steve and I broke free and headed for shore to sit and relax a
little watching the boys swim.

The boys went back to trying to dunk one another.  In the mayhem Connor
tried to grab Colby but missed as Colby moved just out of his reach.
Connor was able to grab onto Colby's swim trunks and as Colby tried to swim
away Connor didn't let go of the shorts and Colby swam right out of his
shorts.  Connor started a game of keep away as Colby ran around trying to
get his shorts back.  Steve and I just laughed at the boys.  Colby gave up
after a few minutes and just started swimming around showing off his cream
white butt for everyone to see.  Sean was smiling from ear to ear as he
watched Colby.  The next thing I know Sean was throwing his shorts to shore
and also started swimming around.  Connor and Hunter looked over at Steve
and me with a confused look on their face.  Steve said, "It's fine with
Mike and me if you want to skinny dip.  No one else can see you but it's up
to you."  Connor looked at Hunter with a smile on his face and a couple of
seconds later two more pair of shorts where headed at Steve and I.  The
boys swam around naked, but never really started wrestling again.  They
would just swim by one another and then dive under the water, showing off
their butts to one another.  After watching for a while Steve and I
gathered the boys' shorts up and walked back up to the campsite as the boys
continued with their game of flashing each other.

About a half hour later the boys start walking into shore looking for their
shorts. Sean yelled out, "Hey where are our shorts?"  Steve and I broke out
laughing when we looked back at them.  All four boys were standing on
shore, each with their hands covering their dicks, as they looked for their
shorts.  Steve and I each grabbed two bath towels and walked back to the
shore line.  As we handed each boy a towel they had to take their hands
away from their dicks so we got a quick peek at each of them.  With all the
boys being about the same age they were all in about the same stages of
puberty, with just a small patch of hair above their dicks with Sean and
Colby having a little more than Connor and Hunter.

Steve said, "Why don't you guys grab some clean shorts and your shower
stuff and get up to the shower before dinner.  Once you guys are done,
Steve and I will take our showers."

After getting the stuff they needed, all four boys walked up to the shower
house wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around them.  When they entered
the shower house they found one big shower stall with only two shower
heads.  Sean said, "I guess since we were all skinny dipping together we
might as well shower together."  With that he dropped his towel and walked
into the shower stall.  Colby and Connor dropped their towels and followed
Sean without even thinking about it.  Hunter stood there for a moment as he
watched the three naked boys walk into the shower.  He was worried he might
pop a boner while in the shower with his friends.  Connor looked back and
saw Hunter standing there saying, "Come on Hunter you've seen me naked
before.  Sean and Colby don't have anything we don't have.  In fact they
are a little on the small side," as he started laughing.  Hunter dropped
his towel and walked to the shower head that Connor was using.  Of course,
there was a lot of comparing going on as they washed their bodies.

Sean asked Colby, "Do you want me to wash your back for you?"  All Colby
said was, "Sure."

Sean soaped his wash cloth up and started at the top of Colby's shoulders,
washing his way down his back.  Sean's dick started to chub a little as he
went further down Colby's back.  By the time Sean got down to Colby's butt,
his dick was at full mast.  As Sean washed Colby's butt, Colby's dick
started to harden.  Of course, this didn't go unnoticed by Connor and
Hunter.  Connor started laughing and yelling, "Boner alert, boner alert!"

Colby just looked down at his four and a half inch hard on and then looked
back at Connor and said, "You're just jealous that your dick is smaller
than mine."

Connor shot back, "I'm a year younger than you and my hard on is just as
big."

Colby said, "Oh yeah?  Prove it."

Connor started to stroke his dick and it soon grew to its full length of
just over four inches.  Connor and Colby stepped up to each other holding
their hard dicks down to compare.  With both Sean and Hunter looking on
Colby said, "Gotch ya by a good quarter inch in length but, I have to admit
yours is just as big around as mine."

Just about the time Connor was reaching out to touch Colby's dick, they
heard someone enter the shower house.  They all jumped back into the
showers, covering their quickly shrinking dicks.  They went back to washing
their hair and waited for the intruder to leave.  When they heard the
intruder leave, they decided they had better finish up and get back to
camp.  After drying off, they all slipped into their boxers and then headed
back to camp wrapped in their towels, teasing each other about almost
getting caught.

Once the boys got back to camp, Steve and I walked up to the shower house
to take a shower.  Steve and I realized it would not be wise to try and
take advantage of the big shower.  As we were showering, I was thinking to
myself that I would need to rethink the remodeling idea of my bathroom I
was thinking about taking on before Steve and the boys moved in.  A bigger
shower that Steve and I could share would be awesome.  Steve and I finished
up and went back to our campsite to find the boys sitting around the fire
they had built.  We spent the next couple of hours relaxing around the
campfire and enjoying each others company.  The boys relived the day's tube
wars and, after a little arguing, they all agreed to call the war a draw.

It was getting close to midnight as the boys headed off to their tents.
Again, I noticed that Connor and Hunter went to separate trees to piss and
Sean and Colby used the same tree.  With the boys and Max all settled in
bed, Steve and I went to our tent.  I was about to climb into the tent when
Steve came up behind me and started to pull my boxers down.  I turned
around and looked him in the eyes.  He just smiled and whispered, "They are
just going to get in my way."

Once we were in our tent, Steve climbed on top of me and we started
kissing.  We kissed for several minutes before Steve started kissing his
way down my neck stopping to stick his tongue in my ear, which he knows
drives me crazy.  Steve then kissed his way down to my chest stopping to
suck on both nipples for a few minutes before continuing down to my rock
hard dick.  Steve has become very good at sucking dick over the last few
weeks.  He has learned just what spots to run his tongue over to make me
squirm and how to bring me just to the edge of climaxing before slowing and
allowing my orgasm to subside just a little.  After the second or third
time of Steve bringing me right to the edge, I grabbed his head and pumped
my hard dick into his mouth so he could not stop me from jumping over the
edge into orgasm heaven.  As I jumped over the edge, I let go of Steve's
head as I knew he was not ready to swallow my load yet.  When I let go,
Steve jumped up and kneeled over me with his hard dick right next to mine.
Steve grabbed both our dicks and started stroking them as one.  It only
took about two strokes and I started to shoot all over both our dicks.
This provided Steve with the lube he needed to bring himself to climax, as
he shot his load all over my stomach and chest.  Steve stroked our dicks a
couple of more times and then leaned down to kiss me.  After a few minutes
of kissing Steve cleaned up our mess and laid down next to me with his head
on my chest.  I ran my fingers through Steve's short hair as he fell asleep
in my arms.  Several minutes later I was out for the night also.

**********

Thanks for reading and all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 54)

Date: Tue, 2 Nov 2010 22:12:22 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 8

We kissed for a few more minutes and then just laid there enjoying the feel
of each other with Steve still on top of me.  After a while I said, "You
know if we don't clean up we will be stuck like this all night."  Steve
just laughed saying "I don't mind, I love the feeling of our bodies
touching."

"Yea, but what happens if one of the boys come in our room and find us
stuck together like this?"

"I guess you're right, even though I think they both have figured out that
we do more than sleep in the bed together," Steve said as he rolled over to
grab his boxers to clean us both up.  He laid back down with his head on my
chest as we both fell asleep.  I love falling asleep with Steve's head on
my chest and snuggling up against me.  I don't think we moved all night
long.

*********
Chapter 8

On Monday morning I made a call to my attorney to set up an appointment for
Steve.  Now that the six month waiting period was almost over, Steve didn't
want to wait any longer to start the divorce process.  I was able to get an
appointment for Monday evening.

With school being out for summer, our normal schedule was a little
different but not too much.  I went in to work before Steve and, being a
patrol officer near where I lived; I was able to stop by the house a couple
of times during the day to check in on the boys since they were staying
home by themselves.  We set some rules for them, like having to call me or
Steve before they went anywhere, and only one friend each could be at our
house without Steve or I being at home.  Sean and Connor were very
responsible and well behaved kids so we didn't think we would have any
problems with them.

I was home before Steve each afternoon and would start dinner each night,
usually helped by one or both of the boys.  Tonight it would be just the
boys and I since Steve had an appointment with our lawyer.  At dinner Sean
asked if we could go camping this weekend.  I told them I thought that
sounded like fun and told them to ask their dad and asked if they would
like they could invite their friends.

When Steve got home after his appointment, Sean asked him about going
camping this weekend and he thought it was a great idea.  I gave Steve a
kiss without even thinking about the boys being right there.  We had never
kissed in front of the boys before but they didn't seem to think anything
about it.  We spent the evening watching TV with the boys. About 9pm, Steve
grabbed my hand pulling me up and started to walk towards our bedroom.
Steve told the boys, "You two can stay up until ten and then off to bed."

After we both got ready for bed we both climbed in with nothing on and
Steve started kissing me.  After several minutes of making out, Steve
propped himself up on his elbow and asked, "Do you want to know what the
lawyer said?"

"Of course I do.  I figured you didn't want to talk about it in front of
the boys, so I didn't say anything earlier."

"Well, after telling him everything that happened back at Fort Bragg,
including the drugs I found, and the proof that I have about all the guys
Angela fucked, Bob said we had nothing to worry about.  I hope you don't
get mad at me but Bob told me I needed to be totally honest with him about
our relationship.  So I told him that we are boyfriends and we do sleep
together.  He said he figured as much, and would start the paperwork so
Angela can be served as soon as the six month waiting period over.  He said
he would also call her and her lawyer, if she has one, to let them know all
the proof that we have and tell her if she fights me for custody of the
boys he would have no choice but to put all of her dirty laundry out in
public court.  Bob also stated that when I get full custody of the boys he
would stipulate that she pay me child support in the same amount of what I
would have to give her from my retirement when I retire from the Army.  He
believes he will be able get her to sign a paper to forfeit that money if I
didn't ask for child support.  Anyway, everything went well and I don't
think Angela will put up to much of a fight.  With any luck, in just a
couple of months I will be a free man."

"That's awesome, and I am so happy everything went so well."  I pulled
Steve back into me, starting another ten minute make out session.  After
that, Steve put his head on my chest and we both fell asleep.

The rest of the week went by quickly without incident and before you knew
it the weekend was here.  Since I was off on Friday, I took the boys to get
them each a tent.  I already have a two man tent I used when I worked with
a local Boy Scout troop.  Steve and I talked and figured since both boys
had asked their best friends to join us, we would get them each a small
tent so we would all have some privacy.

Sean and Connor helped me all day getting all the camping gear packed and
had the boat hooked up and ready to go so as soon as Steve got home we
could head to the lake.  About an hour before Steve got home the boys'
friends showed up.  Both Colby and Hunter had their day packs with their
clothes and stuff.  Right at five o'clock Steve pulled in the driveway; of
course the boys were all over him, trying to get him to get changed as fast
as he could so we could leave.

Twenty minutes later we were all packed in the truck with Max in the back
heading for the lake.  We got our camp site as far away from the other
campers as we could.  We lucked out and got the far campsite that was in a
small cove all by itself.  It had a nice place to beach the boat and we
could swim right in the cove if we wanted to.

After camp was set up we all jumped back in the truck and drove to the boat
launch.  After launching the boat we took off across the lake as fast as
the boat would take us.  All four boys were sitting up front, Sean and
Colby on the left and Connor and Hunter on the right side.  We got the
tubes filled and the boys started their weekend of tube wars.  It was
Connor and Hunter on the two small tubes against Sean and Colby riding
together on the larger tube.  After about an hour of tubing the boys said
they were hungry, so we headed back to camp for the night.

Steve made some hamburgers on the grill as I cut up all the fixings for
them.  I forgot how much four boys can eat, each boy eating two hamburgers
with all the fixings along with two bags of chips between them.  While
Steve and I were working on dinner the boys got a campfire started so they
could roast marshmallows after dinner.

By the time we finished dinner and had everything cleaned up it was getting
dark and had cooled off enough that the fire felt nice.  Steve and I sat
next to each other drinking a beer and the boys were roasting their
marshmallows on the fire.  About ten the boys headed off to bed.  With the
boys off in their tents, Steve reached over and took hold of my hand.  We
knew we had to be careful around the boys' friends for the time being.  We
sat by the fire, holding hands listening to the boys talking quietly.  They
were quiet enough that we couldn't make out what they were saying, but
could hear a loud laugh every now and then.  After about an hour, Steve
leaned over and kissed me and asked, "Are you ready to hit the sack?"

"Oh yeah,", I said.  With that, we headed for our tent which we
strategically placed as far away from the boys' tents as would could.
While Steve got ready for bed, I walked over to the boys' tents letting Max
in with Connor and Hunter.  They were both sound asleep, still lying on top
of their sleeping bags since it was still a little warm.  I stopped to look
in on Sean and Colby and they too were sound asleep.  Colby was lying on
his back with Sean lying on his side facing Colby with his right hand lying
on Colby's flat stomach just above Colby's boxers.  They looked so cute.

After making sure camp was secure for the night, I went over to our tent
and climbed in to a beautiful site of Steve lying there in nothing but his
boxers.  I leaned down and kissed Steve on the lips as I lay down next to
him.  After I broke the kiss, I told him what I saw in Sean's tent.  Steve
just laughed a little and said, "I think you and I need to have a talk with
him as soon as we can.  I want him to know that we are ok with him being
gay if that is what he thinks he is.  I don't want him to live a life like
I did, denying what I was all those years."

"Yeah, I think we should have a talk with him and just let him know that we
will love him no matter what he becomes in the coming years.  Now days,
kids seem to explore their sexuality before they figure things out, but I
think he really likes Colby."

I started kissing Steve again, working my way down his neck, stopping at
each nibble, then continued down his smooth six pack to his dick that was
now standing straight up through the piss slit of his boxers.  Steve spread
his legs giving me room to slide down between them as I licked down one
side of his rock hard cock and up the other.  After sucking on his large
mushroom head for a couple of minutes and getting his boxers off, I worked
my way down the underside of his dick to his low hanging balls.  I have
never seen a set of balls hang so low, with each nut being about the size
of a small egg, hanging in a sack with absolutely no hair.  I took each nut
in my mouth one at a time, gently moving it around with my tongue.

Steve was steadily moaning into his pillow that he had placed over his face
to muffle his moans so as to not wake the boys sleeping just on the other
side of camp.  I pushed up on Steve's legs, pushing then up until his knees
were against his chest.  I had hold his balls in one hand to move them out
of the way because they were hanging down so low, just to gain access to
his lovely pink hole.  Steve's whole body jumped when my tongue made
contact with his lovely hole and I actually felt his hole spasm as I
swirled my tongue around it.  I knew Steve was getting close as I pushed in
with my tongue trying to gain access to a place no man has ever been on
Steve.  As I continued to lick his hole I felt Steve's whole body shudder
as his hole contracted around my tongue.  Steve yelled into his pillow, "I
cumming, oh God, I'm cumming."  With each contraction of Steve's pink hole,
his dick pumped a rope of man juice, the first hitting him in the chin, the
others landing all over his smooth chest and stomach without even touching
himself.

After a few minutes to let Steve's breathing return to normal, I moved back
up Steve's body, stopping to clean Steve up with his boxers that I had
taken off during my decent to Steve's hole.  I continued crawling up to
Steve's beautiful lips and kissed Steve.  After a few minutes of making out
Steve said, "Damn, that was out of this world.  I have never felt anything
like that before and have certainly never shot without touching myself."

"I'm glad you liked it.  I know you wanted to take things slow, so I was a
little worried you were not ready for that."

"Well, I'm not sure I am ready to go all the way yet, but that was
fantastic and when we do go all the way it will be hard to top that.  I
love you so much."

"I love you too.  We better get some sleep now because I'm sure the boys
will be up early wanting to hit the water.  You can repay me tomorrow
night."  I laid my head down on Steve's chest where I could hear his heart
beating still a little faster than normal, but before long I could feel his
breathing become slow and deep and I knew my love had fallen to sleep.

---

Untitled (Chapter 55)

Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2010 22:51:20 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 7

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories, please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services.

From Chapter 6

What I saw in the bed made me go get my camera.  Sean and Colby were in the
bed and had kicked the covers off, both just in their boxers.  Colby was
spooning Sean from behind with his right arm hanging over Sean's mid
section with his hand cupping Sean's morning wood and Sean's hand on top of
Colby's.  After snapping a couple of pictures of Sean and Colby, along with
a couple of Greg and his morning wood sticking up, I quietly closed the
door and went to sit outside on the deck with a cup of coffee.  Steve
joined me a short time later and I showed him the pictures I took.  He just
laughed and said, "I will have to save these for some black mailing
purposes in a few years.  Steve and I enjoyed the quiet for a couple of
hours before Max got up, wanting to go back in the house, signaling he
heard the boys stirring inside the house.  We both went inside and put on
some shorts and a shirt since we had guests in the house and then went to
the kitchen to fix everyone some brunch.  Since the boys slept in so late,
you really couldn't call it breakfast.

As the boys smelled the food, they all came out to the kitchen.  Sean and
Connor must have told their friends about our tradition of weekend
breakfast attire as they all came out in nothing but their boxers.  They
all filled up on pancakes and sausage and then all took a turn in the
shower while the others played the new game they gave Sean for his
birthday.  A short time later, we drove the boys' home and then came back
to the house to relax a little.

**********

Chapter 7

About mid afternoon as we were all relaxing around the house, the boys
playing Sean's new video game.  Me and Steve relaxing on the couch with me
giving Steve a foot message and watching a baseball game on TV when the
doorbell rang.

When I opened the door I was stunned to see Steve's wife standing at the
door with who I assumed were her parents standing behind her.  I had never
met her in person, but I new her from the boy's picture they had of her on
their dresser.  I called Steve to the door without opening it all the way.
I could see the blood leave Steve's face when he realized who was at the
door.  As Steve opened the door and went outside, I put my hand on his back
letting him know I was there for him.  I closed the door behind us just in
case the boys came out of Sean's room.

Steve quietly said to Angela, "What are you doing here."

Angela said, "My parents and I wanted to see the boys and since it is
Sean's birthday today we thought we would take the boys out to eat and give
him his birthday presents."

Steve just looked at her in disbelief saying, "You really expect me to
believe that?  You have not so much as picked up a phone to call Sean or
Connor in the last three months and now you show up here unannounced
wanting to take them out to eat?"

Angela started getting a little loud telling Steve, "They are my boys too;
I can spend time with them any time I want.  My parents and I drove all the
way up from San Antonio and we want to see my kids."

Just as Steve was about to loose his temper with Angela, the front door
opened with Sean and Connor standing inside.  Steve tried to play it off as
a surprise for Sean as he said, "Look who's here Sean, your mom and
grandparents!" Sean and Connor came out and gave Angela and their
grandparents a hug.  You could tell they were a little hesitant though.  I
think they had only seen Angela's parents a half a dozen times in their
entire lives.

Everyone was kind of standing there looking at each other, not knowing what
to say or do, so I spoke up, "Why don't we all go inside where it's
cooler", as I opened the front door.  Once inside, we all set down in the
living room.  I asked if I could get anyone a drink. I poked Steve
motioning for him to come with me into the kitchen.  We could hear Angela
and her parents talking with the boys, asking them about school, friends
and how they like it here as we got everyone something to drink.

While we were getting the drinks, Steve asked, "What the hell does she
think she is doing.  I will not let her take the kids out of here.  I know
she would just run off to San Antonio with them."

I whispered back, "When we take the drinks back, ask her to join you on the
back porch and tell her she and her parents can spend a couple of hours
with the boys here at the house but tell her we already had plans for
dinner."

Steve and I went back to the living room with the drinks.  Angela asked
Sean if he wanted to open his birthday presents.  What kid in his right
mind would say no to that question?  Sean opened his presents from his
grandparents first.  They got him a couple of new games for his play
station, one of them being the same game his friends gave him the night
before.  Sean was a perfect gentleman, smiling and thanking them with a
hug.  He then opened the small box from Angela which contained two gift
cards from Sean's favorite places to shop for clothes.  Sean thanked his
mom with a hug and Angela said, "You and I can go shopping together when
you come down to San Antonio to stay with me and your grandparents."  I saw
Sean's eyes shoot to Steve wide open as if to plead for help.

With a lot of concern in his voice Steve said, "Angela, can I talk with you
outside? Now!"  Angela just stared at Steve as she got up and walked out
the back door onto the back porch with Steve right behind her.  I stayed in
the living room with the boys and their grandparents.

You could feel the tension in the air.  Finally Angela's mother cleared her
throat saying, "We're sorry to just drop in on you without calling.  Angela
insisted on coming here today even after I told her she should call and ask
first.  I just want you to know that we don't agree with how Angela is
treating Steve, he is a very nice young man. However, my husband and I
would like to see more of our grandsons and hopefully be part of their
lives."  I actually felt a little sorry for Angela's parents.

The boys showed the grandparents their rooms and while they were looking at
Sean's room they put in one of the games that they got him and started to
play it, showing their grandparents their video playing skills.  Like any
good grandparents, they acted like they were interested.  While the boys
were entertaining their grandparents, I went into the kitchen so I could
see, and hopefully hear, Steve and Angela who were still out on the back
porch.

It was not hard to hear Angela who had gotten a little loud saying, "I
don't care what I said before I left you at Fort Bragg.  I am going to get
the boys to live with me in San Antonio and take half your retirement from
you.  Once I tell my lawyer that you are sleeping with another man I will
get custody of the boys. What judge in his right mind would let two boys
live with two faggots?"

I could see Steve clenching his fists and his face was turning beat red.  I
could see the anger in his eyes and hear it in his voice as he calmly said,
"I will fight you all the way.  If you drag Mike into this, the court will
hear about all the men you fucked in our bed while our boys were in the
next room and about all the drugs.  Yeah, I know about that too.  I don't
think any court would ever give you our boys when I show them the proof I
have.  You should just walk away and leave me and the boys alone.  Go live
your life jumping from one soldier's bed to another.  I don't want you
around me or the boys. Now, if you and your parents will leave our house,
Mike and I have dinner reservations with OUR boys."

With that Steve opened the back door and Angela came storming back in
shouting for her parents.  The boys came back to the living room with their
grandparents.  Angela gave both the boys a quick hug and walked out the
front door.  She turned to Steve as she went through the front door saying,
"This isn't over!"

Angela's parents gave both the boys hugs and said they enjoyed spending
some time with them.  Angela's father came over to Steve and I and shook
our hands.  "I just want the both of you to know that my wife and I don't
agree with how Angela is handling this and we hope that we can still be a
part of our grandson's lives."

Steve said, "Any time you and your wife want to come up to see the boys
just give me a call, at this point I would have to ask that you not bring
Angela with you."

Angela's father said, "I understand, and we will call you very soon to set
up a visit."  Angela's mom gave the boys another hug and kiss as did her
husband and then they went out to the car where Angela was waiting.

As soon as they left, Steve told the boys to get cleaned up and put on some
nice clothes so we could go out for dinner.  Steve grabbed my hand and led
me to our bedroom.  As we were getting ready Steve asked me if I had heard
everything and I told him I had only heard the last part.  Steve said, "I
really don't want to repeat it know, I just want to forget about her and
have a nice dinner with my family.  We will need to make an appointment
with your lawyer as soon as we can though."  With that, we both got dressed
for dinner and headed out to the best steak house in town.

We all enjoyed our dinner and the boys couldn't stop talking about how much
fun they had with their friends on the boat and having them spend the
night.  Towards the end of dinner Sean said, "I really wanted to thank you
guys for the computer and new room.  I really love both of you and please
tell me that Connor and I are going to stay here with you guys and not have
to live with mom."  By the time he finished he had tears running down his
cheeks and his voice was quivering.  Steve jumped up and grabbed both boys
in a big hug, "I love you two more than anything and Mike and I are going
to do everything we can to make sure that you both stay with us forever.
Don't worry about your mom, if you don't want to see her then you don't
have too.  I promise everything will be OK."

Half of the restaurant was looking at our table, some with looks of concern
and others with looks of awww how cute.  It was late by the time we got
home and the boys went straight to bed. It had been a long day for all of
us and Steve and I were right behind them.

I was lying in bed when Steve climbed in.  I was a little surprised when he
climbed right on top of me.  Of course we no longer wore anything to bed
and I so loved the feeling of his smooth skin against mine.  Steve started
kissing me, pushing his tongue past my lips and started a wrestling war
with my tongue.  I had spread my legs a little allowing Steve to lay
between them so our growing dicks were rubbing together.  After several
minutes of making out, Steve stopped and looked right into my eyes and
said, "I love you so much.  I wanted you to know how happy me and the boys
are here.  Thank you for being there for me and the boys today.  When I
went in to say goodnight to Sean he told me he was glad that his dad fell
in love with such a great guy."  Then he started his assault on my tongue
again.  He moved from my mouth to my neck and ears, which drives me crazy.
I was moaning so load, I am sure the boys could hear me on the other side
of the house.  Steve moved down my neck to my slightly hairy chest, moving
to my right nipple where he suckled like a baby, all the time moving his
soft hands all over my upper body.  I was so hard my dick hurt.  About the
time Steve moved to my left nipple, I realized I was slowly moving my hips,
rubbing my rock hard dick on Steve's smooth six-pack, causing an amazing
sensation.  I could feel the pre-cum leaking out of my dick providing the
perfect amount of natural lube as my cock slid between us.  Steve started
licking his was down my torso, only stopping for a short time to clean the
pre-cum out of my navel before moving to my cock.  I realized I was holding
my breath as Steve took his first tentative lick over the head of my
throbbing head.  I had to tell myself to breath as I felt the warmth of his
mouth and smooth lips slide over the head, taking a little more each time.
Being his first time sucking cock he was doing a great job and I knew I
wasn't going to last very long.  I moved my hands down to Steve's head,
taking hold of it, as he moved his head up and down.  "I'm close," I said
still holding on to Steve's head.  I began to pump my hips, holding Steve's
head still, fucking his mouth.  After only a few seconds I was ready to
blow.  "Oh God, Oh God, I'm cumming!" was all I got out before I went over
the edge.  Steve pulled off just in time, using his hand to stoke my cock
as I shot all over my stomach.  After my breathing returned to near normal,
I opened my eyes to see Steve crawling back up on top of me, bring his
mouth back to mine.  I could feel my cum squishing between us as Steve's
hard dick used it as lube as he ground his hips into me.  After just a
minute or two Steve started breathing hard and I could feel his cock start
to throb as it pumped his man juice between us, mixing with mine.

We kissed for a few more minutes and then just lay there, enjoying the feel
of each other with Steve still on top of me.  After a while I said, "You
know if we don't clean up we will be stuck like this all night."  Steve
just laughed saying "I don't mind, I love the feeling of our bodies
touching."

"Yea, but what happens if one of the boys come in our room and find us
stuck together like this?"

"I guess you're right, even though I think they both have figured out that
we do more than sleep in the bed together," Steve said as he rolled over to
grab his boxers to clean us both up.  He laid back down with his head on my
chest as we both fell a sleep.  I love falling asleep with Steve's head on
my chest and him snuggled up against me.  I don't think we moved all night
long.

**********

Thanks for reading and all the positive feed back.  Please feel free to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 56)

Date: Wed, 13 Oct 2010 23:50:44 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 6

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories, please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services.

From Chapter 5

I gave Steve's dick a couple of strokes with my hand, squeezing the last
bit of cum out.  After Steve was able to slow his breathing down, I crawled
back up his side and kissed him again and whispered, "I hope you liked
that."

Steve just sighed saying, "That was amazing, I love you so much.  Know it
is your turn."

Still whispering into his ear I said, "It was my pleasure, and I love you
too.  Ah I, ah kind of took care of myself as I was taking care of you, so
ah thanks for the offer but I'm not in my twenties anymore so I think I
will have to take a rain check on that offer."

Steve just laughed a little as he pulled me on top of him, kissing me.  His
lips are so soft; I could kiss him all night long.  After several minutes
of making out, I rolled off Steve and, with him spooning me from behind, we
both fell sound asleep.

********* Chapter 6

Connor almost spilled the beans a couple of times, but we made it to Sean's
birthday bash without him finding out about his new room or laptop.  Of
course both boys were very excited about taking their friends out on the
boat and then the sleep over so Steve and I weren't surprised when they
were knocking on our door asking if we were going to sleep all day.  It was
my turn to make our traditional Saturday morning breakfast so I got up,
slipped some boxers on, and after emptying my bladder, I went out to help
the boys make some bacon and eggs.

Sean already had the bacon going, and Connor was mixing the eggs as I
walked into the kitchen saying, "Why are you guys in such a rush to get
breakfast this morning?"  Sean just looked at me with a smirk on his face
saying, "Very funny Mike, you know what today is, we just want to get out
to the lake as soon as we can."

As I was turning the coffee make on, I leaned towards the window and said,
"I don't know boys, it looks like rain outside, I think we are going to
have to call this boat trip off today."

Connor said, "Very funny Mike, when I let Max out there was not a cloud in
the sky and we turned the TV on to the morning news and the weather man
said it was going to be a beautiful day today, so go get dad's butt out of
bed because breakfast is almost ready."

Just as Connor finished his sentence, Steve came around the corner with a
big smile on his face saying, "The weather man just said it might rain
today."  Then he walked over to me and kissed me.  Connor yelled, "Ha, ha
dad. Mike already tried that and, get a room, will ya!"  We both just
laughed as we sat down at the table.

The boys shoveled their breakfast down in like two minutes flat and after
putting their dishes in the dish washer, they both ran back to their rooms
to change into their swim suits.  An hour later we had the boat hooked up
and were headed to pick up the boy's friends and then it was out to the
lake.  Since it was Sean's birthday we let him drive us to our favorite
cove.  The boat had hardly stopped and all five boys had their shirts off
and were jumping off the front of the boat for a quick swim while Steve and
I blew up the tubes.

When the boys climbed back on the boat, I couldn't help but look at Sean's
friends and wish I was thirteen again.  Colby was about the same height as
Sean with light brown hair and blue eyes.  Sean had told us that Colby was
on the school wrestling team and his body showed it.  Colby was also
thirteen and already had a lot of muscle definition and what looked like a
nice size bulge in his wet shorts that were clinging to his body.  In
short, he was a little hotty.  Greg was also cute, with black hair and deep
brown eyes, but he still had a little baby fat on him.  Connor's friend
Hunter looked a lot like Sean, same hair and deep blue eyes and must be of
Latino decent with his olive skin color.

We had three tubes so all the boys could ride at one time.  Connor and
Hunter rode together on one tub while Sean and Colby paired up on another,
with Greg on the smaller tube alone.  I took it easy on them for a while
giving them a nice long ride and then cranked it up a little bit until Sean
and Colby flew off after being hit by both the other tubes.  They switched
positions for the next go around and after an hour or so were ready for a
break.

All the boys came up on the boat and got something to drink.  They were all
laughing at each other and each claiming victory over the others.  Steve
and I just sat there smiling, listening to them go back and forth.  This
went on throughout the day and each time the boys came up on the boat I
noticed that Sean and Colby would always sit next to each other.  As I
started to watch them a little closer, I noticed that when they sat next to
each other their legs would be touching and I noticed Sean was always
staring at Colby.  The next time the boys were out in the water, I told
Steve and had him watch to see if he noticed the same thing.

About mid afternoon we finally wore the boys out and they said they were
ready to head back home.  Once home all the boys took turns in the shower
and changed clothes.  We ordered pizza for dinner and after everyone was
done eating, Steve asked Sean if he was ready to open his presents.  Connor
ran into mine and Steve's room and got Sean's new laptop out of our closet.
Sean opened his friends presents first, they all pitched in and got him a
new game for his play station three.  Sean was speechless when he first
opened the box with the laptop in it.  Steve told him that it was from all
three of us.  We had already got it all set up and ready to use.  Sean gave
both Steve and I a big hug and then went over to his brother and gave him a
big hug.  Steve said, "We have one more present for you and it is in my
room if you want to go get it."

Sean ran to his new room and opened the door and just stood there.  Steve
came up beside him and said, "I hope you like it, Connor helped Mike and I
pick out some of the posters but you can decorate it any way you like; it's
your room now."

Sean turned around and gave Steve another big hug, and whispered to Steve,
"You and Mike are so cool. I love you guys."

Steve said, "Mike and I share his room now.  Both you and Connor are
getting older and will want your privacy.  We figured since I sleep in
Mike's room anyway, I might as well move all my stuff in there so you can
each have your own room."

After Sean showed his friends his new room, they all pitched in and moved
all his stuff in no time at all.  Then we all sat down to watch a movie
with the boys as we ate our ice cream and birthday cake.  Steve and I sat
on the couch together but kept a little distance between us with the other
boys in the room.  Connor, Hunter and Greg were all lying on the floor and
Sean and Colby were sitting on the love seat together.  As the movie was
playing I would glance over at Sean and Colby, and I noticed they seamed to
always have some body part touching each other.  Whether it was just a foot
or leg or a hand, there was some part of their bodies touching.  As the
movie came to an end I looked over and saw Sean's hand lying on Colby's
lower leg.

Steve and I went to bed after the first movie telling the boys they could
stay up and watch one more movie and then to turn in for the night.  After
we settled in to bed, I asked Steve, "Did you notice Sean and Colby?  I
think they might be a little more than just best friends."

Steve agreed with me saying, "Yea, I noticed it all day.  I think I will
have a talk with Sean after the boys go home tomorrow."  We cuddled for a
while and both fell a sleep with Steve spooning me from behind.

The boys finished the second movie and then all took a turn in the bathroom
getting ready for bed.  Connor and Hunter went off to Connor's room with
Connor in the lower bunk with good old Max curled up at the end of the bed,
and Hunter on the top bunk.

In Sean's new room they determined there wasn't enough room for both Greg
and Colby to lay their sleeping bags out on the floor with Sean's full size
bed and new desk in the room.  Sean said, "One of you can sleep in the bed
if you want, it's pretty big."  Of course Sean was hoping it would be
Colby.  He found himself wanting to touch Colby's body any time he had the
chance.  He was not sure what all this meant but knew he liked the feeling.
Greg said, "I already have my bag laid out so Colby can sleep in the bed".
This brought a smile to Sean's face.  With the lights out the three boys
talked a little bit, talking about what they wanted to do during summer
break.  Of course, boys being teenage boys, the subject turned to girls and
sex after just a few minutes.  They started talking about the girls in
school, which ones they thought were cute, which ones had nice tits, and of
course what they would like to do with each one.  Colby said, "We need to
stop talking about sex stuff, I'm starting to get boned up and I'm not
going to beat off with the two you here."  They all laughed and agreed they
should call it a night.

The next morning I was the first one up.  After starting the coffee I went
to find Max knowing he would need to go outside.  I found him still curled
up at the bottom of Connor's bed.  After letting him out I quietly opened
the door to Sean's room and smiled to myself as I looked at the sleeping
boys.  The room must have gotten a little warm because Greg was only part
way in his sleeping bag with just his legs covered.  He must have been
having a nice dream because his thirteen year old boy cock was hard as a
rock, sticking straight up in his boxers as he slept on his back.

What I saw in the bed made me go get my camera.  Sean and Colby were in the
bed and had kicked the covers off, both just in their boxers.  Colby was
spooning Sean from behind with his right arm hanging over Sean's mid
section with his hand cupping Sean's morning wood and Sean's hand on top of
Colby's.  After snapping a couple of pictures of Sean and Colby, along with
a couple of Greg and his morning wood sticking up, I quietly closed the
door and went to sit outside on the deck with a cup of coffee.  Steve
joined me a short time later and I showed him the pictures I took.  He just
laughed and said, "I will have to save these for some black mailing
purposes in a few years.  Steve and I enjoyed the quiet for a couple of
hours before Max got up, wanting to go back in the house, signaling he
heard the boys stirring inside the house.  We both went inside and put on
some shorts and a shirt since we had guests in the house and then went to
the kitchen to fix everyone some brunch.  Since the boys slept in so late,
you really couldn't call it breakfast.

As the boys smelled the food, they all came out to the kitchen.  Sean and
Connor must have told their friends about our tradition of weekend
breakfast attire as they all came out in nothing but their boxers.  They
all filled up on pancakes and sausage and then all took a turn in the
shower while the others played the new game they gave Sean for his
birthday.  A short time later, we drove the boys home and then came back to
the house to relax a little.

**********

Thanks for reading and all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 57)

Date: Thu, 7 Oct 2010 18:28:20 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 5

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
without my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories, please leave this site.  This story will contain some sex
between adult male and teen males but is much more a story of friendship
and love.  This is my first posting to Nifty.  Please let me know if you
like my story at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.

A special THANKS to Jim T for his editing services.


From Chapter 4

Steve hugged them both again and said, "You two are great and I love you
very much.  I just wanted to make sure that you were ok with me having
feelings for another man, because you might get teased about it by some of
the other kids."

Sean said, "Yea some of the kids at school said that since you were living
with Mike you two were fags.  One of the teachers heard them say it and
they all got detention.  My friends all thing its ok and they seem to be
cool with it."

Steve smiled at both of them and then looked over at me.  Sean stood up and
walked over to me and gave me a hug and whispered in my ear, "I love you
too, and please treat my dad nicer than my mom did."

I hugged him back and whispered back, "I promise."

The boys said they wanted to drive the boat some more so we pulled the
anchor in and went speeding out of the cove with Sean behind the wheel.
This time Steve and I were sitting next to each other with Steve's hand on
top of mine.  After a while Conner was yelling that it was his turn to
drive so the boys switched and after an hour or so we headed back to the
dock to head home.  Both boys were so worn out from spending the day
outside they both fell asleep in the back seat on our way home.

**********

Chapter 5

That evening as we were having supper, Sean said he wanted to ask us
something.  He said, "You know that my birthday is coming up in a couple of
weeks, right after school is out.  I was wondering if I could have a
birthday party and ask a few of my friends over and maybe take them out on
the boat."

I looked at Steve and he nodded his approval.  I said, "I think by then the
water should be warm enough to get in and do some tubing behind the boat.
Why don't you ask your friends if they would like to spend the day on the
boat and then they can spend the night if they would like."

Sean said, "That's a great idea.  Can we get some movies for us to watch in
our room?"

Steve said, "We can do that, but we will have to have all the parents phone
numbers so Mike and I can call them to make sure they are fine with their
boy going out on the boat and then spending the night here".

I asked Sean "How many friends are you going too asked?"

Sean said, "I was thinking of asking my best friend Colby, along with Greg.
I thought if I only asked a couple then Connor could ask a couple of his
friends if he wanted."

Connor's eyes lit up and with a huge smile on his face he said "You're cool
Sean."  Then looking at Steve Conner said, "Can I ask Hunter?"


 Steve smiled and said, "Just Hunter?"

Conner answered, "Yep, he's in my class at school and we are best friends."

Steve told the boys to call each of their friends and to give him the name
and phone numbers of their parents so he could call them later that night.
It seems everything was set for Sean's party.

After the boys went to bed Steve and I were sitting outside enjoying a cold
beer. I asked Steve, "Now that Sean is turning thirteen, do you think he
would like to have his own bedroom?  You haven't used your bedroom in
several weeks.  Do you think he would like to move into your room?"

Steve thought for a minute and then said, "I think he would like that.  It
might take Connor a little while to get used to it, but I think they are
getting old enough that they will start wanting a little privacy.  I have
noticed that Sean's showers have been taking longer lately so I am sure he
is beating off in the privacy of the shower."

I just laughed saying, "Things haven't changed since we were his age have
they."

Each night over the next week, after the boys went to bed and were asleep,
Steve and I would move more of his things into my room.  By the end of the
week, Steve was fully moved into my room and the boys didn't have a clue.
I went out and bought Sean a new desk and then with some help from Connor I
picked up a new laptop computer for his room.  Steve had bought a new bed
and dresser soon after he and the boys had moved in.  We figured we could
put the desk together one night without Sean finding out and then set it up
keeping the bedroom door shut and Sean would never know.  Of course it also
depended on weather Connor could keep his mouth shut for two whole weeks.

School let out the following week and Sean's birthday party was set for the
next Saturday.  His actual birthday was on Sunday but we figured we would
go to the lake, weather permitting, on Saturday and then we could have a
family dinner on Sunday evening.

Steve had called and talked to each of the friend's parents to make sure
they were fine with their boys going out on the boat, doing some tubing and
then staying over night at our place.  Everything was in place for Sean's
birthday, now all we needed is for the weather to hold out.

As Steve and I lay in our bed, with Steve's head resting on my chest, my
right hand lightly traced the muscles in his back. Steve said, "Thanks
again for everything you have done for me and the boys.  I don't know how I
will ever repay you."

"I love you and the boys and love the fact that you have allowed me to be
in your lives.  I hope you and the boys will be in my life forever, so
please don't think you owe me anything." I said as I rolled him over on his
back and looked right into his eyes.

I leaned down and started to kiss him, pushing my tongue past his beautiful
lips and started to explore his mouth.  After a few minutes of tongue
wrestling, I started kissing my way down his neck, moving from one side to
the other, stopping to nibble on each ear.  I whispered into his ear, "If
you're not ready for this you can tell me to stop and I will."

Steve just moaned, "Please don't".

Up to this point Steve and I had not moved past the mutual hand jobs and
making out.  I knew Steve said he had never been with another guy before
and it had been almost thirty years since I had experimented with another
boy in high school.  Steve wanted to take things slow so over the last
several weeks of Steve sleeping in my bed we had not moved past the mutual
hand job, but tonight I believed we were ready to move to the next level in
our relationship.

I crawled my way on top of Steve as I moved my kisses down to his smooth,
defined chest.  I could feel his dick getting hard as it grew to its full
length of a little over seven inches, with its big head rubbing against my
abs.  I took his right nipple into my mouth, sucking on it, swirling my
tongue around it as it grew erect.  I moved to the left one as Steve
started to moan, giving it the same treatment I gave the right one.  I
kissed my way down his flat stomach stopping to trace each one of his
abdominal muscles with my tongue.  I made my way down to his navel and then
kissed my way down to his hard cock that was leaking pre cum all over his
treasure trail.  I kissed my way around his dick without touching it,
making my way to his totally smooth balls, first sucking the right nut into
my mouth, gently swirling my tongue around it, then moving to the left nut.
While I still had his left nut in my mouth, I looked up past his dick, that
was so hard it wasn't even touching his body and was twitching with each
beat of his heart, and saw that Steve's eyes were closed, his tongue
licking his full lips, and one hand playing with his right nipple as the
other was running up and down his flat stomach.  He was obviously enjoying
his first blow job from another guy.

I figured I had teased him enough and let his ball slip out of my mouth.  I
ran my tongue up the underside of his cock as it twitched.  As I got to the
head of his dick I took it into my mouth and could instantly taste his pre
cum.  Steve was flooding my mouth with his pre cum and I was amazed at how
hard his dick was, yet how soft the skin felt in my mouth.  I moved my
tongue around the head a few times causing Steve to moan out load and move
his hands to the sides of my head holding it in place as he started to fuck
my mouth.  Steve was so excited it only took a few pumps of his hips,
moving his dick in and out of my mouth before Steve almost yelled that he
was cumming.  I could feel his dick get harder inside my mouth as it
started to throb.  I wasn't ready to swallow his load in mouth so I pulled
off just in time as Steve spewed several ropes of cum over his flat
stomach, the first two almost hitting him in the face.

I gave Steve's dick a couple of strokes with my hand, squeezing the last
bit of cum out.  After Steve was able to slow his breathing down, I crawled
back up his side and kissed him again and whispered, "I hope you liked
that."

Steve just sighed saying, "That was amazing, I love you so much.  Now it is
your turn."

Still whispering into his ear I said, "It was my pleasure, and I love you
too.  Ah, I, ah kind of took care of myself as I was taking care of you,
so, ah, thanks for the offer but I'm not in my twenties anymore so I think
I will have to take a rain check on that offer."

Steve just laughed a little as he pulled me on top of him kissing me.  His
lips are so soft; I could kiss him all night long.  After several minutes
of making out I rolled off Steve and with him spooning me from behind, we
both fell sound asleep.

**********

Thanks for reading and all the positive feed back.  Please feel fee to
email me with your comments.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 58)

Date: Sun, 3 Oct 2010 21:34:04 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 4

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
with-out my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave.  This story will contain some sex between adualt
males and teen males but is much more a story offriendship and love.  This
is my first posting to Nifty. Please let me know if you like my story at
mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright2010.  All Rights Reserved.


Finding Steve: From Chapter 3


Steve rolled us over so he was now on top of me and whispered "Know it's
your turn," pulling my shorts down to my knees.  He grabbed my dick,
stroking it slowly.  I knew I wasn't going to last long.  I couldn't even
warn him that I was going to cum because he still had his tongue in my
mouth, wrestling with my tongue.  I just moaned as my body started to shake
and I shot several ropes of hot white cum all over my abdomen and chest.
It had to be the best and hardest orgasm I have had in my entire life time.
Steve pulled his tongue out of my mouth and just rested his head on my
chest as we both caught our breath.

After several minutes, Steve cleaned my cum off me with the same shirt I
used to clean him up a few minutes earlier and then laid down beside me.  I
pulled Steve into me, spooning him from behind.  We didn't say anything to
each other. I just held Steve close to me as we both fell asleep.

**********

Chapter 4

I woke up several hours later still spooning Steve, with my right arm
draped over his mid section.  I realized I was woken up by a thunder storm
outside.  The wind was blowing and you could hear the rain hitting the
windows.  Just about that time lighting struck very close to the house and
the thunder was so load it shook the house.  Not ten seconds later the door
to our bedroom flew open and both Sean and Connor came running in with Max
right behind them.  The thunder woke Steve up and must have known the boys
would he running to him because he had propped himself up on one elbow and
was looking at the door when the boys came running in.  The boys just kind
of stood in the doorway not knowing what to do.

Steve pulled back the covers on his side of the bed and said, "Come on guys
jump in."


Steve pushed back into me and I moved over making room for the boys.  As
they ran by my side of the bed, I noticed that neither boy had stopped to
put his boxers on before they ran into our bedroom.  Lighting struck close
again, lighting up the bedroom as they hurried past my side of the bed.  I
noticed that Sean had a little tuft of hair starting to grow above what
looked to be a nice sized boy cock.  Connor was right on Sean's heals so I
didn't get much of a look at him.

Both boys ran around the bed and jumped under the covers with Sean next to
Steve and Connor next to him.  Steve covered the boys up and pulled them in
close telling them everything was fine and there was nothing to be scared
of.  Max went around to the other side of the bed and jump up on the bed,
lying down at the boy's feet.  I realized I had to piss so as Steve was
getting the boys settled down I got up out of bed and walked into the
bathroom.  I returned and slid back under the covers.  Steve reached over
and grabbed my arm, pulling me back up next to his back side.  I draped my
arm over Steve's mid section again with it now laying over all three of
them.

The storm raged on for about another thirty minutes or so, with several
close lighting strikes, one of which knocked out the power. As the storm
started to subside, it sounded like the boys and Steve had fallen back to
sleep.  I laid there for awhile thinking about the last several months that
Steve and the boys had lived with me.  I realized that I had fallen in love
with Steve and how I loved having kids back in my house.

After what happened between Steve and I the night before I believed Steve
had similar feelings towards me.  I knew that he and I would have to sit
down and have a serious talk this weekend.

I must have fallen back to sleep, because the next time I opened my eyes, I
saw sun shine coming in the windows.  I looked over at the clock and
realized I had no idea what time it was since the electricity was still
out.  I got up, walked into the bathroom and emptied my bladder once again.
As I finished I realized I was still naked so when I opened the bathroom
door, I peeked in to make sure the boys were still asleep, and found my
shorts on the floor.  After pulling them on, I just stood there for a few
minutes looking at Steve and the boys and how peaceful and beautiful they
looked, sleeping all curled up to each other.

I called Max down off the bed and walked through the kitchen and outside
with Max.  I just sat there on the back porch for awhile enjoying the early
morning sun and quiet, thinking of how my life had changed over the last
several months and how much I have enjoyed those months of my life.

A few minutes later, Steve came outside with two cups of coffee in hand.  I
took one from him as he sat down in the chair next to me.  "Are the boys
still asleep? I asked.

Steve answered "Yea, I think the storm scared them pretty good.  Never have
figured out why they are both so scared of thunderstorms, and they have
always come running into bed with me as soon as the thunder starts."

"They will grow out of it sooner or later." I said.

"Yea I suppose, but I don't mind, it makes me feel needed when they come
running", Steve added.

After sitting in silence for a few minutes, sipping on our coffee, I looked
at Steve and said, "I really enjoyed last night.  I truly love having you
and the boys living here.  It makes me feel needed again.  With both my
kids grown and on there own, and then after loosing my wife, I lost that
feeling of being needed.  With you and the boys here I have feel needed
again and I hope you will decide to stay.  I know you should be getting
post housing soon, but I was hoping you and the boys will stay here
permanently."

Steve looked over at me with a smile on his face and said, "I really
enjoyed last night too and I was hoping you would ask us to stay.  I have
never felt more at home than I have since we have moved in with you.  And
the boys would hate me forever if I took them away from Max."

Steve got a more serious look on his face when he continued, "I have never
been with another man before and what we did last night was a first for me
but I think I am falling in love with you.  You are in my thoughts all the
time and it's all I can do to keep my hands off you.  I'm new at this but I
was hopping you can be patient with me as our relationship grows and that
you can handle keeping this relationship on the down low since I still have
a few years left before I can retire from the Army."

I reached over and took Steve's hand in mine and said, "We can take as long
as you like.  I have only been with one other guy in my life and that was
back in high school.  A good friend and I fooled around a bit in high
school.  It was just sex, nothing more than two horny teenagers getting
each other off and doing a little experiment with each other.  After I met
my wife he and I stopped seeing each other.  I never thought about another
guy after I started to date my wife.  That was until you walked into my
office twelve years ago.  My biggest worry is about the boys, and what they
will thing about us being in a relationship."

Steve said "I think Sean has already figured it out but I don't think they
will have a problem with it.  They have both told me how much they like
living here and how much they love you.  I think we need to be honest with
them and if they have any questions we will just answer them as honestly as
we can."

Max jumped up and was standing at the back door wagging his tail.  I knew
this met one or both of the boys were up and moving around in the house.

"I guess we better get back in side and get breakfast started", I said as I
got up from my chair and pulling Steve out of his.

As we were finishing up breakfast, I asked the boys what they wanted to do
today.Sean asked "It looks like its going to be a nice day, can we take the
boat out?

I had just got the boat back from the shop the week before and the boys had
been asking when we could take it out.  I said, "I don't think the water
will be warm enough to do any thing in the water but we can take it out and
see how it runs, maybe take a lunch and have lunch out on the lake."

Everyone thought that was a great idea.  After we finished breakfast, Steve
and Connor made some sandwiches for each of us and packed the cooler with
some soda for the boys and a few beers for Steve and me.

Sean and I went out and hooked up to the boat and got it pulled out from
its cover.  We made sure everything was ready to go and then went in to
change.  As the boys went into their room to change into their swim suits,
Steve and I changed in my room.  As we were changing I asked Steve, "Do you
think we should talk to the boys about you and I while we are out on the
boat today?"

Steve said, "That's a great idea, maybe while we are eating lunch."

We all loaded up to include Max and left for the lake.  It looked to be a
beautiful day even after the storm early this morning.  We gave the boat a
good work out and then just cruised around the lake, looking at all the
beautiful houses that littered the bluffs.  Both Sean and Conner wanted to
drive so they each took a turn with me close by just incase.  After a
couple of hours we pulled into a small cove and through out the anchor.
The boys wanted to jump in and swim around even though the water was still
pretty cold.

They didn't stay in long and were soon back on deck, laying in the warm sun
trying to warm up.  Steve and I got our lunches out and each opened a beer
as we sat and watched the other boats go by and the occasional soaring
bird.  Soon the boys were warmed up and got their sandwiches and sodas.

Just as we were finishing lunch Steve told the boys he wanted to talk to
them about something important.  "I've got a couple of important things I
want to talk to you guys about" Steve said.

Sean answered "What's up, is it about mom?"

Connor looked at Sean and then his dad with a little worry on his face.

Steve said "Yes one of the things is about your mom and the other is about
the three of us and Mike.  I found out that your mom is trying to get you
to go live with her in San Antonio.  I want to know how you two feel about
that."

Sean looked at Connor for a second or two.  I could see that they were
communicating with each other with out saying a word.  Sean then looked at
his dad and said, "We don't want to live with mom, we want to stay here
with you and Mike.  We like it here, we like our new schools and we have
made a lot of new friends.  We don't want to leave," with tears forming in
his eyes.

Steve got up, walked over to the boys and sat down between the two of them
and hugged them both.  Steve kissed them both on the top of their heads and
said, "Good, I was hoping you would say that and don't worry, Mike and I
are going to do what ever it takes to keep both of you living with us."
Steve then said, "The other thing I wanted to talk to you about is me and
Mike.  Since we have lived the last several months with Mike, we have
leaned that we have feelings about each other.  Feelings like a mom and dad
are supposed to have for each other.  Do you understand what I am saying?"

Sean looked up at his dad and said, "I think so.  Are you and Mike in love
with each other, like a boy loves his girlfriend?"

Steve looked up at me and said "Yea, I think we are.  How do you guys feel
about that?"

Sean looked over at me and then at his dad and said "I think its cool.  I
know most kids have a mom and a dad, but I think it will be cool to have
two dads."

Conner chimed in with "Me too!"

Steve hugged them both again and said "You two are great and I love you
very much.  I just wanted to make sure that you were ok with me having
feelings for another man, because you might get teased about it by some of
the other kids."

Sean said "Yea some of the kids at school said that since you were living
with Mike you two were fags.  One of the teachers heard them say it and
they all got detention.  My friends all thing its ok and they seem to be
cool with it."

Steve smiled at both of them and then looked over at me.  Sean stood up and
walked over to me and gave me a hug and whispered in my ear, "I love you
too, and please treat my dad nicer than my mom did."

I hugged him back and whispered back, "I promise."

The boys said they wanted to drive the boat some more so we pulled the
anchor in and went speeding out of the cove with Sean behind the wheel.
This time Steve and I were sitting next to each other with Steve's hand on
top of mine.  After a while Conner was yelling that it was his turn to
drive so the boys switched and after an hour or so we headed back to the
dock to head home.  Both boys were so warn out from spending the day
outside they both fell asleep in the back seat on our way home.


**********


Thanks for reading and all the comments and positive feedback. More
chapters will be posted soon. Sorry this chapter is so short.  Been really
busy latley.

This is a story about two men forming a long term relationship, not a one
night stand of meanless sex but the sex will come.

MM

P.S. Brian don't give up hope, your "Steve" IS out there.

---

Untitled (Chapter 59)

Date: Wed, 29 Sep 2010 09:58:40 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Gay Military - Finding Steve Chapter 3

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other
sites with-out my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to
read such stories please leave.  This story will contain some sex between
adualt males and teen males but is much more a story offriendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty. Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright2010.  All Rights Reserved.


Finding Steve:  From Chapter 2


We had all had a nice breakfast and decided I would take them on a trip
around town after we call got showered and dressed.  As I climbed into the
shower, I could not get the images of Steve's body out of my mind.  His
beautiful face, his lovely full red lips, his amazing body, smooth defined
chest, and the treasure trail that led into his shorts.  As the water
cascaded over my body I could feel my cock starting to stiffen.  I started
to soap my body, imagining what it would feel like to run my hands over
Steve's amazing body.  My hands started moving lower, grasping my rock hard
seven inch dick in my soapy hands.  Using one hand to pump my dick, my
other hand moved over my body, stopping at each nipple and then moving down
to cup my low hanging balls.  It only took a minute or so before I could
feel my balls contracting up towards my body and I knew it would only take
a few more strokes to send me over the edge.  My body stiffened a little as
I felt my cum rushing up the length of my dick, shooting three ropes of cum
that hit the shower wall in front of me and then three more that landed on
the shower floor.  I stood there having to hang onto the shower door to
keep from falling.  I have not had an orgasm that strong in ages.

**********

Chapter 3


After finishing my shower and getting dressed we all jumped in the truck
and I showed them the schools that were both within walking distance, along
with all the new things in town.  Steve had been away for over twelve years
and this place has grown quite a bit in that time.

We all went to church Sunday morning and enjoyed the rest of the day
lounging around the house getting things organized.  Monday it was back to
work for me while Steve got the boys signed into their new schools.  Steve
met them at the schools and walked home with the boys so he was sure they
knew the way home.  They would be on their own on Tuesday because Steve had
to report in to his new unit.

Over the next several weeks we got settled into a nice routine with our
work and school schedules.  I was home from work shortly after the boys got
home from school and would help them with their home work while starting
dinner.  Steve and I would alternate Saturday breakfast, letting the other
sleep in for a bit.  Of course it became a tradition that we would all come
to breakfast wearing nothing but our boxers.  Something just felt right
with Steve and the boys living with me.  I began to notice that Steve and I
would catch each other staring at the other.  Most times we would just
smile and then go back to what ever we were doing.  Over time I found
myself starting to have feelings for Steve and he was now pictured in my
head every time I jacked off.

Before we knew it, three months had past as it was getting close to summer
break for the boys.  One Friday evening when Steve came through the door, I
could tell something was wrong.  Steve looked horrible as he came into the
kitchen were I was helping the boys with their home work.  Steve just
looked at me and sat down at the table with his head in his hands.  After a
few moments I asked him if he was feeling alright and said he felt a
migraine coming on after a very long day at work, along with an argument
with his soon to be ex- wife.

I got up and went over to Steve and started messaging his shoulders and
could feel the tension in his muscles.  I leaned over him and said "why
don't you go take some of your migraine medication and lye down on my bed."
My room was darker and quieter than his room.  "I will take care of the
boys, just go and relax." I told him.

After helping the boys finish their home work and fixing them some dinner,
I got them to sit down and watch some TV.  I looked in on Steve and saw
that he had stripped down to his boxers and t-shirt and had fallen asleep
on my bed.  I quietly closed the door and went back out to the living room
with the boys.  The boys didn't put up much of a fight when I asked them to
go to bed a little earlier than normal.  They knew their dad needed the
quiet and both went off to bed without an argument.

With the boys in bed, I went into my bed room and got ready for bed.  I
noticed Steve had climbed under the covers at some point during the
evening.  Without even thinking about it I climbed into bed on the other
side of my queen size bed and laid there listening to Steve's breathing and
knew he was in a deep sleep.

Early Saturday morning, I woke up and found myself spooned against Steve's
back with my left arm draped over his mid section.  I jumped back away from
Steve's back and tried to pull my arm from his mid section but realized he
had his arm on top of mine.  My mind was racing on what to say if Steve
woke up.  I looked up at his face and saw his eyes open just a little bit.
I just started repeating over and over again, "I'm sorry Steve, I'm sorry,
I didn't mean to".  I was just running on and on.  Then I saw a little
smile on his face and he pulled on my arm, pulling me back up against his
back.

He said, "Don't be sorry, it feels nice to have someone hold me again."

I just looked at him with a look of disbelief on my face, looking at his
face with that little smile, not knowing what to do.

Steve whispered, "Please lye back down, it's ok."  With that I laid back
down with a million thoughts running through my head.  I could feel Steve
fall back to sleep and I realized how right it felt just holding him in my
arms.

I must have fallen back to sleep again and awoke about an hour later having
to pee very badly.  I tried to pull my arm free from Steve's grasp and he
asked me where I was going.  I told him, "If you don't let go, I am going
to piss all over the both of us".

Steve just said, "Promise to come back to bed, it's too early to get up."
After emptying my bladder, I rinsed my mouth with some mouth wash so I
didn't offend Steve and then climbed back in bed with him.  I was no sooner
in the bed and Steve reached over, taking my arm and pulling me back up
against him.  We both just dozed in and out of sleep for the next half hour
or so, feeling very content.

I heard one of the boys open the back door to let Max out in the back yard.
Max had found himself a new favorite place to sleep, right at the foot of
the boy's bed.  Then I heard my bedroom door open and saw Conner peek
inside.  Connor opened the door just enough to get through and tipped toed
over to the side of the bed Steve was in and ever so carefully pulled to
covers back and then climbed in to bed.  Again I tried to pull my arm away
from Steve pull he just pulled back.  I knew that Connor often would wake
up early and climb in bed with his dad put I was not sure what he would
think with his dad in my bed.  I heard Steve ask Conner what was wrong.
Conner said he had a bad dream.  Steve had his fingers intertwined with
mine so when he lifted his arm to pull Conner in next to him, my hand went
over both of them.

A little while later, I heard the bedroom door open again and this time it
was Sean.  He stood there looking at the three of us laying in my bed and
said, "I was wandering where everyone was, just wanted to know if you guys
plan on getting up today or not, so we can have breakfast".

I rose up and on my arm and looked at the clock and then looked at Sean.
"I didn't realize it was so late, why don't you get breakfast started and I
will be right out to help you".  With that, Sean turned and went out into
the kitchen and started getting things out for our traditional Saturday
morning breakfast of bacon and eggs.  I tied to pull my hand from Steve's
but he just pulled back.  I whispered to him, "I can't help Sean with
breakfast if you don't let go".  Before he let go of my hand he brought it
up to his lips and kissed the back of my hand.

I was a little nervous as I walked out to the kitchen; not knowing what
Sean would think about his dad sleeping in my bed with me spooned up
against him.  Sean already had the bacon started and was breaking the eggs
into a big bowl.  "Do you need any help?" I asked.

Sean said, "No I think I can do it, but how many eggs to I put in?"

"I usually put in ten." I said.  Sean worked on the eggs while I was
keeping an eye on the bacon.

As Sean was stirring the eggs, he asked "Why did dad sleep in your room
last night?"

There it was the question I was hoping to avoid.  After taking a moment to
figure out how to answer him, I said "Well your dad was not feeling well
last night and was sound asleep when I went to bed.  I didn't want to wake
him so I just let him sleep in my bed last night.  Conner had a bad dream
and climbed into bed with us early this morning."

"Is dad feeling better this morning?" Sean asked.

I said "Yes I think so, in fact why don't you go make sure he and Conner
are up since we will have breakfast ready soon."

The rest of the day went like just about any other Saturday had gone since
Steve and the boys had moved in with me, although, Sean seamed a little
quiet and I felt like he had something on his mind, that being me and his
dad.

That night Steve came out from saying good night to the boys and asked if
we could talk.  I said sure.  Steve seamed to have a little trouble finding
the words, but then said "Sean asked me a question tonight while I was
saying good night.  He asked me if you and I were falling in love and if
you was my boyfriend."

I just looked at Steve thinking "Ok, so now he is going to tell me that he
and the boys are moving out tomorrow."  Once I got over the initial shock,
I said "And what did you tell him?"

Steve raised his eyes from the floor and looked into my eyes and said "I
told him that we were not boyfriends but I do think I am falling in love
with you."

All I could say is "Are you sure you are ready for this type of
relationship?  What will your boys think about us being in a relationship?
And then there is your wife."

Steve reached out, took my hand and looking into my eyes with tears forming
in his, said "Yesterday I got a call from the boy's mother.  She said she
had changed her mind about not wanting to ever see the boys again.  She
said she was going to take me to court to get custody of the boys.  That is
why I was so stressed last night and as I was lying in your bed last night
while you were taking care of my boys, I remembered when we first met and
how we seem to have this connection between us.  I remembered the feelings
I had while I would stare at you and watch you work, and could never really
understand why I had these feelings."

Steve looked back at the floor as he continued. "Then when I moved to Fort
Bragg, a bunch of the guys in the barracks took me out to a local strip
club and that is where I met Angela.  I got drunk and remember going home
with her and we had sex.  I guess I was just trying to fit in with all the
guys in my new unit.  Anyway as soon as I nutted in her I thought to
myself, what in the hell am I doing, I knew I didn't lover her.  A few
weeks later, she called me and told me she was pregnant and I was the
father.  I did the responsible thing and we got married, and almost nine
months to the day, Sean was born.  Just a few weeks after Sean was born,
Angela was all over me one night and being young and stupid we didn't think
we needed to use protection that soon after she had Sean.  Nine months
later, Conner arrived.  Over the next ten years, she cheated on me more
than once, but I was determined to keep my family together.  Then when I
returned from my last deployment and found out she had cheated on me with
several guys, bringing them into my house and fucking them in my bed with
my two boys in the next room, I couldn't over look that.  We got into a hug
fight and she left saying she never wanted to see me again, never wanted to
be a mother in the first place and didn't want the boys.  Angela left that
night and I have not talked to her until yesterday."

Steve had tears running down his face.  I pulled him in and held him in my
arms, not really knowing what to say.  Steve said "I am not going to let my
wife get custody of my boys.  I can't let that happen."

I was rubbing Steve's shoulders and cold feel the tension in his body as he
told me about his life with his soon to be ex-wife.  When he was finished I
told him "I will help you in any way I can.  We'll make an appointment with
my attorney first thing in the morning, but there's not much we can do
about it tonight, so let me help you relax a little so you can get some
sleep tonight."

Steve looked at me with a little grin on his face and asked "And just how
are you going to do that?"

I started to rub his shoulders and said, "I can feel the tension in your
shoulders.  Every mussel in your shoulder's are all knotted up.  How about
a nice message before you go to bed."

I led Steve into my bed room and had him lye down on bed face down after
taking his shirt and pants off.  I had some message oil in the night stand
next to the bed.  I sat down next to him and after warming up the oil in my
hands, I started at the top of his shoulders messaging the knots in his
mussels.  His mussels were so tight I knew this was going to take awhile.
After several minutes of working on his shoulders I could feel him starting
to relax.  His skin felt so soft and warm under my hands and I could feel
the tension starting to leave his body.  Steve's eyes were closed and he
started to moan a little. As I started to move from Steve's shoulders to
his back, I could feel my cock starting to rise inside my shorts.  My back
started to cramp up from messaging Steve's back while sitting next to him
so as I applied more oil to Steve's back I swung one leg over his back so I
was straddling him.  My now rock hard dick was resting right on his ass
with just my shorts and his boxers between them.  Steve didn't say anything
and in fact I thought I felt him push his ass up just a little.  I
continued to message Steve's back moving further and further down with each
pass.  I could stare at Steve's back all night long.  His back formed the
perfect V shape and his skin was so smooth with not a blemish anywhere,
with the two little dimples just above his ass.

"Feel good?" I asked.

Steve just moaned a little louder saying, "It feels wonderful, please don't
stop."

I continued my message, paying special attention to his lower back, just
above the waist band of his boxers.  I moved to Steve's legs, going down
the left leg, messaging the back of his massive thigh and then down to his
calf.  Then over to the right leg, this time, starting with the calf and
moving up to his thigh going all the way up inside the leg of his boxers. I
then went back down his right leg and back up his left leg, again going all
the way up into the leg of his boxers.  I went back to his back sliding the
waist band of his boxers down just a bit and then made my way back up to
his shoulders.

I could still hear little moans coming from Steve as I leaned down and
quietly asked "Do you feel better?"  Steve just moaned a little louder.  I
took that as a yes and whispered into his ear, "If you like, role over and
I will finish the job."  Steve didn't say a word; he just rolled over with
his eyes still closed.  I stayed straddled over Steve and I could see that
Steve was rock hard also.  It looked to be about the same sized as I am,
about seven inches, but not quite as thick as I am.  Steve was lying with
his arms at his side, so I oiled up my hands and started at his shoulders
again, going down each arm one at a time and then to his chest.  Steve's
chest was perfectly smooth and chiseled.  As I messaged his chest I noticed
his nipples had become erect, so I spent a little extra time on each one.
I continued down Steve's abdomen, working my way down to where his treasure
trail started, and them moved down to the waist band of his boxers.  I
could see his cock twitch every now and then, jumping in side his boxers.
I moved down to his legs and as did as I did on the back side of his legs,
I messaged my way down one leg, then back up the other making sure I went
all the way up into the leg of his boxers.  When I moved the boxers up a
little I could see Steve had some very low hanging balls, each about the
size of a small egg, the sack completely devoid of any hair.  Again I went
back down his leg and back up the leg I started on and then I moved back to
his chest.  Steve's kept moaning the entire time and I could feel every
part of his body was completely relaxed, with the exception of his rock
hard dick.

As I was messaging his chest, I leaned down a little so I could whisper in
his ear and when I did, our dicks touched and I could feel his dick
twitching against mine, with nothing but our shorts between us.  My voice
cracked a little because of my excitement and nervousness as I asked
"Steve, can I help you with your problem in your shorts?"

Steve never opened his eyes and just whispered "Please, your hands feel so
good."

Without saying a word, I reached over and picked up the oil bottle with my
left hand as my right hand started to message Steve's dick over his boxers.
I reached in through the piss slit of his boxers, carefully pulling his
dick and balls out of the slit.  I started to stroke his dick with my right
hand, amazed at how hard he was and how soft and smooth his skin felt.  I
saw that Steve was uncut but his head was completely exposed and covered
with pre-cum.  I only had to add a few drops of message oil and my hand was
sliding over his dick with ease.  Steve let out a load moan each time my
hand passed over the head of his dick.  I knew he wasn't gong to last very
long, so I reached down with my left hand to cup his balls.  I couldn't
believe how low his balls hung; they must hang down a good four inches from
the base of his dick.  I rolled his balls around in one hand as I stroked
his cock with the other.  Steve was moaning like crazy and I knew he was
close as I felt his balls contract up towards his body.

Steve's body started to shake and convulse as I heard him announce, "I'm
cuming, Oh my God, I'm cuming!"

I could actually feel the cum rushing up the length of Steve's dick, his
first rope of cum flying over his head and hitting the head board, the
second and third ropes hit Steve right in the face, the forth and fifth
landing on his chest and the rest on his smooth abdomen, slowing until it
just oozed out and ran down the side of his dick and over my hand.  I
continued to stroke his dick, his body convulsing each time my hand went
over the head until Steve grabbed my hand making me stop.

Steve was breathing so hard he could hardly speak.  I reached over and
grabbed his shirt that was lying on the bed and cleaned Steve up a little,
wiping the cum off his face first and then his chest and abdomen and
finally the head board.  Steve finally let go of my hand and I gave him one
last stroke over the head of his dick, causing him to jump once again.
Steve grabbed me by the arm and pulled me down on top of him, and then
pulled me close enough to kiss me on the lips.  I thought I was going to
cum in my shorts as I felt his lips touch mine, his tongue pushing its way
into my mouth.  It felt amazing; his lips were so soft and warm.

Steve rolled us over so he was now on top of me and whispered "Know it's
your turn," pulling my shorts down to my knees.  He grabbed my dick,
stroking it slowly.  I knew I wasn't going to last long.  I couldn't even
warn him that I was going to cum because he still had his tongue in my
mouth, wrestling with my tongue.  I just moaned as my body started to shake
and I shot several ropes of hot white cum all over my abdomen and chest.
It had to be the best and hardest orgasm I have had in my entire life time.
Steve pulled his tongue out of my mouth and just rested his head on my
chest as we both caught our breath.

After several minutes, Steve cleaned my cum off me with the same shirt I
used to clean him up a few minutes earlier and then laid down beside me.  I
pulled Steve into me, spooning him from behind.  We didn't say anything to
each other. I just held Steve close to me as we both fell asleep.

**********

Thanks for reading and all the comments and positive feedback. More
chapters will be posted soon.  This is a story about two men forming a long
term relationship, not a one night stand of meanless sex but the sex will
come.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 60)

Date: Sat, 25 Sep 2010 08:56:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve Chapter 2

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other
sites with-out my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to
read such stories please leave.  This story will contain some sex between
adualt males and teen males but is much more a story offriendship and love.
This is my first posting to Nifty. Please let me know if you like my story
at mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.


Finding Steve:  From Chapter 1

I had retired from the Army a few years ago and then lost my wife to breast
cancer about a year ago.  Both my kids are grown out on there own, both in
other states, I had become a little lonely so I was very excited about
Steve moving back to Fort Hood.  His last email said he was driving back to
Fort Hood and expected to be there on Friday.  I told him to stop by the
house as soon as he arrived in town.

**********

Finding Steve: Chapter 2


Steve and the boys arrived on a Friday in early March of this year.  I was
very excited to see them.  I hadn't seen Steve in over twelve years and was
very excited to see how the years had been to Steve.  I heard the car doors
slam shut and what I saw walking up the sidewalk was amazing.  It looked
like Steve had not aged on bit over the last tweleve years.

I went outside to great Steve, stuck out my hand to shake his and was
surprised when he pulled me into a hug. Steve said he was sorry about my
wife and said he had wanted to come to her funeral but was deployed at the
time.  I told him it was fine and that I was glad he was back here at Fort
Hood.  I saw his two boys standing behind him just looking at us.  Steve
introduced me to his two boys, Sean and Conner.  Sean, who was had just
turned twelve, was the spitting image of his dad, with the same olive skin
tone, with short hair, deep blue eyes and amazing full red lips.  Conner on
the other hand had a little darker skin tone and very curly hair witch he
wore long and was a year younger than Sean.  Conner looked more like his
mother than Sean from what I could remember of the pictures Steve had sent
or emailed over the years.  I asked Steve where his wife was and he said
she went to see her parents in San Antonio for a week before joining them
here.  I got the idea that Steve was not telling the whole truth but just
let it go.

I shook both boys' hands and asked them if they would like something to
drink.  I invited them into the house to get us something to drink.  I got
sodas for the boys and a beer for Steve and me.  Of course as soon as we
entered the house we were attacked by my golden retriever, with his
tug-of-war toy hanging out of his mouth.  Sean seamed a little nervous but
Conner was very excited, asking "What's his name, what's his name?

"His name is Max" I said.

Connor ran right up to Max and grabbed the tug-of-war toy and started to
play with Max.

Since it was a beautiful day outside, I suggested we take our drinks
outside on the front deck.

"Conner, grab one of the tennis balls from Max's toy basket" I said as I
led them back out the front door and on to the front deck.  Of course Max
went wild, ready to play fetch.  Connor just held the ball as high as he
could as Max tried to get the ball.  Steve and I sat down in the rocking
chairs on my front deck as we watched the boys play fetch with Max.  The
boys seemed to be having a great time playing with Max.

Steve said "I have always wanted to get the boys a dog, but my wife would
have never allowed it."

I said "That's a shame; all boys need to have a dog to play with."

We spent the next couple of hours talking as the boys finally wore Max out
and he came up on the deck, lying down next to my chair.  Even though we
had always kept in touch through e-mail after Steve PCS'd from my company,
we still had a lot of catching up to do.  I could tell that Steve seemed a
little stressed, and when I asked him if he was doing alright.

Steve said "I wasn't very honest with you about my wife.  Things are not
going well and we are separated, that's why she is in San Antonio with her
parents.  I guess I am just a little worried about how I am going to do
this single dad thing.  Just this drive from Bragg about drove me
crazy. I'm just not sure that I can do it by myself."

I could see the worry in his eyes and I told him "It will work out, it
always does.  Didn't you say that your wife and her family are in San
Antonio, so they will be close by to help out."

Steve looked around to make sure the boys were out of ear shot and with is
head hanging low; he said "I'm not sure that will be the case.  The last
time I talked to her she said she didn't want to ever see me or the boys
again."

All I could say was "Wow, how could a mother say that about her kids."

I got up and patted Steve on the back and said "Come on, let's go out and
get something to eat."  I yelled to the boys, who were playing basketball
in the driveway, "Are you two hungry?  Go get cleaned up so we can go get
something to eat."  We all piled into my truck and went to the local
Applebee's for a nice dinner.  As we were eating, Steve was telling me that
right before he started for Fort Hood, he talked with the post housing
office who told him even thought he was considered a single parent, since
he had filed for divorce but was not actually divorced yet, it would still
be about six months before he would be able to get into post housing.
Steve thought that since he was a single parent that he would be able to
move right into post housing.

Steve said "It looks like me and the boys will be spending the weekend in a
hotel while we look for an apartment to rent until I am able to get post
housing."

Without even thinking about it, I said "Oh no you won't, you can all stay
with me.  I have two empty bedrooms in my house and you guys are welcome to
them."  I explained to Steve that with both my kids off on their own and
after my wife passed away from breast cancer over a year ago, it has just
been me and Max in the house and I would love to have them stay with me if
they would like.  As soon as I finished saying they where welcome to stay
with me, Connor started pleading with his dad, "Please, Please, can we stay
in his house, I want to play with Max some more."  Sean said "Yea dad, it
would be cool, and we won't be able to have a dog in an apartment, and he
has a basketball hoop."  I looked at Steve and said "Yea, come on dad it
will be cool and besides, it will do me good to have some kids in my house
again."  Steve looked at his boys and then back at me and said "On one
condition, I pay for our fair share."  Both Sean and Connor said "Yes" in
unison, and both pumped their fist in the air.

We went back to the house and I showed them to the bedrooms.  One bedroom
still had a bunk bed set from when my son used it.  It was one of those
with a single bed on top and a double bed on the bottom.  Conner yelled out
"I have dips on the top."  I said "I hope you two don't mind sharing a
room."  Steve was standing behind me and said "They have always shared a
room, since they are so close in age, they are more like twins and are very
close.  It isn't unusual for Connor to end up in Sean's bed if he gets
scared at night."  I motioned to the other bedroom and said "Steve you can
take this one, we will have to move out the Bow-flex and treadmill and
until we can get you a bed we can move the futon in from the computer
room."

When Sean heard me say we would have to move the Bow-flex, he jumped up off
his bed and yelled, "You have a Bow-flex!"

I said, "Yea, but I haven't used it in a very long time".

Sean asked "Can I use it, I love to work out."

I said "Sure you can use it as long as your dad says its ok.  We will have
to go through each exercise with you and make sure you know how to do them
correctly.  After that, it's yours to use any time you want."

All he said was "Way Cool!"

By the time we got everything moved and got most of their belongings moved
in from their car and into their bedrooms, it was getting late and it had
been a long day for Steve and the boys.  Steve and I got the boys settled
down and into bed and then we sat down in the living room to have one more
beer before we decided to call it a night.  Steve thanked me again for
letting him and the boys stay with me before he headed off to bed.

I was up early as usual the next morning.  I almost forgot that I had guest
in the house and started to walk out of my bedroom with nothing on.  Most
mornings after getting up and taking the morning piss, I walk out to the
kitchen, let Max outside and start the coffee, before jumping into the
shower.  Since it has been just Max and me for the last several months I
never bother to put anything on as I run through my morning ritual.

Stepping back into my bedroom and finding a pair of running shorts to slip
on, I went out to the kitchen and didn't find Max lying in his usual spot.
After turning on the coffee maker I went looking for Max and found him in
the boy's bedroom, lying at the bottom of Sean's bed with his head resting
on Sean's legs.  I also noticed Connor was not in the top bunk, but was in
the lower bunk with Sean.  Connor was curled up right next to his big
brother.  I remembered Steve's comment about the boys being close and I
could see that they certainly are.  Sean held his little brother close,
spooning him with his arm draped over Connor's mid section.  As soon as Max
saw me, he got up and shook, then walked out and headed straight to the
back door.  As Max walked through the room, I noticed two pair of boxer
shorts lying on the floor next to the bed.  "Wow, both sleep in the raw" I
thought to myself.  When Max shook, I saw Conner's eyes pop open, looking
around as though he wasn't sure where he was.  He looked at me and then got
a big smile on his face.

As I let Max out the back door, I heard the bathroom door shut and figured
it was Connor.  A few seconds later he came bounding out of the bathroom,
wearing one of the pair of boxers I saw on the floor, running into the
kitchen and climbed up on to one of the stools at the breakfast bar.

I looked at Connor and said "Good morning Connor, how'd ya sleep?"

Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, Conner said "Great, Mrrrrrrrrr."

I said "Why don't you call me by my name, Mike".

Conner repeated his statement "Great, Mike."

As I looked in the refrigerator to see what I had in terms of breakfast
foods, I asked Connor "What do you and Sean, and your dad like for
breakfast?"

Connor said "We usually have cereal when we have school, but dad makes us
eggs on the weekends".

"Eggs it is then" I said.  As I pulled the eggs and bacon out and closed
the refrigerator, I looked at Connor, who was now kneeling on the stool and
leaning over the breakfast bar, and could see that Connor's little eleven
year old boy cock was poking out the front of his boxers.  I smiled at
Connor and said "Hey there little dud, better be careful and not fall, and
you might want to put the little dude sticking out of your shots back in".
Conner sat back down, blushing and making sure his little dick was back
inside his shorts.

I heard Max scratching at the back door wanting in.  I asked Connor "Will
you let Max in for me and then go wake up your brother and your dad.
Breakfast will be ready soon."  Max climbed down and ran over to the back
door, opened it as Max about knocked him over. After shutting the door,
Connor ran back to his bedroom, with Max right behind him.  I could hear a
grumble out of Sean as I'm sure Connor jumped right on top of him.  A few
seconds later, Conner was running into Steve's bedroom yelling "Time to get
up, Time to get up, Mike's making eggs for breakfast, Time to eat, Time to
eat".  I could hear the Connor laughing and screaming, as I am sure Steve
was tickling Connor.  Then Connor yell, "Yewwww, Dads got morning wood!"
and then comes running back out to the kitchen.

A few minutes later, Sean walks out of his bedroom, stopping at the
bathroom.  Just as he walks out, Steve walks to the bathroom.  I looked up
and said good morning to Sean, noticing that he is wearing nothing but the
other pair of boxers that were on their bedroom floor.  I could also see
that Sean meant what he said about liking to workout.  His twelve year old
body already was more defined than most kids his age.  I could already see
a little six-pack starting on his flat stomach.

As Steve walked into the kitchen, he said "Good morning, and sorry about
Connor's little out burst.  Hey guys how about putting on some clothes."


I just smiled and said "it's just us guys in the house so we can be as free
as we want."

Connor chimed in with "yea dad we never got dressed when it was just us
guys at our old house."  With that said Steve walked back to his bedroom,
taking his shirt off as he went and returned to the kitchen dressed just
like the rest of us.  I asked Steve how he liked his eggs as he walked back
to the kitchen and as I looked up I heard myself whisper "WOW" not
realizing I said it out loud.  I could see that Steve has also kept himself
in very good shape, with a very defined and smooth chest, a nice flat
stomach, with just a hint of a six- pack and a lovely treasure trail
starting at his navel and disappearing into his shorts.  I felt a little
twinge in my shorts as I looked Steve over and having to force myself back
to concentrating on preparing breakfast.

We had all had a nice breakfast and decided I would take them on a trip
around town after we call got showered and dressed.  As I climbed into the
shower, I could not get the images of Steve's body out of my mind.  His
beautiful face, his lovely full red lips, his amazing body, smooth defined
chest, and the treasure trail that led into his shorts.  As the water
cascaded over my body I could feel my cock starting to stiffen.  I started
to soap my body, imagining what it would feel like to run my hands over
Steve's amazing body.  My hands started moving lower, grasping my rock hard
seven inch dick in my soapy hands.  Using one hand to pump my dick, my
other hand moved over my body, stopping at each nipple and then moving down
to cup my low hanging balls.  It only took a minute or so before I could
feel my balls contracting up towards my body and I knew it would only take
a few more strokes to send me over the edge.  My body stiffened a little as
I felt my cum rushing up the length of my dick, shooting three ropes of cum
that hit the shower wall in front of me and then three more that landed on
the shower floor.  I stood there having to hang onto the shower door to
keep from falling.  I have not had an orgasm that strong in a long, long
time.

**********

Thanks for the comments and positive feedback. More chapters will be posted
soon.

MM

---

Untitled (Chapter 61)

Date: Wed, 22 Sep 2010 13:50:33 -0700 (PDT)
From: Mike Mover
Subject: Finding Steve - Chapter 1

This story is my property and may not be sold or posted to any other sites
with-out my permission.  If you are under age or if it is unlawful to read
such stories please leave.  This story will contain some sex between adualt
males and teen males but is much more a story offriendship and love.  This
is my first posting to Nifty. Please let me know if you like my story at
mikeincentx@yahoo.com.

Copyright 2010.  All Rights Reserved.


Finding Steve: Chapter 1


I can't believe how my life has changed in the last year.  As I lie here in
my bed listening to the soft deep breathing of Steve, the guy that just
made love to me for the very first time, going over the events that led up
to this night.  I have never felt this much love for a person, it's like we
were meant to be together and fate made it happen.

It all started several years ago when he walked into my company.  I
remember I was sitting at my desk working on some paper work when he walked
in the front door.  I looked up and couldn't take my eyes off him.  Not
sure what it was about him but I just stared at him, not able to take my
eyes off of him while he talked to the soldier that was sitting at the CQ
(Charge of Quarters) desk.

At the time I was the Operations Sergeant for the company and I was the
first person every soldier in the company saw before they moved on to what
ever section of the company they were supposed to work in.  My eyes
followed him as he walked towards my office, still unable to take my eyes
off him.  I remember asking myself why I couldn't take my eyes off him,
trying to figure out what it was about him that intrigued me so much. Maybe
it was his eyes, the deepest blue eyes I had ever seen.

The soldier on CQ walked him into my office.  "Sgt Q, everyone just called
me Sgt Q because most couldn't pronounce my last name, this is PFC Crispin,
and he has been assigned our company."

After shaking my head free of his spell on me, I stood and shook his hand,
noting the warmth and smoothness of his hand, along with the firmness of
his handshake.  I told Crispin to have a seat in the chair next to my desk.
I asked him for a copy of his orders, along with all his other
in-processing paperwork.  I always took some time to get to know the new
soldiers coming into the company.  I tried to make everyone feel welcome,
and to make them feel that they were an important asset to my company.

I asked Crispin tell me about himself.  Crispin said he was he was coming
from Fort Bragg and he was a supply specialist.  He said he was single and
was 23 years old originally from here in Texas.  As he was telling me all
this I was adding him into the company data base and noticed that we
already had all the supply specialist that we were authorized.  That's when
the wheels started to turn in my head.  I still wasn't sure what it was
about this guy but for some reason I felt like I wanted to learn more about
him and get to know him better.  I asked him about his work experience and
he told me he was in a supply room in his last unit, working in his MOS and
was seriously thinking about making the Army his career.

I had been looking for someone to work in my office as my company clerk for
some time.  When I took over the job, there were two females that were
doing the job.  Shortly after I took over the job, I sent them back to
their platoons.  I just could not work so closely with two females who had
thought they were better than the other soldiers in the company just
because they worked in the operations office.  I asked Crispin if he would
be interested in working in the operations office as the clerk.  I told him
it was up to him and he could think about it and give me his answer at the
next morning's formation.  He said he would thing about it over night and
give me his answer at morning PT formation.

The following morning I was in my office working on some paperwork before
PT formation when Crispin knocked on my door and asked if he could have a
word with me.

"Sure, what's on your mind" I said.

Crispin said "I thought about your offer to work with you here in the
operations office and I have decided I would like to give it a try if the
offer is still good."

I said, "Consider the job yours, after PT be back here at nine and we will
get you set up with a desk and computer here in my office."

I had a huge office with just me and one other person.  There was plenty of
room to fit anther person in the office if we moved some stuff around.
Crispin proved to be a great asset in the operations office.  He caught on
to everything I wanted him to do very quickly and in just a few weeks he
was practically doing my job for me.  It sure made my job easier having
some one that could do everything I asked of him with out the need to check
up on him.  Of course we got to know each other a lot better since we were
working so close to each other.  I leaned he was actually from a small town
only a few hours south of Fort Hood, was an only child who's parents had
died in a car accident about a year before moving to Fort Hood.  He also
like being outdoors and loved to camp and hike when ever he could.  He
liked to be involved in his community and had volunteer at a homeless
shelter and they local youth group.

Crispin had a great work ethic and I knew he was going to do well in the
Army.  It wasn't long before I was fighting to get Crispin promoted.
Crispin and I started to spend time doing things together after duty hours.
Even though it was maybe not the best situation, and since I was an NCO and
Crispin was my subordinate.  Crispin would come to over for dinner with me
and my family.  My family was involved with the local Boy Scout Troop that
my son was part of.  Crispin joined the troop and would go camping with us
when ever he could.  I had a boat and he would also come out to the lake
with the family and usually just spend the night at my house on many of the
weekends.

I am not sure what it was about Crispin, but I found myself staring at him
all the time.  I would watch him working at his desk, or watch him work
with the boys on some skill during a camp out.  Now, I had done some
experimenting with a boy back in high school like a lot of boys do.  I had
even traded a blow job a few times but I never had feelings of love for
another boy before.  I got married and have two kids now and have never
really thought about my high school experiences.  Now when I find myself
staring at Crispin I find myself wandering what it would feel like to run
my hands over his beautiful body.  I would actually find myself getting
hard sitting at my desk while I was watching him work.  When we were out on
the boat with my family, I would find myself staring at Crispin rather than
my beautiful wife.  More than once I would have to jump off the boat to
hide my raging hard on after staring at Crispin.  I had to buy some dark
sunglasses so I could stare at Crispin without my wife noticing.  My wife
and kids really like Crispin also.  My son looked up to him as an older
brother.

I found myself trying to find ways to touch his body in any way I could.
Giving a pat on the back, push him off the front of the boat or giving him
a quick shoulder message while looking over his shoulder at what ever he
was working on at his desk.  Every time I would touch him I would feel a
twitch in my groin.

Crispin and I became very good friend and I was hart broken when we found
out he received orders to Fort Bragg just about a year and a half after
arriving at Fort Hood.  Of course we knew this day would come but I never
thought it would be so soon.  When the weekend came that Crispin was to
leave, I had him come over to the house to have dinner with the family one
last time.  When it was time for him to leave, he gave my wife and kids a
hug and then I walked him out to his car.  We just stood there looking at
each other, neither of us wanted to say good bye.  He finally stuck his
hand out to shake hands; I took his hand and pulled him into a hug that
seemed last several minutes.  I told him to make sure he called and email
when he could so we could keep in touch and he agreed to do so.  When the
hug ended and looked into each other eyes, we both had tears running down
our faces.

We did stay in touch with each other over the next several years.  Mostly
through email but we occasionally talked over the phone.  I learned he had
married only a few months after arriving at Fort Bragg and they had two
boys with in their first year and a half of marriage.  Crispin deployed
quite often, being in a rapid deployment unit at Fort Bragg.  Crispin was
on the fast track with his promotions becoming an NCO soon after arriving
at Fort Bragg and was running a supply room.  It didn't surprise me after
the great job he did working for me.  Over the last couple of years our
emails became less and less frequent.  It got to the point that we only
emailed each other once or twice a year.

It was that way for a couple of years and then I receive an email that said
he had gotten orders to come back to Fort Hood.  Steve was now a Sergeant
First Class and would be running the main supply point for the entire post.
He sounded very excited about coming back to Fort Hood.  I know that I was
very excited to have him move back to Fort Hood and was hopping we could
renew our friendship.


I had retired from the Army a few years ago and then lost my wife to breast
cancer about a year ago.  Both my kids are grown out on there own, both in
other states, I had become a little lonely so I was very excited about
Steve moving back to Fort Hood.  His last email said he was driving back to
Fort Hood and expected to be there on Friday.  I told him to stop by the
house as soon as he arrived in town.

No sex in this chapter, but will come in future chapters.  Please email me
with your comments.