Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Fri, 13 Nov 2009 04:26:18 -0600
From: peterbilt1228@live.com
Subject: Marine Recruiter, Part II

At the very convincing suggestion of a hunk-stud military reader (actually,
he's IN the military), I am writing a short continuation of this story,
Marine Recruiter. Actually, he bribed me.

This is a story about incest, intended for mature audiences. It is a work
of fiction containing situations and scenes of graphic sex between a dad,
his teenaged son and his teenaged friends, as well as sex between the
friends themselves. All legal disclaimers apply. If this topic offends you,
do not read any further; and ask yourself why you are at this site.
	If you are under the age of 18 (21 in some areas) and too young to
be reading such material or if you are in a locale or country where it is
not legal to read such material then please leave immediately and come back
when it is legal for you to do so. We'll be glad to have you back.
	This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual events or
locations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental, although
it may be loosely based on real events and people.  It involves moments
between a father and son that are not regarded as acceptable in most lawful
societies, yet has a meaning all its own.  If you are offended by dad/son
sex, then stop now! If you have a hard time separating fantasy from
reality, or if this theme turns you off, you shouldn't continue reading.
If it has perhaps been a dream of yours to love your son more in a physical
way than you thus far dared, then this story could inspire you.
	If you meet the criteria then read on, enjoy, and kindly let me
know what you think. On the sites that provide for you to rate the stories
or leave comments, I value your thoughts and opinion; I would also like to
hear from you personally. Personal stories and accounts of your own similar
experiences are always welcome.  Contact me at  HYPERLINK
"mailto:Peterbilt1228@live.com" Peterbilt1228@live.com.

PLEASE NOTE: My email was hacked again.  This is my new email address.


                                                 Marine Recruiter
                                                           Part II

Brian couldn't sleep that night. He couldn't concentrate the next day at
school. He even screwed up so bad in PE class that the coach yelled at
him. He couldn't get Sgt. Conner out of his mind; and what he had done to
him. Thinking about it, he wasn't sure the sergeant should have given him
the physical, or that he was even qualified to, but it didn't matter.  He
had caused him to have the most incredible climax he'd ever experienced,
and he couldn't shake it.
	The papers that Sgt. Conner had sent home with him were still
tucked away in his dresser drawer, under his shorts and T-shirts. It was
dumb to hide them but he didn't want his dad to know he'd visited the
recruiter.  It was more that he didn't want him to know what'd happened. He
got a real surprise when his dad brought it up at dinner one night.
	"When were you going to tell me you went to see the Marine
recruiter?" he asked out of the blue.
	Brian nearly dropped his fork. His dad smiled.
	"A friend of mine told me he saw you going into the recruiter's
office," the man said with a knowing smile.
	"I was going to tell you; but I needed to think about it first,"
Brian said with a sheepish look.
	"Have you thought about it?" his dad asked.
	"Yes, sir.  It's all I've thought about," Brian said.
	"And?"
	"I don't know...I haven't made up my mind.  I brought home some
papers the sergeant said you should look at."
	"All right."
	"I'll get them," Brian said, getting up from the table.
	They had finished eating and when Brian came back downstairs with
the papers, his dad had cleared the table and poured two cups of coffee.
Brian laid the papers in front of him then sat down to his own cup of
coffee.
	"Not much here except the usual recruiting propaganda, so far as I
can see," his dad said as he laid the papers aside one by one.  "Nothing I
have to sign; you're eighteen."
	"Yes, sir, Sgt. Conner just wanted you to look them over, I think
more to create a chance for us to talk.  He said they don't like for it to
look like the military is trying steal kids away from their parents. That's
the reason they like to get the parents involved. He invited me to bring
you along when I go back to talk to him."
	"All right, but it is your decision, Son. Just know that I'm here
for you. I'll support any decision you make. Just keep in mind, they do
offer a pretty nice pot of money for college.  And I would be damned proud
to call my son a Marine," he added for good measure.
	"Yes, sir, I know you would," Brian said.  "I guess I need to talk
to you more about it... the training and stuff... since you were in the
Marines, and your dad."
	His father looked down at his plate.
	"I'm sorry, maybe I...shouldn't have mentioned grandpa," Brian said
quietly.
	"No, it's okay. You should talk about him.  The problem is mine; I
have a tough time hearing me and my dad mentioned in the same breath. He
did so much more than I ever did; he was a real Marine."
	"I don't think what he did takes anything away from you, Dad. In my
mind, Dan Mitchell and Dan Mitchell, Jr. stand side by side," Brian
said. "You trained the guys they ended up sending to Kuwait and Iraq and
Afghanistan. The way I see it, you're responsible for keeping a lot of
those guys alive. I just wish you could've trained me."
	"Don't worry, there are plenty of instructors who will be dead set
on keeping you alive.  Just keep your head up and listen to what they're
telling you.  You're gonna think you've died and gone to hell. You're going
to think they hate your guts and don't give a dam whether you live to see
the next day, but trust me, they do.  They care.  It's their job, and how
well they do their job is gauged by how many of you guys come back alive."
he said. "I've sat and drank with tough instructors who cried when they
heard a certain man they remembered was killed. It tears their guts
out. Its like they failed."
	"I don't think I would ever blame an instructor," Brian said.
"Once I'm a Marine, I see it as my responsibility to stay alive."
	"And to keep the guy next to you alive," his dad said. "They'll
teach you that." Then he added, "You know what I wish? I wish I could go in
with you."
	"That would be really neat," Brian said excitedly.
	"Well, I'm over the age limit. I envy you, you know." Then he held
up his hands.  "Hey, I'm not trying to influence your decision, son," he
said.
	"I know. You're just telling me how you feel."
	"Yes.  And... something's bothering you... holding you back. I know
its not fear. Hell, you've never been afraid of anything."
	"In a way, it is," Brian said.
	He cocked his brow with a frown. "Do you wanta tell me about it?"
	"Well, I, uh... I had sort of a problem at the recruiter's office,"
Brian began.
 	"What kind of problem?" his dad asked.
	"When the sergeant gave me a preliminary physical."
	"The sergeant gave you a preliminary physical? I didn't know they
gave physicals at the recruiting station," the older man said.
	"Well, it was more or less a courtesy. I mean, he offered, and I
said okay."
	"So, what was the problem? You don't have flat feet or anything, do
you? You're a perfect specimen."
	"Yeah, that's what he said. He said I had a big head start on the
physical part of the training. But I... I don't know if I should even tell
you," Brian said, looking down to avoid his dad's eyes.
	"Brian, when was the last time you couldn't talk to me, about
anything?"
	"Never."
	"Then this isn't a good time to start," his dad said.
  	"Well, what happened was, he... he, uh... well, he gave me a
prostate exam and I... I got so excited... turned on... that I... I shot a
load all over the side of his desk," he stammered, his face warm red from
embarrassment.
	Dan Mitchell looked at his son with confused concern. "I'm not sure
he should even be giving you a prostate exam," he said.
	"He said it wasn't an official physical or anything. I don't want
you saying anything to him about it," Brian said anxiously. "I don't want
to get him in trouble. He's a super nice guy."
	"All right, I won't. But you've got me wondering if this guy is on
the up and up," Dan said.
	"Just go with me when I go back to talk to him," Brian said.

The next morning, Brian and his dad drove to the recruiter's office.  There
was a truck stop on the way and Dan pulled in. Brian looked at his watch.
	"We've got a nine-thirty appointment," he said.
	"There's plenty of time; and he'll wait," Dan said as he pulled
into a parking space alongside a big rig.  "I need a cup of coffee."
	Brian knew it was about more than a cup of coffee. When they were
seated in a far corner booth with two cups of steaming coffee, Dan wrapped
his hand around his cup and gazed into the amber liquid, holding his chin
out over the steam wafting up from the cup.
	"Are you having second thoughts about me going in, because of your
dad?" Brian asked.
	"That's always there, in the back of my mind," Dan admitted,
without much emotion.  "I don't want to have to go read your name on some
wall to remember you...but that was another war. No, it's not that,
although considering the world situation, that's always going to be in the
back of my mind."
	"What, then?" Brian asked.
	"I'm going to tell you something I've never told anyone," Dan
began, gazing into his coffee.  "I've carried it around all these years,
never thought I would ever speak of it, but you're old enough to handle
it."
	"It sounds serious," Brian said with some concern.
	"Oh, no, not all that serious, in retrospect; just something that
needs to be brought out...I wouldn't be doing it now it if I didn't think
it would serve a purpose."
	"All right," Brian said, waiting. When his dad didn't say anything
for a couple of long moments, he said, "You don't have to tell me, Dad."
	"Our unit was on board a Navy ship, out to sea for training
maneuvers.  It lasted two months, which is a long time for a bunch of
Marines not to have boots on the ground, if you know what I mean. I was new
to the unit, and got to be buddies with a guy who teamed up with me.  His
name was Gage; odd name, but it fit him for some reason.  He was a couple
of years older than me; a big guy, rugged, the kind of guy you knew
couldn't be anything else but a Marine.  After maneuvers we came back into
San Diego and the first night in we were given liberty. It was assumed that
Gage and I would be going ashore together. Not by me, but Gage made it
pretty clear that I was going with him; he wanted to show me around San
Diego. I didn't argue with him; I was glad to go. He was that type of guy;
a guy you wanted to be around."
	"We tried a couple of bars, and that's when I found out he was
older than me, because he could get served but I couldn't. He said screw
it; if I couldn't get served, he wouldn't drink either. We wandered around
for a while till we found ourselves in front of a place that offered "total
relaxation for weary service men."  That's how the sign out front read.
They had private rooms, steam room, massage, sauna, Jacuzzi, swimming pool,
the works.  Gage asked me if I wanted to give the place a try, get some of
that sea salt out of our pores, he said.  I told him, sure, I was game.
Well, we went inside and rented a room. I figured it would be something
like a hotel room, but it wasn't much more than a little cubicle with a
built-in bunk.  It was just a room to change out of your clothes and maybe
take a nap."
	"Coming through the place, I saw that everyone was running around
in nothing but a towel, so I didn't think anything about stripping down to
a towel around my waist, and neither did Gage.  We tried the sauna but I
couldn't stand the heat so we went into the steam room. I lasted about a
minute in there, it was so hot and I couldn't breathe from all the steam.
Gage suggested we get a massage.  We went to the desk to sign up but the
clerk said it would be at least an hour, so we went back to our room.
There was a TV in the room so we figured we would watch TV while we
waited."
	"Back in the room, Gage whipped off his towel and crawled on the
bunk. I did the same, crawled in beside him, and leaned back against the
wall while he turned on the TV and started flipping channels.  He went past
several commercial channels, a football game, wrestling and, then stopped.
It was like he stopped cold.  The channel he stopped on was an X-rated
video channel, and there were two guys in a sixty-nine, big as you
please. I'm guessing you know what that is," he said, looking up at his
son.
	"Yes, sir," Brian said with an embarrassed grin.
  	"I thought you might," Dan said, then continued.  "We both just
laid there and gaped at the television.  Gage said something like, he
thought we'd landed in the wrong place, and flipped the channel.  The next
one was X-rated, too, and there was a guy screwing another guy in the
butt. There were two more channels with the same stuff. Gage flipped back
and forth on the four X-rated channels and asked me which one I wanted to
watch.  I sort of thought he was testing me so I told him the football
game, or wrestling.  I didn't want him to think I wanted to watch that
stuff."
	"He put it on wrestling, and I was okay with that, but I still had
those images of those guys in my head. Gage casually asked me if I'd ever
tried any of that stuff. I told him no and that was it for a while.  We
watched wrestling and he asked me if I'd ever wrestled. I told him, yeah,
in high school. He asked me, real cocky like, if I thought I could pin him.
I told him I didn't know.  Well, he punched me in the stomach and started
playing grab ass and wrestling around and before long we were in a hard
wrestling match all over that little cubicle; on the bunk, on the floor,
standing up, till we were wet with sweat.  Well, all of a sudden he got me
in a hold from behind, his hand between my legs, clamped tight on my butt
and I could feel his middle finger between my butt muscles.  He had me in a
headlock as well and I knew I was dead meat.  I couldn't move, except to
squirm around, and I was just waiting for him to release his hold.  He had
me pinned fair and square; the match was over.  But instead, he started
working his middle finger, rubbing his finger-tip against my asshole, then
he started probing around and I was all sweaty and next thing I knew, he
had his finger shoved up inside my ass, real deep. I was ready to panic
till he touched something up in there and suddenly I froze.  He kept
rubbing his finger around on the spot and it was feeling good and I just
laid there and let him do it."
	"When he saw that I was liking it�made obvious by my big
hardon---he worked another finger inside me and used both fingers.  I about
went nuts.  He let go of my head and told me to stretch out on my stomach
so he could give me a real massage. I did what he said; I stretched out
with my arms flung up over my head and Gage got between my legs and went to
work on me.  I never felt anything like it."
	He paused and looked squarely into his son's eyes.  "I think you
know where this is headed," he said huskily.
	"I...think I might," Brian said.
	"So I don't need to cut to the chase," Dan said.
	"Not if you don't want to finish it," said Brian.
	"Its not that I don't want to, I figured you could figure it our
for yourself. I just wanted you to know...thought you should know...that
you're not alone, in those feeling you had that made you mess up the
recruiter's desk."
	Brian smiled.  "When you said you would be there for me, I never
dreamed it would mean telling me something like this."  Behind his calm
fa�ade, he was reeling.  Was his dad actually telling him that he'd let the
Marine fuck him?  He couldn't imagine it, not in a million years.  But
there was no other conclusion that could be drawn from what he'd told him.
	"I still don't think that recruiter should be, or is even qualified
to be giving preliminary physicals, but what happened to you has probably
happened to a lot of guys.  I just don't want you to get all screwed up in
the head over it.  I don't want it to sway you from joining, if that's what
you really want."  He looked at his watch.  "Okay, we'd better get going."
	"Thanks, Dad, for telling me," Brian said.
	"You spilled your guts to me first, it made it easy for me," Dan
said.
	At the recruiter's office, Sgt. Conner greeted them warmly with
firm handshakes and a knowing, maybe questioning, glance at Brian.
	"Have you had a chance to look over the material I sent home with
you, and talk about it?" he asked them.
	"Yes, sir," Brian said.
	Sgt. Conner looked at Dan.
	"I'm just along for the ride," Dan said. "The decision is his. He's
eighteen."
	"Do you have any questions?" Sgt. Conner asked Brian, then looked
at Dan.  "Either of you," he said.
	Dan looked at his son who only shrugged.  "If he doesn't have any
right now, I do have one question," Dan said.
	"Shoot," Sgt. Conner said.
	"In the material you sent home, I didn't see anything pertaining to
the results of my son's preliminary physical."
	Sgt. Conner flashed a fearful glance at Brian as he leaned over and
pulled open a desk drawer. It was obvious that he was nervously trying to
buy time to come up with a response.
	"Maybe you just forgot to include it, but if he had a physical, I
thought there ought to be some reference to it," Dan went on.
	"Well, it was more or less a courtesy, as I explained to Brian.
Completely voluntary, and unofficial, that's the reason there's nothing in
the material I gave him."
	"Brian said he had a little problem," Dan said with his gaze fixed
on the young sergeant.
	"Oh, that was nothing to worry about," Sgt. Conner said.
	"Happens to a lot of guys, I'll bet," Dan said.
	"To more guys than want to admit it," Conner said, sounding
suddenly relieved at Dan's attitude.  "I'm surprised Brian told you," he
added.
	"There's not much Brian and I don't talk about," Dan
said. "Happened to me, in a round about way."
	"It did?" Sgt. Conner said with a surprised look.
	"Yeah.  Brian and I were talking and I, uh...well, I sort of
thought there should've been more to the physical," Dan said.
	"More?" Sgt. Conner asked with a confused look.
	"Yeah, but hey, you said it was unofficial. I know you told him he
could probably ace the physical part, but you didn't test him on that, did
you?" Dan asked.
	"No, I can tell by looking at him," Sgt. Conner said.
	"I know he's strong as a bull, but I think you oughta put him
through the Marine Corps PT test, just to make sure.  It'll give him a
chance to work on his weaknesses."
	Sgt. Conner laughed.  "Man, I didn't see any weaknesses,
but...okay." He looked at Brian.  "You ready to show me what you've got?"
	"Sure," Brian replied, standing up.
	"Here, I'll take your clothes," Dan told his son.  Both Sgt. Conner
and Brian looked at him funny.  "You don't do PT in your street clothes, do
you?" Dan asked the sergeant.
	"Well...no, I guess we don't," he said.  He looked at Brian. "Okay,
strip."
	"Maybe you oughta lock up first," Dan said.
	"Yeah, good idea," said Sgt. Conner.  He got up from his desk and
went to lock the front door.  "We can go in the back room, away from the
front windows," he said.
	The three of them went into the back room and Conner closed that
door.  Brian proceeded to take off his clothes and hand them to his dad.
	"I'm not seeing any flaws or weaknesses," Sgt. Conner said as Brian
pulled off his pants.  "Put your boots back on," he told him.
	Brian put his boots back on and stood in his briefs.  "This okay?"
he asked.
	"That'll do fine," Sgt. Conner said. "Okay, hit the deck and show
me how many pushups you can do."
	Brian went down and began doing pushups.
	"Hands pointed in," Conner said.
	He turned his hands inward.  When they had counted off fifty,
Sgt. Conner stopped him.  "Now show me some real Marine
pushups. One-handed," he said.
	"Aw, I can do those, Coach showed us how," Brain said, and began
doing one-handed pushups.  He switched from his left to right hand every
other one, till he had done fourteen.
	"Now switch back to regular pushups and give me fifty more,"
Sgt. Conner said.  He looked at Dan.  "Still not seeing any weaknesses," he
said.
	"He'll have to do sit-ups, won't he?" Dan asked.
	"Yes, but, hell, he's got abs like steel; sit-ups are not gonna be
any problem for him," said Sgt. Conner
	When he was finished with the second fifty push-ups, Brian turned
over and began doing sit-ups.  Sgt. Conner went down to hold his feet.
	"Don't come straight up, twist your upper body," Conner told him.
	They counted, and counted, till he had done over a hundred sit-ups.
	"How many do you want?" Brian asked.
	"Fuck, you can stop," Sgt. Conner said, laughing as he stood up. He
put his hand down to pull Brian to his feet. "Now, stand facing the desk,
hands behind your head and give me deep knee bends till you can't do any
more."
	Brian took the position and began doing what he called squats. He
wasn't sure how many he could do, free standing, he had always done them
using the squat rack, with a barbell across his shoulders. He lost count at
about forty-eight, but he could see that Sgt. Conner was counting to
himself.
	"You know something else I was wondering about?" Dan said
	"What's that, sir?" Sgt. Conner said.
	"You gave him a rectal, I was wondering why you didn't give him an
oral."
	"An oral?" Sgt. Conner said, with a questioning look.
	"Check his teeth, his throat, that sort of thing...his tonsils,"
Dan said.
	"Well, I...yes, I could have, and I probably should have, but after
his little, uh...accident...he seemed in a hurry to leave so I didn't want
to keep him. But I can do that now, if you think I should," he added
quickly.
	Brian legs were beginning to shake and his thighs were screaming
for him to stop.  He forced up one last rep and dropped his arms to lean
against the desk, his chest heaving to get his breath.
	"Damned impressive," Sgt. Conner said as he walked around behind
the desk again and jotted something down.  "Why don't you just lay across
the desk till you catch your breath," he told Brian, as he reached out and
took hold of his elbows to buckle his arms toward him. Brian let his body
collapse across the desk, his head laying to one side.  "Your dad thinks I
need to give you an oral," he said.
	"Yeah, okay, whatever you guys say," Brian said, between breaths.
	Sgt. Conner looked across his desk at Dan as he reached for his
belt. It was a tentative move, hesitating, as he searched the older man's
face for some sign of understanding and approval, an okay.  When Dan
nodded, he undid his belt.  Dan stood and took off his shirt and reached
for his belt.  Brian wasn't aware of any of it, till he felt his dad's
hands on his butt and he half raised up to find Sgt. Conner's big, rubbery
cock hanging right in his face.
	"Have you caught your breath; are you up to an oral now?"
Sgt. Conner asked him.
	His eyes wide with surprise, Brian looked over his shoulder to see
his dad naked except for his boots, casually stroking his cock.
	"Geezusss!" he gasped.  ` "That story I was telling you...I never
finished it," Dan said in a husky tone.
	"No...no, y-you d-didn't," Brian stammered hoarsely.
	"Figured I would," Dan said.
	"Yeah, I...I g-guess I'd like to know h-how it came out," Brian
said.
	"I'll show you," Dan said.
	Brian turned his head back around to face Sgt. Conner and found his
big cock rubbing against his mouth, leaving warm, slick precome on his
lips.
	"Come on, open up, your dad said I need to check your tonsils."
	It was the most confusing moment of young Brian's life.  He had
never sucked a cock before, never even thought of doing it, and he knew
what his dad was going to do to him and now Sgt. Conner's cock was suddenly
looking more than interesting.  As his dad pulled his shorts down and took
them off of him and forced his feet wider apart, Brian found his mouth
going slack against Sgt. Conner's hot cock, as if the heat of it was
melting his lips.
	"D-Dad...y-you're gonnaa fuck me...!"  There were other words to
come but Sgt. Conner's cock shut them off.  It forced its way between his
slack lips and he suddenly had his mouth full of hot, hard cock for the
first time. He was frightfully surprised that he liked the feel of it, and
the taste. There was something powerful about having another man's hard
cock in his mouth, making him forget all about what he was going to say.
	He felt his dad's big, rough hands kneading his butt muscles,
pulling them apart, felt his thumbs digging into the muscle surrounding his
asshole, stretching him wide open. He heard him spit and felt the warm
slickness of his spit in the crack of his ass; then the heat of his
cockhead spreading the spit around.
	Ohh, Goddd, I'm gonna get my ass fucked! Just like his dad!  He was
scared out of his wits, but he kept telling himself, if his dad could take
it from that Marine, he could take it from his dad. He couldn't be a wuss
about it.  Obviously, his dad expected him to take it, just like he
expected him to suck the recruiter's cock; like it was a rite of passage,
something he had to do to earn the right to even sign the papers. His dad's
big hands clasped around his hips and he was pushing hard, stretching his
asshole...ohhhh...ohhh, Godd...ohhhh...he's gonna do it...he's gonna fuck
me...he's goin' IN!  "AAWwwwhhhhhh!" he cried aloud.
	"Here, get back on this," Sgt. Conner hissed as he pulled his head
back down to shove his cock back in his mouth.
	Brian moaned loudly around Sgt. Conner's cock as his dad shoved
deeper and deeper into his ass.  Ooohh, Godd...where's it all
going!...fuck, how much more!...Ohh, Geezusss!...Ohhh, Geezusss!...getting
fucked!...getting my ass fucked by my own dad!
	"Ohhh, Godd...Ohhhh Daddd!"
	"That ain't hurtin' is it?" Dan asked.
	"I d-don't...know...NO...no, it's not hurting...it's
f-feeling...Ohh Godd, Ohhh, I don't know, Dad...is it...supposed to...feel
like this?"
	"I don't know; how's it feeling?" Dan asked.
	"Good," Brian gasped.  "Ohhh, it's feeling good."
	"Then I guess it's supposed to," Dan said.
	Sgt. Conner was waiting patiently, stroking his cock in Brian's
face.  "Come on, your dad said I should check your tonsils," he said,
bringing his face back down to his cock.
	Brian let his head be guided down, his mouth pulled around the
man's hot, throbbing cock.  He held him tight while he swiveled his hips
back and forth, pile-driving his cock in and out of his mouth.  His dad's
cock driving in and out of his ass was causing his breath to come in gasps
and he became so caught up in it that he wrapped his hands around
Sgt. Conner's tight butt to pull him deeper into his mouth, and found
himself thrusting back onto his dad's driving cock.
	"Mann, he's taking it like a Marine already," Sgt. Conner said.
	"Yeah, like a real stud...from both ends," Dan agreed. "Listen,
Sergeant, when you're ready to go...you're gonna give it to him, right?"
	"If that's what you're telling me to do...he's your boy,"
Sgt. Conner said.
	"That's what I'm telling you do to," Dan said.  He slapped Brian's
butt.  "That what you want...for him to give it to you?...and I'm gonna
give it to you from this end."
	"Uuhmmm...Ummmm!" was all Brian could say as he nodded his head. He
was telling them yes, but it didn't matter; they would do what they wanted
to do with him.  The sensations in his ass were getting stronger and
stronger; he could hardly keep his eyes focused and when he closed them, he
saw tiny stars on his eyelids.  He never imagined that anything could feel
so good; certainly not getting his ass fucked.  He was scared of
Sgt. Conner going off in his mouth; he had never imagined such a thing
happening, and he was afraid he would choke, or get sick.  He'd only tasted
come a couple of times, and that was by accident, when he was jacking off,
and he was able to wash his mouth out real quick before he got a real
strong taste of the stuff. He wasn't going to be able to do that this
time. And he was going to get more than a taste; he was going to get a
mouthful of another guy's semen, and he just knew he was going to get sick.
Ohh, Godd, what if he made him swallow it! He knew he would get sick for
sure and then they were probably going to laugh at him. He couldn't get
sick. He couldn't choke and he couldn't get sick. He had to take it like a
man, and he would swallow it if Sgt. Conner told him to; every damned drop.
	His dad hunkered up closer behind him to use longer and harder
strokes.  "Damn, boy, you're gonna make one hell of a Marine, taking a big
hard cock like you're doing." he growled as he pounded the boy's ass.
	Brian was proud to hear his dad say that, but confused that this,
having sex from both ends, was any qualification for being a Marine.  But
if Sgt. Conner thought so; well he was the one who would be signing him up.
	"Ohhh, Damn, Recruit," Conner gasped suddenly.  "Ohh, fuck, you've
got me about there, buddy...ohhhh, so close...keep sucking, baby...keep
slurping with your tongue...Awwwhh, yeah...Ohhhh...Ohhhhh...Ohhhhh, fuck,
here it comes, man!  Wwhhhooaaaa!"
	Brian braced himself.  He could do nothing else.  Sgt. Conner had
his head in the vise like grip of his huge hands so he couldn't get away.
He felt the man's cock bolt harder in his mouth, then quiver violently just
before it exploded.
	"UUUHhnnnnnnnnn!" Conner groaned loudly, tossing his head back as
he raised up on his toes.
	"UUUmmmpphhhhhhnnn!" Brian choked as his cock burst into his throat
to deposit its first salvo of hot cum. The next one, he pulled back and
blasted the roof of his mouth. Two more and his mouth was filled with warm
semen, covering his tongue, the salty-acrid-sweet taste permeating his
taste buds.  More shot out the swollen head, swirling around in the deposit
already made.  Fuck, where was it all coming from?  Shit, so much cum!
Still shooting!  Gonna drown me!
	"Ooohh...ohhhh," Sgt. Conner moaned softly as he settled back down
on his feet, his legs shaking.  "Fuck, dude, you got it all," he gasped.
"You fuckin' drained my tanks."  Then he slowly withdrew his cock from the
cum-filled cavern of Brian's mouth, leaving him with the only decision he
could make. He had to swallow the stuff. Somehow, he had to open up his
throat and gulp down the thick, warm semen and show Sgt Conner and his
father that he was the man they thought him to be. He was gulping it down
when Conner offered him something, his shorts, to spit in.
	"Here, you need this to...ohhh, forget it...fuck, you're swallowing
it!" He laughed softly.  "He ain't letting it go to waste," he told Brian's
dad.
	He closed his eyes and opened his throat and swallowed. He was
surprised how easily the thick juice went down, almost in one long rope, it
was so thick. He almost regretted it; not having the stuff laying over his
tongue and being able to taste the man-flavor of the Marine. All the while,
his dad was fucking him, hard. He thrust in deep then twisted his hips
around in wide circles, causing his cock to lob around inside him. Ohh,
Godd, every time he did a circle, his cock rubbed up against that
spot...Ohhh...Ohhhh...Fuck, he didn't want to act like a pussy, like he was
liking it so much.
	"You getting close, boy?" his dad asked.
	"I've been so close," he whimpered.
	"Don't hold it back, this ain't a marathon," his dad said.
	"I'm not...holding back...Dad," he said. "I wanta come...so
bad...but I c-can't," Brian whimpered as he thrust his ass back hard onto
his dad's cock, trying to bring it into contact with his prostate, and each
time he did, he cried out.
	"He's drilling himself a new asshole on your cock. Maybe I can help
him out," Sgt. Conner said, coming around the end of the desk.  He got down
and scooted in under Brian and took his cock in his mouth.
	"OOOhhhhh," Brian moaned loudly as he fucked Sgt. Conner's face,
with his head pressed up against the side of the desk.
	"That helping?" his dad asked as he fucked him.
	"Awwwhhhh, Yesssss!  Awww, FUCK, DAD...you're driving me crazy
doing this!" he squealed. "I'm gonna cum so hard!"
	Dan held on tight to his son's hips and slammed his cock into him
harder. Every half dozen strokes he held it in tight and twisted his hips
around, causing his cock to lob around inside him. He knew it was playing
havoc with the boy's prostate and it would force him to cum. All the while,
Sgt. Conner was groaning and choking on Brian's cock that was being forced
into his throat each time his dad thrust forward. Several times his head
could be heard banging against the side of the desk.
	"Shit, boy, let it go!!" Dan growled.
	"I'm trying, Dad!" Brian whimpered. "Ohh, fuck, I'm trying so
hard!"
	Suddenly, Dan pulled his cock out and shoved two long, thick
fingers into the boy's gaping ass. He was able to get them in real deep and
easily found his prostate. It was swollen and palpitating from the brutal
attention it'd been getting. He curved both fingers around the spongy organ
and began massaging it hard.
	"AAAaawwwhhhh!" Brian cried out, tossing his head back with a
grimace of pained lust.  "Awwwh, Dad!  What're you doing?"
	"Trying to get you off," Dan said as he brutalized the boy's
prostate with his fingers.
	"Aaahhh...Oohhhh...Ohhhh, fuck...Ohhh, Dad...OOOOO, don't stop
doin' that!  Oohhhhh, Goddd...OOOOOHHHH...here it comes!  Ohh, Fuck, Dad,
you're making me cummmmm!"
	Dan quickly pulled his fingers out and slammed his cock back into
the boy's quivering ass. He fucked him like a pile driver, so hard that the
desk moved, and Sgt. Conner was whimpering and choking. Brian fought to
breathe, choking in ragged breaths of air as his climax overtook him.
Toward the end, he felt his dad's big cock exploding inside him, his hot,
thick cum washing over his prostate and back along the shaft of his
cock. It was a stupendous cum that left the three of them panting and
gasping for air. Dan collapsed on top of his son, keeping his cock buried
to the hilt, while Brian kept Sgt. Conner's head lodged against the desk.
After a moment, Sgt. Conner struggled to dislodge Brian's cock from his
mouth and scoot out from under him. He was still panting as he got to his
feet.
	"Geezusss, you could populate your own fuckin' country with a load
like that," he said.
	Brian remained sprawled across the desk till his dad finally raised
up from him.  His arms trembled as he tried to push himself up and he lay
back down with a groaning sigh. Dan gently pulled his cock free and
Sgt. Conner was on hand with paper towels from the bathroom.
	"Here, if he takes after his old man, you flooded his insides," he
said.
 	Sure enough when Dan's cock fell free, his come started running out
his son's open asshole. He caught it in the paper towel and wiped up the
inside of is thigh. They together, they helped Brian straighten up and
steadied him on his feet.
	"Am I still gonna get to join," Brian asked as he pulled up his
shorts and jeans.
	"You're as much as in," Sgt. Conner said as he went around behind
his desk for the papers he had prepared.
	Dan was busy getting his clothes adjusted.  "Don't sign anything
yet," he told Brian.
	Both Brian and Sgt. Conner looked at him, bewildered.
	"He needs to think about it some more," Dan said. "We may have to
come back and see you again."
	With that, they both understood, and Sgt. Conner slipped the papers
back into his desk drawer.

				  The End

(If you liked the story--or if you didn't--I would appreciate hearing from
you at Peterbilt1228@live.com.  Especially if you've had anything like this
happen to you, or anything close; I would like to hear about it.  I get a
lot of my inspiration and ideas from readers).

Thanks,
Pete

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 19 Dec 2007 06:44:25 -0600
From: FD Campbell
Subject: Marine Recruiter  (revised)

This is a story of sex between adult male members of the MILITARY. All
legal disclaimers apply. If this topic offends you, do not read any
further; and ask yourself why you are at this site.
	If you are under the age of 18 (21 in some areas) and too young to
be reading such material or if you are in a locale or country where it is
not legal to read such material then please leave immediately and come back
when it is legal for you to do so. We'll be glad to have you back.
	This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual events or
locations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental, although
it may be loosely based on real events and people.
	The story is in no way meant to disrespect, demean, discredit or
dishonor the men serving in uniform. On the contrary, the author has the
greatest respect and admiration for our men in the military and it is the
author's belief that men should be allowed to serve their country
honorably, protecting all freedoms, including their own freedom to be who
they are.
	If you meet the criteria then read on, enjoy, and kindly let me
know what you think. On the sites that provide for you to rate the stories
or leave comments, I value your thoughts and opinion; I would also like to
hear from you personally. Personal stories and accounts of your own similar
experiences are always welcome.  Contact me at Peterbilt222@hotmail.com

Submitted 08-10-07 to GayDemon
Submitted 10-05-07 to agaysex.cm

			     Marine Recruiter
				 (Revised)

	Brian Kelly walked into the recruiter's office with some
trepidation.  He wasn't a timid sort of guy...he'd been a jock since he was
six...but all the stories about the military naturally gave him pause for
thought.  He gained his courage from his natural tendency to look at such
things in life as a challenge. The young, sharp marine stood up from his
desk and put out his hand.
	 "Hey, glad you came in," he said.
	Brian took his hand, noting his name-tag...Conner....and the
strong, not-put-on grip and the sinewy muscles dancing in his forearm.  He
waved Brian to sit down.
	"I have to assume you're interested in joining the marines."
          	"Well, I want some information," Brian said, noticing the
way the marine filled out the uniform, and trying to imagine what he would
look like in it.
	"Okay, I'll give you my spiel then you can ask me any questions you
want," the sergeant said.
          	Brian listened to the sergeant's canned speech about the
tradition of the Marine Corps, how great it was to be a Marine, what he
could expect of the Marines and of himself.  Then he opened it up for
questions.
          	"By the way, are you out of high school?" he asked.
          	"Finishing up my senior year," Brian replied.
	"Good, because you'll need a high school diploma."
	"Yes, from all I read and hear, it takes some smarts to get
in. That's what I wanted to talk to you about.  I'm pretty sure I can pass
the physical, but I'm not so sure about the mental part."
	"It takes no more than average intelligence," Conner said.
"Mainly, we want to know you've got what it takes to finish what you
started and finishing high school gives us some indication.  Given that, we
can find a place for you in the Marines.  There's a battery of tests to
determine where you would be most suited.  So far as the physical....."  He
paused and looked him over.  "Well, obviously, you've got a head start on
that, barring any hidden deficiencies."
	"I don't know of any hidden deficiencies.  I don't know what they
would be," Brian said.  "I've been an athlete all my life and I take good
care of myself."
	"Yes, obviously, I can see that from the way you fill out your
clothes.  But the physical training in the Marines is different from
pumping iron in the weight room.  You could bench 300-pounds and not pass
the Marine PT test.  It's a whole different ball game.  It's based on
strength and stamina.  Most guys who have the muscles don't have the
stamina.  But you've got the foundation, and most of all, what it takes to
accomplish what you set out to do.  You don't get to look like that by
sitting on your ass."
	"Well, I think I can take whatever the Marines dishes out," Brian
said.
	Conner nodded, smiling.  "You came in with the right attitude.  I
like your confidence," he said.
	"But what kind of hidden deficiencies would they be looking for?"
Brian asked with some concern.
	"Look, I can give you a preliminary physical if you like, see if
there's anything we need to be concerned about or have taken care of before
you enlist."
	"You can?"
	"It wouldn't be the official physical, understand; just a prelim.
You couldn't even tell anybody I did it.  But sometimes I can detect a
problem that can be addressed before you show up for your physical.  Like
flat feet, or an enlarged prostate, I can check for hernia....things that
can be corrected in advance."
	"Well, I don't have flat feet, and I don't have any hernia that I
know of," Brian said.
	"If you want me to do it, I can lock up for a little while," Conner
said.
	"Sure, I guess.  It wouldn't hurt," Brian agreed.
	Conner walked over and turned the deadbolt.  "Okay, let's go in the
back room."
	Brian followed him into a small office where there was a desk
devoid of any papers, and shelves stacked with supplies.
	"You wanta strip down for me?" Sgt. Conner said.
	Brain hesitated.
	"If you've got a problem with that, you came to the wrong place,"
Conner said, laughing.  "It can't be that big a deal, you're a jock."
	"No, it's no big deal," Brian said, a little embarrassed that he
had been even the slightest bit hesitant about taking of his clothes.
	Conner rested his butt back against the desk with his arms crossed
over his chest as he watched Brian strip down.
	"Shit, the shape you're in, I'll be surprised if I find anything
wrong," he said as he watched the boy baring his muscular body. There was
an intense expectancy when Brian was down to his briefs. "You're going to
make a hell of a Marine," he remarked when Brian straightened from taking
them off and stood naked before him.  "Okay, let's have a look at your
feet."
	Brian lifted one foot then the other for the sergeant's inspection.
	"Those feet and those legs will carry you through twenty mile
marches, easy," Conner said.  He pulled up a chair and sat down.  "Okay,
stand in front of me with our feet apart.  This is familiar to you, I'm
sure, from your sports physicals."
	Brian took the stance that he knew so well.  He knew this routine
but he had a funny feeling about this stud-marine giving him the exam.
Nobody but a doctor and some girls had ever touched him so up close and
personal.
	"Fuck, that's gonna go over big in the barracks," Conner laughed as
he shoved Brian's heavy cock to one side.  He probed gently up into his
crotch.  "Cough."
	Brian coughed a couple of times.  Conner shoved his cock to the
other side and probed again.  "Cough.  Again..."  Brian was a bit concerned
that he seemed to linger on his left side.
	"Is something wrong?  Did you find something?" he asked.
	"Looks like I found something all right, but nothing that's going
to keep you out of the Marines."  He gave Brian's big cock a
smack. "Goddam, how'd you get that thing so big?" he asked, laughing.
	"I don't know, it just grew," Brian said.
	"Everything's feels fine," Conner replied as he probed one more
time.
	Brian winced when Conner lifted his balls in his hand and gently
squeezed and mauled them with his fingers.
	"Looks like these are trying to keep up with your cock," Conner
joked.  "I gotta say, you're put together damned good down here.  Better
than most guys who come in here."
	"Thanks...I guess," Brian said nervously.
	"Okay, you know the routine from here.  Bend over the desk and
spread your feet," Conner said.
	"No, I...I don't," Brian said.  "I never had this exam before."
	"They don't do it as part of your sports physical?"
	"No."
	"Well, you're in for a treat," Conner said with a chuckle as he
reached over the desk and got a tube of lubricant out of the drawer.
	Reluctantly, Brian bent over the desk, propped up on his elbows,
with his feet set wide apart.
	Conner scooted up behind him on the chair.  "If you've never had
this done before there might be a little discomfort right at first, but
it's nothing you can't handle if you're going to be a Marine," he told him.
	Brian jumped when he felt Conner's finger on his asshole.
	"Try to relax," Conner told him.
	"I just never had anybody touch me back there before," Brian said.
	Conner worked his finger around the tight hole, massaging the
clenching muscle. Gradually, he felt the boy relax.  "Ah, that's it, just
relax and take it like a man," he told him.
	Brian winced again when the marine's thick finger slipped inside
him. Thankfully, he held it still for a moment to let him get used to it.
Then he began moving his finger around, massaging the inner muscles of his
ass. "Ohh," he gasped softly.
	"You okay?"
          	"Yeah....yeah....I just never felt anything....OHHhhhhh,"
he gaped louder as Conner probed deeper.  He held his breath as Conner
slowly shoved his finger in as far as he could.  "Awhhhhh," he cried softly
when he started moving it around.  The guy had big fingers, and Godddd, it
was feeling good!
	"You still okay?" Conner asked.
	"Yeah," he replied nervously.
	"Okay, let's go on a search mission and see if I can find it,"
Conner said as he began probing and moving his finger around deep inside
Brian's ass.
	"OHhhh....Awwwhhhhh....Ohhhhhh, fuck!"
	"What's the matter?"
	"Awwww, man, I don't know what you're looking for but you found
something!" he moaned.
	"I don't feel it yet," Conner said.
	"AWWWHHHH!"
	"Is that hurting?"
	"NO!  Ohhh, no, it's not hurting....it's...fuck, it's not supposed
to feel like this, is it?"
	"I don't know, how's it feeling?" Conner asked.
	Brain didn't answer.  He couldn't tell the sergeant that it was
feeling good, having his finger up his ass.  Shit, he would think he was
gay and that would dam sure keep him out of the Marines.
	Conner kept probing and massaging the boy's love nut.  He'd found
it right away but he pretended he was still searching so he could keep his
finger moving.  He explored and traced the full perimeter around the
hard-spongy muscle, then zeroed in.  He rubbed his fingertip all around
inside the perimeter and nudged the sponginess with his finger.
	"AAAhhhhhhhhh! Ohh, Goddam, Sergeant....y-you're g-gonna have to
find it pretty damned quick, before I..."
	"Ah, there is it," Conner said.
	"Ohh, Goddd...!"
	"Hang in there, stud," Conner said.  "Everything feels normal so
far....need to get a feel all around...to be sure you..."
	"Ohhhhh...ohhhhh, Geezusss....Awwwwhhhhh, man, Sergeant, you gotta
stop!"
	"Come on, stud, you can handle it," Conner said as he kept rubbing
the now-swollen prostate.
	"It's not that!...it don't hurt...it's f-feeling...awww, man, its
feeling good, and I don't think it's supposed to feel good."
	"If it feels good, let it," Conner said.
	"Awwwhhhh...Ohhhhh, Sarge...Ohhhhhh," he moaned as he began
thrashing his butt around on the sergeant's finger.
	"Do you want me to stop?"
	"Yes!  No!  No, d-don't...awwww, don't stop, man, you're gonna make
me...c-can't help it....I'm gonna COME! Awwhhh...awwwww, here it
comes...ohh, shit, I can't help it...I'm c-commmmminnnnn!"
	His asshole squeezed tightly around Conner's thick finger as his
prostate went into action, quivering and palpitating to force the thick,
hot come out of its reservoir, sending it hurling up through his cock.  It
felt like a tiny heart pounding. Brian couldn't do anything but hang his
head and grip the sides of the desk and let it happen.  His body lurched
with each spurt, his legs shook and his stomach muscles trembled.  The
stuff was shooting out all across the desk and he hunkered back but his
cock was so hard it still stuck up in the air. He reached down and shoved
it down between his legs and heard the stuff hitting the side of the desk.
Godd, it felt incredible!  So much come; he didn't know he had it in him,
didn't know where it was all coming from.
	Sergeant Conner kept his finger inside him till he began to settle
down.
	"You okay now? Want me to stop now?" he asked in a gruff, gentle
tone.
	"Yeah," Brian whispered.
	Conner pulled his finger out every-so-slowly and gently.  Brian
almost hated for him to take it out; his asshole still felt good squeezing
around it.  But finally, he was clenching the air as his hole gradually
closed up.  Conner patted him on the butt.
	"Well, in my humble opinion, I don't see a fuckin' thing to keep
you from becoming a first-rate Marine," he said.
	Filled with embarrassment, Brian hesitated before he found the
courage to shove himself up from the desk.  Fuck, what a mess!  There was
come streaked all over the desk, some went clear across the desk and hit a
file cabinet.  It was a good thing the desk was cleaned off.  He glanced
down to see the thick ropes of come clinging and slowly running down the
side of the desk.  Fuck, he thought, I shot all of that?
	"I'm sorry, I don't known what happened," he said quietly as he
stumbled to get his clothes.
	"Don't worry about it.  That happens to some guys," Conner said.
	"It does?  It's happened to other guys?"
	"Yeah, and they all get so embarrassed, like it was the first time
they ever shot a load."
	"Well, it is the first time I ever went off in front of anybody
else," Brian said.
	"Hey, you shouldn't keep it to yourself, that was damned
impressive," Conner said, laughing.
	Brian pulled his shorts up and tucked his heavy, rubbery manhood
inside.  A big spot appeared in the pouch, soaking up the come that had
clung to his cock and was still oozing out.
	"If you have some paper towels, I'll clean this up," he offered.
	"Don't worry about it.  I'll take care of it," Conner said.
	"Naw, you don't have to....I don't want you to have to..."
	"First thing you have to do as a Marine is learn to follow orders,"
he cut in.  "Now let's go out to my desk and finish the interview and see
if you want to sign some papers."
	"Y-you still want me to join, after I did...this?" he asked, with a
wave of his hand toward the desk.  "It didn't mean anything that I....that
it...."
	"What?"
	"That it felt good, having your finger up my ass?  I don't think a
guy....a normal guy....is supposed to have those feelings in his ass.  I
never heard of anybody enjoying that exam."
	"Why not?  Nothing in the regs that say a guy can't shoot a healthy
load now and then," Conner said as he went on out to his office.  "Hell,
you wouldn't be a man if you didn't.  Of course, you're more of a man than
anybody I've had come through the door.  Shit, it looks there was a horse
back there," he said, laughing.
	Brian scrambled to get in his clothes.  He rushed to take his chair
across from the corporal's desk.
	"So, do you still want to be a Marine?" Conner asked.
	"Definitely, if you'll still have me, but..."
	"But? You've still got some reservations?"
	"Well, I...I was wondering, if...if they do that to me when they
give me a real physical...you know, the old finger exam...I mean, if I
shoot off like that when they're examining my ass, are they gonna think I'm
gay or something?
	Sgt. Conner laughed heartily. "Son, all they're gonna think is
they've got a prime specimen who's going to make a first rate Marine."
	"Well, then, I sure do want to join up."
	"Okay, but I don't want you to sign right now. You take these
papers home and read them over.  Have your dad look at them if you want to.
Then get back with me."  He stood up.
	Brian stood up and took the corporal's hand, realizing only then
that it was the hand with the finger that had been so deep up inside his
ass.
	"Look, I'm sorry again....about that," he said nodding to the door
leading into the back office.  "I don't know why it felt so good, but you
weren't stopping and it just got to feeling so damned good I couldn't help
it."
	Conner laughed.  "Just be glad one of us kept his senses," he said.
"Truth is, I was getting pretty hot, too, and if you hadn't shot off when
you did, you would've likely had something more than my finger in your
ass."
	"I was afraid you might use more than one finger," Brian said.
	"I wasn't talking about my fingers," Conner said as he dropped his
hand between his legs.
	Brian's eyes widened.  Sgt. Conner laughed, and Brian realized he
was only kidding.  Or was he? "Well, I hope I see you back here in a few
days," he said, gently groping his crotch.
	"Yeah...y-yeah, I...I'll be back, for sure," Brian stammered as he
moved toward the door.

				  The End

(If you liked the story--or if you didn't--please rate it and leave your
comments.  I would also appreciate hearing from you personally at
Peterbilt222@hotmail.com)