Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 2 Jul 2011 13:41:30 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Part IV Life After Rehab, Chapter 58: Independence Day Gathering

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about Ronny's new life after the
Corps, rehabilitation, Gary and Jason. Although the story depicts the
characters bare backing please use condoms at all times while engaging in
anal sex!

Let me take this opportunity to apologize to my faithful readers of Marine
Home on Leave. After taking a hiatus I am going to try to conclude the
story.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave Part IV


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part IV
Life After Rehab

Chapter 58: Independence Day Gathering

The July 4th weekend would be a big celebratory event at the Driver
house. The entire family would be present. However, Mr. Driver who had
passed away months before would be sorrowfully missed. Mrs. Driver had
decided to have the Sunday festivities catered, so that she might enjoy the
party.

There would be a brunch for just the family members and a few close friends
and then in larger dinner in the late afternoon. The shop would close
Friday afternoon at five for a three day weekend with the exception of
towing. The family would celebrate many things during that Independence Day
holiday weekend.

Not only would those in attendance commemorate the anniversary of the
adoption of the Declaration of Independence, declaring independence from
the Kingdom of Great Britain, they would celebrate Ronny's homecoming. For
Ronny an event long over due.

Although Ronny Driver a medically retired Marine would never wear the
uniform again to defend and preserve America's freedom from oppression and
tyranny he'd done his share: more than others in the land of the free and
home of the brave. The retired Marine would be the center of attention to
celebrate successful completion of rehabilitation for alcohol and drug
abuse as well as Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Ronny had told his mother,
brother and sister that he'd invited a special guest, but would not reveal
the name of the guest.

Ronny's brother Brandon and his new partner that he'd met while attending
college in Arizona would be there. Gary, Ronny's best friend, who along
with Mrs. Driver was now managing the shop, would be in attendance. Others
invited were Jason's mother, a couple of Brandon's close friends, family
members and friends.

Thursday afternoon Ronny sat in the glider on the spacious back porch of
the Driver home sipping ice tea. His thoughts drifting back in time,
reliving what had transpired during the past months. The Marine spent
months recovering from his injuries received in Afghanistan and then more
months in a VA rehab center after an intervention by family and
friends. During the period of substance abuse his life had spiraled out of
control. He had become a lost soul who thought he had lost everything in
his life and no reason to continue it.

During that tumultuous time his father passed away. Ronny felt that his dad
died far too young. His dad was his hero and person he most looked up to
during his youth. The person he'd been drawn to, the love of his life for a
while and person who cared for him while recovering from injuries had moved
on. He still missed Jason's caring way and tactile caressing.

Ronny still wrote and talked to his former caregiver. After the Marine was
released from the VA center Ronny decided not to return to his hometown
immediately, thereby subjecting himself to all the bad memories. Ronny took
an apartment close to the VA facility where he was close to help if
necessary. His best friend and adopted brother, Gary Player, and first-time
lover had parted company.

Gary was working with Ronny's mom co-managing Driver Auto Repair and Towing
while Gary completed his associate's degree in business. Once Gary
graduated he would assume full managerial duties running the family
business. Ronny's mother was going to return to college to finish her
education.

After Ronny returned stateside it seemed to the Marine that everything went
awry. During his time recuperating he'd become dependent on medication and
once the prescription meds had been cut off he'd turned to alcohol and the
streets for drugs for pain relief and false courage.

"Ronny," Mrs. Driver said shaking Ronny's shoulder, "Phone call."

"Thanks mom," Ronny said as he got up to go inside to answer the phone.

Ronny finished his phone call and returned to the back porch where he told
his mom, "I'm going out of town early tomorrow morning, but I should be
back Saturday night or early Sunday morning for the big party."

"You better be back by Sunday morning. This party is for you young man,"
Mrs. Driver said forcefully.

Friday afternoon, the 1st of July the door to a hotel suite opened. There
standing in the hallway was a stunningly seductive Ronny Driver. There was
no cast on his broken body. The Marine had full use of his arms and legs.

That Friday would be the first time the two lovers had been alone together
since they parted company months ago. The two had been thrown together
earlier under unusual circumstances. Over the following months the Marine
and his caregiver would grow close. They would bond and eventually fall in
love.

Although their love for each other had been a long distance affair for
months it was time to demonstrate their physical love for each other. They
would spend that night and next day making passionate love. They would
finally consummate a relationship that began months before.

Jason grabbed hold of Ronny pulling him through the doorway into his
awaiting arms. They embraced and their hungry mouths met in a soulful
kiss. One could tell they longed for each other as their mouths opened
accepting the other's tongue. They slipped their tongues in as if the were
searching for each other's souls.

Jason pushed the door closed and locked it so they could continued their
passionate embrace in private: French kissing, nuzzling each other's necks,
whispering their deepest desires into each other's ears. They whispered
words such as I want you, I love you, and make me complete.

Slowly, the two inched towards the big bed sensuously stripping off each
other's clothing, one piece at a time dropping the items along the way, as
they edged closer to the bed. Both men were at the peak of sexual
arousal. Their hearts were racing and breathing was labored. They were each
filled with wanton desire for the other.

Fully undressed they gazed upon each other's stunningly beautiful
bodies. With subtle touches they stroked each other's skin drinking in the
beauty of the other's body. Jason could wait no longer he pulled his lover
down onto the bed on top of him. The two began frotting, panting, and
writhing on the bed deep into the throes of passion.

The two were totally naked together in bed ready to take their love for
each other to the next level: the sweat and sensuality oozed from every
pore in their bodies. The two young men were drenched in sweat as they
ground their hard hot slick bodies together. They were kissing soulfully,
eating each other's faces up.

The love the two felt for each other was at the highest state of bliss ever
that Friday afternoon, months after their initial meeting. Finally, the two
would make unencumbered lustful love to each other for the rest of the day
and into the next.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 5 Oct 2010 11:36:05 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Part III Chapter 57

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about Ronny's new life after the
Corps, rehabilitation and Jason.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Part III
Ronny's New Life
Chapter 57: Awakening

"WAKEUP MR. DRIVER WAKEUP!"

Experiencing a pounding sensation inside his skull and a dry mouth Ronny
Driver was hearing a loud but familiar voice along with a hand gently
patting his cheeks, requesting him to wakeup. "Come on Marine time to
wakeup and take your medication."

The Marine slowly began opening his eyes as he felt the head of his bed
moving into an upright position. When the bed stopped moving at about a
forty-five degree angle his eyes became more focused. Ronny could see a
familiar looking doctor dressed in a fresh white lab coat with stethoscope
hanging from his neck standing next to his bed. The doctor said again in a
more cheerful voice. "Wakeup Marine it's time to take your medication."

"Doctor Thorn!" Ronny Driver exclaimed in a state of bewilderment, looking
at the handsome Asian doctor.

The medically retired Marine couldn't figure out how his lover had gotten
dressed in his white smock when only a few minutes prior they'd been
enjoying breakfast with his mom and dad. The Marine tried to reach out to
accept the small white paper cup containing the medication in the doctor's
hand but couldn't. He couldn't lift his hands to accept the cup. He looked
down at his arms and hands. They were still attached and his fingers were
moving, but his wrists were in leather restraints.

"Open your mouth," The Asian doctor ordered.

The Marine opened his mouth instinctively. The doctor pushed the cup to
Ronny's lips emptying the container into his mouth. The patient accepted
the pills from the cup. Then the doctor held a flexible straw to the
Ronny's lips so he could take a drink of water to wash the pills
down. "Drink as much as you want. You need plenty of fluids."

Once Ronny had taken in a sufficient amount of water he released the
plastic straw from his lips and asked in an irritated voice. "Why are my
arms tied down to the bedrails like some prisoner?"

"It's for your safety and ours Marine. You're a pretty strong individual,
Ronny."

"Where am I?" Ronny asked looking around the room.

"You're in a locked facility at the Topeka VA Medical Center. You know me
I'm your neurologist Dr. Thorn; however, this gentleman is one of my
bosses, Dr. Charles Cutting, head of Psychiatry." Doctor Thorn said
motioning to the taller older gentleman standing at the foot of the bed
holding an aluminum clipboard in his hands.

"Okay, but why am I here and my hands tied down? I've got a job and school
I need to get back to," Ronny replied.

"Not lately, but that's a positive sign you are regaining your cognitive
abilities Corporal. You been through a lot lately," the older doctor said,
"Briefly, tell me what you remember Corporal?"

"About what?"

"Start with what you remember about how you were injured in Afghanistan and
then go forward from there."

"Best I remember I was thrown from a helicopter. The chopper crashed and
came to rest on top of me. I guess I got fucked up pretty bad, `cause from
there I was medevaced out to the in-country hospital and from there I was
airlifted to Germany where they operated on me and put on the first
casts. From there I was transported to the Navy Marine Hospital in Maryland
for more operations and new casts. Then after a few weeks they sent me to
the VA facility closest to my home in Missouri.

"That's good," the older doctor said, "Your long-term memory appears to be
intact. So, what else do you remember?"

"After a time at the VA hospital I was sent home with my arms still in a
big old cast the covered my arms and chest. My leg was also in a cast. I
remember that I was in a lot of pain."

"What else can you tell us?"

"If memory serves me after I got home I lived in a makeshift hospital room
where my family, especially my mom and a part-time male nurse took care of
me until I got the casts off. Really good-looking dude about six feet two
inches with a blonde flattop hair cut. Between him and mom they took pretty
care of me for weeks while I recovered. But he was the one that took care
of most of my personal hygiene needs. I think he also worked at one of the
VA hospitals `casue I remember seeing him there and he would visit me."

Ronny stopped there not wanting to disclose any further details about the
relationship between him and the male nurse.

"Do you remember what happened to your caregiver? Do you remember his name?
Why he left? Where did he go after leaving service working for your
mother?" Doctor Cutting asked.

"His name was Jason Cox. Dude left after all my casts were removed and I
started Physical Therapy at the VA and then home. You know, I was able to
take care of my personal hygiene by then and dress myself. He still stopped
by every once in while to visit and then he was gone. Where he went... I
think, if I remember, he was supposed to go to medical school
somewhere. The rest is kind of hazy."

Again, Ronny thought he could remember more about Jason, but refrained from
telling the whole story. He wasn't sure how much the doctors knew about the
incident involving Jason and his brothers.

"Well, young man I want you to know considering the physical and emotional
trauma you suffered this past year your memory is pretty good," Dr. Cutting
said, "Now it's time for us to work with you and help you get back to a
normal life."

"Thanks. Now when do I get outa here?" Ronny asked eagerly.

"This facility offers the very best in alcohol and substance abuse
rehabilitation, Psychiatric and Neurological care as well as an outstanding
PTSD program for vets. Our goal, if you will allow us to work with you, is
to get you back on your feet as a productive member of society,"
Dr. Cutting briefed, "But that's going to take time."

"Doc, I still don't know why I'm being held here," Ronny said.

"Ronny, your uncle, mother, adopted brother, Gary, and I finally managed to
track you down. When we found you, you were in a pretty bad state
physically and emotionally. We did an intervention a week ago. After your
father's death you began engaging in some very self-destructive behaviors,
bordering on suicidal," Dr. Thorn explained.

Ronny lay in the bed staring at the ceiling his eyes filling with tears. He
asked, "So, my dad is really dead?"

"Yes Ronny. In fact, I was on duty the day your father was brought into
Allenville Medical Center's Trauma Center. He suffered a cerebral aneurysm
at work and by the time he got to the trauma center he was in what we call
a stage 4 condition on the Hunt and Hess scale."

Ronny continued crying, "No... no... no it can't be true."

"Yes, Ronny your father is gone. He was cremated per his instructions,"
Dr. Thorn said.

"IT'S NOT TRUE!" Ronny screamed.

"Ronny your dad received the very best care from the moment he arrived at
Allenville right up until he passed away ten days later. If he had been
brought in when your dad first experienced the stage 1 headache things
might have been different. In short, if we had been able to treat him in a
grade 1 or 2 condition there might have been some hope, but a grade 4 only
carries a 20 percent survival rate and many times that is in a vegetative
or semi vegetative state."

"You need to get some rest young man," Dr. Cutting said, "We hope to get
you started on rehabilitation Monday morning."

Dr. Cutting put the chart down before he prepared to leave the room and
said, "See you Monday Marine.

After Dr. Cutting departed Dr. Thorn reached down and began releasing the
restraints from Ronny's wrists. "After your injuries in Afghanistan and
throughout your treatment and recovery at military hospitals you were given
some pretty heavy duty drugs to help control pain as well as other
medications."

"Isn't that kind of standard procedure for injured personnel?" Ronny asked.

Yes, the VA began using medications to help you with the pain and to sleep
as well as other medications to address the issues connected with Post
Traumatic Stress Disorder. You became addicted to some of these medications
and after your dad's death you became addicted to alcohol as well as drugs
you could buy on the street."

Ronny rubbed his wrists after they were released from the leather
restraints. He asked, "Can I get up?"

"Let me help you." Dr. Thorn helped Ronny sit up and turn in the bed
putting his feet on the floor.

"What else did I do?"

"You didn't do anything, Ronny. We believe that the physical trauma you
suffered along with the emotional trauma of losing your buddies in the
crash and then losing your dad sent you over the edge. Along with your
dependency on alcohol and drugs to deal with your physical and emotional
issues you became delusional to the point of possible suicide."

"I am truly sorry for what I've put you all and my family through."

"No need to apologize to me it's all part of my job, maybe you need to
apologize to your family, but not me. You've got a lot going on in your
head, Marine. We know you suffered a concussion back in Afghanistan. The
medical field now refers to that type injury as a non-penetrating TBI.
That's my specialty and where I'm doing my research."

"So, I'm one of your research subjects?"

"You are one of the subjects of my research, but please don't give my
research a negative connotation. What we don't know is to what extent the
TBI has affected you. Something we're going to address if you'll work with
us over the next few weeks."

"I'm willing," Ronny replied, "Do you know when I'll be able to see my
family? I need to make amends."

"Let me talk to Dr. Cutting and then make some phone calls. I'll get back
to you later on this afternoon. Do you think you'd be up to visits this
weekend?"

"Sure."

"Okay. I see you later. Oh by the way the nurse will be in with your
breakfast in a few. I took the liberty of ordering a Belgium waffle, three
scrambled eggs, four pieces of bacons well, a bowl of fruit and coffee with
one cream," Dr. Thorn said with a wry smile as he exited the room.

Ronny lay back on the bed thinking about what the doctors had said. He
wondered what all he done to get locked up, but most of all how Dr. Thorn
new what his favorite breakfast was.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 3 Oct 2010 14:07:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Part III Chapter 56

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about Ronny's new life after the
Corps, rehabilitation and Jason.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part III
Ronny's New Life

Chapter 56: Surprises

Doctor Tom Thorn and Ronny Driver lay sprawled on the bed basking in
blissful afterglow. Their heart rates were still elevated and their
breathing was rapid as they recovered from their sexual marathon.

Rolling up on his left side Tom propped up on his left elbow with his right
arm and hand coming to rest on the Marine's chest. His forefinger and thumb
found Ronny's nipple and they began delicately flicking the pink nub before
asking, "Ronny, do you have any regrets about tonight? If so tell me now."

"No! Hell No!" Ronny exclaimed rolling over propping himself up facing the
exotically handsome doctor.

"Do you feel that I took advantage of you tonight in any way? I ask that
question considering my age, maturity and the fact that we were drinking
before all this took place."

"No way Tom! Look, I'm an adult I knew where things were heading," Ronny
replied looking into the Asian doctor's face that exhibited a slight five
o'clock shadow. "In fact, I think we needed each other tonight. In so many
ways tonight was an outlet for some pretty painful and stressful times I've
been experiencing lately."

"I'm glad you feel that way because I needed you tonight for some really
gratifying sex. I hope I satisfied you as much as you satisfied me, Ronny?"
Tom said now playing with Ronny's semi flaccid cock.

"Oh Hell Yes! Tom, you definitely know how to work that colossal cockhead
inside me. Every poke you'd bang my "G" spot. You had electricity flowing
through me and fireworks going off inside my head tonight. I couldn't ask
for anything more."

"I'm glad you enjoyed the way my cockhead worked you, Ronny."

"What's not to enjoy, Tom? I'm looking at one damn gorgeous cock,
especially that beautiful cockhead." Ronny said as he looked at Tom
preparing to ask one final question. "Just one question, how the hell do
you keep that cock of yours so fuckin hard for so long and hold-off your
orgasm?"

"I'll explain that later and if you're willing I think I can teach you to
be a skilful long-time lover," The doctor said with his infectious smile as
he moved down towards Ronny semi flaccid cock taking it in his mouth.

Tom began performing CPR on Ronny's dying solider attempting to bring it
back to life in short order. Ronny sucked in a deep breath as Tom's wet
mouth touched the head of his cock. Tom performed on Ronny's semi limp
member for a few minutes bringing his cock back to life while listening to
the Marine moan and sigh with pleasure.

Ronny could feel Tom's talented tongue circling the coronal ring. Every
once in a while flicking lightly underneath in the frenulum area before his
tongue would pry open the piss slit, scooping out some flowing
precum. Finally, Ronny ejaculated in Tom's mouth and the physician cleaned
up all the remnants in short order.

The Marine had to push Tom's mouth away as his softening cock was becoming
sensitive to touch. Tom began working his way back up to the Marine's
face. As he kissed on Ronny's nipple the young man sucked in a deep
breath. His nipples had become sensitive also.

Moving on up face-to-face the two began kissing. Ronny could taste his
spunk in Tom's mouth. They continued making out until Ronny broke the
embrace and asked, "So, where do we go from here?"

"I don't know. Let's just take things one step at a time. For me this is
just the beginning of what I hope will become a beautiful weekend between
us and hopefully a meaningful relationship with many more weekends
together."

"Sounds good to me," Ronny said rolling towards the doctor putting his arm
over him giving the doctor another kiss while squeezing his buttock.

"By the way I've rented this room for the entire weekend. I hope you don't
have any plans for the rest of the weekend," Tom whispered.

"None that I know of, I'm free, Tom. All my homework is up to date and I
don't have any work or family commitments for the weekend; however, I
should call to check-in with my family as I still live at home."

"I understand. In fact, I've got to check in with the hospital service even
though I'm not on call," Tom said, "After this weekend if things workout
between us then it will and if it doesn't then it won't -- no regrets on my
part."

"Same with me," Ronny replied," And I think that's smart. Let's just enjoy
the weekend together and maybe get to know each other a little better
before we make any long-term plans."

The two continued conversing with each other. The doctor confided in Ronny
that he was definitely a gay man and had known that since high school;
however, he was not an openly gay man and wanted to keep it that way.

Ronny in turn passed along that he too was not an openly gay person and
didn't know for sure whether he was gay, bisexual or what he was. He
explained that he'd only been with one gay partner and that was Gary,
which, at the time, he considered just a fling. They continued sharing more
about their backgrounds, families and goals in life.

"Well, I want to assure you that you are only the fourth male partner I've
been with in life. I have no sexually transmittable diseases; I'm HIV and
Hepatitis negative as well."

"Good to know, however I kind of figured you'd have to be working in a
hospital and all," Ronny replied, "but how do you know so damn much about
all the sexual shit we did tonight, Tom?"

"Back during my days at the university I had a great sex education teacher
who was gay and then there was my partner who was very knowledgeable. There
was also the Internet."

"Did the Internet teach you how to maintain that fantastic fuckin erection
even after you'd ejaculated twice or was that something one of your other
lovers taught you?" Ronny asked.

"One can learn a lot from the Internet. The fantastic erection was due
in-part to chemical enhancement and other things. I'll tell you all about
it a little later if you're interested."

"Oh hell yeah, I'm definitely interested," Ronny replied ecstatically.  Tom
changed the direction of the conversation filling Ronny in about his family
in between caressing each other's bodies. Ronny would learn that Doctor
Tom's family had made a roundabout journey to America where he would become
a neurosurgeon.

>From his father's roots in Korea Ronny learned Tom's dad moved to Brazil
to receive a free college education and there married Tom's mother. After
living in Brazil the family migrated to America where they earned advance
degrees and gave birth to Tom. After growing up in southern California
which enabled him to attend University of California, San Diego he then
went onto Stanford University before taking the teaching fellowship at
Allenville.

Ronny filled Tom in on his dad's plans for him to take control and run the
family business at some future date. The Marine told the doctor that he
loved his father and didn't want to disappoint his dad or dash his dreams
for at least one of the siblings to carry on the business when he passed
on. That was why he was taking business major courses at the local college.

The doctor asked Ronny, "So what would you really like to do with your
life?"

"I don't know," Ronny replied, "I guess although dad was proud of me
joining the Corps because he'd served he was sure once my enlistment was
over I'd return to the family business."

"I hear what you're saying, Ronny. I followed my mom and dad into the
medical field, but it was something I wanted."

"So, both your parent's are doctors?"

"My dad is cardiologist in New York and my mom holds a postgraduate degree
in Biomedical Engineering. All of us children chose some type of medical
field or science."

The Marine expressed concerns about the difference in their age, culture
and education. Tom assured Ronny that if they were to become a discreet
couple the doctor felt they could overcome those obstacles. Finally after
another couple hours of conversation and caressing the two decided it was
time to get up, clean up the mess around the bed and take a shower.

There was nothing they could do about the mess left on the sheets, but they
could collect the used condoms, tubes of lubricants and wipes before
heading to the bathroom for a shower. Ronny looked at his watch on the
nightstand before they entered the bathroom. The dial showed a little
before five in the morning.

The two men bathed each other while caressing each other's bodies and
kissing. Finally, after a half hour it was time to get out of the shower
and dry off.

While drying their bodies Tom asked Ronny, "So, where you want to go for
breakfast?"

"Wherever you feel comfortable, Tom."

"Well, I like to start off the day with a hearty breakfast because I
usually don't have time for lunch and as for dinner I'm on the run while
I'm on duty. I guess that's what keeps me slim," Tom said with a laugh, "Oh
by the way when we're out in public there is no show of affection. We are
just friends, and call me doctor."

"Sure, no problem I wouldn't want it any other way. But answer me this why
did you take a chance at the restaurant last night?"

"Ronny, we were well-insulated at that particular restaurant. I'll explain
it later. Hey, there's a great pancake house a couple blocks down the
street."

"Sounds good to me let's go," Ronny answered.

"Let me call the service to check in and let them know what I'm doing and
where I'll be today."

"Sure, let me call home so my parents won't think I've been kidnapped,"
Ronny said with a chuckle.

Both men took out their cell phones. Ronny stepped out on the hotel veranda
to make his call while Tom stayed inside to make his call.

"Hello, Janie where's mom and dad at this early hour on Saturday morning?"
After a pause he replied, "Okay, well just checking-in I'll check back
later today. Tell them I called."

Once both men finished checking in they were ready to go for
breakfast. They walked to the pancake house and were seated. The waitress
brought menus and coffees. The two had just taken sips of their hot coffee
when a familiar voice got Ronny's attention.

"Son, where you been?" Ronny's father asked.

Ronny turned looking up almost choking on his coffee before answering with
a surprised look on his face, "Dad."

The doctor immediately chimed in to save the day for Ronny and possibly
himself. "Hello Mr. Driver. We've never actually met, but I know you. I'm
Doctor Tom Thorn one of the neurology fellows at the VA hospital. I divide
my time between the VA's Neurology Department and Allenville's Trauma
Center."

"Good to meet you doctor," Mr. Driver acknowledged shaking hands.

The doctor continued, "After delivering the devastating news yesterday at
the Allenville hospital Ronny ran off. I knew I had to track him down and
when I found him I offered to buy him dinner late last night so we might
discuss things. After dinner we sat and talked at length about Ronny's
future until early this morning. Then we decided to have breakfast."

"Well, I certainly thank you, doctor for taking care of my son. You know
he's just finished recovering from some pretty serious injuries."

"Yes, I know," The doctor said, "I work in the Neurology Department at the
VA hospital where Ronny is a patient."

"Please, join my wife and me for breakfast," Mr. Driver requested.

The two men glanced at each other briefly, and almost as if the two were
reading each other's thoughts, in the interest of peace they simultaneously
got up from their seats to move, following Mr. Driver.

The waitress followed moving the patrons their coffees and menus to the
family booth.

"Look who I found, honey," Mr. Driver said to his wife, "Ronny and the
neurologist."

"Hi mom."

"Good morning Mrs. Driver," The doctor said extending his hand to the
woman.

The three seated themselves in the curved booth. The waitress asked if she
could take the orders.

"I'm hungry. I'll have the Belgium waffle special, three eggs scramble and
four bacons well with a bowl of fruit," Ronny said.

"Sounds good same for me." The doctor ordered, "Except no bacon for me."

"Do you want me to hold your orders?" The waitress asked looking at the
parents.

"No, don't hold their food on our account," Ronny piped up.

"Put all the meals on my ticket," Mr. Driver advised the waitress.  Ronny
looked at Tom projecting his thoughts, `Do not to object.' Ronny was
thinking that the two in a short period of time were becoming more attuned
to each other's thought process. That is he and Tom could project their
thoughts to each other.

Mr. Driver and the doctor began conversing back and forth while waiting on
breakfast to arrive. In the meantime, Ronny's mother was sadly looking
across the table at her son. Ronny couldn't help thinking his mom knew
exactly what had happened a few hours prior and what was going on. Mom's
have that keen intuition when it comes to their children.

Just as Tom finished responding to Mr. Driver's last questions the food
arrived. Ronny couldn't be more thankful as the waitress began setting the
breakfast plates on the table in proper order and refilling the cups with
coffee. All began to eat without any further conversation.

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Wed, 29 Sep 2010 09:27:58 -0700 (PDT)
From: Richard Lickerish
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Part III Chapter 55

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about Ronny's new life after the
Corps, rehabilitation and Jason.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part III
Ronny's New Life

Chapter 55: Seduction and Satisfaction

Ronny Driver lay wiped out on rumpled white sheets covering the king size
bed in the hotel room. The room reeked of raw sex as the recently medically
retired Marine lay there reflecting on the past few hours.

For the two men the evening had started off innocently enough hours before,
then rapidly developed into the surprising situation they found themselves
in that Friday night in the hotel room. Laying there next to his sexual
partner the Marine was experiencing a sense of guilt, yet at the same time
a sense of blissful satisfaction.

The Korean-American lying next to the Marine was equally spent that Friday
evening after more than three hours of the most erotically enjoyable and
intense sex either man had engaged in for months. For Ronny, he hadn't
experienced sex with anyone other than a blowjob gone wrong since before he
deployed to Afghanistan. The men had made mad passionate love with each
other for hours to the point of total exhaustion.

Ronny realized as he lay there next to the exotic appearing young man lying
next to him that he was most proficient at the art of seduction; moreover,
the Marine was surprised at how easy it had been for him to accept the
temptation and then ease into a liaison with his bed partner. He couldn't
remember ever being lured into anything before. The man lying next to him
had finessed him to the hotel room a few hours prior and then into bed.

The young medically retired Maine had never known a lover with this man's
sexual prowess either. Although the Marine was in a state of pure bliss he
was experiencing pangs of guilt. Ronny was struggling remembering the
prayers and promises he made in those prayers asking for Jason's full
recovery, but as a libidinous young man what was he to do?

At his age the recently retired Marine was horny, needing sexual
stimulation and satisfaction and that was what the man next to him had
delivered. The strikingly handsome Asian man had definitely made Ronny
forget all the sadness in his life as the two explored all aspects of male
to male love making.

The men had squealed and screamed with delight over and over again as they
performed different sexual acts with each other throughout the previous
hours. Although Ronny wanted more he was just too damn tired to go another
round.

Ronny knew another sexual go round was going to have to wait for a proper
amount of recover time. Jason's neurosurgeon had befriended Ronny inviting
him to dinner where he could privately discuss the Marine's former
caregiver's condition and long-term outlook for recovery.

After weeks of interaction with Ronny, his mom and Jason's mom Doctor Tom
Thorn was sensing that there was something more than just friendship
between the two boys. The dinner with Ronny was an attempt to make him
fully aware and understand the seriousness of what had happened to Jason's
brain in the accident; therefore, there was not much hope for a full
recovery.

The doctor explained as best he could in layman's terms to a very sad and
at times tearful Ronny earlier in the day and again that Friday night that
Jason would probably never return to his former self.

Of course the doctor had discussed this matter at length with Jason's
mother at the hospital hours prior with Ronny and his mom present. At that
time Ronny ran away before the doctor finished explaining, refusing to
accept the fact that his friend was not going to return as the Jason he
knew. When Mrs. Hall had been told that her son would in all probability
remain in a persistent vegetative state for the rest of his life she was
reluctant to accept that diagnosis, but finally accepted the fact.

Additionally, at the meeting with Mrs. Hall unbeknownst to Ronny Dr. Thorn
had suggested two excellent out of state assisted living and recovery
research facilities for Traumatic Brain Injuries where Jason could be moved
to for excellent long-term care. Since that first hand movement there had
not been any subsequent movement. The Magnetic Resonance Imaging with and
without contrast agents showed more serious damage to certain portions of
the brain than what the neurosurgeon first thought after the spontaneous
movement in his hand.

Dr. Thorn had made arrangements for Jason to be moved to the facility where
he thought the young man might have the best chance for some type of
recovery and life. Although the doctor had been optimistic at first he
didn't hold out much hope for Jason to return with the cognitive and
physical abilities that he once possessed.

Sensing that there was a soulful connection between Ronny and Jason during
that meeting the doctor invited Ronny to dinner, in an effort fully explain
things and to try to help him cope with the loss of a friend he had once
known.

Plans were for Jason to be moved within two to three days, not leaving much
time for good-byes. When the evening first started the doctor didn't have
any designs on seducing Ronny that night. He felt that he needed to get to
know the Marine better before attempting to seduce him. That would be left
to a time after Jason had been moved.

The doctor thought the Marine might at some point in the future after
Jason's transfer to the out of state facility, might be more receptive to a
sexual liaison. The doctor's first inclination that Ronny might be tempted
into a late night affair that evening came when the doctor gently put his
hand on Ronny's arm as a sign of comfort and then taking Ronny's hand into
his while explaining the long-term prognosis for Jason.

When he noticed that Ronny didn't jerk or push his gesture away as most
American heterosexual males might, or in anyway rebuff his advance Doctor
Thorn was secretly excited. The doctor for some strange reason had been
drawn to Ronny weeks before.

Doctor Tom Thorn, a gay man, thought Ronny to be very physically pleasing
to the eye as well as possessing a caring and compassionate personality
when they first met. He immediately picked up on certain signs that the
Marine might possess homosexual tendencies as he watched him interact with
his friend. The gay neurosurgeon wanted to approach Ronny in a tactful
manner.

The doctor didn't want to blow his chance of seducing the grieving Marine
at some future date; therefore, he had to play his cards close to the vest
while dealing with Ronny. Doctor Thorn reached out to brush a tear from
Ronny's cheek, knowing he would have only one chance with the grief
stricken friend to gently bring him over.

Again, noticing that the Marine didn't push him away the doctor began
engaging in his stealthy strategy to win the Marine's heart. He knew that
he now had to become Tom Thorn the lover, a romantic and sexual partner
rather than Jason's physician. As the two were sitting in their secluded
booth at the dimly lit restaurant the doctor drinking dinner wine while
Ronny drank beer the doctor maintained his romantic quest.

As Ronny sat listening to the doctor's bleak forecast about his friend, Tom
would every once in a while interject discreetly, questioning the Marine
about his sexuality. At times tears would well up in both their eyes. Again
and again, Tom would reach out to wipe the tears away from Ronny's
face. Finally, Ronny broke down crying uncontrollably with his head buried
on the doctor's shoulder.

The doctor moved closer to Ronny in the secluded booth at the Italian
restaurant so he could further console his sobbing friend. With a candle
flickering on the table Tom eased his arm around the Marine's shoulder,
pulling him closer to comfort him. As the minutes wore on Ronny began
confessing his secret love for Jason.

Ronny sensed that he could talk openly about his feelings to the older
physician, and Tom appeared to be a most receptive listener. The doctor
began asking Ronny if he had ever had a male lover, had he ever loved
another man before and did he think he could love anyone in the future
after Jason.

The Marine began explaining to the doctor that he didn't think that he'd
ever been in love before. He felt he was just too young to fully understand
true love, but there had been two people in his life he thought he
loved. He told the doctor that there had only been one person in his life
with whom he'd engaged in any sexual activities, and that was Gary.

Ronny then went on explaining to Tom about the sexual antics he and Gary
participated in before he deployed. Then finally he revealed the oral
copulation episode that led to the estrangement between his brother, Gary
and him weeks before. Ronny further related that Gary and his younger
brother were now a gay couple living together. As Ronny continued unwinding
his tale of woe to his new friend their faces brushed closer
together. Their lips met briefly.

The doctor began lightly kissing Ronny on the face and then the
lips. Doctor Thorn told Ronny while tenderly kissing his hand and nibbling
on his fingers how much he was attracted him and how much he wanted him, if
just for one night.

After a few more minutes of light kissing in the secluded booth the doctor
suggested that they leave the restaurant and move to a better rendezvous
sight. Ronny agreed and they were off to a new location.

Thinking Ronny's agreement to a sexual affair might be due to alcohol the
two walked for some distance to clear their heads before stopping in at a
drug store where the doctor picked up a bottle of wine and other items. The
time walking gave the alcohol they'd consumed a chance to wear off, giving
Ronny time to change his mind.

Noting that Ronny hadn't changed his mind after they departed the drug
store, especially after the Marine seeing the items the doctor had
purchased, they continued walking towards a nice hotel where the doctor
rented a room for the weekend.

Once in the room the physician took the lead and began kissing Ronny
passionately. The Marine eased the shorter man up sitting him on the
dresser where he began kissing him back, their hungry wet mouths meeting in
meaningful kisses. One could tell they wanted each other as their mouths
opened accepting the other's tongue. They slipped their tongues into the
oral caves as if searching for the other's soul.

The men continued the deep embrace, nuzzling each other's cheeks and necks,
whispering their deepest desires into each other's ears. Ronny pulled Tom's
shirt over his head throwing it to the floor and Tom did the same with
Ronny's shirt. The younger man found the doctor's erect nipples on his
well-developed chest and began lightly biting, licking, kissing and
suckling the hard nubs. They began whispering words such as `I want you,'
`I have to have you,' and `make me complete tonight.' Both men were at a
high state of sexual arousal.

Slowly, the doctor slid off the dresser, so that they might inch towards
the big bed. Sensually stripping each other's clothing off one piece at a
time, leaving a trail along the way as they edged closer to the bed; when
they reached the foot of the bed both men were totally naked and at the
peak of sexual arousal. They were breathing rapidly; the room was quickly
filling with scents of sex, and wanton desire for the other. Fully
undressed they gazed upon each other's bodies, drinking in the beauty.

As Ronny stared at the physician's light caramel colored body he was
impressed with what he was observing: a tight smooth body with nice ass.
With subtle touches of foreplay they stroked each other's smooth bodies,
titillating erogenous zones along the way. An impetuous Ronny could wait no
longer. Taking the lead he pushed his newfound partner down onto the bed
falling on top of him. Immediately the two began frotting, panting, and
writhing on the bed deep into the throes of passion.

Within minutes of getting naked together on the bed the two were ready to
take things to next level as sweat and sensuality oozed from every pore in
their bodies. The two young men were drenched in oil and sweat as they
ground their hard hot bodies together. They were kissing soulfully, eating
each other's faces and other body parts.

The feelings the two had for each other were at the highest level ever.
Finally, they began making unencumbered lustful love to each other, and it
was an earth shattering mind blowing sexual affair lasting well over three
hours. It was as if electricity was flowing through their bodies driving
their sexual motors overloading the circuits with sparks crackling in the
atmosphere, and colorful fireworks exploding in their heads.  Throughout it
all Ronny was amazed by the doctor's ability to maintain an erection and
not reach orgasm.

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2010 08:55:07 -0700 (PDT)
From: Richard Lickerish
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 54

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part II
Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 54: Hope

Days had turned into weeks since Jason's accident on the Interstate. The
leaves were starting to turn color as the days were moving towards
fall. Jason was still in a non responsive coma. After a few days spent in
Neuro-ICU Jason had been transferred to the Neuro Floor where the nursing
staff had been trained to deal with neurological recovery patients. During
this period of time the doctors had suggested many options to Mrs. Hall
with regard to her son while all held out hope for a positive outcome.

Every few days the nursing staff would wheel Jason to and from the x-ray
department where more CT scans were performed. The pictures showed the
bleeding in the brain had stopped and the swelling was subsiding. A week
before the doctors had suggested that Jason be removed from the life
support systems to see if he could breathe on his own. Surprisingly, Jason
kept breathing. Everyone felt this was a good sign and there might be hope
after all; however, Jason remained attached to all the intravenous fluids
and machines monitoring vital signs.

Of a night Ronny would sit bedside praying for Jason to come out of the
coma. The prayers were promises that the Marine knew he couldn't keep, but
he prayed anyway. Ronny promised God that if he let Jason live there would
be no more immoral thoughts or acts on his part. He would attend church on
a regular basis and never take the lords name in vain. He would also give
up the pursuit of Jason as his lover, considering that was a sin in the
eyes of church and society. The Marine knew the last promise was going to
be impossible to keep because he loved Jason so much. The Marine would talk
to his friend for hours at a time telling him how much he loved him, hoping
beyond belief that his former caregiver would respond.

Even with all the promises there was no response from the former caregiver
who lay in a coma. The crisp fall mornings when Ronny left the hospital
were bringing changes. The Driver household was also experiencing
changes. Mrs. Driver was spending more time with her family, thereby giving
Janie a modicum of respite. Mr. Driver was moving forward with the
expansion plans for his business. All were beginning to look forward to the
next two months of joyous holiday season.

Normally, November and December were supposed to be the best times of the
year for joy and family togetherness. Ronny was carrying a full load
attending classes at the local college Tuesdays and Thursdays as well as
one night class on Wednesday evening. The other days Ronny was working
full-time for his father. The Marine was doing well with his studies while
holding nightly vigils in Jason's hospital room waiting for his friend to
awaken from the coma.

The accident that left Jason in a coma had brought Ronny and his father
closer; however there was still an estrangement as far as Ronny, Brandon
and Gary. Ronny still had strong feelings for Gary, but he was engaged to
his brother. The Marine was trying to mend fences with Brandon and Gary by
way long distance, using e-mails and phone calls.

Mrs. Driver was spending more time at home with her husband and family and
less time consoling Jason's mother. The family was looking forward to
Thanksgiving and Christmas when the family could once again reunite in
joyous harmony. Although Ronny was holding out hope that Jason would come
out of the coma and be able to celebrate holiday festivities with them
chances remained slim. Ronny thought what a great Christmas gift it would
be for Jason's mother and family as well as him if Jason awoke.

As Ronny sat next to Jason conversing with him he suddenly noticed movement
in Jason's right hand. Jason's fingers tightened around Ronny's hand. The
Marine quickly grabbed the call button with his free hand pressing the
button frantically to summons help. The nurse appeared asking what was
needed. "Jason has been moving his hand and closing his fingers," Ronny
said excitedly.

"What kind of movement?" The nurse asked.

"You know, little twitches in his fingers and hand and then he squeezed my
hand," Ronny responded gleefully, "and he squeezed again when I spoke to
him. See he did it again."

The nurse watched as Jason's fingers once again tightened around Ronny's
hand. She immediately disappeared down the hall without a word and
reappeared a couple minutes later with the on call doctor. And then in a
matter of minutes another doctor showed up, and then another. Pretty soon
the room was filled with doctors and nurses. They were all gathering around
the bed doing different things, performing different tests on Jason trying
to get some sign their patient might be awakening. While all this was going
on Ronny slipped away to call Jason's mom and then his mom on his cell
phone to tell them about what was happening at the hospital.

Ronny, told Mrs. Hall not to come immediately but to stand by and he would
keep her updated on any new developments. As soon as the Marine hung up his
mom was calling Jason's mom to let her know she was on the way to pick her
up.

The next few hours at the hospital were a blur for Ronny. Doctors and
nurses were coming and going; however, there was no more movement in
Jason's hand. After a while the doctors disappeared except for one young
neuro surgeon: a teaching fellow. He asked Jason's mom who had arrived with
Ronny's mom if he could try some new cutting edge technology. Mrs. Hall
told the doctor to try anything that might help her son. The doctor wrote
an order for an MRI procedure. Within minutes Jason was being wheeled to
the x-ray department.

As Jason was being wheeled away the doctor officially introduced himself
saying, "I'm Doctor Tom Thorn. Why don't you all go down to the cafeteria
and get something to eat," the young Asian doctor said to the two elderly
ladies, "the procedure will take a while. If I hear anything I'll call you
or send for you all."

"Thank you doctor," The two women said in unison.

"Oh, young man I hope you will be here for a while," The doctor said.

"I'll call in to work and tell them I'll be running late."

"Good, as soon as the test is done I want to try something with your help,"
The doctor said looking at Ronny.

"Sure, what ever I can do."

Ronny gave the young doctor his cell phone number and told him that he was
going for a walk and would join his mother and Mrs. Hall in the cafeteria
later. The two went their separate ways.

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Wed, 15 Sep 2010 16:27:39 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 53

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part II
Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 53: Domestic and Business Needs

Over the next few days the crowd that had gathered at the hospital began to
slowly dwindle away as many family members and friends had obligations
elsewhere. Many had assembled with bibles and would conduct prayer vigils,
hoping that their prayers would be heard and Jason would awaken from his
coma.

The family members and friends hadn't given up hope. The supporters had
done all they could do, now Jason's recovery was in the hands of the gifted
doctors and God. Jason's loved ones would await news about his condition by
way of electronic means at their homes. Janie had started a blog for those
distant relatives to keep them updated on Jason's condition, and there was
money starting to pour in to help offset medical expenses. The two most
dutiful that remained at the hospital were Mrs. Driver and Ronny to support
a very distraught Helen Hall as well as be there in the event there was a
positive turn.

The Marine could not give up on his loyal caregiver. He just could not
entertain the thought of deserting Jason who was lying on the Intensive
Care floor of the hospital in a coma or his mother. Jason had not abandon
Ronny during his time of need and the Marine was not going to forget his
former caregiver.

As father, son and daughter sat in silence at the breakfast table eating
oatmeal Ronny's dad was angry and frustrated. He looked across at his son
and daughter with a look of bewilderment. So many things had changed over
the months since his son arrived back home after being injured in
Afghanistan and dad was having a difficult time internalizing all the
stressful issues facing him as head of household.

The family patriarch had dealt with cancer and it was now in
remission. Ronny's injuries for the most part had healed. Now, the accident
that had left Jason in a vegetated state was causing pain for all
involved. There was palpable tension throughout the Driver household. Not
to mention the he and his wife hadn't had much of a sex life since his
surgery.

Since Ronny's return and now with Jason in the hospital Mrs. Driver had not
been there as usual being a wife and mother for the past weeks and
months. Janie the dutiful daughter had stepped into her mother's shoes,
doing domestic chores. Truly, Ronny's sister had being the neglected one in
the past weeks and months, and was quickly growing up beyond her years.

The thirteen year old had sought solace in the arms of her fifteen year old
boy friend. David had become a silent fixture around the house since the
days after Ronny returned home.

After Ronny got on his feet he could see the difference in his sister's
body since he'd been back from Afghanistan. She was no longer that innocent
little girl he remembered from the days before he deployed. She'd turned
into a beautiful young woman while he was away. Ronny could see why David
was smitten with his sister and the two teens were dating.


The Marine was sure the two teens being left alone for hours at a time were
doing more than `playing house' in the living room or kitchen. When Ronny
first came home his mother was constantly hovering over Ronny caring for
him with the help of Jason, forgetting many times about her daughter's
needs. Ronny was sure his mother hadn't even noticed how her daughter had
blossomed into a beautiful young woman.

With Jason in the hospital and Mrs. Driver was spending one hundred percent
of her time supporting Helen who was grieving over her son. She once again
was neglecting her daughter as well as husband's needs. Both women knew
instinctively that Ronny was aching emotionally and physically and Janie
was feeling completely left out. Ronny knew he should be spending more time
with his sister.

Suddenly Mr. Driver broke the silence asking, "How much longer are you
going to continue moping around the hospital, son?"

"I don't know, dad," a gaunt appearing Ronny answered, "I just feel I need
to be there for Jason."

"What you need to do is get out and start doing something; instead, of
spending all your waking hours at the hospital. It's not going to help
Jason."

"I know, dad, but I just feel I need to be there."

"Look, why don't you both come to the shop with me today? Your mom is with
Jason's mom again today."

"Do you really need me?"

"Yes, today I do," Mr. Driver said unequivocally.

Although Mr. Driver was aware that Ronny was sad about his friend he knew
that his son could not keep sitting around the hospital waiting on word
about Jason's condition; besides, there was business that needed attention.

"There are business matters that need to be taken care of today, and after
that the three of us will go to the mall for lunch and I'll buy you both a
new pair of Vans to start school. Maybe some other things you might need
too."

Ronny and his sister both lit up when their dad mentioned buying new shoes,
but then Ronny asked, "Why don't we just meet you for lunch and then we'll
get the new sneakers?" Clearly the Marine didn't want to go and sit through
a dull ass business meeting with his dad.

"No! I need you at a meeting today, son," Mr. Driver exclaimed in his no
nonsense tone, "You know, since I was diagnosed with cancer I've been
giving serious consideration to the family business future and what might
happen to it should something happened to me. So, I've asked my attorney
and accountant to stop by the shop this morning around nine for a sit down
conference with key employees. I want you there to be aware of certain
things concerning the business."

Ronny looked across the table at his dad. Ronny's dad gave his son that
look of `don't give me any shit young man,' you're going.

"Janie looked at her dad and asks, "What about me?"

"You come too," Mr. Driver said before looking back at Ronny, "Son, you and
the rest of the family stand to inherit the shop if something should happen
to me. Brandon and Gary are off going to school. I don't know what Gary's
intentions are after he graduates, but Brandon has assured me that he
doesn't want to work in the business after college. Hell, I don't even know
whether the two of them will ever return after they graduate."

Ronny and his sister sat there listening to their dad. Ronny knew what his
dad was saying was true and he also knew what Brandon and Gary wanted. In
Ronny's mind he figured all the two were interested in was going to college
class and fucking each other senseless for the rest of their lives. They
were so far away that they were sure no one would ever discover that they
were living a gay lifestyle together.

Mr. Driver continued his diatribe, "If you don't want the responsibility of
becoming a businessman and running a business then let me know and I'll
consider putting the shop up for sale or maybe your sister wants to run the
place. You know, I'm not getting any younger and I'd like to start enjoying
life with your mom and the family I've worked all my life for you all."

"Okay dad, I understand. I'll finish getting dressed and we'll take off for
the shop. Do you want me to dress up or wear something casual?"

"Both of you wear something causal but nice looking."

"Can David go?" Janie asked.

"No, I think this will be family only day this time, baby."

Ronny excused himself, rinsed his bowl in the sink and headed off to his
room to get dressed followed closely by his sister. As he dressed he
thought about what his dad had said. Did his dad know something about his
health that he wasn't sharing with the family? As far as Ronny knew the
cancer was in remission, but had the doctors found something else? The
thoughts about his dad's health had taken his mind off Jason.

The three arrived at the auto repair facility and towing shop. Ronny was
wearing a pair of dress slacks with a conservative front button
shirt. Janie was wearing a skirt and blouse. Once inside Ronny put his
sunglasses on top of his head as they were greeted by the select group of
employees that were to attend the conference. All were dressed
appropriately for a business meeting. Mr. Driver's assistant approached her
boss handing him his morning coffee saying, "Sir, the others will be here
shortly. I have everything setup in the conference room."

"Thank you dear," Mr. Driver acknowledged accepting the cup of coffee from
his assistant.

"Can I get you all any thing to drink?" The young woman asked of the two
Driver siblings.

With a `no' from the two sibs the group walked up the stairs to the second
floor conference room and took seats around the big oval shaped
table. Mr. Driver was at the head of the table sitting in the big
overstuffed swivel chair while Ronny took a seat to his dad's right and
next to him was Janie. Normally, Mr. Driver's young assistant sat where
Ronny was sitting, but she had taken a position behind and between the two
Driver men. The two chairs along the left were occupied by the office
manager and shop supervisor. Of course the most imposing figure in the room
was Sheldon who headed up the towing department for Mr. Driver. Two seats
at the opposite end of the table were still vacant awaiting the Attorney
and Accountant.

Mr. Driver spoke. "I've called you all together for this meeting today to
look at the future of the company. I think all-in-all we done pretty well
the past couple decades. Now it's time to make certain decisions about the
direction and future of the company."

There was a round of applause before Mr. Driver continued. "I've ask my
oldest son and daughter to attend this meeting because in the event that
something should happen to me Ron will take over the day to day operation
of the business and Janie may come to work here in the future. At least
that is my plan at this point."

All eyes were on the youngest members of the assembled group. Ronny felt as
though he had been stopped by the local law enforcement. There was that
burning sensation from the red lights and unknowing feeling crawling around
inside his belly while his sister chewing her gum seemed unconcerned.

"Once my Attorney and Accountant get here they'll go over the financial
standing of the business and then talk about incorporating. Again, if
something should happen to me and Ron decides after today's meeting to
accept the responsibility of management I hope all of you will stand behind
and support him."

Mr. Driver went on explaining that his son was still recuperating from his
injuries and faced a couple more surgeries before he would be back capable
of working full-time. The proud father also explained that his son was
starting school at the local college where he would be studying business,
and his daughter was starting high school. Suddenly, the intercom broke
into the conversation announcing the arrival of the Attorney, Accountant
and Dr. Ling.

"You all have seen these two around the shop before," Mr. Driver said
pointing to the people entering the room. "My accountant Mrs. Golden Silver
and my attorney, Mr. Silkensoft. However, I don't think any of you know
Dr. Ling my personal physician. First off I want to let Dr. Ling give you
all assurance that I'm going to be around for a long time to come."

"Good morning Mr. Driver, family and all employees assembled. You all know
that Mr. Driver had a bout with cancer months back. There was surgery
required to remove the cancer and following the surgery aggressive
chemotherapy. I gave your boss a thorough physical a month ago along with
his oncologist for many reasons: one of them to increase his personal
insurance. I'm here to tell you all that the old man is fit and should be
around for many years to come. Ron, Janie and the rest, I hope that sets to
rest any negative feelings about your old man's health. Okay, I've got to
run, but Mr. Driver asked me to stop by to assure you all that he's in good
health."

Dr. Ling waved good-bye to the group before exiting the conference
room. Ronny and Janie as well as the others beamed at the good news about
the father and boss.

"I've invited my Attorney and Account here today to help lay out the future
of the company. Now, I'm going to turn the meeting over to the legal and
money experts behind the company," Mr. Driver said as he brought forward
the Attorney and Accountant to begin explaining with the help of power
point assistance different graphs and charts explaining where the company
had come from and through to the future.

The two complimented not only Mr. Driver but the others in attendance for
growing the company in such a positive and profitable direction over the
years, especially during the recent rough economic times. There was much
talk about new growth in a couple new areas and possible purchase of new
equipment. There was a very positive financial report as well as customer
care and satisfaction report. The managers as well as others were given
credit for those accomplishments.

Finally, the attorney broached the subject of incorporation and profit
sharing with employees. After all that was taken care of Mr. Driver said,
"If there is nothing further let's adjourn this meeting and we'll all meet
back here in two days to finalize everything. One more thing, if my son
doesn't want to take on the responsibility of the running the business I
will offer it for sale at some point down the road. Of course, any one or
all of you may want to consider the option to purchase."

Over the next few days the incorporation was made final and filed with the
court. Ronny told his dad that he'd decided to follow his dad in the family
business. He began taking classes at the college and began putting in a few
hours at the shop. He also had medical appointments at the VA that he had
to keep. Of a night after all was done he would take his books over to the
hospital and do his homework sitting with Jason in his room.

Jason was still in a coma and on life support systems. At times it was hard
for Ronny to concentrate with all the machines going in the room. After
Ronny finished his work he would sit and hold Jason's hand, talking to him
letting his former caregiver know he was there for him. Ronny knew that he
loved Jason; however, he had never got to tell him that.

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Thu, 2 Sep 2010 08:36:48 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 52

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part II
Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 52: Waiting

As the morning wore on the hospital waiting area continued to fill with
family and friends awaiting news about Jason's condition. The Marine's
caregiver had been transported to the Allenville Level I Trauma Center by
way of life flight helicopter early in the day after being thrown off his
motorcycle during a multi vehicle pileup on the Interstate.

When Jason arrived at the hospital he was alive, but in critical
condition. Close family members had been told to expect the worst, but to
pray for the best -- Jason had suffered a Traumatic Brain Injury.

The TBI Jason suffered was caused by the way he'd been thrown off his
motorcycle and his body landed head first on the pavement. Even though
Jason had been wearing a full face high impact helmet his brain slammed
against the inside of the cranium when his head hit the road. The type of
helmet Jason was wearing is considered one of the best; however, no helmet
will protect a rider 100 percent, especially against the way Jason
landed. The family had been told that Jason was lucky to be alive. Three
things had strengthened his chance for survival; he had been wearing the
helmet, transported expeditiously and arrived within the golden hour
window. All family and friends could do was to wait, hope and pray.

Ronny spotted a stony face police officer talking with the social service
worker they'd met earlier. The lady pointed towards where Jason's family
had huddled awaiting further news.

The officer with a stoic expression began walking towards the group. After
a while cops develop a sixth sense, knowing how to identify the grieving
parents in a group of loved ones. The intuitive officer stopped in front of
the group looking directly at the ghostly appearing women he asked, "Are
you Mrs. Cox, Jason Cox's mother?"

The expressionless woman responded from where she was seated next to a
comforting Mrs. Driver, "I'm Mrs. Hall Jason's mother."

"I'm Officer Donald Smack one of the officers assigned to investigate the
motor vehicle accident out on the Interstate this morning."

"Just for clarification Jason carries my first husband's last name, Cox. He
passed away when Jason was a baby. I remarried taking my second husband's
name. Do you know what happened to my boy this morning?"

"From preliminary investigation it appears that a large truck lost control
sending other vehicles spinning out of control. According to witness
statements the motorcycle rider was riding safely within the speed limit,
but he just didn't have time to react to the rapidly developing
situation. His motorcycle hit one of the vehicles that spun directly in
front of him; he hit the vehicle with his motorcycle, was launched from the
bike, hurled a distance and landed head first on the pavement."

Suddenly, a somber looking doctor wearing scrubs emerged from the double
swinging doors interrupting the police officer asking for Jason's
mother. Once again Mrs. Driver started to help Jason's mom to her feet, but
the doctor signaled for her to remain seated. Everyone including the police
officer moved in as close as possible without being too intrusive,
encircling the bespectacled doctor as he began explaining to Jason's mom
the prognosis.

The doctor began explaining Jason's condition, "Mrs. Hall, currently, your
son has just come from surgery. He suffered a Traumatic Brain injury; there
is intracranial bleeding and swelling of the brain. We drilled some holes
in the skull to relieve the pressure and now he is on his way for a CT
scan. Once the scan is complete and reviewed I'll be more able to evaluate
your son's TBI as well as other injuries and report back to you with a
better projection for his future."

The blunt to the point doctor turned departing back through the doors from
which he had emerged as quickly as he had appeared. The police officer
stepped up saying to Jason's mom, "Mrs. Hall, it's my understanding that
your son is something of a hero. If there is anything police of fire
department can do to assist you during your time of need don't hesitate to
call. You have to know his brave selfless actions a few hours before the
accident prevented a robbery in progress and possible death of the clerk at
Lee's Doughnut and Coffee Shop out off the Interstate."

No one had noticed the media that began gathering closer around the outer
circle. Some of the more astute reporters were now putting together the
connection between the crash victim and the brave young man from hours
earlier in the day. As soon as the police officer finished his statement to
Jason's mom he walked away. The media was on him for more information as
soon as the police officer distanced himself from the group of family and
friends to answer questions. After a few minutes Ronny joined the officer.

"Who are you and how are you related to the injured hero?" One of the
television news personalities asked, pushing a microphone into his face.

"My name is Ronny Driver. At this time I'll give a brief statement how I
play into Jason's life. Briefly, Jason Cox was my caregiver while I was
recuperating from injuries received while deployed to Afghanistan. After I
returned to the states to recuperate we became best of friends while Jason
was assisting me. Jason had moved on to a new soldier in need of his
expertise and help in recovering from his injuries. Jason had very recently
been accepted to medical school and was looking forward to that. He is my
friend and a great person. I hope you all will respect the family's privacy
until such time as we have more information on his medical condition, and
you all will keep him in your prayers."

Another personality shoved a microphone in Ronny's face asking, "What do
you know about the injured rider being a hero, stopping a robbery in
progress earlier today?"

"I must apologize I am truly in the dark about the earlier incident. His
mother doesn't know anything either except what she just heard from the
police a couple minutes ago. We were all asleep when all that took
place. Maybe you should talk to the police about what happened at the
doughnut shop earlier today," Ronny said ending the interviews and then
walking back towards the cordoned off area containing family and close
friends keeping vigil.

Although Ronny was hurting badly inside he kept a placid façade. He wanted
to do something comfort Jason, but for the time being he, like the others
had to wait. He wanted to go somewhere to cry, but that would all come
later. The bewildered Marine needed to know more about what happened at the
doughnut shop. His stomach was churning. Ronny looked up to see the social
service worker and another lady with a clipboard walking towards the family
gathering.

Ronny watched the social service lady and Mrs. Driver help Mrs. Hall up,
leading her away to an office. Through the glass window Ronny could see the
new person speaking to Mrs. Hall and then suddenly she collapsed into a
chair. Ronny's mom and the social worker began comforting her. After a few
minutes he saw Jason's mom begin to sign paperwork on the clipboard the
other lady was holding. Ronny was curious about what the papers were for,
but he knew he'd have to wait for an explanation. Finally, Mrs. Driver
helped Jason's mom up and began walking her out of the small office.

As the two ladies left the office Ronny could see tears in Mrs. Hall's
eyes. Once back with the group Mrs. Driver helped get Jason's mom
seated. He watched her ask a question of Mrs. Hall and then Mrs. Driver
began walking towards her son.

"What's up Mom?"

"That was the organ donor coordinator," Mrs. Driver said, "Jason was listed
on his driver's license as an organ donor, but because he is not yet
twenty-one his mother had to sign some papers to harvest the organs."

Ronny looked at his mother with a pained look on his face and tears
beginning to well in his eyes asking, "Jason's gone?"

"No honey, but he's in critical condition and in the event the doctors
should declare Jason brain dead at some point the hospital needed the forms
signed so they could immediately harvest the organs," Mrs. Driver explained
to her son as she hugged him close to her and held him.

Mrs. Driver knew all too well what Jason's mom was going through. She'd
been through the waiting and unsure feeling months earlier worrying about
her son.

"Oh mom, I don't know what I'm going to do if Jason dies."

"Come on son walk with me I need to get Helen some hot tea from the
cafeteria."

Ronny with tears in his eyes walked with his mom, her arm around him
comforting him, as they walked towards the cafeteria. Once they reached the
hospital eatery Ronny grabbed a large coffee while his mom put some hot
water in a medium throw away cup and then placed two teabags and two sugar
cubes in the water before drawing herself a medium cup of coffee. The two
then began walking over to a table where Mrs. Driver was swirling the
teabags in the hot water.

Suddenly, one of the television personality's with her cameraman showed up
asking, "Do you have a few minutes?" Directing the question to Mrs. Driver.

"Go ahead mom I'll take this back to Jason's mom and then rejoin you."

Ronny walked off with the hot tea in his hand. After delivering it to
Jason's mom he returned to the cafeteria. His mom was chatting up the media
person about what had happened during the early morning hours at Lee's
doughnut shop.

As a stony-faced Ronny walked up the media person said, "Hello, I'm Joyce
Janis with Fox News. You must be Ronny Driver. Would you mind answering a
few questions about your friend and former caregiver?"

"I guess not."

I understand that you were recently discharged from the Marine Corps?" The
reporter asked.

"Yes, actually medically discharged."

"So, you were injured pretty badly?"

"Yeah, but not as bad as Jason," Ronny said. "All I had was some broken
bones. Those all mended with time."

"What do you think you're going to do now that you've had that military
obligation lifted off your shoulders, Mr. Driver?"

"Mister? That's my dad I'm just Ron or Ronny as my close friends and family
call me. My future -- I'm not sure at this point. Maybe attend some classes
at the local college using my GI bill and help my dad out in the family
business."

Joyce continued questioning Ronny and every once in while would turn back
to question Mrs. Driver. Finally, the reporter said, "I need to get back
and file this story for the evening news. We are going to combine the two
stories to lead the five o'clock news on Fox tonight. We did an on scene
shoot and report from the accident scene this morning just as the
helicopter was lifting off with young Mr. Cox. Another reporter made it to
the doughnut shop early this morning for a report, so we'll both be working
on a bigger story for tonight. I'm sure we are going to want to do a
follow-up, maybe more than one on this story would you all be available for
more interviews and maybe help me get an interview with Mr. Cox's mother
and other family?"

"Sure," Ronny responded.

With that the reporter got up from the table. She and her cameraman
vanished. Ronny just sat there with a blank look holding his head in his
hands for a few minutes letting things settle in. He had been in Jason's
shoes months prior. He knew the feeling from loosing blood, slipping in and
out of consciousness, going into shock and that cold medevac flight.

Ronny's thinking was jarred back to reality "Hello," Ronny's dad said to
his wife and son.

"Hey dad," Ronny replied weakly.

"Hi hon," Mrs. Driver said looking up smiling at her husband.

Ronny's dad sat down and asked, "You gonna let that coffee get cold, son?"

"No," Ronny said pushing the cup of coffee in front of his dad, "I haven't
touched it."

"How's Jason doing?"

"Last word was he's still hanging in there," Ronny said.

"The organ donor coordinator, Mrs. Walkaway, had Helen sign all the
paperwork in the event Jason doesn't make it," Mrs. Driver said to her
husband.

"Mom, don't say that. Jason is tough. He's going to make it. I know he's
going to make it," Ronny replied.

The three finished in the cafeteria and moved back to the waiting area.
When they got there the doctor was starting to explain more details to
Jason's mom. He concluded his conversation with, "I believe you all need to
go get something to eat and some rest. If anything changes I'll notify you
Mrs. Hall, but please get some nourishment and rest before I have to admit
you."

Once again the stoic doctor disappeared. A couple people offered to take
Jason's mom home, but she looked at Ronny's family for assurance.
Mrs. Driver stepped in and took Helen's arm guiding her towards her husband
and Ronny saying, "Let's get out of here and go get you something to eat,
Helen before you go down."

Jason's mom hated to leave, but she knew that the doctor had given her sage
advice. There was nothing Jason's mom could do at that point except sit in
the waiting room and cry. She wasn't even allowed to see her son yet or be
next to him in a room. Mrs. Hall hadn't had anything to eat since dinner
the previous day and was weak.

The sentinels maintained the vigil at the hospital, praying for Jason. In
the meantime, the Drivers with Mrs. Hall in tow headed to a restaurant
close to the hospital where they would eat and be close enough to return if
any word came in on Jason's condition.

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Fri, 20 Aug 2010 14:00:37 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 51

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave

By Randall Rumper

Part II
Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 51: Comforting and Supporting

A weary Mrs. Driver had returned home after a busy morning comforting and
supporting Jason during the aftermath of his ordeal at the coffee shop off
the Interstate. She truly needed sleep, instead she was in the kitchen
preparing a big hero's breakfast in anticipation of Jason's arrival. She'd
tried a couple times to call Jason by way of his cell phone, but got no
response. After a couple calls she was becoming curious about what was
taking him so long.

She thought to herself Jason should have been just a few minutes behind
her; however, she dismissed her worry thinking to herself maybe Jason
stopped for gas and got tied up in a conversation, maybe he had been
followed by news media or he got tied up in morning commute traffic. She
tried a couple more times to call him on his cell in between fixing
breakfast. Again, no responses, it would roll over to his voicemail. Mother
Driver decided to wake Ronny up.

When she returned to the kitchen Ronny's father was there filling his
brushed stainless steel liter travel mug full to the brim with coffee.

He gave his wife a peck on the cheek saying, "I got a tow this morning out
on the Interstate. Multi vehicle pileup."

"Well, have a bite to eat before you get going."

"No thanks coffee is all I need," Mr. Driver said downing a gulp of his
coffee, "Oh my, what's this?" Mr. Driver asked opening the box smelling of
pastries. He fetched one of the fresh glazed doughnuts from the box,
polishing it off in three bites. He licked his fingers and then washed the
last bite down with a slug of coffee.

"I know where these doughnuts came from. The Korean guy's doughnut shop out
off the Interstate," Mr. Driver said, "Did you go all the way out there
just for these this morning, hon?"

"Not really, they were free after I met Jason out there."

"What happened that you had to meet Jason?"

"I'll explain everything when you get back. Now get going."

"Okay, I'm out of here," Mr. Driver said as he walked out the backdoor with
his electric insulated coffee mug in one hand and box of doughnuts in the
other.

After her husband departed Mrs. Driver was becoming more concerned about
where Jason might be. Maybe he got caught up in the traffic jam from the
big accident on the freeway and stopped to help out. That would be like
Jason to stop, rendering aid and assistance she thought.

Mother Driver put the batter in the Belgian waffle maker, scooped up a
large helping of scrambled eggs with cheese, mushrooms and onions and then
put a big piece of ham on the plate before yelling, "Get moving in there
everything is ready except the waffle."

After yelling at her son she finished preparing the plate. Ronny appeared
in the kitchen exclaiming, "Oh boy! Everything smells great, mom."

The Marine seated himself at the table where he downed a tall glass of OJ
along with his daily dose of morning pills.

His mom sat the plate of food on the table saying, "Waffle will be up in a
minute, honey, and Jason should be here shortly for breakfast."

"Great," Ronny replied with a big smile, "I owe him so much, mom."

Ronny's eyes seemed to sparkle after his mom made the announcement that
Jason would be joining them for breakfast. The Marine went on telling his
mother how he thought Jason was going to make an excellent doctor once he
completed med school. Mrs. Driver noticed that Ronny seemed to get
energized any time he was around Jason or talked about him. Almost like the
old Ronny when Gary was around before her son deployed to Afghanistan.

After the conversation with Jason a few hours before Mother Driver was now
pondering about her oldest son. She wondered about Ronny's sexuality. Had
something transpired between the two boys during those days when they were
alone together?

Suddenly, Mrs. Driver's cell phone went off.

"Hello."

The voice on the other end was Mr. Driver, "Honey, don't wait for Jason
he's not going to be there. They just life-flighted him out to the level
one trauma center at Allenville. He was involved in this crash out here on
the Interstate. He's in pretty bad shape. I'll let you know if I hear
anything more on his condition," and with that Mr. Driver hung up.

Mrs. Driver slumped into the chair across the table from her son and began
weeping.

"Mom! Mom what's wrong?" Ronny questioned looking at his mom sitting across
from him pale with a pained look to her face, "Mom, is it dad?" Ronny said
as he moved around to comfort her, "Is dad okay?"

"No son, it's Jason."

"What's up?" Ronny questioned.

"He's been in a terrible accident this morning on his motorcycle out on the
Interstate. They airlifted him to the trauma center in Allenville."

"Wow!" was all Ronny could say as he hugged his mother.

"You going to be okay, honey?"

"The question is, are you going to be okay, mom."

"Honey, I've got to get over to Jason's mom's house she'll need some
comfort and support when she hears about this."

"Let me get dressed and drive you over."

With that said the two went about their business in silence, preparing to
go to Jason mom's house. After Mrs. Driver brushed her hair she grabbed her
purse and headed out the door. Ronny dressed and followed her shortly
making sure everything was turned off before locking the back door.

Ronny was in a state of shock and hoped the bombshell that had been dropped
wouldn't impair his driving, but he felt better him driving than his
mother. She was an emotional wreck. Plus, she was sleep deprived from being
up all night, something Ronny still didn't know much about.

The car phone in the big Lincoln went off. Ronny responded, "Hello,"
speaking into the hands free speaker.

"This is dad."

"Yeah dad how bad, how bad is Jason hurt?" Ronny asked his eyes beginning
to tear up.

"Bad, buddy. It was a bad one. Five vehicles involved, including Jason on
his bike. He was thrown off his bike; however, he was alive when the
helicopter took off. Have you gotten to Jason's house yet?"

There was a pause before an emotional Ronny spoke again, "We're just about
there."

Once he parked the car in front of Jason's mom's house he helped his mother
from the back seat of the vehicle and they walked towards the door. Ronny
rang the doorbell and Jason's mom answered. Jason's mom was crying; she'd
been notified. The two women embraced, hugging and holding each other like
distraught women do. Ronny suggested that he drive them to the hospital and
they needed to get going.

Once outside, Ronny opened the back doors assisting both women into the
back seat of the Lincoln Town Car. Once all were seated and buckled up
Ronny began driving towards the trauma center at Allenville. They all rode
in silence the women holding each other for comfort; there was no talking
nor was the radio playing inside of the spacious Town Car. The silence was
eerie.

After the long drive Ronny pulled the big Lincoln up to the main entrance
at the hospital. He quickly noticed camera crews from a couple of the local
area television stations milling about. Not wanting to give the camera
crews a chance to rush his mother or Jason's mother he began looking for a
closer entrance to let the women out.

Ronny decided to take the women around to the emergency entrance. Once he
got around there he noticed that there was a disabled parking spot, so he
quickly pulled in parking the car and putting his disabled placard on the
dash. Once the car was parked he assisted the two women out and escorted
them into the ER. He was lucky to have spotted the disabled spot.

Once inside Ronny approached the desk asking about where to find Jason,
explaining that he had been life flighted to the hospital earlier in the
day. The lady at the desk made a phone call and within a couple minutes a
lady approached the desks saying that she was the hospital social services
person.

Ronny led the woman over to where the two women were seated. She asked them
to follow her. Once in her office the social service worker delivered that
bad news about Jason.

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sat, 14 Aug 2010 14:17:33 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 50

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part II

Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 50: Nightmare at the Doughnut Shop

Jason rode through the night towards home. He couldn't get events of the
past weeks and months out of his head, especially the ugly blow up that had
brought his duties taking care of the injured Marine to an end.

His tormented soul recalled the message left by a desperate mother looking
for someone to help her with a gravely injured son and the immediate
bonding that had taken place between the two on that first meeting and how
they had immediately connected. There were haunting memories of the row
that ended it all. Jason eased the throttle back on the bike, slowing for
the Interstate off ramp.

The off ramp was a major junction that intersected the Interstate and the
major highway that took Jason home. Before going home Jason needed to stop
at the all night doughnut and coffee shop just off the Interstate
interchange to get some coffee and contemplate what was happening and where
he was going with his life. Jason pulled into the parking area, switched
the bike off and dismounted. He removed his helmet and hung it on the
handlebar and unzipped the leather jacket before walking towards the
entrance to the coffee shop.

Approaching the entrance Jason noticed a car with its driver's door
standing open. The older car was idling without a driver. Something didn't
seem quite right to Jason. Suddenly, he could hear and see a black man
waving a handgun shouting at the young black woman behind the cash
register.

The robber was yelling that he was going to kill the cashier if she didn't
hand over the money in the cash register. There was a look of frozen horror
on her face as the man continued his physical and verbal terrorizing attack
on the woman. Jason knew the woman was facing a life and death dilemma. The
young caregiver could make a decision to slink away to safety, whereby he
would simply back off, get on his bike, ride away and then call the
police. Or he could take the highroad by making an honourable move to
disarm the young man with the gun and save the girl from an almost certain
death.

Jason knew what his hero, the Marine might do. Ronny would probably storm
the place, take the gun away from the cowardly criminal and then stick the
barrel up his ass flushing the bad right out of his ass. Jason wasn't a
fighter.

The caregiver hadn't been trained the way Ronny had been trained in the
Marine Corps to disarm, subdue and kill enemy combatants. Jason knew that
he was bigger and probably stronger than the guy waving the gun around, but
the gun is the great equalizer. Whatever was to be done needed to be done
before someone was injured or worse, killed. Jason had been a high school
wrestler and a damn good one. He'd also done some martial arts training
during that time, but he had never been trained to disarm a man with a gun.

Jason could see that the weapon in the bad guy's hand was a silver
revolver. Suddenly, he remembered a couple things he'd seen on one of the
television cop shows. The older cop on the television show had instructed
the rookie that if he was ever confronted by a perpetrator with a
six-shooter to try to place a thumb or finger between the hammer and
cylinder to keep the weapon from firing and then push or pull the piece
into the air depending upon how he was facing the attacker.

In a spilt second Jason bolted through the door like a flash of lightening
without warning. His left arm encircled the neck of the robber. At the same
time his right arm reached over the man's right shoulder. He tightened his
hold on the man's neck at the same time grabbing the revolver and the man's
hand, wedging his thumb between the hammer and frame of the weapon. With a
firm grip on the bad guy's hand and weapon he then jerked upwards while
pulling the robber backwards to the floor. Once on the floor Jason wrapped
his powerful wrestling legs around the guy, locking them together to keep
robber subdued. This all took the sum of maybe between two and five
seconds. Jason couldn't believe he had the bad guy on the floor.

"Call 9-11! Call 9-11!" Jason began shouting, "9-11, 9-11."

Jason really didn't have to shout out those instructions. The clerk wasted
no time dropping to the floor behind the counter where she made the
emergency call. As Jason lay on the floor holding the man tightly,
squeezing the life out of him, he finally felt the individual's body go
limp. He didn't release his grip on the gun hand or the way he had the
man's neck and body locked up. Within a matter of minutes Jason could hear
sirens wailing, getting closer and closer.

Suddenly, there were police all over the place pointing guns at the two men
on the floor. The police officers were subduing Jason and handcuffing him.

"I'm the good guy!" Jason yelled, "You don't understand I'm the good guy."

The police paid no attention to Jason's plea of innocence. Once the weapon
was safely wrested from his and the robber's hand Jason was handcuffed and
jerked to his feet by the cops pushing him face first across the counter
where they began searching him for weapons and identification. The robber
was still lying on the floor unconscious. Out of the corner of his eye
Jason could see the cashier being led outside, all the time trying to tell
the cops that the big white man was the good guy.

Finally, the cops received verification back from dispatch on Jason and the
bandit. The robber was wanted on outstanding warrants and was considered
armed and dangerous; whereas, Jason was clean. With Jason still wearing
handcuffs the police began trying to sort out what had happened.

The police were interviewing the cashier outside. One of the cops finally
removed Jason's handcuffs and began questioning him. Another officer had
taken the groggy bandit outside, placing him in the back of a police
vehicle awaiting first aid and questioning.

More police and emergency vehicles continued arriving filling the parking
area, including police in plain clothes -- the detectives. The crime scene
people began photographing everything from all angles. After that they
unloaded the gun placing it in an evidence bag as well as putting other
items in other bags. One of the detectives was outside questioning the
robber. The cashier came back inside with the detectives asking, "Can I fix
y'all coffee? It's on the house."



The young waitress began pouring steaming cups of coffee sitting them on
the counter for the police. One of the detectives took a seat across from
Jason in the booth close to the cash register where Jason said, "If you
don't mind before we get started I'd appreciate a cup of coffee,
please. That's what I originally came in here for."

"I'll take a cup too, Miss," the detective said as he began interviewing
Jason.

The cashier placed two big mugs of coffee along with a bowl of creamers on
the table. Jason began looking around. The whole area appeared so surreal;
yellow crime scene tape strung up around the area, police vehicles sitting
all over with emergency lights flashing as well as a fire department rig
and an ambulance. A fireman and police officer came inside. The paramedic
reached for Jason's hand saying, "Let me see your hand."

That was the first time Jason noticed that the skin between his thumb and
forefinger was bleeding with a torn piece of skin dangling. The paramedic
began cleaning up the wound before wrapping it with a bandage and then
saying, "I think this will heal okay. More blood than anything else;
however, you might want to see your doctor tomorrow, or I can take you to
the ER tonight if you want."

"Uh, I'm okay. I'll be okay. Thanks," Jason acknowledged the fireman
tending him.

The paramedic cleaned up the mess on the table before closing his box
before walking outside with the uniformed officer where they looked in on
the bad guy in the back of the police vehicle. In the meantime, the
detective resumed questioning Jason. The caregiver was telling the
detective what had happened. A few minutes later Mrs. Driver appeared
outside pushing through the police and crime scene tape. After a few words
with a police officer she entered the coffee shop. Once inside she asked,
"Jason, are you okay, honey?"

"Uh, yeah as far as I know. I got a cut on the skin between my thumb and
finger but that's about it?" Jason said holding his bandaged paw up like an
injured puppy, "Right now I'm more sacred than anything."

Mrs. Driver sat down next to Jason putting her arm around the now trembling
young man. The trauma of earlier events was now setting in.

The detective asked, "You know this man, mam?"

"Yes, he works for me. He's my son's caregiver."

"How did you know I was here, Mrs. Driver?" Jason asked.

"The police scanner at the house came across as a robbery shooting in
progress down here and then your name came across requesting ID
confirmation. Hell, I didn't know what to think, so I got in the car and
rushed down."

"Wow! I mean I really don't know what the hell really happened." Jason
said.

"Well, let me tell you young man what happened is that you single handed
took down a bad guy and that makes you a hero tonight, son," The detective
said now standing at the cash register drinking coffee, "Look around the
television crews are here and I'm sure they'll want interviews."

"I'm not a hero. Ronny's our town's hero. I just work at the VA hospital
and help Mrs. Driver. I'm a caregiver. I help people not beat them up."

"Again, tonight you're a hero, son, for taking down an armed and dangerous
scum bag. Oh, by the way don't ever pull one of those shenanigans again
young man. The next time we may be taking you outa here in a body bag."

"Oh, I don't think you'll have to worry about that," Jason said in a
quaking voice.

Jason asked that he not be interviewed by the television news people. He
said that maybe later, but not now. Mrs. Driver went outside with the
detective, the owner of the shop and the cashier to be interviewed. He
could see every once in a while one of them would point in his direction
and the cameras would pan over shooting through the window.

One at a time everyone began returning inside. Slowly, the police and other
emergency vehicles and television crew began leaving. Then the detectives
moved outside, conferring for a few minutes before leaving. Suddenly the
parking area was as empty as the moment he arrived hours before, and there
was no one left in the coffee shop but Jason, Mrs. Driver, the waitress and
the owner of the coffee shop. All the crime scene tape was gone. Jason
looked up at the clock that showed a little after four.

The owner of the shop approached the booth asking, "Can I get the two of
you anything besides coffee?"

"Just refills will be fine for me," Jason replied.

"Same for me," Mrs. Driver echoed.

The owner refilled the coffee mugs and then disappeared into the kitchen to
begin making doughnuts for the morning traffic. Jason and Mrs. Driver moved
down towards a more secluded booth where they could talk.

"Jason, I want you to come back to the house with me and let me fix you
breakfast. I'm sure Ronny will want to hear about things first hand, but
before we go back to the house I need some answers, or moreover I need to
understand some things."

"I'll try to help if I can."

"First off, since you left, Ronny hasn't been the same person. He seems to
be very despondent. You got any idea why, Jason?"

"Not really. The only thing I can think is what happened and the big
argument between the four of us. Or maybe it's the fact that the Corps let
him go."

"No, it's something deeper than that."

"Do you want me to talk to Ronny and see what's bothering him?"

"That might help, but I need to tell you some things about my boys and that
means all three of them. As you may know we consider Gary our quasi-adopted
son."

"Yeah, I'm aware of that and that's why I felt so bad about what happened."

Mrs. Driver looked at Jason for a few seconds before she spoke. "Jason what
I'm about to say is between you and me."

"Okay."

"I never gave this homosexual or gay thing as you boys call it much thought
over the years raising the boys. Now, I've got two boys that are a gay
couple. All of them were good boys, went to church, and were involved in
scouting and sports. They had girlfriends. Basically, they were red blooded
All American boys. I just don't understand."

"All those things that you mention have nothing to do with a person being
gay. A person can be and do all those things and still be a
homosexual. Hell, I'm homosexual, Mrs. Driver!"

Mother Driver sat there taken aback by Jason's startling revelation.

In a quavering voice Jason said, "I've known that I was gay since grade
school, but never act upon those feelings and never had a boyfriend, until
now. I told my mom a few years ago when she became suspicious."

"So, how and why did your mom become suspicious, Jason? All the times we
been out together she has never mentioned it."

"I don't think that's a subject parents talk about, Mrs. Driver. As for how
and why, I don't have a clue. Maybe she stumbled on some of my gay
literature."

There was a long pause. The two were looking down as they took sips from
their coffee cups as if the answers were in the coffee before Mrs. Driver
spoke. "You know, if I was to think back over the years I would have never
suspected Brandon or Gary to be the gay boys. Ronny would have been my pick
of the three to turn out homosexual or gay as you boys now say."

"Really! Why is that? And you don't have to apologize for using
homosexual."

"Ronny was a lot like you growing up. He was always concerned for his
family and friends. He seemed to become offended and hurt more easily than
the others. You know, his sensibilities and feelings; whereas, Brandon and
Gary were the tough guys."

Jason looked across at Mrs. Driver questioning in his mind whether he
should say what he was about to say, but he had to say it as they were
being frank with each other. "Maybe that's why Ronny joined the Marine
Corps because he felt that he was doing the right thing, helping the
oppressed, or do you think he joined the Corps to mask his true identity as
that of a homosexual?"

"I don't know. I'm not saying that Ronny is gay, but if he is I'll accept
that. He's my son. I just don't know about a lot of things at this point. I
just know that this divide between the boys has got to be fixed. You have
no idea how this is affecting dad. I'm worried about his health. He's
concerned about his business that he built over the years for the boys to
inherit and now they are deserting him."  Mrs. Driver began to tear up.

"Mrs. Driver parents can't blame themselves for how their children turn out
or what path they will take in life's journey. I never for one minute
entertained the idea that I'd be going to medical school a few years ago,
but it looks like that's where I'm headed."

"Oh Jason, you are so wise for a boy so young," Mrs. Driver praised.

"And a boy who loves your son Ronny," Jason said looking directly into
Mrs. Driver's eyes.

The owner of the coffee shop appeared with a box breaking into the
conversation. He opened it showing an assortment of doughnuts and
pastries. "Here take these as a token of appreciation for what you did last
night. Oh, and from now on any time you stop by my shop the coffee is on
the house."

"Thank you," Jason said to the Korean man closing the lid on the box and
setting the box on the table.

"I'll take these and you follow me," Mrs. Driver said with a smile.

The two left the coffee shop just as the son was breaking over the
horizon. A new day was dawning and everyone was alive to see another
day. Jason mounted his bike and started the engine. He cracked the throttle
a couple times to hear the throaty trust of the powerful engine He zipped
the leather jacket and secured the helmet before putting on his gloves.

Jason eased the clutch lever out opening the throttle at the same time
putting the bike in motion for the ride back to the Driver house. He was
feeling much better than when he rode into the parking area a few hours
before. His head was much clearer and his feelings for Ronny were out in
the open.

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Mon, 26 Jul 2010 20:03:23 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 49

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part II
Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 49: Apology and Explanation

Ronny's brother and Gary continued to rant and rave about Jason being a
pervert. Brandon, screaming about how Jason had taken advantage of his
brother who was strung up in a body cast while Gary was yelling that he was
going to call the police. Ronny and Jason were visibly upset. Ronny was
crying while Brandon and Gary continued screaming at Jason. The whole scene
was horrific. Jason was trying to calm the two heartless hellions, knowing
their outrageous behavior was disturbing his ward. Finally, Jason pulled
the sheet up over Ronny's midsection and then looking at his Marine touched
his finger tips mouthing good-bye.

"Where the fuck do you think you're goin you fuckin perv?" Brandon snapped.

Jason didn't say anything. He knew his actions had crossed the line and
he'd been caught. There was no excuse for his actions and there was nothing
he could say to rectify the situation. The caregiver knew it was time to
get out before things escalated further. He began preparing to leave when
Gary demanded, "So, where you goin asshole?

You gonna leave my brother helpless and all alone?" Brandon yelled.

"Look assholes you all want me to leave; besides, you two are here to look
after Ronny after I'm gone," Jason snapped back.

"We got plans for the evening. Get your ass back here and take care of my
brother," Brandon commanded, "that's what you get paid to do."

"Fuck you asshole! You didn't hire me; you don't tell me what the fuck to
do and neither of you motherfuckers can't fire me!" Jason exploded.

Yelling and cursing was so uncharacteristic for Jason. Normally, he was an
even tempered person who seldom lost it, but he'd had it with the two idiot
intruders. Suddenly, Ronny began going to spasms. He began gasping,
writhing, vomiting and turning color.

"Look what you've done motherfucker. Now my brother is dying cause you
wanted to suck his dick, you perv" a rather excited Brandon began yelling.

"Shut the fuck up! Get out of this room and call 911!" Jason yelled back at
Brandon, "You get out of here too Gary."

Jason went to work on his charge, clearing the airway, administering oxygen
and medication to help calm his patient. Jason thought that Ronny was
experiencing a simple anxiety attack. Within a few minutes Jason managed to
stabilize his patient. By the time the fire department and ambulance
arrived Jason had taken Ronny's vitals and was giving the medics that
information as well as what he'd done and briefly how the episode began.

Of course the caregiver left out the part about administering the blowjob
to his patient. As the medics were loading the Marine into the ambulance
for the ride to the hospital Jason's mom and Ronny's mom arrived. Ronny's
mom was visibly shaken seeing her son being transported to the
hospital. Jason told her that Ronny had experienced a panic attack and
would be okay and probably back home the next day. The boys offered to
drive Mrs. Driver to the hospital.

The following days came and went without the Marine returning home. Jason
would look in on Ronny every chance he got. Days later Jason would discover
after talking to the doctors and nurses at the VA hospital that the Marine
had experienced more than a simple panic attack. All the screaming and
yelling had pushed the Marine into a very heavy PTSD panic attack. The
Marine had experienced a flash back, reliving the hell of the chopper crash
while all the uproar was going on in his room.

Jason felt that he was totally at fault; therefore, he sent the family his
letter of resignation. After receiving the letter Mrs. Driver asked Jason
to meet her for lunch to talk about things and try to get some answers. The
caregiver agreed. They would meet at the same little café where Brandon
and Gary had met with mother Driver weeks earlier regarding them being a
gay couple.

Jason arrived first and told the waiter that he was expecting
Mrs. Driver. After a few minutes of sipping coffee while he waited the
waiter ushered Ronny's mom to the booth. Jason stood up taking mother
Driver's hand whereby she said, "Thank you for meeting me, Jason."

Jason assisted Mrs. Driver into the booth before saying, "I'm glad we are
able to have this meeting."

The waiter brought Mrs. Driver a small metal pot of hot water, a cup and
tea bag and then refilled Jason's coffee cup before asking if he could take
an order. Both parties declined, telling the young man to give them some
time.

Mrs. Driver poured some hot water in the cup and then dropped the tea bag
in swirling it in the cup of hot water to steep asking, "What the hell went
on the other day, Jason. I come home to find my son being taken back to the
hospital, two days later I get a letter of resignation from you and I've
got Brandon telling me to fire you."

"Mrs. Driver I'm sure you are aware that young men have certain needs --
sexual needs. Anyway, I was assisting Ronny with those sexual needs when
Brandon and Gary walked in catching me helping your son with said needs."

"And," mother Driver said seemingly unconcerned.

"The boys started screaming and yelling, calling me a pervert. They were
threatening to call the police and all. I think all that was what started
Ronny's panic attack. At least that is what I understand from the doctors
and nurses I've spoken with about the situation," Jason explained.

The caregiver went on to explain how he discovered the mess that first time
his mother and Mrs. Driver went out for some respite time together. Jason
tired to explain things in the most therapeutic manner possible to Ronny's
mom.

"I suspected as much," Ronny's mom said, "I tried to find out what went on
from Brandon and Gary. Neither of them would tell me anything other than
they thought you should be fired as an incompetent. That I never
believed. I thank you for your honesty, and understand you helping my son
fulfill his... Well, his needs."

"Thank you for your understanding, Mrs. Driver. I still want to remain
friends with Ronny if you and your family don't mind."

"I think I know what's going on with the two boys, Jason. You know Gary is
or was Ronny's best friend for years. Brandon being his brother didn't
understand how close you and Ronny may have become over the weeks since you
started as his caregiver. I know that you and Ronny are very much
buddy-buddy and I don't think they understand how close you two have
become. Maybe the boys think you encroached on their territory."

"I think there maybe something else," Jason said.

"The fact that they are a gay couple," Mrs. Driver replied.

"So, you know about that?"

"Yes, Jason. They came out to me at this very café weeks ago. Dad doesn't
know and they don't want him to find out. So, I wonder if there was some
jealousy going on when they caught you doing, er, well what you were
doing?"

"I don't know, but I surely don't want to come between brothers and family,
Mrs. Driver."

"Jason, we want you to remain friends with Ronny."

"Mrs. Driver I just want you and your family to know how sorry I am for
this mess."

"Jason, I don't blame you for anything. Maybe this episode with Ronny was a
blessing in disguise. You have no idea how much I've learned about my sons
in the past weeks. I have a gay son who is in love with his brother's best
friend. They are running away from the issue moving to Arizona to live and
go to school as a gay couple because they can't address the issue with
dad. My husband can't understand the whole thing, and he has been diagnosed
with cancer. Furthermore, I'm about to loose my mind over the whole damn
thing. So, please don't leave me and Ronny over some silly thing like
helping my son relieve his, well as you put it sexual needs. We both need
you more than ever."

"Wow! I had no idea that your husband was ill," Jason exclaimed.

"We're lucky they caught the cancer in time, but the boys deciding to move
to Arizona kind of put a crimp in things. I'm hoping that the stress of the
boys leaving will not cause a flare up in the cancer that's in remission,"
Mrs. Driver said, "not to mention Ronny's recovery."

"I guess the VA wants to keep Ronny as an inpatient a while longer," Jason
said.

"Yes, they want him to remain for at least a month or more until they can
remove all the casts and then while he is an inpatient he will start mental
health therapy for PTSD," Mrs. Driver said.

"That's what I'm hearing and I think it may be the best for him."

"I think this meeting is better to remain between you and me, Jason. At
least for now."

"Sure thing," Jason replied, "I'll continue to look in on Ronny while he's
in the hospital, if that's okay?"

"I wouldn't want it any other way, Jason."

The two said their good-byes, departing the café in different
directions. Over the next few weeks the injured Marine got rid of first one
cast and then the other until he was free of all. He began physical
rehabilitation therapy as well as mental health counseling. Jason spent as
much time as his schedule would allow considering he was still attending
college, working at the VA and had a new caregiver assignment two
afternoons a week: a soldier that had lost his legs to an IED in Iraq.

There was not that special bond between him and the wounded soldier. Jason
wouldn't allow the closeness that had developed between him and Ronny. One
day he stopped into visit Ronny and he was gone. Asking where the Marine
had gone Jason was told that he had been given a leave to go to Marine
headquarters and would be back in a day or two.

A couple days later Jason stopped into see the Marine who was back in his
room. When Jason popped into the room Ronny was sitting in a chair with a
big smile on his face. The Marine stood up with the assist of a walker,
extending his hand to his friend.

"What's the shit eating grin all about Marine?" Jason asked.

"You're lookin at a civilian my man, or at least in a few days. Marine
Corps headquarters is processing my medical retirement. I'll be drawing
100% of my pay and all benefits at least for a while. The VA says as soon
as I can get the doctors to release me I can start a college program paid
for by the VA," Ronny said excitedly.

"That's huge, dude. I got great news too. I just learned today that I
passed the MCAT exam with flying colors. I can pretty much pick and choose
the medical school I want to attend," Jason said.

"What the hell is MCAT?" Ronny asked, I thought you were going to nursing
school.

"MCAT is the exam to get me into medical school. I changed my mind and took
the test and did well on it, so now I looking at med schools."

"Congratulation, Jason. Oh, another thing, I'm going home tomorrow. So, why
don't I see if mom will whip up a celebratory dinner this weekend for both
of us," Ronny said.

"Sounds good."

The weekend proved to be a great family gathering; however, there were two
conspicuous absences. Brandon and Gary were not in attendance. Jason didn't
question their absence. After a great dinner of Swiss steak, mashed
potatoes, gravy, veggies and homemade sweet rolls everyone excused
themselves from the table. Ronny who by that time was walking with the
assist of a cane wanted to walk around the yard area with Jason after
dinner.

After touring the area the two stopped to look into the big three car
garage where Ronny flipped on the light switch. There on the far side was
what appeared to be a vehicle covered in an auto cocoon. Ronny hobbled over
lifting the cover. There was the truck he'd given to his best Gary months
ago when he deployed to Afghanistan. Ronny dropped the cover and as the
Marine turned around towards Jason he could see a tear filling his eye.

"What's wrong buddy?" Jason asked.

"That's my truck under the cover. I gave it to my best friend, Gary, when I
left months ago. I told him it was his no matter what. I guess he doesn't
want it or any memories anymore," Ronny said in a disheartening tone, "I
guess he doesn't care about me or the truck anymore."

"I'm sure there's an explanation, Ronny. Your brother and Gary just have to
work things out between them and then the family."

"You know, I lost my virginity in that truck, Jason. Gary deflowered me in
it at my dad's shop late one night before I went to Afghanistan."

"Maybe, one of these days you'll deflower me the same way in that truck."

The two boys laughed as Jason assisted Ronny making his way back to the
house for desert. The boys ate desert and watched some television before
Jason bid everyone good-night. He then got on his motorcycle and headed
towards home.

[I think the next Chapter (50) may be the conclusion to this story unless I
come up with something new and exiting. I've just about run out of gas and
my emotions are drained writing the story. I have enjoyed writing the story
and all the great responses my readers have sent me regarding the story.]

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Sat, 24 Jul 2010 17:03:56 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 48

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave

By Randall Rumper

Part II

Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 48: Confrontation

The congenial caregiver didn't get to see much of his ward the next few
days. The recuperating Marine was back in the hospital for some minor
surgical skin grafting procedures as well as having a new cast put on his
arms chest and leg, exposing more of the arms, hands, lower leg and
foot. Jason did make it a point to visit Ronny briefly everyday at the
hospital. One day Jason ran into Brandon and Gary while they were visiting
Ronny. After their visit Jason confronted them in the vacant waiting room
afterwards.

"So, what's up with your two? I haven't seen much of you guys around the
house," Jason said as the other boys exited Ronny's room.

Brandon replied as the three began walking towards the waiting room on
Ronny's floor, "Well, we've been getting our things together for school. We
both applied for and have been accepted at a university in Arizona. Gary
will be leaving first to secure housing and then I'll follow."

"Yeah, we've really been busy applying for grants, loans all the financial
aid shit that's why we've been kind of invisible the past weeks. We been
workin and doin our school work as well as doin all the paper work for
money at my place," Gary said a little shamefaced.

"Yeah, I been staying over with Gary to give everyone around the house more
space," Brandon replied, "Things get a little tense sometimes."

"To give the family more space, huh? How's your dad taking the fact that
both of you are leaving town?" Jason asked, "And Ronny for that matter?"

"Dad's not too happy, but he's glad we got accepted to the same school and
that we'll have each other for support while were away from home attending
college," Brandon said, "besides, he's known like forever that I'm not
interested in being a mechanic or truck driver for the rest of my life."

"So, support is what you call it?  What are you going to do once Ronny gets
to the point where he can take care of himself somewhat, Jason?" Gary
asked, "Because he's still going to need certain support during his rehab."

"You know, I'm still attending school in the area. I plan to transfer once
I get all my core work done here to the four year registered nursing degree
program or if I can score high enough maybe even go onto med school," Jason
said, "but I'll always be around for Ronny even if I'm not getting
paid. We've established a special bond over the past weeks."

"What do you think the chances are of my brother going back to the Corps?"
Brandon asked, "you've been privy to his medical reviews and all."

"I'd say probably slim to none. I think it is probably going to be a year
or more before Ronny is back at 100% if there will ever be 100% for him. At
some point the Marine Corps will probably offer him a medical
retirement. From there the VA will rate him 100% for a while, during that
time, if he wants, the VA will send him to college or some school on their
dime," Jason said, "at least that is what I'd want for him."

"I hope you're right, Jason," Gary replied.

"What do you guys want for Ronny? Brandon you're his brother and Gary
you're his best friend, seems to me that you guys are abandoning him during
his time of need -- being a little selfish. You know Ronny is going to miss
you guys," Jason replied harshly.

"We'll be around for few more weeks before we leave, hopefully he'll be out
of his casts by then. What do you think, Jason?" Brandon asked.

"After he gets out of the casts he is facing months of physical therapy as
well as some more skin grafting, not to mention months or years of mental
health rehab. All pretty painful stuff," Jason said looking directly into
the eyes of the two standing across from him.

"Well, I think he knows we can't put our lives on hold waiting for him to
recover; besides, we can be back here in a few hours by way of plane if he
takes a turn for the worse," Brandon replied.

"Okay, guys let's cut to the chase," Jason said, "Have you all told Ronny
that you're a couple -- a gay couple?"

Both boys looked like deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming
car. They been busted and didn't know how to react to Jason's accusation
that they were a gay couple. "I got to get back to work," Jason said as he
turned to walk away in open disgust. His parting shot was, "By the way he
knows."

Brandon and Gary stood there not saying a word. What was there to say? They
were a gay couple and they both were escaping their hometown, brother and
best friend to get away from family scrutiny of their
relationship. Although Brandon's mother and sister knew the father did not
and if he did he would not be accepting of the two boys, one being his son,
involved in a homosexual relationship. The two boys with heads hung low
began walking towards the elevator. As they departed from the hospital they
didn't know how to resolve the dilemma.

Jason felt a sense of relief as he headed off to resume his duties at the
hospital. Jason now knew why he was seeing less and less of Brandon and
Gary. The other visitors had dropped off too, and Jason was sensing
depression setting in with the wounded Marine. He made the suggestion to
the home health nurse that maybe a social service or mental health
counselor should drop by to evaluate Ronny. The big problem was that Jason
was falling for the Marine big time.

After Ronny returned home Jason while attending to the wounded Marine
asked, "So, what's happening with Brandon and Gary as well as your other
friends?"

"Oh."

Ronny said, "Brandon and Gary are working and doing their own thing
lately. You know there a couple."

"When did you discover that?" Jason asked.

"Didn't have to it's written all over them when they come visit me. You
know, they're both together, the body language, the way they look at each
other. They're both together and both seem to be ashamed and not want to
visit long," Ronny said, `my body got injured not my brain, Jay."

"Too bad you all can't come to some understanding among you all," Jason
said.

Jason began giving Ronny his daily foot and leg massage. The caregiver
truly enjoyed caressing and rubbing Ronny feet and legs. The wounded Marine
made a confession to Jason, "Jay, I hope you won't think less of me when I
tell you that I think I may be gay too and I'm falling for you."

"I've been wondering about that from the day you had the wet dream
event. Feel free to tell me about your feelings, because I think you know I
have feeling for you. I also think you maybe going through some PTSD and
need help in that area."

"Gary and I were partners; in fact, Gary popped my cherry before I deployed
to Afghanistan. After he fucked me I was considering going AWOL. I'd had
dreams about Gary doing me, but never acted on them."

Ronny went on explaining how the two engaged in that explosive time between
the two of them that night in Ronny's truck inside his dad's shop. Ronny
also went on explaining all the other times he and Gary had sex before
going to Afghanistan.

"I wondered about that. I'm a pretty perceptive person and I've been
watching the interaction or the lack thereof among you, your brother and
Gary."

"Yeah, at first after Gary told me about some of his sex partners while I
was gone I wasn't mad or anything. I just figured we both had needs. I had
a jack off buddy while in Afghanistan and I felt that was what was
happening with Gary. Then it dawned on me after a few weeks home that Gary
and Brandon were lovers more so than sex partners," Ronny said.

"Yeah, I know," Jason said,

"I didn't mind Gary running wild while I was gone. Now I find out he and my
brother are in love, a solid couple, they've even told my mom and sister
about their relationship. Dad doesn't know. That would kill him and he
would probably kill them."

"You're probably right. As I said before I've got a confession," Jason
said, "I am attracted to you and as soon as you get out of the casts and
can get around I'd like to start dating you, of course that would be
secretly. I wouldn't want to cause any problems between you and your
folks. They have been so great towards me and my family."

"I think I'd like that too," Ronny replied.

Jason began gently kissing the side of Ronny's foot working his way up his
leg to his knee and from there he began kissing inside Ronny's knee. All
Ronny could do was let out little moans and sighs of pleasure as his pecker
jumped with each kiss. "You've got the most beautiful penis I've ever seen,
Ronny."

"Thanks."

"Of course, yours is the only penis I've ever seen fully erect. As you guys
in the Corps would say, I'm a cherry boy."

There the beauty stood at attention only inches away from Jason's face
bouncing and throbbing as the blood pulsed through it pumping it up to full
mast. A most perfectly sculpted penis with a well-defined pink head that
flared back to a dark red coronal band; a lighter circumcision scar that
was high and tight, and then the darker shaft that was rooted into an
undergrowth of pubic hair at the base of Ronny's tree trunk. Beneath that
was the darker hairless scrotal sac hanging loosely over the taint.

"That's truly a thing of beauty, Ronny. May I give it the attention it
needs?"

"Oh God yes, please do. I've dreamed about that since the very first time
we met, Jay; the first night you touched my fingers I felt that surge of
special energy pass between us. That's why the wet dreams. I've dreamed
about you and me making love every night since the first night you arrived
and touched me as you were leaving, Jay."

Jason replied, "Same here. I guess I was scared to cross any
boundaries. I've dreamed about you every night too, Ronny."

"Why didn't you say something earlier, Jay? I've dreamed about you and me
together after I get out of this fuckin cast. That's what has kept me going
all these weeks."

Jason saluted the beautiful boner he was fondling before him. He touched it
softly stroking its full length.

"Oh God, Jay, don't stop what you're doing."

Jason bent forward letting his soft moist lips tenderly kiss the pink head
of Ronny's penis. Jason's tongue began circling swirling around the full
circumference of the darker coronal band.

"Oh my God!" Ronny exclaimed as Jason's lips touched the head of his cock.

The caregiver licked his way to a point where his tongue was titillating
the very sensitive area just below the piss slit. Jason could taste a trace
of soap as he continued nursing Ronny's engorged member. Ronny continued
moaning and whimpering uncontrollably. Jason cupped Ronny's hairless ball
sac in his hand to feel the walnut sized nuts inside the scrotal sac and
then began kissing each nut. All the time Ronny was moaning with desire and
pleasure. Jason began to taste a hint of Ronny's seminal fluid that begun
seeping from the piss slit. So, sensing that Ronny may be about to explode
in an orgasm Jason ceased caressing and licking Ronny's wang.

Jason moved up to Ronny's face. He put his right hand behind Ronny's head
drawing the Marine's face to his. The two locked into a passionate kiss,
tongues darting around dueling inside each other's mouths. Jason changed
hands putting his left hand behind Ronny's head to cradle it. His right
hand brushed a tear from Ronny's face as he whispered into his right ear,
"Don't worry baby I'll be here for you as long as you need and want me."

Ronny whispered back, "Forever."

"For ever and ever, I love you Ronny Driver."

Jason broke off the soulful kiss whispering in Ronny's ear, "Right now I'm
going to give you the best blowjob of your life, Marine."

"Jay, I only wish I was in a position to reciprocate."

"No need for that now, there'll be plenty of times after you get out of the
cast, if you still choose to recip."

Having said that Jason moved back towards Ronny's crotch area where a
throbbing cock was awaiting his warm wet mouth. A cock that appeared much
bigger, with a bigger and pinker glans. Jason observed that not only had
the head gotten pinker the penis shaft appeared to have gotten thicker
while the two were making out. Jason began kissing Ronny's navel slowly
kissing down the treasure trail the pubic bush where his nose began rooting
around inhaling the mild scent of soap at the base of Ronny's tall timber
as Jason fondled Ronny's balls.

Jason knew he had a couple hours of total privacy to titillate and make
love to Ronny. Jason was going to work on Ronny building him up for the
most explosive orgasm ever. He could tell when he touched a responsive
nerve; Ronny's body would convulse, shaking with desire and his penis would
jump. Ronny's penis jumped up and down dancing like a low rider full of
hydraulics. Meanwhile Jason's hard cock was trying to escape and get into
the fray.

Jason could feel Ronny testicles drawing up and his penis expanding. Jason
was tasting precum. He had never had anyone ejaculate in his mouth, but he
was going to let Ronny be his first.

"Oh Jay I'm gonna cum. I'm cumming!"

With that exclamation Ronny pumped five loads of creamy white spooge into
Jason's mouth. Jason took it all, swallowing in a couple gulps. Suddenly,
before Jason could clean the remnants of cum off Ronny's penis Brandon
yelled out, "What the fuck are you doing to my brother you pervert?"

Startled, Jason almost bit the glans off Ronny's penis as he jumped back
pulling off the Marine's cockhead. Jason didn't know what to say as he
looked around facing Brandon and Gary looking pissed off standing at the
foot of the hospital bed.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Thu, 8 Jul 2010 19:02:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 47

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Part II
Ronny's Caregiver

Chapter 47: Confessions, Secrets and Intimacy

The shifts Jason worked as part-time caregiver for the wounded Marine came
and went without any problems. Mrs. Martin was very impressed with Jason's
ability and his compassion caring for her recovering son. One Sunday she
left the two alone for the first time while she went shopping. When she
returned she relieved Jason and he bid Ronny farewell, again, before
leaving Jason did something that had become a ritual between the two. Jason
would touch Ronny's fingers or toes as he said goodbye or goodnight: secret
goodnight kisses between the two.

The subsequent days caring for the wounded Marine came and went easily;
however, one Saturday morning, after few weeks on the job, there was a
torrential downpour, so Jason drove to work in her car with her riding
along. She didn't want her son riding his crotch rocket across town in the
pouring rain. Jason drove up the driveway and parked under the
portico. Mrs. Driver, who was waiting with an umbrella, stuck her head
inside the vehicle inviting Jason's mother in for some hot tea before
returning home.

Jason got out of the car while Mrs. Driver covered his mother on the
passenger side with the umbrella helping her out of the car before they
went inside. After hiring Jason as a part-time caregiver Jason soon found
himself not only as Ronny's caregiver but something of a confidant. From
that first meeting the two bonded sharing so much that Jason would stop by
on his on initiative early of a morning before school and each evening
after his shift at the VA hospital to look in on Ronny and see if
Mrs. Martin needed any help.

Once all were inside Jason went about his work tending to Ronny's needs. In
the meantime the two women were visiting getting to know each other on a
more personal level while drinking hot tea and eating fresh pastry in the
kitchen. The two women struck up an immediate friendship and got along
great during that initial meeting, so much so, that Jason's mother invited
Ronny's mother to her ladies only card club the next Saturday for some
respite.

Saturday went by uneventfully passing quickly as all parties got to know
each other better. Jason discovered midweek that he didn't have to work at
the Driver's on Friday as Ronny was being transported to the hospital for a
full day of medical follow-up. Again, the next Saturday Jason's mom dropped
her son off and picked up Mrs. Driver for another lady's day out, again
providing some respite for Ronny's mom.

That is truly what respite care giving is all about, providing rest and
relaxation for the primary caregiver. Jason was the secondary caregiver and
Jason's mom had been filling in inviting Mrs. Driver out to get some R&R
from her son. After the two mothers bid their boys farewell they drove off
for their day of recreation. Jason's mom told the boys not to expect them
back early because the two women might go to dinner and take in a movie
later. The two women departed leaving the boys alone. Jason asked Ronny,
"Had breakfast yet?"

"Yeah, mom fed me earlier, Jay, but I had another accident in my sleep
earlier this morning," Ronny replied, "I thought I was going to have to ask
mom to clean it up, but I'd rather you do it if you don't mind?"

"No problem, buddy. I'll take care of it," Jason replied with a smile, "you
know me I'm here to take care of your every need."

Jason thought maybe Ronny had pissed or shit himself in the bed; however,
as he pulled the sheet back, to his amazement there were remnants of a wet
dream. There was a big mess of drying semen in his crotch and matted in his
pubic hair.

"You need to get out of this cast soon my man. Find you a lady so you can
get some pussy," Jason said with a smile.

"Yeah, guess so, but I'm really not interested in any pussy right now."

Jason thought that was an odd answer as he went into the bathroom where he
collected a pan with warm water, some soap, a wash cloth, and towel. He
returned to his patient and began giving him a sponge bath. Much to Jason's
surprise Ronny began springing another erection as Jason gently cleansed
his genital area cleaning all the spooge off. Jason was enthralled with
Ronny's smooth skin as well as the beauty he was discovering between his
patient's legs.

"So, have you been experiencing more erections recently, Ronny?"

"Yeah, I've been waking up with more of them lately and now the wet dream
thing. I'm just glad you were here this morning to clean me up. I would've
just died if Mom had found me like this."

With Ronny sitting up on the bedside commode Jason continued working
between the outstretched arms sponging Ronny's exposed upper body parts and
back. As Jason was reaching around his patient's body he thought he felt
Ronny's lips brush against his face and ear.

Jason thought he heard Ronny say something and was taken aback. He didn't
know quite know how to react to what he considered a sensuous touch asking,
"What'd you say?"

"Nothing. Sorry, didn't mean for that to happen, Jay."

"No problem, Ronny. I enjoy working with you, helping you and making you
feel better."

Jason blushed as he continued wondering what was on Ronny's mind as he
finished washing his neck, ears and face. Jason made up Ronny's bed while
he finished on the potty. Once that was done he wiped and thoroughly washed
Ronny's ass crack before putting him back into the bed. Jason laid a towel
across Ronny's mid section before positioning himself at the foot of the
bed to begin giving Ronny his foot massage.

"You know in a week or so you'll have another leg to massage, Jay"

"How's that, you getting the cast off?"

"Yep. Well, at least part of the leg from what the doctor tells me. My foot
and part of my lower leg will be uncovered."

Jason began washing and drying Ronny's feet, and then began applying the
warm massage oil saying, "That'll be great, Ronny."

The caregiver began to massage his patient's foot; however, Jason's
thoughts that morning were not about massaging Ronny's feet, but rather
what it would be like to be massaging his manhood. He was thinking how
beautiful Ronny's body was and how much more beautiful he was going to be
when he was out of his cast. Jason wondered about the wet dreams Ronny was
experiencing. He wondered what was causing them, who was Ronny thinking
about to become so aroused to get off.

There were no girly magazines or photos or anything sexually stimulating
for a heterosexual male around the sterile environment. No female had
visited him.

"Jay, how come you always cover my crotch up when were alone and stop the
massage with the calf muscles? Why don't you massage my thigh?"

"Covering your private area is what I've been trained to do, but I can
uncover you and do your thighs and other areas if you want, especially when
it's just you and me. I guess I just need your permission to do so."

"You know, I've noticed you eyeing my dick when you attend to me. What do
you think of it?"

"I hope you won't think badly of me when I say I think you have a very
beautiful body, from what I can view, a great looking penis. It's beautiful
and just the right size."

 "Right size for what?"

 "The right size for anything."

 Jason wasn't sure where Ronny was going with the questions so he
suggested, "I'll remove the towel if you like."

 "Thanks," Ronny said smiling.

Jason thought for sure he had seen movement under the bath towel. He was
almost sure Ronny was getting an erection. Jason wasn't sure, but he was
beginning to sense that Ronny might be sexual attracted to him. Jason
pulled the towel up on the midsection of his patient in a tantalizing
manner exposing Ronny's semi hard penis.

Seeing Ronny's penis in full view caused arousal in Jason's loins. His
burgeoning boner inside his pants wanted some personal attention, but he
knew that his primary focus was on Ronny's care. Jason needed to focus on
Ronny's wants and needs.

"So, how big is it, your dick that is when it's hard?" Jason asked
guardedly.

"I'm not sure. I haven't measured it in a while. You want'a measure it?"

"Sure if you want me to. So, where's the measuring tape?"

"I think there's one in that sewing basket over on the bar."

Jason moved towards the wet bar in the room and opened the sewing
basket. Sure enough there was a thirty-six inch fabric measuring tape
rolled up on the top. Jason retrieved it taking the rubber band off and
began unrolling it stretching it out to its full length saying in a humors
manner, "Think this is long enough?"

Ronny began laughing, "Yeah. Oh yeah that'll do."

Jason put the end of the tape against Ronny's pubic bone and measured along
the topside from the pubic bone to the tip of the penis, "Looks to be a
little over seven inches long. Not bad. Now let's see what this thing
measures around."

Jason wrapped the tape around the shaft saying, "Looks like six inches mid
shaft," then he moved the tape up to the coronal band, "six and three
eights around the corona. Nice sized cock Ronny, nothing to be ashamed of,
and a very beautiful knob."

"Really! So, you think I've got a good size dick?" Ronny asked.

"Very nice one, but the head is what really makes a nice looking penis as
far as I'm concerned, and that knob on yours is a total beauty."

"Thanks Jay. I'm glad it didn't get messed up when I was injured."

"I know this if you were gay I sure as Hell wouldn't kick you out of bed;
besides, all that shit about size is way overrated as far as I'm
concerned. You know all the stories about guys with big cocks having more
fun; personally I think that's bullshit. I'd much rather engage in sex with
a guy your size or even smaller than a big guy any day."

Jason immediately felt that hot sensation throughout his body; the type of
sensation one feels when the police light you up when they catch you
speeding. Jason felt he might have gone too far, fucked up and let the cat
out of the bag about his homosexuality.

"Really! So, are you gay Jay?"

"You know I don't really know at this point in my life, I think I might
be," Jason responded meekly, "just not sure."

Jason went on explaining his life and his sexual identity issues while
massaging Ronny's thighs moving closer to Ronny's crotch. Jason told Ronny
about how there had been guys in school that he had been attracted to and
who sexually excited him, but didn't want to take a step forward for fear
of being outed and labeled a queer.

Ronny told Jason that he had experienced the same type of feelings from the
time he was in the seventh grade. But he never acted upon them because he
didn't want to disappoint his Mom; he didn't want to tell her about those
feelings, and he definitely didn't want to be labeled as gay. Without
warning Jason bent down tenderly kissing the tips of Ronny's toes. Jason
could see Ronny's penis jump to attention. Jason did it again and again
watching Ronny's dick jump with each little peck.

"Would you like for me to massage your penis, Ronny? Maybe if I did that
once or twice a week for you, you won't have another accident. You know
just therapy."

"I think that would be great therapy and of course it stays between us,
Jay."

Jason moved to the bedside where he was within reach of Ronny's crotch. He
began working the warm gel into the crotch area, massaging Ronny's nuts and
hard cock.

"Oh my God, Jay," Ronny responded softly, "your touch is driving me crazy."

Jason didn't say a word. He continued stroking the seven inches of man meat
paying particular attention to the sensitive glans. Then he would move to
the scrotal sac massaging each walnut size testicle.

"Oh God Jay, don't stop."

Jason thought he knew where all the sensitive areas were located on a
male's penis as he had stroked his hard cock so many times. What Jason
wanted to do was lean down taking the beauty into his mouth and sucking
Ronny's hard cock, but he refrained controlling his emotions.

Finally, Ronny busted a nut, shooting three powerful ropes of spooge. Jason
continued stroking Ronny until he told him he had to stop. Jason knew what
the problem was and ceased. He got another pan of warm water and began
cleaning Ronny up again. Within an hour the two mothers returned from their
outing. Jason bid Ronny goodnight kissing Ronny's fingers and toes on the
way out. He said goodbye to Mrs. Driver before he and his mother departed.

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Wed, 7 Jul 2010 13:26:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 46

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. This part of the story will be about the Marine, Ronny's
rehabilitation. Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as
I wrote an earlier story about a care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Part II
Ronny's Care Giver
Chapter: 46 Those First Days With Ronny

The next Friday morning Jason was up at seven thirty. His mother was
knocking on the door reminding the young care giver of his appointment
suggesting that he have some breakfast before taking off. Jason told his
mom that he was up and would be downstairs in a few. Although the Driver
fed him well once in the kitchen Jason ate a hearty breakfast before
departing to take care of Ronny for the day.

After riding over on his motorcycle Jason arrived a couple minutes before
nine. He rang the doorbell. Mrs. Martin answered inviting Jason in offering
him the usual cup of coffee. She said that Ronny had another fitful night
and was still asleep as a result of medications he'd been given to help him
sleep. As Jason leisurely drank his coffee he was conversing with Ronny's
mother about her son; something he'd done more than once and each time was
learning more about the wounded Marine.

As the two drank their coffee Jason decided to probe Mrs. Driver trying to
find out more personal details about Ronny; his likes, dislikes, girl
friends, etc. Ronny's mom filled Jason in on the details of the wounded
warrior's life before he entered the Marine Corps. Mrs. Driver explained
what Ronny was like as a child growing up, and how 9-11 had affected him as
a youngster.

"That day changed Ronny's life. It made him change his priorities about
life," Mrs. Driver said, "even though he'd been an honor student in school
who took AP courses he opted to enter the Marine Corps instead of attending
college immediately."

"Wow! That is so noble."

"Just a warning, a few of his friends from high school days or the Marine
Corps might start to drop by from time to time to visit," Mother Driver
cautioned, "he didn't have a girl friend."

She went on to explain that once Ronny decided to enlist in the Marine
Corps after his training was complete his unit deployed almost immediately
to Afghanistan. He'd been wounded about halfway through the deployment.

"Yeah, I knew that," Jason said, "How should I handle the visitors?"

"Play it by ear," she said, "if you think he's up for visitors go ahead and
let them in but monitor them and if he looks weary you might want to
encourage them to leave and come back another time."

Jason had reviewed Ronny's chart at the VA hospital, so he was aware of all
the military service and injuries sustained. The Marine was lucky to have
survived the crash. He'd been pinned beneath the chopper for over an hour,
suffering concussion along with major lacerations. He'd lost a lot of blood
by the time help arrived. He suffered multiple fractures to his arms,
collar bones, and broken vertebras in his back as well as one leg that had
to be put back together with titanium hardware. From all accounts Ronny had
been lucky to survive, and even luckier that his injuries weren't
worse. However, his prognosis appeared to be good. Ronny would eventually
make a full recovery, but his days in the Marine Corps were probably over
and he would be medically retired.

The doorbell rang breaking the conversation. Jason looked at his watch and
it showed ten to ten. He couldn't believe the two had been talking for
almost an hour. Mrs. Driver excused herself to answer the door. It was a
home health nurse and doctor. The health practitioners entered the
kitchen. Jason didn't recognize either of them. The doctor extended his
hand saying "You must be Jason? I've heard good things about you son. You
made a good choice for a care giver Mrs. Driver."

The health care nurse assured Mrs. Martin that she'd also heard good things
about Jason. However, she said, "Jason, if you don't mind the doctor and I
would like to watch how you handle the patient."

"Sure, no problem."

Ronny had heard all the commotion and was fully awake when all entered the
room. The nurse suggested that Jason begin performing duties of taking
temp, pulse and blood pressure readings and noting the vitals in his chart
while they observed. Jason pulled on a pair of latex gloves and began
checking Ronny's vital signs.

After the vital signs were noted on the chart Ronny requested some privacy
as he needed to take care of personal morning business. He asked his mom
and the nurse to please leave him alone and let Jason help him.

I or the doctor needs to stay and watch how Jason handles the patient with
his personal hygiene. Jason began explaining to Ronny with a quick wink
what he was about to do before pulling the white sheet back.

Jason pulled the white sheet back and then lifted the front of the gown up
so as not to reveal Ronny's naked crotch. Jason placed a white bath towel
between Ronny's legs. As Jason was carrying the work he noticed that
Ronny's penis was semi erect and hoped that it would not blossom into a
full-fledged erection with the health care workers present. Ronny was
somewhat red faced with embarrassment as Jason placed the head of his penis
in the clear plastic urinal.

"Let me wash you off after you pee." Jason said.

Jason got a pan of warm water, wash cloth, and soap to clean Ronny up after
he was done urinating. Once Ronny finished and Jason completed washing him
Jason pulled the privacy curtain open.

The nurse and doctor both remarked to Mrs. Driver, "Very professional job
Jason did, and he did it in a very discreet manner."

"Yes, I think he's a keeper," Mrs. Driver said smiling at the nurse.

"Would you like for me to fix breakfast for you or do you prefer your Mom's
cooking?" Jason asked with a smile.

"What can you cook up Jason?"

"I can make oatmeal or cold cereal and your mom has the coffee made. Oh, I
make a dynamite peanut butter and jelly sandwich too."

 "I'll make a mental note of that, but today I'll let Mom do the
cooking. Friday is her special surprise omelet day."

Mrs. Driver offered to fix all breakfast. The two health care providers
excused themselves saying that after a couple more things they had another
client to check on. Mrs. D., asked, "Would you let me fix you an omelet
too."

"Sure, I'll have breakfast with my patient."

Mrs. Driver excused herself to the kitchen to fix brunch. The nurse went
over a few more things with Jason concerning Ronny's health care, charting,
while the doctor gave directions for medications and safe keeping. The
nurse also told Jason that she would be giving reports on the extra job to
his counselor at school and supervisor at the VA, for possibly more
academic credit.

The nurse thought that he may also qualify for some extra college credits
once the job with Ronny was completed. Finally, the doctor and nurse
excused themselves leaving the two boys alone. Jason emptied the plastic
urinal bottle washing it out with disinfectant and then replacing it on the
table. Jason removed the rubber gloves and washed his hands.

Mrs. Driver reentered the room with two trays of food and drinks. Jason
approached her to take Ronny's tray to feed him, but Mrs. Martin had other
ideas.

"This morning you get to eat with Ronny while I feed him. Your time to feed
him will be here quickly, so enjoy your omelet and observe."

 "Are you sure Mrs. Driver?"

 "She's sure," Ronny quipped, "enjoy, she makes a great omelet."

The two boys ate their brunch together. Jason had never had such a tasty
omelet before. Between bites Jason observed exactly how Mrs. Driver fed
Ronny; the size of the bites, how many bites between liquids, how she wiped
his mouth and chin. Jason thought about Ronny wondering what he was
thinking about lying in bed; so vulnerable, being fed by his mother, having
his ass wiped by another man, basically not being able to do anything for
himself. Jason had never been in that kind of a predicament before.

Jason finished his brunch and drank his coffee remarking to Mrs. Driver, "I
hope you leave the coffee pot on all day that's great coffee. My one vice
is I love coffee, really good coffee."

"Coffee is no problem around here I'm a coffee drinker too; however, Ronny
didn't inherit my love for coffee. He drinks one cup with creamer for
breakfast and that's it for him."

"I'll remember that."

Ronny's mother finished feeding her son, cleaned up, and headed back to the
kitchen with Jason in toe. Jason had found out that Ronny's day was mostly
eating, watching television, and sleeping until he got to the point that he
could start rehab. Ronny would not begin his physical rehabilitation
therapy until the cast was removed. Until that time his care givers had to
make sure he was comfortable and watched him for bedsores.

For the rest of the morning Ronny and Jason chatted getting to know each
other better. Ronny told Jason that he had gotten hooked on a couple of
afternoon soap operas. He also told him that he was more of a cable
television viewer than local channels. Jason made a mental note so as not
to forget.

"Hey, how `bout a foot and leg massage?"

"Naw, I don't want to trouble you."

"No problem it's part of my job description. Let me give you a quick
massage. If you don't like it you tell me and I'll let you alone."

"Okay."

With that Jason got a few clean white bath towels and pulled the white
sheet back to the foot of the bed again exposing Ronny's lower torso and
legs. He quickly took a white bath towel covered Ronny's genital area
taking a mental snapshot of his penis; he noted its approximate size,
color, shape, and texture. He rolled a couple of the bath towels placing
one beneath Ronny's knee and the other beneath his ankle. Jason spread some
of the warmed massage gel on Ronny's right foot and then began gently
rubbing the heel area and bottom of Ronny's very nice looking foot,
remarking, "You've got nice looking feet."

Jason had seen his share of ugly feet working in the VA hospital, but Ronny
had beautiful feet with well manicured toenails. Jason decided to strike up
conversation with Ronny as he was once again feeling twinges of arousal.

"Who manicures your toenails?" Jason asked as he carefully massaged and
rubbed Ronny's right foot.

"Most of the time the nurse at the VA did it. She also said that I have
beautiful feet."

"What size shoe do you wear?"

"Ten regular. What size do you wear?"

"Twelve regular, but I think mine are bigger than yours because I'm
probably a little taller than you, that's the reason for the difference."

"How tall are you?"

"Six feet two inches," Jason replied.

Adding a little more warm massage oil to Ronny's foot Jason worked the arch
and balls of his patient's foot with his thumbs. Then he worked between his
toes and on up across the top of the foot to the ankle, and then onto the
calf muscle of the leg.

"Is there anything I can do for the left leg?" Jason asked.

"Not much until I get the cast off in a few days. Then I think I'd really
appreciate massages."

Mrs. Martin stepped into view; she had been watching the ordeal from the
doorway of the room.

"Jason, you don't know the can of worms you've opened up."

 "What'd you mean?"

 "Every since Ronny was a baby he has enjoyed special pampering from me. I
used to rub his back, feet, and legs as a baby and then in school while he
ran track too. I would work the tight muscles out after his work outs and
swim and track meets."

 "Mom."

 "You know it's the truth baby. Oh, by the way he liked to have his head
rubbed and scratched. I used to put him to sleep rubbing his head of a
night when he was a child."

 "Mom."

 "Okay, no more secrets for now."

 Jason closed out his shift knowing more about Ronny. Before leaving Jason
helped Ronny on and off the portable potty again and got him back into
bed. He took and charted Ronny's vitals before leaving for the night. The
last thing he did was tenderly touch Ronny's fingers as he said goodnight.
Again, Jason felt the eerie surge of electricity and there was also arousal
in Jason's loins.

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Mon, 25 Jan 2010 19:49:56 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 45

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.  Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as I
wrote an earlier story about a care giver.  This part of the story will
focus on the Marine's rehabilitation and his caregiver.

I want to thank my readers of this storyline and all the compliments on my
writing, but most of all to my readers who stuck with me and have enjoyed
reading the story MHOL. As you have read to this point Ronny has been
wounded and is on his way home. Part II is the beginning of a new era to
the story. Although Gary and Brandon as well as some of the other
characters will remain an integral part of the new storyline Part II will
focus on Ronny's recovery and rehabilitation and Ronny's care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Part II
Ronny's Care Giver

Chapter 45: Jason's First Day

Jason Cox arrived early on the designated Friday morning to begin his new
job as part-time care giver to a wounded Marine, Corporal Ronny
Driver. Before arriving Jason had reviewed the Corporal's chart at the VA
hospital in detail on different occasions, so he was aware of the injuries
the Marine sustained and his recovery process thus far. He had also visited
with the Marine's family on numerous occasions since being retained by
Mrs. Driver as a part-time care giver for her on Ronny. Jason was looking
forward to working with the injured Marine, helping him work towards a full
recovery.

According to everything Jason had read and heard the young Marine was lucky
to have survived the chopper crash and be alive. The Marine along with
other crew members had been thrown from the helicopter when it went
down. As the CH-46 rolled over after the crash it pinned Ronny and another
crewmember beneath the fuselage.

When help got to the crash site the rescue personnel on the ground didn't
feel initially there was much hope for any of the injured to survive;
however, all did, do to the quick response of rescue and well-trained
medical personnel. Although Ronny suffered a concussion, broken bones and
burns as well as abrasions and lacerations he survived and was medevaced
along with the rest of the crew of the Sea Knight medium-lift helicopter.

At the in-country hospital where the full extent of the crew's injuries
were evaluated it was decided to stabilize the Marines for further
evacuation. The injuries Ronny suffered were multiple simple fractures to
his arms and collar bones, as well as broken ribs and vertebrae in his
back; however, the worst of the broken bones were right leg and ankle. The
tibula and fibula were compound fractures with bones sticking through the
skin when help arrived. Ronny also had broken ankle bones. All the
fractures in the leg and ankle were going to require extensive rebuilding
by orthopedic surgeons.

Within twenty-four hours of the crash all the Marines were transferred to
Germany where there were better facilities to handle their injuries. The
doctors at Landstuhl Medical Center put the Marine's leg and ankle back
together using titanium hardware. From all accounts Ronny had been lucky
the surgeons were able to save his leg and even luckier that his injuries
weren't worse; however, considering everything his prognosis was good.

Once he was transferred to Bethesda Naval Hospital in Maryland there were
more surgeries as well as skin grafting. Basically, all the Marine's
injuries were taken care at the Landstuhl facility and Bethesda before he
was released to the VA hospital for continuing recovery care and
rehabilitation. Jason had read a doctors note that the Marine should
eventually make a full recovery with minimal neurological problems or
scaring after plastic surgery, but his days in the Marine Corps were in
question. More than likely he would be medically retired.

The Driver's doorbell rang breaking Jason's thoughts and the conversation
among all gathered awaiting Ronny's arrival. Jason looked at his watch and
it showed ten after ten. He couldn't believe the group had been visiting
for over an hour. Mrs. Driver excused herself to answer the door. It was
the home health nurse from the VA. She entered the kitchen and immediately
recognized Jason saying, "Jason, I heard you were going to be working with
Corporal Driver and the family."

She turned to Ronny's mom saying, "You made an excellent choice
Mrs. Driver."

"That's what I've been told many times."

The Home Health Nurse assured Mrs. Driver that Jason was a great choice as
a care giver and would need minimal training or supervision. Jason had an
outstanding reputation at the VA hospital. They all went into Ronny's room
to make one final check. The nurse wanted to go over everything one last
time with Jason and family members. The VA nurse wanted to cover duties
such as taking temp and blood pressure readings as well as noting the
vitals in his chart with Jason and the Driver family members.

**********

Finally, Brandon with Gary close behind entered the quasi-hospital room,
announcing that the ambulance had arrived. Jason pulled on a pair of
heavy-duty blue nitrile gloves and began walking out of the room towards
the medical transporter parked under the portico to help bring the Marine
inside. Once inside the EMT personnel and Jason made sure the transfer from
the gurney to the hospital bed went smooth. As soon as the Marine had been
transferred to the hospital bed Jason slipped off the gloves and put on
another pair of gloves. The medical team stepped aside letting Jason began
his duties checking Ronny's vital signs making him comfortable while all
stood back monitoring Jason work.

"Hey, big guy how was the ride over here?" Jason asked.

"No siren," Ronny answered with a grin, "I'm sure glad my leg ain't all
strung up in the air like it was at the hospital."

Ronny was in a new leg cast from his knee to his foot with only his toes
exposed; however, he was still in the awkward cast on the upper portion of
his body and arms. His fingers stuck out from the cast. After the vital
signs were noted on the chart the nurse wanted to show Jason where and how
to apply the topical on the scars to help them somewhat disappear. Once
that was done Ronny requested some privacy; he needed to take care of
personal business. He asked his mom and the nurse to please leave him alone
and let Jason help him.

"What do you need to do Ronny?" Jason asked.

"I need to take a crap," Ronny said shyly.

Before pulling the privacy screen around the foot of the bed Jason turned
asking the nurse, "Use a bedpan or the bedside commode?"

"I'd like to see Corporal Driver try to get out of bed with your assistance
and use the uplift commode assist," the nurse replied, "He's used it at the
hospital."

"What do you think big guy?" Jason asked, "You trust me?"

"Let's do it," Ronny said, "Semper fi! Do or Die! Before I crap all over
the place."

The nurse stepped around pulling the privacy curtain behind her. She then
began explaining to Jason what he was about to do and how he was going to
place the Marine on the adjustable commode. Jason slipped the white sheet
back making sure that the Marine's private parts were covered. He then
lifted Ronny forward turning him and then moving him to the edge of the
bed. Once at the edge of the bed Jason lowered the bed so Ronny's feet were
flat on the floor. He then put a hospital slipper on Ronny's left foot,
making sure to keep the front of the gown down covering Ronny's private
parts. Once Ronny was on the commode he asked, "While you're taking care of
business can I put a new pad down, or would you prefer I leave to give you
some privacy?"

"Sure, go ahead do what you need to do. I've crapped in front of other guys
before in the Corps."

Jason laughed a little as he placed a new white absorbent pad in the area
of Ronny's buttock on the bed. He then went to the bathroom to fill the
plastic wash pan with warm water and then returned to the room. When Jason
returned Ronny said, "That's the next step for me, learning to get to the
bathroom."

The nurse chirped in saying, "That's right and Jason will be right beside
you. Now I'm going to step out I think you two have everything under
control in here."

Once the nurse stepped out Ronny said, "Jason, I'm done."

"Okay," Jason replied as he stepped in to raise Ronny up off the potty.

In a soft emotional voice Ronny said, "I'm sorry Jason."

"Sorry for what?"

"What you're doing. Hell of way to make a living and I'm sure it's as
embarrassing for you as it is for me."

Jason began wiping the Marine's ass something he'd done a hundred times
before for other veterans at the hospital. In fact, that was his main job;
that and bathing patients, so he was used to wiping asses and washing guys
around their private parts. Jason finished by bathing Ronny's ass crack and
then began to position him on the edge of the bed. Before laying Ronny down
he powdered his back and buttock area. He then easily reclined Ronny onto
his bed mattress turning him into position.

Once all was done Jason pulled the white sheet back up over his patient to
keep him warm, and then went about the cleanup chores. Jason emptied the
waste bucket, wiped the commode down with antiseptic wipes and got things
ready for the next time Ronny needed to relief himself.

Ronny looked at Jason saying, "Thanks buddy."

Jason excused himself from the room to see what was going on with the
others. The EMTs were gone, but the nurse told Jason he'd done an
outstanding job and was noting it in her report.

Mrs. Driver asked, "Anyone wanted a cup of coffee, tea or soft drink?"

"I'll take a cup of coffee if it's no trouble," Jason replied.

The nurse begged off saying that she needed to get back to the
hospital. All went well for the rest of the day. Come dinner time
Mrs. Driver invited Jason to take dinner with them. He accepted, calling
his mother to tell her he wouldn't be home for dinner. Then he returned to
see how Ronny was doing.

"Hey, big guy you need anything? Maybe something to drink?"

"No, I'm okay."

"Your mom invited me to stay for dinner. Is that okay with you?"

"Hell yes, you're probably gonna be eatin here a lot and if you don't watch
out my mom will put some pounds on you," Ronny said with a laugh, "Go on
get the hell out here I'll yell if I need you."

Dinner with the Drivers came and went. Ronny had to pee once so I held his
urinal while he did his business. By 7 PM Ronny was out like a light
bulb. I asked if there was anything else I could do. Mrs. Driver and her
husband told me that I done enough to get some well needed rest. I went
outside got on my crotch rocket and took off for home, thinking about Ronny
as I rode.

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Tue, 26 Jan 2010 15:39:42 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 44

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.  Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as I
wrote an earlier story about a care giver.  This part of the story will
focus on the Marine's rehabilitation and his caregiver.

I want to thank my readers of this storyline and all the compliments on my
writing, but most of all to my readers who stuck with me and have enjoyed
reading the story MHOL. As you have read to this point Ronny has been
wounded and is on his way home. Part II is the beginning of a new era to
the story. Although Gary and Brandon as well as some of the other
characters will remain an integral part of the new storyline Part II will
focus on Ronny's recovery and rehabilitation and Ronny's care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave

By Randall Rumper

Part II

Ronny's Care Giver

Chapter 44: Awaiting Ronny's Arrival

Jason departed leaving Ronny and his mother in the hospital room
together. There had been a few set backs to the Marine's recovery since he
arrived at the VA hospital. Some of the antibiotics and pain medications
he'd been prescribed were having side effects. Also, there had been bouts
with nightmares. The family had been hopeful that Ronny would be home for
Christmas, that didn't happen.

They were sure he would be home for New Years, but that didn't happen
either. Once again it was a waiting game. On the way home Jason had a lot
of time to think about what he was letting himself in for as a care giver
to the injured and recovering Marine. Not only was he being entrusted with
the care of a precious commodity he was being invited into a new family
environment.

The young man would be spending many hours with Ronny and his family over
the next weeks and months. When the young nursing student arrived home that
night his parents were watching television as usual. Jason couldn't control
his emotions, interrupting their viewing he excitedly began telling them
about his new second job taking care of the wounded Marine. He continued
explaining to them about Corporal Driver and his injuries. Jason's parents
had never seen their son so excited about a job before. His parents
commended him on his compassion to help care for another human being,
especially an injured recovering Marine, during what should be his leisure
time.

After explaining things to his parents the newly hired care giver excused
himself to his room. Jason was exhausted. He stripped out of his street
clothes and fell across the bed in nothing but his underwear for a few
minutes before showering. Normally, Jason would shower before turning in
and while in the shower jerk off before going to sleep, but that night he
was exhausted and fell asleep immediately.

During the night Jason's dreams were filled with desire for the young
Marine. Not an injured Marine, but a virile specimen. Jason tossed and
turned on the bed all night long fantasizing about what Ronny might look
like nude and how they could play together; however, knowing that his
patient was an injured Marine and surely a heterosexual, he was therefore
out of his league. Still he allowed himself to dream about Ronny.

The dreams were so intense and vivid that Jason had a wet dream that night,
something that he had not experienced in years. For the next few days he
visited Ronny when he had a spare few minutes wondering what was under the
sheets covering the Marine's broken body.

Jason, a gay college freshman, had been anxious about meeting the Marine at
first. He had learned early in his teen years how control his lust around
naked men in the locker room while playing sports, but touching another
male in more private areas might prove difficult. Since the experience
touching Ronny's fingertips and looking into his eyes he was starting to
have doubts whether he was going to be able to control his burning desire
for the Marine.



At nineteen Jason had not yet found a life partner. He hadn't fooled around
with anyone during his elementary or high school years for fear of being
turned out by classmates or friends, so he kept his homosexual feelings to
himself. The fear of being discovered forced him into seclusion, keeping
his feelings and sexuality identity bottled up inside. Jason desperately
wanted a lover. Someone he could hold and make love with ever night of his
life. Jason awoke the next morning to a sticky dried mess in his
underwear. He stripped out of his shorts and headed for the shower. After
he finished showering he got dressed for school.



His mother was fixing Jason some toast to go with his orange juice and hard
boiled eggs as he arrived in the kitchen. Once he consumed the light
breakfast the young student was out the door and off to school. At school
he couldn't get his thoughts off Ronny. As Jason sat in the campus quad
between classes his cell phone went off. He answered with a cheerful,
"Hello."

Mrs. Driver asked, "Can you start Friday following New Years? If all goes
well they'll be transferring Ronny home Friday morning sometime between ten
and noon," Mrs. Driver told Jason?"

"Sure, I don't work at the VA on Fridays."

"The hospital is transferring Ronny by ambulance to our house, and Ronny
asked that you be there when he arrives if you could. The rest of the
family will be there to meet him also. So, if you could be at the house no
later than ten Friday morning I'd appreciate it. Ronny's home health nurse
and other medical types as well as a social worker will be here. We can all
go over a few things with you."

"Why don't I get there about nine, not on the clock of course, just be
there a little early."

"That would be great Jason," Mrs. Driver replied, "There'll be coffee and
pastry waiting when you arrive."

"Look forward to seeing you all Friday morning," Jason replied before
disconnecting the phone.

After the call confirming Ronny's transfer Jason made sure that he took a
few minutes out of his free time each day sometimes at lunch to pop up and
visit Ronny in his room. The day of Mrs. Driver's call Jason popped in to
see the Marine saying, "Ronny, it was great meeting you the other day. I
look forward to seeing you next Friday morning at your home, and help with
your recovery," Jason said gently touching Eric's big toe covered with the
white sheet.

"Look forward to seeing you again Jason," Ronny said with a big smile,
"Stay for a few minutes if you can."

"Sure."

The two young men talked for a few minutes before Jason had to excuse
himself to go back to work. He didn't want to leave the Marine, but he had
to get back to his duties.

"See you Friday Corporal," Jason said departing the hospital room to return
to his duties.

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Tue, 5 Jan 2010 10:01:08 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Part II Chapter 43

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.  Part II of the story may sound familiar to some readers as I
wrote an earlier story about a care giver.  This part of the story will
focus on the Marine's rehabilitation and his caregiver.

I want to thank my readers of this storyline and all the compliments on my
writing, but most of all to my readers who stuck with me and have enjoyed
reading the story MHOL. As you have read to this point Ronny has been
wounded and is on his way home. Part II is the beginning of a new era to
the story. Although Gary and Brandon as well as some of the other
characters will remain an integral part of the new storyline Part II will
focus on Ronny's recovery and rehabilitation and Ronny's care giver.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Part II
Ronny's Care Giver

Chapter 43: Ronny Meets His Care Giver

Jason Cox worked as an internship at a regional VA hospital four afternoons
a week. He was enrolled in a nursing program at the local college. When
Jason graduated from high school he entered college under a program to
become a nurse. He would do his first two years at the local college to
save money taking General Education courses and getting practical exercise
as nurse's aid before transferring to the state university to complete a
four year program where he'd receive his Bachelors of Science degree in
Nursing. Once the degree program was complete he would then take licensing
exams to become a Registered Nurse.

His practical nursing duties at the VA facility were in preparation for him
to become a licensed RN. Although his duties at the hospital were mundane
in nature as a nurse's aid the work provided hands on experience working
with patients in different stages of recovery. Provide spending money, but
moreover the job gave Jason a sense of accomplishment and purpose in life.

The college freshman was on his way to the canteen at the VA facility for a
bite to eat before starting his Monday afternoon shift; however, before
going through the line to order his food he stopped to browse the bulletin
board. There on the bulletin board Jason noticed a handwritten help wanted
notice. The white piece of paper was requesting a person with some
expertise in basic care giving to help care for a wounded Afghanistan war
veteran. The note described duties: Wanted a part-time person to help
provide Aid and Attendance, assisting with therapy, appointments, preparing
light meals and providing personal hygiene. The last two lines dealt with
certain job criteria. The words Provide Companionship had been capitalized
and underlined as well as individual must be Compassionate, Dependable
Punctual and Have Own Transportation.

Jason tore off one of the little two by one inch tags at the bottom of the
notice with an area code and phone number printed on it. He put it in his
wallet and would call later after he got off work. At the time little did
Jason know how the phone number would affect his life. The young intern
continued through the food line at the canteen. He paid for his food and
found a table where he could eat, forgetting about the tab of paper he'd
stuffed into his wallet for the time being.

For the rest of his shift he went about the routine duties assigned him by
the hospital nursing staff, caring for recovering veterans. When he got
home that night he tossed his backpack on the bed in his room. He emptied
the pockets of his pants, throwing his wallet on top of the dresser; it was
at that time he remembered the piece of paper he had tucked into it with
the phone number printed thereon and decided to respond, inquiring about
the job.

A female voice answered the phone. Jason told the women on the other end
that he had seen the notice for a part-time care giver on the bulletin
board at the VA hospital. The two chatted for a few moments before Jason
began explaining the types of duties he normally preformed at the
VA. Mrs. Driver explained what she expected, and then the she asked Jason
if he could come by Thursday evening after work for a personal interview.

Ronny's mother needed a person who could work a few hours a week from
Friday to Sunday providing aid and attendance as well as respite
care. Jason assured the woman that he felt he could handle the job. She
told Jason she would be expecting him at eight sharp to meet the family
one-on-one. Jason agreed and hung up the phone.

**********

A little before eight Thursday evening Jason rang the doorbell. An
attractive woman in her forties answered the door with a big smile. She was
immediately impressed with Jason welcoming him into her house. Jason
appeared to be at least six feet three or four inches with a muscular
physique. She knew from what she was seeing that Jason was big enough to
handle her son comfortably without any assistance.

Mrs. Driver and Jason walked into the spacious living room of her home and
began introducing him to the family. She asked, "Jason, would you care for
a cup of coffee or tea before we get down to business?"

 "Coffee will be fine ma'am."

Mother Driver departed for the kitchen to get Jason's coffee. Mr. Driver
began engaging Jason in small talk as Brandon, Janie and I sat quietly
observing. Mrs. Driver returned with Jason's cup of coffee placing it on
the coffee table in front of him before interviewing him while Mr. Driver
continued asking a few questions. After a few sips of his coffee it was
time to discuss the job; discussing Jason duties, hours, and pay. For Jason
it sounded like a cake job as well as time and place where he could study
when not looking after the patient. Mrs. Driver said that her son was
recovering in the Navy and would be transferred to the VA hospital where he
worked in a week or so.

Mother Driver invited Jason to follow her into the downstairs bedroom to
see how it was equipped. The family had spared no expense equipping the
room with everything needed to speed up Ronny's recovery. As the two walked
off together Brandon blurted out softly, "He's a Big'Un!"

"Yep," I replied,

Janie all starry-eyed exclaimed, "Oooh, what a hunk!"

I whispered to Brandon, "Did you see the feet on that Dude?"

"Yeah," Brandon whispered back giggling a little saying, "I wonder if the
dick is the same size as the feet?"

We continued talking about the potential caregiver waiting for the two to
return. The big entertainment room in the Driver home had been converted
into a fully functional state-of-the-art orthopedic hospital recovery and
rehabilitation room, so Mrs. Driver was taking her time showing the room to
Jason. Jason was immediately awe struck by the way the room had been
equipped and laid out. Jason thought to himself, the Drivers had spared no
money when it came to Ronny's recovery room. After a short tour of the room
that would be home for the recovering Marine veteran the two returned to
the living room.

"What do you all think of Jason?" Mrs. Driver asked the family.

Everyone smiled and gave Jason unanimous thumbs up. Mrs. Driver then went
about discussing wages and a few benefits that went with the job. Jason was
tentatively hired and would become part of the extended family, if he
passed muster with Ronny when they met at the hospital in a few days.

"I'd like for you to accompany me to the hospital after my son arrives if
possible to meet him before we seal the deal." Mrs. Driver requested.

"Certainly," Jason replied.

The two exchanged cell phone numbers to stay in touch.

**********

When Mrs. Driver found out the day Ronny was to arrive at the hospital she
called Jason to begin setting up an appointment date to meet her son. The
day of the meeting the two met in the main lobby of the hospital. Jason was
early as usual. He was engaging in conversation with one of the nursing
supervisor when Mrs. Driver arrived.

"Mrs. Driver this is one of my supervisors, Jane Pearson. Jane this is
Mrs. Driver, Corporal Ronny Driver's mother," Jason said introducing the
two.

"Mrs. Driver, let me assure you that you've made an excellent choice
considering Jason for the job to help with your son's recovery," Nurse
Pearson said, bolstering Jason hiring.

"Yes, I think he will do a fine job. Now comes the hard part, meeting Ronny
and convincing him that he'll need a person to help him, especially with
personal hygiene chores."

"Good luck with that on," Jane said, "Military men are sometimes hard to
accept another person helping in that area, so I think I'll accompany you
all if you don't mind. Maybe my presence will help."

"Thank you," Mrs. Driver replied.

The three got on the elevator to go up to Ronny's room. On the ride up in
the elevator the nursing supervisor briefed Jason as to Corporal Driver's
injuries, describing the broken bones, burns and lacerations. She assured
Mrs. Driver and Jason with all the proper care Ronny should return to a
relatively stable individual after a few months of care and rehabilitation.

Once in the room the nurse brought up the lighting in Ronny's room. The
light revealed what appeared to be a young man covered by a white sheet
sleeping lightly. The upper half of Ronny's body was in a cast from his
neck to mid torso. His arms were sticking straight out supported by braces
standing out at an angle from his body, only his fingers were visible.

There where machines monitoring vital signs as well as IV bags hanging off
stands with plastic tubes disappearing beneath the white sheet that was
drawn up over Ronny's legs to the bottom of the cast. His right leg was
elevated. From what Jason could see the Marine in the bed appeared to be
around his age, maybe a year or two older.

"Corporal, this is Jason Cox," The nursing supervisor said introducing the
two.

"He's the young man I told you about that will be assisting us with your
recovery and rehab, if you approve," Ronny's mother said.

"Hello Corporal," Jason said cheerfully, "I guess we'll be seeing a lot of
each other in the next weeks if you agree with your mother's choice about
hiring me."

"Hello Jason," Ronny said sleepily, "I'd shake hands, but as you can see
I'm not up to it yet. By the way knock off the Corporal shit, Ronny is
fine."

Jason reached out tenderly taking hold of Ronny's fingers on his right hand
that were protruding from the cast and said, "I look forward to keeping you
company and helping you recover, Corporal."

"I just want you to know I sure hate to be an imposition. I'm sure you have
better things to do with your life than feed me and wipe my ass."

"Ronny!" Mrs. Driver exclaimed, admonishing her son for his crude language.

"It's the truth, Mom. He needs to know what he's getting himself in for,"
Ronny replied.

"For a war hero who was wounded in action serving our country it would be
my honor and pleasure to feed you and wipe your ass until you get back on
your feet, Marine."

The one thing Jason had learned working in the VA hospital was to give
wounded, recovering veteran's compassion and respect. Jason focused on
Ronny's body lying in the adjustable hospital bed; the braces on each side
of the body cast supporting his outstretched broken arms. He looked so
innocent and vulnerable lying there.

"Jason, are you sure you really want to spend your weekends playing nurse
maid to me?"

"Yes," Jason said with a big smile, "Yes I do, it would be an honor to help
a hero get back on his feet."

Ronny looked into Jason's eyes; their eyes locked together in a karmic
bond. Ronny knew immediately that he wanted Jason to be his part-time care
giver and companion. "Mom, he's the one. Jason is the one. I want you to
hire him now!"

"Okay son."

There was kismet bond between the two. Some would call it chemistry;
whatever it was, the two boys took to each other immediately, and would
share the next weeks and months together as a team. Ronny, who had been in
somewhat of a depressed state since the helicopter crash which left him
with the injuries, felt a new sense of renaissance. In the few minutes
since meeting Jason, Ronny appeared more vibrant than ever since returning
to the United States from the hospital in Germany.

As the two explored each other's eyes they were secretly looking into the
other's soul while Mrs. Driver and the nursing supervisor stepped back to
see how the two were interacting. Both felt that Ronny and Jason had
established an immediate special connection. When Jason touched Ronny's
finger tips he felt a phantom charge of electricity surge through his body
as well as the twinge of arousal in his underwear.



[Okay my readers this is the new twist to the storyline. What do you
think?]

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Sun, 3 Jan 2010 11:31:27 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 42

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 42: Meeting with Mrs. Driver

I left campus to meet with Brandon and his mom for our secret meeting. As I
rode towards the rendezvous with destiny I was again stung by pain in my
heart. There was pain I felt for Ronny when he learned about Brandon and
me, and then there was the pain knowing that Brandon and I had betrayed
Ronny's trust by getting involved and how he was going to react.

Once Brandon and I disclosed our secret to his mom we knew that there was
no turning back. We would be out to the female side of the family, at
least, as a gay couple, and then at some point down the road it would be
about Ronny. I'd never considered myself gay. I just grew up enjoying sex,
especially with guys, but there was never any romance involved. Now, those
carefree days of promiscuity were over. Finally, it was time to admit that
I was in a committed relationship: a relationship with my best friend's
brother.

As I arrived at the little café Brandon had chosen I parked my bike where
I could keep my eye on it and hung my helmet on the handlebar. I took my
time, stalling for time. In a way I wanted this meeting, but in a way I
didn't. Once inside I spotted Brandon and his mom sitting in a corner
booth. I took my seat across from Brandon with Mrs. Driver in the middle of
the curved seating arrangement. The waitress brought me a glass of water
asking, "Are we ready to order?" We all ordered a light meal before we
began discussing the inevitable conversation.

"Okay boys what's this about? Brandon said that you both needed to meet
with me."

Brandon looked across the table at me and I looked back neither of saying a
word.

Finally, Brandon spoke up saying, "Mom, Gary and I are..."

Before Brandon could finish his mom said, "Okay, you boys are gay and
you're dating. Are you in love?"

We both looked at Mrs. Driver with looks of surprise stuck to our
faces. Janie was right about the two of them knowing about us. Mrs. Driver
said, "Boys, I've known for sometime, but the timing to unveil this is a
strain with Ronny coming home and all."

"Yeah," We both answered in unison.

"Have you two thought about Ronny and his feelings when he finds out?"

"Yes," Brandon replied, "That's why we ask for this meeting with you. We
need help from an adult as to how to handle the situation."

"Yes, I'll bet you do, especially Gary."

"Why me Mrs. Driver?"

"Because when Ronny left you two were an item as they say."

"You knew about Ronny and me?"

"Do you think I'm blind?" Mrs. Driver replied, "For Christ sakes boys, I've
been around this world for a while. You can try to disguise things, but
mothers always know what's going on with their children."

Brandon and I both began to well up with emotions. Mrs. Driver reached over
taking both of our hands into hers saying, "Brandon you're my son, Gary
you've been like a son to me for a long time and I don't want any of my
sons hurt; therefore, I think that over the next few days before Ronny
comes home you two need to do some soul searching and come up with a plan
as to how you're going to explain things to Ronny."

As Mrs. Driver finished the waitress arrived with our orders. We all ate in
awkward silence. Instinctively Brandon and I knew the wise old mother was
right and we needed to come up with a plan before Ronny arrived. Before we
left the restaurant Brandon's mom told us that our secret was safe with her
and Janie.

The next few days were filled with anxiety and guilt, but we managed to
come up with a plausible plan. For the most part we were going to play
things by ear, see what condition Ronny was in and then at the proper time
drop the bomb. In the meantime Mrs. Driver was making arrangements for a
Christmas home coming while Brandon and I worked getting the outside lights
and Christmas decoration up in preparation for Ronny's homecoming.

**********

The Friday before Christmas the Driver family got word that Ronny was on
his way home. Ronny would be transported by way of military aircraft to the
airport and then by ambulance to regional Veterans Administration
Hospital. Once there Ronny would be evaluated by a team of doctors before
anyone other than his parents were allowed to see him. Then after a full
examination and further medical procedures he would be allowed to come
home. Everything was ready for the day Ronny would be transferred to the
Driver home. Ronny's mom and dad had attended previous meetings with the VA
medical team and Marine Corps coordinators.

As soon as Ronny was situated in his room at the VA hospital Mr. and
Mrs. Driver would be allowed to visit him. The few days before Christmas
were filled with joy and sorrow. We were all joyful that our Marine would
be close, but we still didn't know if he would be allowed to be with us for
Christmas Day. Brandon and I had been somewhat distant with each other
since the meeting with Mrs. Driver.

We hadn't engaged in any sexual activities since before the meeting. Both
of us were becoming horny and somewhat sharp with each other. We needed to
be together, to make love. Finally, Christmas Eve after the family dinner,
festivities and midnight church services Brandon and I stole away, using
the ploy that we were going to a friend's party. Instead we ended up at my
apartment where we made love well in the early hours of Christmas Day,
almost dawn.

After we finished sexually satisfying each other we got up showered, shaved
and left for Brandon's house where Mrs. Driver would be preparing a
sumptuous Christmas morning breakfast. Once we arrived Mrs. Driver was in
the kitchen preparing the meal. Brandon and I said hello, grabbing cups of
coffee before sitting down at the table.

"So, where is everyone?" Brandon asked.

"Janie and your dad are still asleep," Mrs. Driver said, "Your dad had a
tow this morning about two. Drunk driver got pulled over before he could
cause and accident, so dad was called to tow the guy's vehicle and didn't
get back until almost four this morning."

"Gary and I should have stayed around instead of partying and taken the tow
for dad."

"Brandon, you and Gary have done so much around here getting things ready
for Christmas. In fact, all you kids have been great helping out. I've so
consumed with coordinating Ronny homecoming, getting things ready around
here and all the holiday stuff."

"So, what are the plans for today? When are we going to see Ronny?" Brandon
asked.

"I figure as soon as dad and Janie get up we'll have breakfast and then
open presents before going to the hospital. I thought we'd try to be there
with Ronny for the noon dinner," Mrs. Driver said.

"Cool," Brandon replied.

"Oh, I posted a notice at the hospital for a part-time care giver,"
Mrs. Driver announced.

"Mom, you know Gary and I will help," Brandon said.

"Yes, I know you will baby, but I want you guys to go ahead and attend
college and go to work. Your dad needs both of you. Besides, I think either
the VA or Marine Corps or both will pick up some of the costs."

Mom Driver sat a plate full of hot buttered Danish pastry in front of us
before she sat down with her coffee. After another couple cups of coffee
and pastry Janie appeared and shortly thereafter Mr. Driver showed up,
wanting to know when breakfast would be ready. We all ate a grand Christmas
breakfast, opened a few gifts and then piled in the SUV for the trip to the
hospital.

"You kids haven't seen Ronny yet. I don't want you to act surprised by what
you see. I've tried to brief you all on Ronny's condition, but he looks
worse than he is. He's going to be good as new after a few weeks,"
Mrs. Driver advised.

"You all treat him just as if he were...," Mr. Driver started to say, but
he was choking up.

I'd never seen Mr. Driver cry before, but from the back seat I could see
the tear rolling down his cheek. Mrs. Driver reached over patting his face
with her handkerchief. Soon we were at the Hospital along with many other
visitors belonging to the wounded being cared for inside.

Before going up to Ronny's room Mrs. Driver wanted to check on the notice
she'd put. She looked at the bulletin board in the lobby. None of the
little tabs with her phone number were missing. Next she went to look at
the board at the canteen. That site revealed that three of the little tags
were missing. She smiled.

Once Mother Driver had made her rounds we made our way to the Ronny's
room. Mr. and Mrs. Driver went in first and then Ronny's mom returned for
the three of us. Although Ronny was in relatively good spirits I was
overcome with a gamut of emotions by what I was seeing. I felt sorrow
looking at Ronny, remembering what he was like before he left. Then I felt
pangs of guilt for betraying him. Suddenly, I had to turn and walk out of
the room my eyes filled with tears.

Mrs. Driver noticed and followed me out into the hallway saying, "Gary,
don't cry. That's the worst thing you can do according to the doctors we've
spoken to recently. We all have to be strong for Ronny."

"Yes, I know. I just want to touch him and kiss him," I said.

"I understand and you can kiss him on the forehead, touch his toe or finger
tips when you go back in there. Go to the men's room and wash your face up
before going back into to see him," Mrs. Driver said sternly, "And then
show him how much you love him."

I washed my face up and returned to the room with the family. Ronny was
smiling and joking with his family when I arrived. He was thanking them for
the care packages sent from home as well as all the letters and e-mails.

He then looked over towards the door asking cheerfully, "Where you been
Mopey?"

"In the restroom. So, when you comin home Big Bad Marine?"

"The docs say that if all goes well I may be at the house by New Year's Eve
or the week after New Years. They've got a couple of minor surgeries
scheduled, but nothing serious that was all done in Germany and the Navy
Hospital here in the states."

"Cool," I said, "So, what kind of surgery?"

"A couple of minor skin grafts to cover the burns."

Ronny seemed in good spirits for all he'd been through. "Well, everything
is ready and waiting for you when you arrive."

"Yeah, Mom and Janie have told me about everything that's been done. I'm
lookin forward to gettin home," Ronny said.

We continued visiting until the nurses started running people out late in
the afternoon. Christmas Day with Ronny was over. Before we left we all
took our turns kissing Ronny. He was turning a little red with all of us
fawning over him. We all rode back to the house except Mrs. Driver. She'd
been given special consideration and allowed to stay into the night. One of
us would return for her when she called later.

When we arrived back at the Drivers there was food waiting that Mrs. Driver
had prepared; there was spiral ham, potato salad, baked beans and other
foods waiting to be consumed. After we ate and cleaned up, Brandon told his
dad that he'd take any runs for the night.

Mr. Driver turned in while the three of us remained in the living room
talking about the day's events. Eventually, Janie went off to bed and
Brandon and I set up watching television. About midnight the business phone
at the house went off. It was police dispatch. They needed two tow trucks.
Brandon and I jumped up heading towards the shop where I picked up the
second truck and then sped off onto the freeway. Christmas was over now it
was time to clean up the mess and wait for new beginnings.

[Part II will be the next chapters and introduction of a new character to
the storyline.]

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Tue, 8 Dec 2009 14:30:05 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 41

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 41: Discovery


As Thanksgiving came and went Brandon and I were becoming more involved and
committed to our relationship. When the Drivers returned from visiting with
Ronny over the Thanksgiving holidays they brought back good and bad
news. The good news was that Ronny would be transferred from the Naval
hospital to the local VA hospital for recovery and rehabilitation sometime
before Christmas. We all were ecstatic over the fact that we all would able
to spend Christmas together. The bad news was that Ronny's injuries were
serious enough that it was going to take weeks of recovery and serious
rehabilitation before he could even get out of bed let alone stand on his
own to take care of his personal needs.

Apparently, Ronny's body had been crushed so badly by the helicopter crash
that the doctors had to use special titanium hardware to reconstruct his
arms and leg. Initial prognosis was that he would walk and use his arms
again; however, due to the severity of his injuries Ronny more than likely
would not return to active service and be medically discharged from the
Marine Corps.

Ronny would be on what has become known as the Wounded Warrior
Project. Once he completed rehabilitation he would be tested to see if he
was still capable of remaining in the Marine Corps or would he be better
off retiring medically. Knowing that Ronny would be home for Christmas was
uplifting for all of us. The big question that Brandon and I had been
wrestling with every since we found out he was coming home was what and how
were we going to tell Ronny about our new-found relationship.

When Ronny left for deployment to Afghanistan we were kind of committed to
each other, but Ronny had assured me that if I strayed he wouldn't hold it
against me and the same for him. He understood horny, especially young and
horny. My big concern was would he feel the same knowing that I'd partnered
with his younger brother and were now in a committed relationship. What a
dilemma we faced.

Brandon and I had become closer than ever as far as boyfriends since
Thanksgiving. There was a special bond between us. This was not just a
sexual thing any longer for either of us, it was more than that. In fact,
we were worried that we were spending too much time together. We had even
discussed whether we were sending off signals to his parents and others
that we may be a gay couple. The two of us had never used that word before,
but now it was something we had to face head-on.

There was no denying it, we were lovers. I'd even gotten somewhat used to
Brandon's monster cock fitting into my ass. The days and nights after we
got word that Ronny had been injured in the helicopter crash we both had
been struck with pangs of guilt. We prayed for Ronny and promised that we
would never engage in sex with each other again if God would let him
live. That last about two days. As soon as we discovered that Ronny was
going to be okay we were having sex again.

After the family got word that Ronny was going to survive Brandon and I got
back in the saddle again fucking and sucking each other regularly. We had
even been discussing the possibilities of Brandon moving into my apartment
when Ronny got home. Another thing we had been discussing was how we were
going to break the news to Ronny about the two of us. I was torn between my
feelings for Ronny and Brandon as well as guilt over what Brandon and I
were doing.

How could I ever forget that first night Ronny was home on leave and how we
made love in the front seat of Ronny's truck inside Driver's repair
shop. Hell, we fogged up the windows of the truck that night with our
steamy session of sex. And how could I forget all the times that
followed. God, I enjoyed making love to my Marine.

**********

Janie approached Brandon and me one night after the family returned from
spending the Thanksgiving holiday with Ronny questioning us about our
relationship.

She entered Brandon's bedroom and asked, "So, when are you guys gonna tell
Ronny?"

"Tell him what," Brandon replied.

"About you two being a couple. You know, I'm not stupid. I've had a strange
sense for a while that you two were more than friends. Just like you and
Ronny were more than friends," Janie said looking at me with that crooked
smile.

Brandon and I just sat there in total astonishment with pure terror filling
our hearts. We'd tried to be so fucking discreet and now to be busted by
Brandon's little sister. How'd this little girl know, I questioned in my
head.

Brandon spoke up first, "So, you think Gary and I are like boy friends,
like a gay couple?"

"Sure," Janie said, "As a matter of fact mom and I have even discussed the
possibility."

"Oh shit!" Was all I could get out of my mouth.

"You all may pull the wool over Daddy's eyes and others, but not momma and
me. We know what's going on; besides, we don't care. I think you guys are
all super neat and make great couple. I consider Gary like a brother, and
even though I had my eye on you when I got older."

Little Janie; the little girl I thought was so naïve was in fact quite
astute. She'd been sitting around soaking it all in not saying a word.

"So, miss smarty pants you got any suggestions on how to handle our little
dilemma?" I asked.

"Yeah, the truth," Janie replied.

"Well shit, I wish I'd thought of that," Brandon said sarcastically.

"And I think if you two are serious about each other you ought to give
serious consideration to telling the family. You don't have to tell the
world if you don't want to, but at least let momma and daddy know what's
up."

Brandon and I just sat there looking at each other for a while and then I
said, "When would be a good time to do this little goddess of wisdom?"

"That's up to you two. See ya," Janie said as she bounded out of the room.

Brandon and I sat on his bed in total silence as Janie left the room. We
sat contemplating what had just taken place. What was there to say, we'd
been busted. Things were now serious.

"So, what are you thinking?" I asked Brandon.

"I think we need to take mom out for breakfast or lunch in the next few
days before Ronny arrives and discuss things," Brandon said.

"Yeah, I think you're right. Why don't we ask her to have lunch with us
that way we won't raise any suspicions with dad?"

"I agree. You set it up," I said passing it off to Brandon.

"Okay."

"I'm gonna take off and go to my place. Let me know later or tomorrow," I
said as I left Brandon in his room.

I left the Driver's, got on my Harley and rode, riding into the night, to
no where in particular, just riding and thinking. I did my best thinking
riding my bike. There were so many questions to ask myself and answer
before meeting with Mrs. Driver and seeing Ronny in person when he arrived.

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Sun, 6 Dec 2009 12:51:01 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 39 and 40

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 39: Notification

Brandon and I lay on his bed holding each other in a tight embrace. He was
lying on top of me his monster cock embedded inside me. The bedroom reeked
of raw sex and I could feel my cum squishing between us. We were breathing
in rapid gasps. After such an aggressive sexual workout we were both
exhausted and drenched in sweat. I began to take notice that Brandon's
massive member was beginning to deflate; finally, his flaccid fuck stick
fell from my gaping hole followed by sounds of flatulence.

My anus remained open and sensitive to the air. I was sensing Brandon's
creamy cum seeping out of my asshole, running down my crack and collecting
on the sheet. I wondered if I was going to experience soreness or walk
funny at work in few hours after taking Brandon's mammoth monster up my
ass. The thing hurt when he first entered, but after my sphincter became
accustom to the size of his cock, all I could do was keep screaming for
more as Brandon kept plowing the full length of his eight inch cock into my
ass.

The length was not the problem it was the immense girth that had caused the
pain. I remembered clearly every time the pronounced coronal ring of
Brandon's huge cockhead passed over my prostate it was like pleasure jolts
of electricity passing through my body. Both brothers were blessed with
very prominent coronal rings that encircled the base of their cockheads.

Brandon made use of his magnificent glans, making me achieve an
unforgettable orgasm. He fucked me long and hard until I blew the most
intense load of my life. God, there was cum everywhere. There was jizz
juice all over the front of me, on my face, in my hair and on the
sheets. As I had cum much like old faithful Brandon was filling my ass with
his creamy jizz. All in all the pain was worth it.

Brandon looked into my eyes asking, "Did you enjoy that? I hope it was as
good for you as me."

"Oh God Yes, that was so fuckin unforgettable. You definitely rocked my
world baby. I've never been fucked like that in my life," I replied, "you
must have plowed me for like a half hour before we came together."

"What about my brother?" Brandon asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Who is the best between us?" Brandon asked.

"You and Ronny are two different people. There is no competition. You all
are brothers and you both have unique styles for making love and you both
are great when it comes to making love," I said not wanting to short change
either brother.

"Are you sore or does your ass hurt?" Brandon asked.

"A little, but it was worth the pain."

"After we shower maybe I can give your asshole a little massage," Brandon
said with a smile as he looked at the clock radio, "let's go shower."

Brandon knew I enjoyed getting finger fucked. He pulled me up off the bed
onto my feet. We walked to the bathroom. I sat down on the toilet to
squeeze the remnants of my lover's cum from my asshole while Brandon
tempered the water. We enter the shower one after the other wetting our
bodies and then soaping each other up. Once we finished we rinsed off and
dried our bodies before returning to the bedroom.

Back in the bedroom I lay on the bed watching Brandon squeeze a goodly
amount of the ointment onto his fingers. He then gently began inserting
first one finger and then the second covered with the topical cream into my
asshole and began massaging. Oh damn, his talented fingers felt so good as
Brandon nibbled on my erect pink nipple. As he worked the ointment into my
tender asshole the phone rang. Brand removed his fingers wiping them clean
before answering the phone.

He answered the phone identifying the residence and then was silent for a
few seconds. Within a minute or two I heard him say, "Yes, I'll tell them
when they return," and then he hung the phone up.

When Brandon returned to the bedroom he was white as a ghost. I questioned,
"What's up?"

"It's Ronny, he's been seriously injured and is currently being airlifted
to Germany," Brandon said with a tear in his eye.

"How bad, when..." I went on asking Brandon a string of questions.

"I don't know. The person said that they would call back in a couple hours
with more details. She did say the he had survived the crash and was in
critical but stable condition."

Oh hell, I thought to myself. Here Brandon and I had been laying up in the
bed fucking each other's brains out having the time of our life. All the
while Ronny had been wounded in action. All I could do was hope and pray
Ronny was going to be all right.


Chapter 40: The Aftermath

Needless to say both of us lay on the bed stunned at the news about Ronny,
but thankful he survived the crash. Finally, we got up, got dressed and
then made are way downstairs to the kitchen. As Brandon began making a pot
of coffee I asked, "So, do you think you should call your mom and dad?"

"No, I think I'll wait to see what the next phone call from the Marine
casualty office brings," Brandon said.

"Yeah, good idea."

I sat in silence remembering all the good times Ronny and I had before he
left for Afghanistan while Brandon began preparing some breakfast. I was
wondering how bad his injuries were, hoping that they weren't devastating
disabilities. I glanced up at the clock on the wall; it showed almost 6 AM
Brandon sat a plate of eggs and bacon in front of me and then took a seat
across from me.

We sat talking about this and that not wanting to speak about Ronny or
speculate about his injuries. Suddenly, we heard a car pull into the
driveway. Brandon got up to look out the window. "It's mom and dad,"
Brandon said.

Immediately after saying that the phone rang and Brandon answered it, "Hold
on my parents just arrived."

I got up to open the door and said, "There's a phone call for you
Mr. Driver."

Brandon's father walked over and took the phone from Brandon while I
decided it would be better if I could guide Mrs. Driver and Janie into the
living room. Brandon joined me and we all began talking about the trip.

After a few minutes Mr. Driver entered the living room where he said,
"Don't get upset but Ronny has been injured in a helicopter crash in
Afghanistan. They have stabilized his injuries and he should be arriving in
Germany soon. Just as soon as he arrives and gets processed in we'll get
another call and possible get to talk to Ronny."

Mrs. Driver and Janie began sobbing. Brandon and I looked at each
other. Mr. Driver sat between the women trying to comfort them. Brandon
nudged me to get my attention and we walked back into the kitchen. We
poured a couple cups of coffee for his parents and took them back into the
living room.

Once we'd delivered the coffee we returned to the kitchen where I said, "I
think maybe a good idea is to go to work and let your dad take the day off
to be with your mom."

"I agree."

Brandon walked back into the living room to tell his dad that we were going
to work and for him not to worry about coming in right away. Brandon rode
with me. Once we arrived and all the employees were present Brandon called
an impromptu meeting to tell everyone what was up. We all went about our
jobs and sometime after noon Mr. Driver came into work. He called Brandon
into the office to bring him up to date about his brother.

Although Ronny's injuries were serious, both arms broken as well as one leg
and other bruises, contusions and lacerations, he was going to be okay. At
Ronny's request Mr. and Mrs. Driver decided to wait for Ronny to get
stateside in a couple of weeks and not fly to Germany. The days and week
drug on and just before Thanksgiving the Drivers got word that Ronny was
being transferred stateside.

Mr. and Mrs. Driver began making plans to visit Ronny at the Naval hospital
for Thanksgiving. Brandon and I would stay at home to watch the store while
the parents and Janie made the pilgrimage to visit Ronny. Brandon's parents
would be gone a week and Mrs. Driver asked me to stay over with Brandon
while they were away. The day arrived for Brandon to take his family to the
airport.

Once Brandon returned from the trip to the airport I was waiting for him at
his house. We hadn't engaged in sex since the morning of notification. Both
of us were horny, but out of respect we had refrained from any sex play. As
Brandon burst through the backdoor I met him with a big kiss. He began
pulling me along with him upstairs to the bedroom. When we arrived in his
room we began to ask each other a series of questions.

"What are we going to do when Ronny comes home?" Brandon asked.

"I don't know. When is he coming home?"

"Hopefully he'll be home or in a hospital close by for Christmas," Brandon
said.

"What are we going to tell him about us?" I asked.

"I think we should tell him the truth," Brandon replied, "but right now I
need you to suck me, eat me and fuck me."

We both headed for the shower to clean up. After some extended foreplay in
the shower I went after Brandon with ravenous appetite. We made love like
there was no tomorrow. A little after midnight we'd both experienced atomic
orgasms. The room reeked with the odor of raw sex, reminding me of the
night a few weeks before when Brandon fucked me. We lay spent on Brandon's
bed trying to regain our libido for another round of sex.

As dawn broke Brandon and I were totally exhausted after close to ten hours
of sex. We both got out of bed and took our showers, dressed and headed to
the Waffle Shop for breakfast before work. After finishing breakfast we
made our way to the shop. When we arrived Sheldon, who drove the big tow
truck for Mr. Driver, and the shop manager were drinking coffee discussing
business. Brandon informed the shop manager that his folks were gone to
visit Ronny for Thanksgiving week.

Brandon and I departed the office with Sheldon trailing behind us. He said,
"Well now, both you boys got that twinkle in your eyes like you got some
pussy last night."

"Something like that," I responded.

We all went about our business for the next few days. Brandon and I were
becoming closer as far as boyfriends. We had even been discussing the
possibilities of him moving into my apartment when Ronny got home. We had
been talking about how we were going to break the news to Ronny that the
two of us were together. I was torn between my feelings for Ronny and
Brandon.

---

Untitled (Chapter 20)

Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2009 09:14:25 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 38

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further.

To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 38: Mission Accomplished


Brandon was driving me wild with desire taking his time pleasuring me with
his tongue. I was moaning, groaning and squirming around on the bed
uncontrollably. His tongue was so hot, so talented. He began by using the
tip to tickle my taint and then circle my sphincter. Before I knew it he
was penetrating the outer sphincter band. It wasn't long before he had a
good two inches of tongue up in the cavity between the outer and inner
ring.  I thought for sure the next thing he was going for was my "G" spot.

I didn't know how much longer I was going to last with Brandon's tongue in
my ass. I was filled with anxiety and delirious thinking about him filling
me with his monster cock, blowing a humungous load of creamy cum up inside
me. I glanced at the clock radio and it was almost two in the morning.

We had at least another four hours of foreplay and fuck time before anyone
would be home to bother us. The earlier phone call suggested that it would
probably be seven or eight in the morning before the family returned home
or Brandon and I had to get ready to go to work. Hell, I wanted to take the
day off and lay up in the bed letting Brandon fuck me all day. Brandon
withdrew his talented tongue from my ass, flicking the rim a few times on
the way out: an act that drove me crazy with desire. Standing between my
legs smiling down at me Brandon asked, "You ready for this bad boy,"
holding his massive manhood in his hand.

"As ready as I'll ever be. How we going to do it?"

God that cock appeared bigger than ever before as I looked down upon
Brandon holding his huge member. Although eight inches in length is on the
high side of normal I'd seen a couple of other eight inchers in my life,
but this one appeared super sized. For some reason it didn't seem to be all
that long, maybe because of the tremendous girth.  Brandon interrupted my
thought process and saying, "I think the best way for the first time is for
me to lie on my back and let you squat over me. That way you're in
control."

"Sounds cool to me."

"Let me lube you up real good before we try this."

"Okay."

Brandon stepped from between my legs retrieving a new tube of
Astroglide. With me still on my back I pulled my legs back to my chest
giving Brandon unfettered access to my ass. He began drizzling the clear
gel into my ass crack. Then he began working one, two and finally three of
those long slender fingers full of lube up my ass while the other hand was
squeezing more lube into my asshole.

Once Brandon had my ass packed with Astroglide gel he slapped me on the
buttock and said, "Get up, let's change positions."

I got up, my ass feeling all squishy from the large amount of lube
inside. I let Brandon take his place where I'd been. I squeezed a goodly
amount of clear gel onto the crown of Brandon's big broad cockhead, working
it all around. I got up on the bed standing over him. Still feeling a
little anxious I knelt to my knees, positioning my ass over his crotch
area. I leaned forward kissing Brandon on the lips and then whispered in
his ear, "Here we go."

I eased backwards slowly. My whole body was tense with anticipation, my ass
quivering and throbbing. Suddenly, I felt the big spongy head make contact
with my sensitive asshole and jumped. After settling back on Brandon's cock
I began working my ass around and over the slick crown of his huge
cockhead. I reached around grasping my ass cheeks pulling them apart hoping
to open my asshole for the slick monster. It worked. After a few seconds I
felt the spongy head begin to enter my outer sphincter ring.

Brandon had done an excellent job preparing me to receive his massive
member, but I was still fearful. I needed to do something to relax. This
was one of those times I wished I smoked weed.  I was working my sphincter
in and out expanding and contracting as if I was trying to suck Brandon's
cockhead up inside me. I was working very slowly at first until I felt the
cockhead pop into the chamber between the outer and inner rings. I
grimaced. Brandon smile faded as he saw the pained expression on my face
and said, "That's a start, but I can see it's painful."

"Yes," I said.

Getting the spongy head in was the easy part for me. I let the glans remain
in my sphincter chamber working it around. I eased off the head asking
Brandon to put some more gel in my ass and on the crown of his cock. Once
that was completed Brandon said, "Why don't you turn around with your back
t me before you attempt to take it again."

I repositioned myself and began lowering my ass towards the target finally
making contact with the crown. I began working my ass trying to get the
mammoth cockhead back inside.

I heard Brandon say, "Easy baby relax you can do it," as he reached around
to play with my nipples. The head slipped back into the chamber. I pushed
harder and suddenly felt the head and coronal ring slip past the inner ring
into the rectal cavity. Oh My God, now it really was painful.

"Lean back against me baby and stop trying to take anymore," Brandon cooed
into my ear," as he continued manipulating my nipples and kissing on my
back.

Damn, my ass was on fire with pain, but I'd come this far. I couldn't back
out. Brandon was kissing me and playing with my nipples and before I knew
it his pubic bush was tickling my bottom. My buttock was resting against
him. The pain was still prevalent. I just sat there letting Brandon relax
me as I got used to his huge cock that filled my ass.

"How you feeling now baby?" Brandon asked.

"Better, but it's still painful."

"That's what the others have said," Brandon replied, "You're only the third
person to take the full eight inches."

I couldn't believe it there I sat impaled on eight inches of the fattest
cock I'd ever seen, let a lone take up my ass. The pain was subsiding, but
I could feel every inch of it inside me.

"I want to turn around," I said, "Should I pull off it and reenter?"

"No, just work your way around. You should be able to do it."

I began slowly turning around with the big cock still inside me. It was a
little painful, but I managed to complete the maneuver. Sitting on Brandon
with his cock filling my insides we were smiling at each other when he
said, "Lean forward slowly."

I complied. With Brandon propped up on his pillow we kissed each other our
tongues dueling. We broke apart with me saying, "Oh My God, this is the
most incredible feeling. I just want to stay here in bed with your cock in
me forever."

"Me too, but we're gonna have to think about ending this and get to work
today."

I looked at the clock and the digital readout showed it was 04:45 in the
morning.

"Now that you know you can take it we'll have to do this again," Brandon
said.

"Oh yeah."

I began slowly raising and then lowering my ass moving up and down
Brandon's pole. I rise up until the coronal ring tugged on the inner ring
and then I'd slide all the way down. My head was spinning out of control
with pleasure as my ass slid up and down the massive member. The pace began
to quicken. We were both sweating profusely and breathing rapidly. I knew
we could hold back much longer.

Brandon croaked, "I'm about ready to cum baby."

"Let it go. Fill me with your juice," I squeaked back.

My ass was banging his crotch with rapidity, my hard cock slapping
Brandon's stomach every time I hit bottom. His coronal ring was hitting my
prostate with every pass. I knew I was ready to blow a load. I'd been
leaking every since entry. Then like rockets exploding in mid air we both
came.

I could feel Brandon's powerful ejaculations hitting my insides as mine
cock sprayed. Our cocks were exploding like howitzers sending shells down
range. Our brains had received the command "Fire for Effect" and we were
delivering. Finally, the fire mission was complete, and we collapsed into
each other after two powerful orgasms.

We lay there Brandon still inside me, but I could feel him beginning to
soften. Finally, his flaccid member fell from my gaping hole followed by
sounds of flatulence. I could feel the creamy substance seeping out of my
ass. I wondered if I was going to be sore and if I was going to walk funny
after taking Brandon's monster cock up my ass.

---

Untitled (Chapter 21)

Date: Sat, 10 Oct 2009 14:53:59 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 37

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of erotic writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 37: Preparing For The Big One

Brandon and I lay on his bed in each other's arms those powerful wrestling
legs of his still wrapped around my torso. We were both breathing rapidly
as we were lightly kissing each other. Our hands were roaming over each
other's sweaty bodies. I could feel Brandon's monster cock sandwiched
between us as my wang began withering inside him.

Finally, I felt my cock fall out of Brandon's well-used rectal cavity with
a plop followed by intermittent sounds of flatulence coming from his
bottom. My warm semen began seeping out of his rectum running down his butt
crack onto the bed. There was little doubt we would need to rest for a few
minutes before another round; a round where I would attempt to take all of
Brandon's mammoth manhood up my ass.

My mind was visualizing the idea of Brandon's huge member making its
initial entrance into my ass accompanied by the searing pain. Although I
was not a virgin when it came to getting cornholed I'd never attempted
taking a cock the thickness of Brandon's before; however, I'd been
researching on the Internet in preparation for the auspicious
occasion. Thoughts were flittering through my head about what position
might be best to try the maiden voyage of Brandon's behemoth piece of man
meat making its journey up my Hershey highway to heaven.

I knew that the initial entry was going to be painful as it had been with
other anal lovers; however, I was hopeful for paramount pleasure a few
seconds after Branson initially entered me. Anytime I'd been cornholed
before there was a certain amount of burning pain upon a cock or dildo
first entering my ass, but within a few seconds as my sphincter got used to
the object making entrance into my exit only bodily orifice great pleasure
followed. I wanted to feel Brandon's very broad and prominent cockhead with
its large crimson coronal ring rubbing against my prostate, filling my body
with electricity every time it made a pass across my joy button.

The spongy head would be easy to take. It was the mammoth hard girth of
that shaft that was going to be painful as Brandon plowed the eight plus
inches of steel up into me. I wanted to see colorful aerial rockets
exploding inside my head and the Star Spangled Banner playing in my ears as
he eased into me and began pounding my ass with his huge pulsating pole. I
looked over at the digital readout on the clock radio showing a few minutes
after midnight. We'd just completed over an hour of blissful love making
where we both produced powerful orgasms.

"That was so fuckin great," Brandon whispered into my ear, "I don't think
I've ever cum that much before."

"Me either."

"I just love gettin fucked in my ass, especially when you are the one
filling it, Gary."

"Oh God yes," I replied, "And I love fucking you, Brandon."

"So, you still want to try to take me tonight?" Brandon asked.

"Hell Yes! I just hope I don't end up a whimpering bleeding bitch on your
bed after you're done."

"We're gonna take it slow and easy. May take some experimentin with a few
different positions, but I think we can do it with minimal pain."

"I hope so."

"I bought some special lube that is supposed to make things a lot more
slippery. I also got a special dildo that I think we better use to get you
ready."

"You've thought this through, huh?"

"Yep. I know I'm big and you don't know how many times I've wished I wasn't
so big, but that's life," Brandon replied.

"I hear ya. Some of us wish to be bigger and you want to be smaller. Go
figure," I said looking into Brandon's eyes.

"Are you pretty clean as far as your bowels?" Brandon asked.

"I took a good dump earlier, so I should be empty."

"Why don't you go take a shower and to clean yourself while I get the stuff
ready. Oh, use some of that Irish Spring body wash."

I got up and made my way to the shower where I cleaned myself. I wanted to
be as clean and smell as fresh as possible because I was sure Brandon was
going to rim me before filling my ass with his log. As I stood in the
shower letting the water rain down on me I thought about Ronny. I hadn't
heard from him in a few days. Usually I got an e-mail or he'd call his
parents and they'd relay to me he was okay.

His lack of communication was a somewhat of a worry to me, but maybe he was
getting an early return stateside. I couldn't wait for my Marine be home
and in my arms. The first thing I wanted was to inhale his manly aroma,
make love to him and hopefully he still wanted to make love to me.

Suddenly, the shower curtain came open and Branson with his big cock
leading the way stepped into the shower standing behind me. He pressed his
log between my legs and as I looked down I could see the big pink head
protruding from beneath my darker scrotal sac. He began kissing me on the
neck and shoulders as he was reaching around rubbing my full erect
nipples. His touch was so sensuous.

I was moaning saying to him, "You can take me right here in the shower if
you want, baby."

Brandon just moaned a little while he continued kissing and tweaking my
nipples as he was turning me around in the shower. Oh, I wanted him to stab
me in the ass with that monster resting between my legs. He took the green
plastic bottle of body wash squirting the gel in his hands. As my hands
supported myself on the back of the shower stall one of Brandon's hands
went to the front of my body the other went to my ass crack. Brandon began
stroking my cock with his right hand as the soapy fingers of his left hand
found my sphincter where he began massaging the sweet smelling silky soap
into my ass.

Slowly, he stroked my manhood as he entered my rectal cavity. "Oh yes," was
all I could say.

His right hand moved back to my nipple as his fingers continued searching
deeper into me, stretching my ass, readying it for the big surprise. Again,
"Oh yes. Oh My God," was all I could utter as I moved back bending forward
presenting my ass to my lover.

Brandon's lips were kissing me and I was melting as his hands were fondling
me. I felt him withdraw his fingers from my ass and place his spongy
cockhead against my ass. He'd been rubbing the stretching the opening and I
wanted his cockhead inside me, but he wasn't trying to enter me, just
working the big spongy head against my asshole in a most sensual
manner. Then I felt it rubbing up and down my soapy ass crack. "Oh yes, go
ahead and put it in, baby," I begged.

"Not yet," Brandon whispered, "Come on let's get out and dried off so I can
eat that scrumptious ass of yours before I fuck you."

We dried off and got into Brandon's bed where I was shivering with wanton
desire. Brandon fell on top of me. Again, I could feel the monster sausage
sandwiched between us. Brandon was smothering me, kissing me voraciously
all over my face, ears and neck. He would then bury his tongue in my mouth
nearly sucking my breath away. If he didn't lighten up soon I was going to
cum.

God, what had gotten into him? He'd never acted this amorous before. It was
if this was our first or last time together. I reciprocated in
kind. Brandon began kissing his way down my body towards my bottom. As soon
as he reached my crotch he was kissing my cockhead, then he moved onto my
balls before hitting my taint.

Once he reached my taint I pulled my knees deep into my chest and then
reached around grabbing my ass cheeks pulling them apart to give Brandon
full access to my quivering wrinkled brown pucker. The handsome young
wrestling champion dove in with the same gusto he'd shown on the mat during
his wrestling days at school. I was soon moaning in pure ecstasy.

My lover of the night was taking his time pleasuring me. I didn't know how
much longer I was going to last. His tongue must have been a good two
inches into my rectal cavity. It was so hot. I was delirious thinking about
him filling me with his monster cock. I glanced at the clock radio and it
was almost two in the morning.


*****Note To My Readers*****


[Hello to all my faithful readers. As fall sets in I'm back to work in San
Francisco writing as time permits after an eventful summer at my home in
Florida. A vacation filled with everything from illness to great pleasures
of sex, recreation and leisure. I appreciate all the e-mails I've received
requesting that certain stories not be abandon and to continue writing;
thus, I want to thank all my faithful readers for sticking by me as well as
Nifty for posting my work online.

I still need some feedback, letting me know what you, the readers, think of
the story MHOL and where it's headed as well as my other ongoing stories
posted on Nifty. I've received many responses to the story MHOL; everything
from there is far too much sex in the story to not enough sex, while others
wanted the main character in MHOL to enter into a sexual tryst with Ronny
and Brandon's father and even have a foursome. That's not happening. Oh
well, I can't please all my readers.

One response I get as far as MHOL deals with when is Ronny coming home from
his Marine deployment to Afghanistan; will he come home alive, wounded or
dead and will Gary and Ronny resume their love affair. Most readers didn't
want Ronny killed off for one reason or the other. As you've just
discovered in this chapter Ronny has been spared although he was wounded in
action and will be returning stateside.

The big question is how much longer should I continue the MHOL story line?
Should I work towards a culmination or keep writing about all the
characters herein? Should I, after the revelation that Ronny was wounded in
action, still let Brandon have sex with the main character or break off the
relationship with Brandon and go solely with Ronny? Other responses I've
received relate to circumcision, penis size and certain sexual acts.

Although there may be some truths and certain facts told in my stories
remember these are fictional stories. Yes, I do draw from my personal
experiences. We each have our personal preferences regarding the issues of
circumcision, size and types of sexual act in which we engage or like to
read about. If I offend a reader with my preferences then may I suggest
that the reader doesn't read any further.

Throughout my life I've preferred circumcised lovers; however, I am open to
and have engaged in sex with uncut guys. I've enjoyed a couple of beautiful
uncut cocks back in the day and I try to work these characters into some of
my stories. In fact, the story Christmas Cocks has just introduced a new
partner for the main character who is Hispanic with a modified
circumcision. Another thing I don't care for is the disfigured, ugly, bent
or twisted dicks, so I don't write about them in my stories. I guess I am
truly a snob when it comes to my preference for cocks. I try to keep the
size of my character's penises believable. That is an average size range
from five to seven inches in length and five to six inches girth. Yes, a
couple of my characters do possess the illusive eight or nine inch cock
with girths the size of beer cans or baseball bats, but most characters are
endowed of average size manhood.

As for anal sex I can't speak for others, but I am a bottom slut who enjoys
safe anal sex with the right person. I am not a total top or bottom. I'm a
versatile lover, so I write from the heart about male to male
lovemaking. And finally, yes I served in the military. I draw from the time
I served in the military as food from which to write my stories.

Finally, I may, because of problems I am having with my Yahoo e-mail
provider change e-mail addresses to another e-mail service provider; thus,
I will probably combine the stories under the new e-mail address. Also, I
do not have any part in Nifty's decision making process as to where to
position my stories. They are submitted to Nifty and the editor positions
them under the category they feel is appropriate. I have no choice in
positioning.]

The following are some of my ongoing stories posted on Nifty that I have
authored under different pen names:

Marine Home on Leave by Randall Rumper -- Gay/Military (ongoing); Christmas
Cocks by The Rumpranger -- Gay/Military (ongoing); Anal Awakening, by Randy
Rumper -- Gay/Adult Friends last post 09/11/07 (ongoing, but on hiatus. I
lost the file with all the stories on it.); College Brothers by Randy --
Gay/Military last post 20/07/07 (in limbo until I can resurrect the corrupt
file); Cock Snob by Dick Lickerish -- Gay/College (ongoing); Bi Cousin's
Summer by Dick Licker -- Bi/Incest (ongoing).

If you read or have read these stories give me some feedback. Remember the
only paycheck we as authors who write and post on Nifty get is in the form
of responses from you the reader.

The following stories have been discontinued for many reasons; mostly due
to a complete lack of interest on the part of the readership, that is no
feedback or in some cases very negative or even threatening feedback. In
some cases the author has chosen cease writing for one reason or the
other. If there is ever enough interest to resurrect a discontinued story
please feel free to send the author your feelings about a particular story
on the list:


Weekend Pass in a Texas Town Gay/Military;
The First Time I was Digitally Diddled Bi/College;
Latch Key Kids Turn a Profit Gay/High School last post 01/16/08;
Two Cocks for Christmas Gay/Encounters 12/06;
Envious of Extra Inches Gay/High School;
Tails of Rump Rangers Gay/Military last post 19/04/06;
Smell of War Scent of Sex Gay/Military last post 20/07/06;
California Dreaming 2007
Cyber Boy Friend Gay/Military 2006
The Care Giver 2006
Thanksgiving Day 2004 2005
Anxiety and Guilt 2005
Spring and Sex in Bloom 2005
Boy Meets Sex 2005
Mid Life Odyssey 2003 2004
The Coach 2004
Young Army Buds 2004
Summer of Enlightenment 2004

---

Untitled (Chapter 22)

Date: Fri, 17 Jul 2009 10:07:47 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave: Chapter 36

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 36: Two Hours of Bliss

After a good anal douching, rinsing the soap off our bodies, we were
hygienically clean inside and out. Brandon and I lay on his bed cuddling,
resting so we'd be ready to go again. I looked at the clock radio which
revealed that it was almost ten in the evening. To me it seemed as though
it should be later. The house phone rang. Brandon picked up the cordless
handset answering, "Hello, Driver residence."

After a pause listening to the party on the other end Brandon said,
"Okay. Sure. See you then."

Brandon disconnected the instrument smiling he said, "That was dad they're
staying over night in Bright Bend. They'll be back sometime tomorrow
morning."

We smiled at each other with delight after which we began engaging in a
long soulful embrace. We now had all night to pleasure each other. I was
hopeful Brandon was up for an all-nighter. I knew I was.

"You ready to do it again?" I cooed in Brandon's ear.

"Oh yeah," Brandon said crawling on top of me.

"Oh yeah that big cock of yours feels so good pressing against mine," I
whispered in Brandon's ear.

We frotted a while making out and then Brandon said, "Oh baby fuck me
again."

I discovered that Brandon was a true bottom slut or I had the best cock
he'd ever taken up his young ass. He got up on his bed positioning his ass
up in the air for my full view.

Booyah! There it was Brandon's beautiful booty only inches from my
face. I'd already taken Brandon in the shower earlier now he was ready for
me to rim his ass. Placing my hands on his well-sculpted glutes I let them
roam around exploring the smoothness of his blemish free buns, listening to
him purr like a content cat. The well-developed globes complimented his
muscular body.

Brandon began moaning under my touch, my hands roaming, gliding over his
ass cheeks. My searching hands finally came to rest on each side of
Brandon's butt cleavage. I placed my thumbs in the natal cleft, spreading
the cheeks apart revealing an almost hairless pink pucker. I was licking my
lips, salivating at the luscious sight. With my tongue out of my mouth I
began inching my face towards Brandon's spastic sphincter, quivering with
anticipation.

Once the tip of my tongue made contact with the tightly puckered wrinkly
entrance to Brandon's hot ass he jumped crying out, "Oh yeah! Oh my God!"

The breathless recipient of my tongue's intrusion continued crying out,
trying to wrestle free from the grip on his ass cheeks as the tip of my
tongue continued slowly circling the entrance. That most sensitive area. I
took a break to let Brandon catch his breath and clam down.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yeah," came an excited response, "Your tongue just took me by surprise. I
almost shot my load."

"I'll stop if you want."

"Like hell you will. I've been waiting far too long for this night to come
up short," Brandon replied, "I want you to eat me, take me and make me
yours."

"Oh I plan on doing that."

I moved back to his sphincter that was puckering; a hot throbbing anal
opening that was pulsating with anticipation where I began titillating the
tight quivering rectal muscle once again. I could feel Brandon's heartbeat
coming from his manhole. Methodically, my tongue began circling the wrinkly
area gently pushing my tongue deeper inside with each circular
movement. The deeper my tongue penetrated Brandon's pucker the hotter it
felt. My lips were now forming a lip lock seal around the anal opening
while my tongue thoroughly explored past the first ring.

Brandon was bucking back into my face moaning and groaning loudly, crying
out for Jesus and other spiritual beings. I knew from his mannerisms and
cries I was doing a first-class job eating him out. I released my lip lock
on Brandon's ass saying, "Damn, baby this has to be the finest ass I've
eaten in a while."

I leaned forward with my hard cock resting against his saliva slick ass
crack. As I rubbed it up and down his ass crack I began kissing Brandon's
back and shoulders. In between kisses I told him that he had the finest ass
I'd ever tantalized with my tongue and couldn't wait to slip my hard cock
into him. Even though I was in deep thought kissing Brandon's shoulders I
could hear him begging, "Gary, fuck me, please fuck me."

          "You want me to fuck you now? Or finish eatin you?"

          "Oh Gary feed me that big dick of yours."

          "Do you want me to finger fuck you first?" I asked.

          "No, I'm ready. Get some of the Astroglide from the nightstand,
work it in my ass and fuck me. Oh God fuck me."

          I got the tube of lube from the nightstand drawer and then
proceeded to lube up Brandon's asshole with my fingers. Then I lubed my
cockhead. I stepped forward positioning my glistening glans against
Brandon's pucker. He jumped as it touched. With slow steady pressure I
began pushing my hard cock into Brandon's ass. He yelped when I penetrated
the outer ring. I knew by the way he was working his sphincter that he was
no virgin when it came to getting cornholed. The other boys had fucked him
many times before.

Brandon gasped as the spongy head of my cock continued pressing further
into the opening past the first ring. "Oh Gary, stop wait a minute,"
Brandon begged trying to get used to my cock penetrating his ass.

          I halted, but felt Brandon continue working his sphincter as if
he was trying to suck my cock further up inside his ass. I pulled back
slightly, disengaging and then squeezed a big dollop of lube on the top of
my glans. With my finger I began working some into Brandon's asshole before
I began pushing my cockhead back into him again. I managed to breach the
outer ring with no problem, but once I cracked the second ring Brandon
yelped again.

          Sensing pain I stopped, but again I felt Brandon working his
sphincter muscles trying to take my cock up inside him. "Are you okay? I
asked.

          "Yeah, it's just been a few weeks since I've done this," Brandon
replied.

          "Just try to relax and tell me when you're ready. Who was the
last lucky guy to fuck you?" I asked.

          "My boyfriend that I told you about earlier. His dick is about
the same size as yours, but yours is thicker."

          "Maybe I'll get to meet him sometime," I replied.

          "Yeah, but don't tell him about tonight," Brandon said, "Go ahead
try it again."

          I began pushing my cock deeper inside Brandon's hot
asshole. Finally, I'd breached both rings and was pushing all the way in to
where my bush was tickling his ass. I began rhythmically pushing in and
then withdrawing my seven inches of cock. In and out of his ass just to the
point the head was ready to exit the inner ring and then back in again.

          "Oh God! Give it all to me Gary. Give me all seven inches of your
big beautiful fuckin cock," Brandon begged.

          "You're gettin it all baby."

          I continued slowly stroking in and out of Brandon's hot ass,
enjoying every thrust and withdrawal not wanting either of us to cum too
quickly. I was wondering if I would be able to respond in kind when Brandon
cornholed me with his huge cock. I was apprehensive about letting him fuck
me, but I wanted to try his big piece of meat just once.

I pulled out of Brandon's fine ass rolling him over on his back. "I want to
fuck you face to face baby," I said looking into his eyes, "Besides, you'll
get the full feeling of my knob against your pleasure button in this
position."

          With Brandon pulling his legs back I once again squeezed some
more lube onto his asshole and my knob. Then I began feeding my cock into
his gaping hole. "Baby, just work the head in and out of my ass between the
two rings. That feels so fuckin fantastic," Brandon asked.

"Sure."

I began working just the head of my cock in and out of the sphincter
section of his rectum that is about four centimeters in length. Brandon was
in seventh heaven as I titillated his anal cavity with the bulbous head of
my cock. Then I slid my cock in a little further letting the coronal ring
rub against the prostate gland which brought about more moans of
pleasure. I'd noticed that my cock slid in much easier the second time.

As I looked down upon the angelic face of my best friend's younger brother
I began rhythmically of fucking him watching the expressions on his
face. He didn't appear to be in pain, but more into the pleasure of it
all. I thrust into his hot hole and then eased forward to suckle one of his
hard nipples.

          Brandon began moaning loudly as I licked and sucked on first one
and then the other nipple. By this time he had his powerful legs wrapped
around my torso. I could feel his heels digging into my buttock. I pushed
up his body to kiss his adorable lips. We made out while my cock impaled
its full length in his ass.

          "By now the other guys that have cornholed me already cum,"
Brandon whispered.

          "Not me. I want this to last as long as possible, baby."

          "Thanks. I really appreciate that," Brandon whispered back,
"there ain't nothin better than a good long slow fuckin."

          I'd learned longevity when it came to lasting, and over the years
I'd perfected the process of butt fucking with each time learning little
tricks to help me stay in the saddle longer. For me there was nothing worse
than having a guy blow a load as soon as he stuck his pathetic pecker in my
mouth or up my ass.

          "I want to make this the most enjoyable fuck you've ever had
baby."

          "So far you're doing one hella good job," Brandon said with a big
smile.

          With that said we engaged in more kissing and neck
nuzzling. Every once in a while I would back out and push back into my
lover's hot asshole making him jump with joy.

          "You're the best I've ever had," Brandon said

          "Thanks. You tell me when you're ready for me to finish you off."

          "Don't pull out when you dump your load inside me," Brandon
whispered, "Once you cum leave it inside."

          "Okay."

          "Let's go for the climax," Brandon told me.

          I stood up and began pumping his ass in earnest. As I stroked his
ass while kissing the insides of his knees and thighs which brought more
squeals of pleasure all I heard was, "Oh fuck me baby, fuck me faster."

          I reached down and grasp his buttock to pull him into me as I was
fucking his ass. I felt my orgasm building. I new it wouldn't be long and I
sensed that Brandon was ready to unload too. My lose balls had quit banging
on his backdoor, then it happened. I threw my head back arching forward
slamming every last fraction of an inch of my cock into Brandon's hot
ass. Again and again I shot bullets of spooge up into his rectal cavity.

          Looking down I saw the puddles of cum on Brandon's chest and
abdomen. I knew we'd both achieved simultaneous orgasms. Something I'd only
done with a handful of partners. After thrusting into Brandon's ass the
final time I eased forward lying on top of him. We were both basking in the
afterglow of very satisfying sexual orgasms.

          We lay there our arms wrapped around each other and Brandon's
legs wrapped around my torso lightly kissing each other. I could feel
Brandon's monster cock softening against my abdomen as my wang was
withering. Neither of us was moving. Finally, I my cock fell out of his ass
followed by sounds of flatulence. We would both have to rest before the
next round; a round where I would attempt to take all of Brandon's huge
cock up my ass.

          The digital readout on the clock radio showed a few minutes
before midnight. We'd just completed two hours of blissful love making
where we both produced powerful orgasms.



[This chapter will be it for a while. I have other business projects this
summer; therefore my time will be limited as far as writing projects. I
hope to resume this story later on this summer or early fall. I need some
feedback, letting me know what my readers think of the story and where it
needs to go. How much longer should I continue the story line? Should I
work towards a culmination or keep writing about the characters?]

---

Untitled (Chapter 23)

Date: Sun, 14 Jun 2009 16:12:25 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave, Chapter 35

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 35: Fucking In The Shower

Brandon stood under the showerhead rinsing the soapy residue off his body
while I stood behind him my hands gliding across his broad wet
shoulders. Naturally the head of my hard cock was nestling nicely into the
soft cleavage of Brandon's butt crack. Inching closer dropping my hands
they began circling around beneath Brandon's arm pits. They began moving
around to the front of his body while my cock was moving closer to
Brandon's hot hole. My fingers were in search of his hard nipples. Once I
found them I began manipulating them. Brandon jumped letting out a
surprising "Aah" sound as he settled back against my hard cock.

I knew Brandon couldn't wait much longer for me to cornhole him. I'd
learned earlier that Ronny's younger brother was a bottom slut. That was
what the night was all about for us, me filling his ass with my hard cock
just as I'd done Ronny. I didn't intend to take him quickly I wanted as
much time engaging in foreplay as possible before penetrating his sweet
ass. I wanted Brandon at the peak sexual arousal before fucking him.

In the meantime, my fingers continued fondling Brandon's nipples in a most
sensual manner. After a few moments of nipple play he said, "You know Gary,
you can probably make me cum just playing with my nipples, especially with
that cock of yours resting in my ass crack."

"Well now I wouldn't want to do that just yet would I."

"No," Brandon replied.

"So you let me know if you think you're about to cum."

As I continued playing with his hard nubs the tip of my cock continued
exploring his hot ass crack. I recalled doing the same thing to his older
brother Ronny months before in the same shower. The feelings of my cock
rubbing into Brandon's ass crack were reminiscent of that day with
Ronny. He would jump any time my cockhead made contact with his sensitive
pucker. With each tantalizing touch I sensed tingling sensations throughout
my body.

Cooing contently Brandon tilted his head back turning his face towards my
waiting mouth. Our mouths met. We began kissing as my hands continued
playing with the hard nubs while my cock continued caressing his ass
crack. Our embrace ended. I began kissing his ears and neck. Brandon
whispered, "Oh God, your hot cock is driving me wild."

His hot throbbing ass was driving me wild waiting to penetrate his
pooper. I could hear him whimpering wanting me to fuck him, "Ooouuhhh
Aaahhh! Oh yeah fuck me."

I could feel the shudders throughout his body while was crying out with
pleasure. I didn't know if his cries were from me manipulating his nipples
or my cock rubbing his sensitive pucker. I was trying to think about other
things besides fucking him as I continued playing with his nubs while my
cock was rubbing his ass. I didn't want to ejaculate, but with each touch
of my sensitive cockhead against his hot ass I was closer to losing it.

"Oh God Gary fuck me," Brandon whimpered, "Please fuck me. Use some of the
Irish Spring bath gel to lube me up and then stick that wonderful dick up
my ass."

"You sure you're ready?"

"Oh Hell Yes!" Brandon replied.

"What about a condom?"

"No!" Not this time," Brandon whispered, "I'm ready now!"

Brandon handed me the bath gel as we took a step back from the water
raining down on our bodies. I squeezed some of the gel into my hand and
began rubbing it into Brandon's ass crack, working the slick lather up I
began pushing some into his hot throbbing ass hole. Brandon cried out,
"OOOUUHHH GARY DON'T STOP! FINGER FUCK ME!" As I continued lubing his ass.

After Brandon was well lubed I had him bend forward at the waist, placing
his palms on the back of the shower surround. My cock was well-lathered
ready to begin its journey down Brandon's Hershey highway. I easily pressed
my slippery crown against Brandon's closed anal opening. I felt him working
his sphincter to open up accepting my cock, and then my cockhead popped in
past the first ring. Brandon yelped.

I stopped to let Brandon get accustom to my cock. After a few seconds I
felt him working his sphincter once again trying to draw me in further. I
began pressing forward. The head of my cock breached the second ring with
another yelp. Once I was into his rectal cavity I pushed the full length up
into Brandon's hot ass. He began wailing for me to fuck him.

"OOOUUHH! OH YES FUCK ME! DRIVE THAT MOTHERFUCKER ALL THE WAY IN!"

Damn, I couldn't believe Brandon was becoming so vocal. I began the
rhythmic stroking in and out of his man pussy. I was slow fucking him,
wanting him to beg for more and me to not to cum; also, I didn't want him
to cum.

He continued wailing, "OOOUUHH YES FUCK ME! AAAHHH FUCK ME HARDER! OH BABY
SLAM YOUR FUCKIN MEAT INTO ME!"

I reached around grabbing his big cock I jerked him off while I was fucking
him. I fucked him faster only to realize we both were on the verge of
orgasm.

"YEAAA OOOUUHH YEAAA BABY DON'T STOP KEEP FUCKIN ME! OH YES FUCK ME! JACK
ME OFFF!"

This was one of the best fucks I'd had lately. I was enjoying it as much as
Brandon was enjoying me plowing his ass. I was sure glad no one was home to
hear Brandon. With my hands firmly on his hips I continued thrusting my
powerful cock in and out to the point I was crying out with ecstasy.

Finally, I felt my nuts drawing up and my cock expanding. The intense
feelings I'd experienced just before I'd shoot a load were present. I Knew
I was on the verge and began calling out, "OH MY GOD! I'M GONNA CUM BABY,"
Arching my back driving my cock as far up Brandon's ass as possible.

"OOOUUHH! OH DON'T STOP! OOOUUHH FUCK ME I'M CUMMING," Brandon squealed.

Then suddenly I exploded, pumping shot after shot of my cream deep inside
Brandon. I could feel a warm thick substance shooting from his urethral
opening into my hand. We had simultaneous orgasms. Fucking in the shower is
something I truly love.

---

Untitled (Chapter 24)

Date: Sun, 7 Jun 2009 14:27:06 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 34

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 34: Waning Sense of Guilt

My sense of guilt about engaging Ronny's younger brother sexually that
night while he remained in harm's way was quickly waning. My little head
had taken control of me, overpowering my rational thinking. I was horny as
hell and hot for younger brother's body, especially after him telling how
much he had wanted me over the years. I too had wanted the body beneath
me. We were both sex-crazed teenagers caught up in the moment with only a
couple years separating us. Finally, I broke our torrid embrace rolling
Brandon over off me onto his back.

I stood up looming over Brandon's fully clothed body. I began undressing
him; first his shoes and socks then his T-shirt. His half naked body
exposed made it clear he was no longer the younger brother I remembered
from earlier visits, but rather a virile eighteen year old young man. As I
worked Brandon's clothing off his body I noticed those full lips decorating
his angelic face that I'd been kissing. Brandon possessed softer more
feminine features unlike his older brother who presented the square jawed
rugged appearance.

Both men were endowed with great characteristics and qualities that made
them distinctly unique in appearance. I was captivated by both, and stood
over Brandon admiring his upper torso attributes. Then I stripped off his
lower body garments. There he lay displaying the two most prominent
features on his body. Very succulent puffy nipples and below was the huge
cock at the end of the treasure trail: both were standing tall awaiting my
attention.

The big piece of man meat was throbbing and jumping. Brandon was smiling up
at me as he made his cock jump. I could see every blue bulging vein on the
protruding appendage. Branson's hard cock stood straight out about eight
inches from the pubic mound. His cock was definitely a full inch longer
than his brother or me and a little thicker.

As Brandon lay on the bed in front of me he delighted me by making his cock
bounce every once in a while. He was smiling up at me all the time. I
couldn't resist the temptation any longer I dropped to my knees in between
Brandon's powerful legs grabbing his cock at the base. I began visually
exploring the bulbous cockhead. I could see all the texture lines on the
head of the glans. I began rubbing the pink head all over my face inhaling
the aroma, kissing and licking all over the crown.

Soon I shifted my attention away from the crown to the frenulum area. The
frenulum is that small piece of skin just below the piss slit of the glans,
an area very sensitive to touch. My tongue continued playing with the
little elastic piece of flesh while I was listening to Brandon moan and
groan, telling me how good it felt. I didn't want Brandon to cum yet, so I
began moving down the shaft of the big cock, kissing every inch of it as I
made my way to the base.

Once I reached the base my hands began roaming around, grasping his buns I
buried my face in his beautiful bush. His thick black pubic hair was curly
and soft, smelling so sweet and inviting. Brandon's fingers and hands were
stroking my hair, holding my face close to his crotch, so I could root
around in his bush. Before long I was licking and sucking on his smooth
hairless scrotal sac taking one nut at a time into my mouth. For a teen not
yet into full manhood he had a hefty set of nuts about the size of English
walnuts that I sensed were full to the brim with human honey.

I had to taste his nectar. I needed him to empty the contents of his nuts
into my mouth, so I could swallow every drop of the white, hot, sticky,
yummy semen before fucking him. I took the head of Timmy's cock into my
mouth where I began methodically tongue bathing the crown.

>From what I could see I knew that I could not devour the entirety of the
big tube steak. I would have to be satisfied getting the first two or three
inches comfortably into my mouth. The thing was just too damn big for
anything more; besides, I was not into deep throating.

I continued licking all around the crown and coronal ring listening to
Brandon moan with pleasure each time my tongue made a pass across his
cockhead and then circle the purplish ring. Suddenly, there it was, the
beginnings of precum filling the large opening at the head of his penis. A
pearlescent droplet appeared at the opening on the tip of Brandon's
cockhead. I began licking at the larger than normal opening pushing the tip
of my tongue as deep as I could into the cavernous orifice, scooping out
the contents. I looked up at Brandon saying, "Mighty tasty stuff baby. Let
it all go Brandon I want your full load."

I knew I had Brandon on the verge of ejaculation from the moaning and
groaning as well as his gyrating pelvis bucking up into my face. I felt his
testicles begin drawing up and his cock begin to thicken. The amount of
precum was becoming greater, and then blam the first huge shot of spooge
hit home; then another and another. I was sucking on the bulbous head like
a baby on a tit my tongue working the underside trying to milk every last
drop of dew from Brandon's big cock.

Once I'd drained Brandon's nuts I pulled my mouth off his bulbous knob
swallowing the last of his tasty load. I stood up standing between his legs
I fell forward easily. First, I felt our cock's touching and then our lips
met. Brandon opened his mouth accepting my tongue. He began licking the
semen residue from inside my mouth.

Our lips parted and I said, "Brandon I just wanted the first time I sucked
you off to be the best cum you've ever experienced."

"Am I better than Ronny?" My new lover asked.

"I'd say equal."

I had to handle questions about Ronny with diplomacy as I watched Brandon
frown as if he wasn't pleased with my reply. I assured him that he had a
great cock and very tasty cum to which he smiled back at me. I knew he
wanted me to tell him he was the best, but I could do that because Ronny
and I had history.

"You are going to fuck me I hope," Brandon pleaded, "you know I'm kind of a
bottom slut."

"So am I, so how we gonna handle that?"

"I want you to do me first and then I'll do you," Brandon said, "will you
eat me too?"

"Sure baby. I'd totally enjoy eatin your ass out before fuckin you."

We both got to our feet heading towards the shower to clean ourselves out
before we engaged in any anal play. Finally, I was going to get to do what
I'd only fantasized about.

---

Untitled (Chapter 25)

Date: Fri, 29 May 2009 07:41:52 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapters 32 and 33

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 32: Back to Work

My over the road trucker friend Bill was on the road again and out of my
life. For over twenty-four hours layover, most of it spent with me in my
bed while his truck was being repaired, the two of us managed to fuck and
suck each other sore. I know that my asshole was tender to touch and my
cockhead was a little sensitive too. With Bill's truck repaired and out of
the shop we had breakfast together. The first real solid food we'd consumed
during that period.

Before departing Bill told me, "I'll be thankful for the air ride
suspension on the truck as well as my new air ride seat in the cab. Sure is
gonna make the next few hundred miles much more comfortable on my ass."

"Yeah, I'm a little sore this morning too," I replied.

"You know Gary if I didn't have the long haul trucking job I'd feel
comfortable settling down with you domestically. I think we'd make ideal
companions as well as lovers."

"Bill you're a great guy and equally great lover, and if things don't work
out between Ronny and me I might just take you up on the offer. Maybe even
your co-driver."

After breakfast Bill picked up the load he was promised at the terminal. As
we said our good-byes before Bill headed west I knew he and I would in all
probability never hookup sexually again. My heart was with Ronny at least
until he returned from overseas. I was bonded to him. He was my first true
lover. The question was would my Marine feel the same about me when he
returned.

Communication between me and Ronny had been off of late. What Bill and I
had was a fling; besides, he was a little too old for me. I knew
realistically that both my last two affairs were too old for me, but I was
a horny teenager who wanted to experience it all in short order.

I really needed to get back to the younger crowd, cultivating younger
partners more age appropriate as sexual partners. I was still having
fantasies about Brandon, but never felt comfortable seeking him out, mainly
because he was Ronny's younger brother.

After I'd bid Bill farewell and was walking back to the truck my cell phone
went off. Mr. Driver was on the other end telling me I'd been rehired to
get my ass back to work ASAP. Also, he'd just gotten word that Ronny was
coming home on R and R leave from Afghanistan. I couldn't wait for my
Marine lover to return. I was overjoyed as I disconnected my cell phone,
and then drove straight to the shop.

Back at the repair shop everyone greeted me warmly, welcoming me back to
work. I couldn't believe all the vehicles parked around the shop awaiting
repairs. Mr. Driver told me that with the sour economy and tight credit
people were opting to have their vehicles repaired instead of trading them
in.

As I walked outside into the tow yard Sheldon slapped his big paw on my
shoulder saying, "Glad to have ya back kid. Guess what you're on call
tonight. And I need your help along with Brandon's pullin preventative
maintenance on the big rigs today."

Damn, that was quick. I noticed that Brandon was out in the yard working
with Sheldon and from what I could see they'd become rather chummy. Brandon
rushed up to me saying, "Guess what?" Shaking my hand to welcome me back,
"Sheldon has been taking me on some big rig tows since you've been off. He
even let me drive a couple times."

"Yeah, Sheldon is a good teacher all right," I replied looking over at
Sheldon skeptically.

I secretly hoped that Sheldon hadn't been taking advantage of Ronny's
younger brother. He was just eighteen. Far too young for Sheldon I thought
to myself; besides, he was more inline for someone my age. At almost twenty
I was much better suited as a sexual mentor than the old troll Sheldon.

I wondered whether Sheldon was teaching Brandon more than tow truck
duties. I'd never known Brandon to have a steady girlfriend. Now, hearing
that he and Sheldon were buds was a little unnerving. I knew what Sheldon
was capable of. I didn't want to see him take advantage of sweet innocent
Brandon and then kick him to the curb after fucking him. Besides, I'd had
designs on Brandon's ass for a long time, just never felt I could act on
them.

Ty had told me at our first meeting that the three of them fooled around
sexually, but that might have been teenage sexual experimentation. Now that
Brandon was out of school and over eighteen I was free to pursue him if I
chose.

Brandon approached me at lunch time asking, "You want to go to lunch Gary?"

"What about you and Sheldon?" I questioned almost as if I were a jealous
lover.

"Sheldon and me don't do lunch."

"I noticed that you and Sheldon were kind of chummy."

"Dad just wants me to get the hang of big rig towing, that's all," Brandon
replied, "While you were gone I was drivin your tow truck. He's been
teaching me towing stuff the past few weeks."

"Cool. So, when's Ronny comin home," I asked as we departed for lunch.

"Not really sure and he wasn't sure when he talked to dad," Brandon
answered.

As we ate I looked across at Brandon and finally knew what was different
about him. I asked, "So, when did you grow the mustache and little soul
patch?"

"I started the moustache after graduation and the soul patch a few weeks
ago. Cool don't ya think," Brandon said pulling on the small patch of black
hair on his bottom lip.

Brandon and I continued taking lunch together after I returned to work. We
also began hanging out more and more after my return. I sensed he might be
covertly flirting with me during this time, but wasn't sure. He hadn't paid
that much attention to me before I was laid off. I was just playing along
enjoying his companionship.


Chapter 33: Surprises

As the days waned I was becoming more concerned not hearing from Ronny. I
was hopeful that he was still coming home on leave. I'd had dinner with the
Driver's on occasion since returning to work, and asked about the number
one son. No one had heard anything from him; no letters, phone calls or
e-mails.

No one seemed to be too worried because he'd gone weeks without
communication before. The following day at work Branson approached me
asking, "You want to come over tonight for a cook out. Nothing special,
just burgers, beans and beer."

"Sure, what time?"

"About six. We can shoot the shit, fart and piss," Brandon said laughingly.

"Cool, see ya then," I replied chuckling at his weak humors remark.

I figured this was just an innocent invitation for dinner. I showed up and
no one was home except Brandon. I asked, "So, where is everyone?"

"The family left earlier to visit our aunt in North Carolina and probably
would not be back until the next morning. Burgers and beans are on the
grill. Here have a cold one," Brandon said before I sat down at the table
on the patio.

"Thanks."

"I bet you'll be excited to see Ronny when he gets home, huh?"

"Yeah, I sure I've missed him," I replied, "Has anyone heard from him
lately?"

"Nope."

"I hope he's okay."

"Yeah, me too," Brandon replied, "Bet you'll probably be glad to see him in
a different way than us."

"How's that," I answered.

"You know, you two have kind of a special relationship goin on."

"Yeah, were best buds," I replied, "If that's special?"

"You know what I mean Gary. You guys have had sex together," Brandon said.

Busted, I sat there in shock by Brandon's revelation, "Who told you that
shit?" I asked.

I was wondering whether Ty or Lee might have leaked information to Brandon
about our little sexual trysts.

"No one. I've had my suspicions about you and Ronny for a few years. Then
for sure the night you two were doin shit in Ronny's truck in the back bay
of the shop. My friend and I stopped in to use the restroom that night and
you guys were all over each other. The windows in the truck were all fogged
up, but I could see what was goin on. You two were howlin and screehin goin
on like two people fucking the shit outa each other."

Damn, Ronny's younger brother knew all along, but never said a word.

"You guys took my parking spot. Zackary and me been using that same spot
weeks before havin sex. It was safer than any other spot," Brandon came
clean.

"Wow! All this time you knew. Does Ronny know?"

"No. He'd kill me if he knew I'd spied on you guys."

"So...," I didn't get to finish my question when Brandon interrupted me.

"Gary, I'm gay. I've known since junior high school. I've had feelings for
you since forever and wanted to have sex with you since forever. But my
queer ass brother beat me to you first. Now there it is out in the open you
know how I feel about you. Do you want to spend the night with me?"

"What about Ronny?" I asked more than a little shocked.

"What about him," Brandon replied.

"Will he ever know? What if he finds out?"

"Not unless you tell him. `Cause I sure as hell ain't gonna tell him."

"Me neither."

"Let's finish our food and have another beer before we go up to my room,"
Brandon said.

I couldn't believe the kid I'd had the hots for was openly gay and had
wanted me all the time. This could become very messy with Ronny coming home
in few weeks I thought to myself.

"So, who all knows your gay?" I asked.

Brandon came around the table standing behind me he put his hands on my
shoulders saying, "Only a few close friends. I don't want the whole world
knowin. What about you?"

"Same."

Brandon sparked up what appeared to be a self rolled cigarette taking a
long drag off it then offering me a hit. "Sorry, I can't, you know, I'm
taking that towing certification test in a few weeks."

"Oh, okay. Me and Zac only use this shit for some out of sight sex, dude."

"Maybe after the test, but tonight I'll have to go for it clean."

Brandon stood behind me finishing the joint rubbing my shoulders and
neck. After the joint was finished he bent down kissing my ear and then my
neck. I felt his hand run down the front of my shirt where his finger tips
found my nipples. "My my these little nubs are hard. I wonder if what's in
your pants is hard."

"Oh yeah."

"Am I going to get to feel it up my ass tonight?" Brandon whispered.

"If I get yours up my ass," I replied.

"So, you're a versatile dude too."

"Oh yeah."

"Come on let's go upstairs," Brandon suggested.

I got up following Brandon into the house and up the stairs. Once we got
into the bedroom Brandon spun me around pushing me down on the bed. He fell
on top of me smothering me with his soft warm mouth. I could feel his
moustache and the soul patch as well as hard cock pressing against my pubic
mound. As his mouth opened our tongues began dueling. I was on top of the
world. Finally, I my dreams and fantasies were going to come true in a few
moments.

---

Untitled (Chapter 26)

Date: Sun, 24 May 2009 16:10:37 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 31

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 31: Bill's Overnighter

After a fantastic rimming and butt fucking I was basking in the afterglow.
Bill had a powerful orgasm brining me off equally. Now, we lay cuddling in
each other's arms relishing the moment, tenderly touching and enjoying each
other's body warmth I was daydreaming about the next round. Over the few
years I've been having sex with guys few have been able to make me cum
while stroking my ass.

Ronny was the first to bring us off simultaneously. How well I remember
that first time. I truly longed for it to be Ronny lying next to me. I
think it was possibly the shape of Ronny's cockhead rubbing against my
prostate in such sensuous manner that brought me to such an explosive
orgasms. But Ronny was thousands of miles away. Bill, for an older guy had
made the fireworks fly for me. I could only hope Bill enjoyed fucking me as
much as I enjoyed it.

I could tell Bill was exhausted after the fantastic fuck. He was dozing on
and off, catching some much needed snooze time while I lay next to him
remembering, but contemplating sucking on his prominent nipples and then
engulfing his scrumptious cock. I thought my nipples were large but Bill
beat me with the size of his when erect.

Hell, they could put an eye out. Holding Bill tight he murmured as I began
tweaking the nipple exposed to me. He then rolled over on his back as if to
say go ahead play with both my pointy toys. I continued alternately
arousing each of them getting them harder. Then I leaned in lightly biting
down on the one closest to me. Bill whispered, "Easy baby not too hard."

There was no way I wanted to hurt Bill, so I began sucking his hard nipple
in between my lips letting the tip of my tongue run across the top of the
nipple. I recalled Bill telling me what he wanted me to do with his
nipples. How he wanted to suck my cock to the point of ejaculation and then
as I stroked it spray my semen on each one of his nipples. He then wanted
me to take my cockhead rubbing the juice all over his nipples before
sucking them.

He wanted me to lick and suck each nipple cleaning all my cum off them. I
was hard again thinking about what Bill had asked of me. He looked at me
saying, "Get in position so I can suck the beautiful cock of yours baby."

I climbed over straddling Bill's body positioning myself on his
midsection. I then leaned forward with my hands placed in the pillow above
Bill's head so he could take my cock into his mouth. He grasped my cock at
the base with his left hand and then began feeding it into his mouth. He
began tongue bathing the crown working his way down the dome to the darker
coronal band. "Oh, Oh My God," was all I could say as I began rocking
forward.

As I rocked forward the top of my head was lightly bumping the headboard. I
felt Bill's other hand squeezing my buttock. I think I knew what was
coming. We hadn't cleaned up since the earlier fucking so my ass was still
lubricated and full of cum oozing out. Just about the time I though things
couldn't get any better I felt Bill's talented well-lubricated digit enter
my asshole.

"Oh Shit!" I yelled.

Bill replied, "Please don't do that."

We both chuckled, breaking the tension of the moment. Bill continued
performing on my wand as his finger kept exploring up in my asshole. As his
digit searched for my magic start button all I could do was moan and groan
with glee. Bill was sucking the head of my cock intently as I was rocking
back and forth. All the time Bill was working his finger further up my
ass. Finally, he found the spot and began milking my bulb. I backed out of
Bill's mouth and began stroking my saliva slick cock in the direction of
the hard nipples.

Suddenly, my nuts drew up, I pointed the barrel of my gun toward the hard
nubs on Bill's chest and I began squirting splash after splash of
spooge. As I worked the gun barrel from left to right the rounds of jizm
found the mark. All the shots of semen were direct hits on each nipple with
a string of spooge in between. I lowered my body forward and began rubbing
the whitish globs with my cockhead around on each nipple listening to Bill
groan with pleasure.

"Lick it off," Bill said.

I bent down where I began licking the cum off each of Bill's nipples. Once
I cleaned Bill's chest I rocked back and felt his hard prong bumping my
tender asshole. Bill grabbed the base of his wand holding it steady as I
lowered myself down on his lance. I began riding his hard cock up and down
moaning and groaning with each stroke.

I'd been on it for at least ten minutes when I saw the contortions on
Bill's face. I felt his cock thicken and his nuts draw up as he said, "I'm
gonna cum baby."

I felt Bill explode in my rectum shooting shot after shot of hot spooge
inside me. I collapsed on top of my lover with him still inside me. We fell
asleep in that position.


[To my readers I enjoy hearing from you, especially the positive comments.
The feedback on the story thus far has been mostly positive; however, there
have been some negative e-mails regarding the story. I tend not to reply to
most of the negative comments. Please remember this is a fictional story.
Being fiction I have the literary rights to create and do with the
characters as I see fit.]

---

Untitled (Chapter 27)

Date: Tue, 10 Mar 2009 11:20:07 -0700 (PDT)
From: bn2rumpranger (at) yahoo (dot) com
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 30

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 30: Using a Mirror

My older lover, for at least the next twenty-four hours, was finally
mine. He lay naked sprawled on my bed smiling up at me as I entered the
bedroom. There was aura about Bill, an air of mystery. Maybe that was the
draw. We'd never discussed anything sexual between us in the past
weeks. We'd simply talked trucker talk as friends. Now, I climbed onto the
bed snuggling up next to my latest lover.

As we lay naked on my bed our fingers roamed aimlessly but tenderly
stroking each other's body. There was no hiding anything. We both were
becoming more aware of each other's bodies and at ease with each
other. There were no serious sexual advances being made, just tender
touching. We had all day to consummate the sexual acts. We were taking our
time, alternately making out one minute and then talking the next. The
skins of the onions were beginning to peel away, exposing our real
personalities.

I would soon discover that Bill had been married for a short time to his
high school sweetheart. He had a child by that marriage. This would be
Bill's first experience with a male lover since before his
marriage. Although he'd been with men in school before marriage he'd
refrained from any physical sexual promiscuity, but had entertained
fantasies.

Bill confided in me that he felt that he was more of a true bisexual than
heterosexual or gay man; however, he hadn't had sex with a man or woman
since he and his wife separated. His sole source of sexual relief the past
few years had been masturbation. He told me that he thought a lot about
engaging in sex while driving over the road; in fact, he had been
propositioned many times by both men and women. Although sexually
frustrated he'd refrained from acting on any sexual propositions or urges
out of fear.

There was fear of being outed and of course disease. I asked him why he let
his guard down and chose me. His reply was simple: he fell for me the night
we met at the truck stop. He told me he felt safe as far as disease because
I was younger. He didn't think due to my age that I'd been exposed too much
in the way of sexual disease; however, he feared that I was taken by
Sheldon. He knew Sheldon's reputation and sensed that I might be his boy
toy.

I asked Bill if he'd ever been approached for sex by Sheldon. He said
no. He said that Sheldon wasn't his type. I told Bill that Sheldon and I
had a sexual fling back in October and November, but it didn't last and it
was over. I also disclosed my feelings for Ronny, explaining that he was my
over who was overseas and the frustrations of waiting for him to return. I
explain to him about the few others that I'd had casual sex with in the
past. He told me that he had reoccurring dreams and fantasies about the two
of us in bed since we met, making mad passionate love.

Without another word between us Bill slithered down my body biting and
sucking on my erect nipples. An action that brought squeals of want. Once
he was between my legs he grasped my cock pulling the head down into his
mouth. For a guy that hadn't had sex in a few years he hadn't forgotten
anything. His oral technique was flawless.

After a few minutes fellating my cock which brought more cries of desire
Bill began working down the underside of my cock towards my balls. He took
each nugget and began rolling it around inside his mouth while he hummed a
little tune. Nudging my legs further apart he began licking my taint. By
this time I was wailing uncontrollably. Suddenly, he surprised me blurting
out, "Pull your legs back grab your cheeks an spread em so I can eat your
beautiful ass out."

I obeyed his orders immediately pulling my legs back with my knees in my
chest. My feet were in the air while I spread my ass cheeks as far apart as
possible to give Bill full access. Suddenly, I felt Bill's hot tongue
dancing around my sensitive asshole, making me squirm and moan even
more. He knew what area was the most sensitive. Apparently he hadn't
forgotten how to rim an asshole. He peeked up at me asking, "Have you ever
seen your asshole?"

"Yeah, a couple times I bent over in the bathroom and looked at it in the
mirror."

"No, I mean really close up inside your asshole. How pink and nice it
is. Have you ever watched anyone eat you out or fuck your beautiful ass
baby?"

"No. Not really," I replied.

"Have you got a hand mirror?" Bill asked.

"Yeah, there's one on the vanity in the bathroom," I replied.

Bill got up and went into the bathroom to retrieve the mirror while I held
onto my cheeks. Once he returned to the bed he handed the mirror to me. He
had me position the mirror with my left hand so I could get a bird's eye
view of my asshole. Bill didn't waste any time working my sphincter with
his fingers opening my hole up. The sphincter slowly opened exposing the
pink interior of my rectal opening. Bill extended his tongue and began
licking all around my asshole while I watched in the mirror. I couldn't
believe what was happening to me.

I wailed, moaning and groaning with each pleasurable lick. Finally, his
tongue disappeared deep inside me. I went ballistic bellowing out, "OH BABY
TONGUE FUCK ME. OH MY GOD DON'T STOP. BURY THAT TONGUE OF YOURS IN MY ASS
BABY. OH OH THAT FEELS SO FUCKIN GOOD DON'T STOP."

I continued vocalizing my pleasure as I watched Bill's tongue in the mirror
dart in and out of my asshole. I continued squirming around on the bed
under siege of Bill's talented tongue. He wouldn't let up. He continued
eating my asshole out with vigor. I could feel the saliva running down my
ass crack. I needed Bill to fuck me with his cock, but his tongue felt so
fucking good inside me. I kept bucking up into Bill's face as his tongue
would circle and dive deeper inside me. I was seeing rockets red glare and
strange noises buzzing in my head.

"OH BABY FUCK ME," I screamed at Bill, "OH GOD, bury that big fat fucking
cock of yours in my ass baby and fuck me."

Bill finally withdrew his tongue from my ass, moving up my body he said,
"I've never heard that before."

"Heard what," I replied breathlessly.

"I've never had anyone ask me to bury my big cock in them," Bill said, "And
I do want to fuck you baby. Do you have a condom and some lubricant for the
occasion?"

"Let's try without the lube first. I think you've got me ready. Go for it."

Without another word Bill pushed my legs up and began positioning the head
of his cock at the entrance of my gaping asshole. I tilted the mirror to
watch him enter me. I watched in awe as my new lover's beautiful stealthy
cockhead began disappearing inside me. I began clutching at it trying to
draw it up into me.

There was a slight burning sensation that accompanied his entry at first,
but as he slowly inserted more of his cock into me breaching the second
ring the pain began to subside as each new inch slowly pushed inside
me. Once Bill bottomed out I dropped the mirror on the bed next to my
leg. I wrapped my legs around Bill's waist, digging my heels into his
buttock forcing him down on top of me. "Just keep that big beautiful cock
of yours buried in my ass baby."

Bill eased down on top of me with his hard cock buried inside me. My
leaking hard cock was sandwiched between us. I didn't want him to begin
stroking in and out of my asshole yet. I wanted more foreplay and for him
to last as long as possible. His lips met mine and we began making out. I
hadn't felt this good, this full since the first time I seduced Ronny in
the cab of his truck in the back of his father's shop a few months ago. I
was in a state of pure euphoria.

We broke our kiss and Bill whispered in my ear, "Your ass is so sweet
baby. You don't know how many times I've thought about this day as I drove
across country. I thought about eating you out and fucking you for weeks."

"Let me tell you that you've made my day one of the happiest days of my
life," I replied.

Bill began grinding his crotch into mine. Not stroking, we just kind of
moved our crotches in a circular motion. I could feel his cockhead rubbing
brushing against my "G" spot. "Go ahead and fuck me baby. Take it slow and
easy, just don't cum to quickly," I said.

Bill kissed me and assured me he had no intention of hurting me or
cumming. He suggested we use some lube because the saliva was drying up. I
reached over pulling the drawer of the night table open withdrawing the
tube of cherry flavored lube saying, "Here use a little of this to make
things more comfortable for both of us."

"What about ejaculation?" Bill asked.

"What about it?" I replied.

"Do you want me to pull out before I cum."

"Don't you dare!" I exclaimed, "I want you to fill my ass with all that
sweet spooge of yours. Fill me with your sweet nectar and don't pull out
after you cum. Just drive home hard on your last spurt and then lay down on
top of me. Let your cock fall out naturally as it softens."

Bill pushed off me withdrawing his cock from my asshole leaving just the
head inside. He squeezed some of the lube along the shaft using his finger
pushing some of it inside before slipping his cock back into my ass.  He
began fucking me slowly at first; however, he sped up as he continued
stroking in and out of me. I fucked back meeting his every down stroke. We
were riding each other like professional bull riders. The odor of sex was
overwhelming. We were both sweating profusely. We were moaning and groaning
telling each other how much we were enjoying what was happening.

I could feel Bill balls drawing up and his cock thickening. I knew it
wouldn't be long.

"I'm cummming," Bill squealed.

I felt his hot semen pump inside me; one after the other as he pounded my
ass unloading at least four powerful squirts that I could feel. "Oh my God,
thank you for the best fuck I've had in a while," was all I could say.

"No, thank you," Bill said looking into my eyes as he collapsed on top of
me.

As our bodies came together I felt the squishy sticky feeling of semen on
my abdomen. I was so caught up in the moment that I didn't realize I'd cum
also.

"Oh My God, that was so fucking good," I said.

We both lay there basking in the afterglow of our sexual encounter Bill's
cock still buried in my ass. I gazed at the clock radio on the night
table. The digital reading showed 12:37 in the afternoon. I knew I'd be
ready to go again in about a half hour, but wasn't sure about Bill. I'd
heard that as men age it takes longer to come back after a mind blowing
session of sex.

Bill said, "I'm going to need a few minutes to recoup before we go again."

"Me too," I said.

"There's something I want you to do when you get hard again," Bill said.

"Name your pleasure," I said.

"I'm going to suck your dick and I want you to cum on my nipples. Take your
dick and rub your cum all over my nipples and then lick and suck the cum
off."

"Oh hell yes!" I exclaimed, "Why don't I work on your nipples while we are
waiting to come back?"

"Give me a few minutes my nipples are supper sensitive after I've had an
orgasm," Bill said.

Once again we lay there in silence our fingers roaming over each other's
bodies as we looked into each other's eyes. I knew this was going to be a
long and enjoyable day, and with any luck at all we would both have more
orgasms before Bill had to climb back in his truck and head west.

---

Untitled (Chapter 28)

Date: Thu, 5 Mar 2009 13:33:07 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapters 28 and 29

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com     Subject line: Marine
Home on Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 28: Uncertain Times

The Christmas and New Year holidays had faded into history. I found myself
longing for my Marine more than ever, but he was so far away. In the
meantime I was awaiting a new semester to begin at the local college. I
continued working for Mr. Driver with Sheldon mentoring me on the big tow
truck. Mr. Driver and Sheldon already prepared my letters of qualification
for TRAA testing in the spring at the Florida tow show. With the driving
test for my commercial driver's license behind me I was now qualified to
operate any big rig on the road, and once I passed the Tow Recovery
Association's tests I would be fully qualified as a tow and recovery
specialist.

With the economy in the dumper things had slowed to a crawl in my town,
especially vehicle repairs; however, towing was still strong. I couldn't
complain my boss had been good to me, paying for everything that was work
related. I didn't have to worry about expenses for any of the testing and
Mr. Driver was footing the bill for all of us attending the show and taking
the TRAA test. Four of us would fly down for the show and testing in the
spring. Until then I continued working as an apprentice in the repair shop
and driving tow trucks as a backup driver when called upon. A couple of the
younger shop gophers had already been forced to take unpaid time off. Oh,
my sex life was waning too.

Yep, my sex life had taken an unauthorized leave of absences as Ronny would
call it. My mentor at the shop the bisexual Sheldon had gone back to living
with his winch after we returned from the road trip in November. I hadn't
seen Lee, my Korean-American boyfriend, much since then either. I missed
him. The last time I'd been sexually active with him was early December. In
the meantime during my sexual slump I was finding solace in masturbation
and with my assortment of dildos.

I would dream about my old sexual partners using the rubber sex toys to
fill my ass as I massaged my meat to orgasms. I saw Ronny's brother Brandon
once at the Driver family Christmas Eve dinner and party, but nothing
happened between us. Instead, I went home after the party and used the
biggest dildo to fill my ass dreaming that it was Brandon. The e-mails and
calls between me and Ronny had fallen off to about two or three times a
month, but I still remember him filling my ass with his schlong. Of course
I'd remained in contact with Bill Bonehardt my over the road truck driver
friend that I met in November.

Of a night when Bill was within reception area of my CB radio or when we
could catch a skip we chatted. We e-mailed on an almost daily basis and
called each other once in while. I found from Bill that long distance
trucking is a lonely job; therefore, we'd become close friends since our
meeting. There had never been a hint of sexual interest on the part of Bill
in me as a partner. I did have visions of Bill cornholing we with his
super-sized trucker's cock. Bill kept reminding me of his invitation to
ride with him across country someday when I was free. I envisioned us
fucking each other in his sleeper as we would stop along the way from
destination to destination. I'd told Ronny about meeting Bill and the
invitation, but not about my fantasy. He told me to go for it if I got the
chance. After a pleasurable morning shower and healthy jack off thinking
about Ronny's seven inch saber impaled in my ass I was ready for another
day of drudgery at the
 garage.

When I arrived for work Mr. Driver met me with a solemn look on his face
saying, Gary, I need to speak to you in my office."

The boss offered me a cup of black coffee saying, "Gary, you're like a son
to me and you've done great around the shop as well as driving tow trucks;
however, as far as repair work around the garage I'm going to have to let
you take some unpaid time off. There is just not enough work to support you
in the shop at this time."

I sat there in total shock. I didn't know what to say. I knew my tuition
for the spring semester was paid and had money set aside for my books as
well as a couple months rent. Finally, I mustered up the strength for a
reply asking, "How long?"

"I can't say for sure but at least two weeks maybe till the first of
February, or longer. Just depends on this freaking economy, but as soon as
things break lose you'll be the first to come back to work. No one is
spending. Do you have enough money to tide you over?"

"I guess," was my reply.

"I'll not stand in your way if you want to apply for unemployment today or
look for another job," the old man said, "and I'll pay you under the table
when I need you until I can get you back on the payroll. By the way you're
still on to go to Florida with us this spring, so continue studying."

"Thank you sir," I replied.

With that said Mr. Driver stood up extending his hand saying, "Sorry son."
We shook hands and said our goodbyes for the time being. I departed the
shop somewhat dejected, but what the hell I think I knew it was coming. The
boss was a good person and an excellent businessman. He was only protecting
his investment. I decided to go over to the Waffle House off the Interstate
for breakfast to boost my spirits.

As I got behind the wheel of Ronny's truck and began heading towards the
Interstate my cell went off, "Hello... Yeah... Sure, in fact I was heading
out that way to get breakfast. My hours just got cut at the shop. See you
in a few."

What a surprise my OTR trucker friend Bill had just dropped his trailer and
was heading west on the Interstate. He asked me to meet him at the truck
repair and then he promised to buy breakfast at Waffle House. He was
dropping his tractor off for oil change and brake system maintenance. I
parked Ronny's truck and headed inside for a cup of coffee while I waited
for Bill to show up.

Suddenly, I felt a hand on my shoulder and a familiar voice say, "Hey
buddy."

I jerked my head around to see Bill standing behind me asking, "Seat
taken?" Pointing the seat next to me.

"Not to my knowledge."

Bill took the vacant seat at the counter asking, "So, what's this I hear
about you getting some time off?"

"Yep, nothin happening at the shop so the old man asked me to take some
unpaid time off."

"A lot of folks losin their jobs these days. So what you doing in the
meantime?" Bill asked.

"Not much. Waitin for school to start back up in three weeks. So, how long
you got to wait on your rig?" I asked.

Bill took a sip from his coffee before answering, "Waiting for a call from
the shop to find out now. I may have to get brake shoes put on before I
head west."

"Where bouts you heading after you leave here?" I asked.

"Dispatch has a load laid on for Phoenix. I'm supposed to be there this
afternoon to pick up the load," Bill said, "I hope they'll hold it for me."

The waitress appeared to take our order. We ordered the All-Star breakfast
specials before we continued our conversation. Bill and I both were a lot
alike when it came to food. We were big breakfast guys. We didn't eat much
during the day after breakfast other than protein drinks, and fruit. Then
it was a reasonable meal for dinner prior to seven in the evening. Our
major vice was caffeine.

The friendly young waitress sat our breakfast specials in front of us and
refilled our WH mugs with steaming hot coffee. She knew both of us, so she
took a minute chatting with us. As we were chatting Bill's cell went off
again. I could tell by the conversation and the expression on his face that
the call was not good news.  I asked, "What's up?"

"Looks as though I'm going to be here overnight and into tomorrow," Bill
said, "got to get brake shoes and a couple other maintenance items taken
care of before I'm good to go again."

"How's that gonna impact your load?" I asked.

"Don't know. When I get done with breakfast I'll call."

We both polished off our breakfasts and had another couple cups of coffee
before Bill paid for breakfast and we departed the Waffle House. Once in
Ronny's pickup Bill asked, "Can you take me back over to the truck repair
shop?"  "Sure."

We drove over to the shop where Bill left his tractor. He went inside while
I waited in the truck. Once he finished his business inside he returned
saying, "This place operates twenty-four hours, so my truck is supposed to
be ready by mid morning tomorrow. Now I got to call dispatch and tell them
the bad news. Can you take me over to the hotel so I can get a room for the
night?"

"No need, you can stay with me tonight," I said.

Bill said that he didn't want to impose and be a burden. I assured him that
he wouldn't be, so we headed towards my place. Bill asked if he could take
a shower, shave and wash his clothes. We arrived at my place, but before
Bill headed for the shower he needed to call his dispatch. He lost the
afternoon load, but the dispatcher told Bill if he wanted to haul a
portable parking lot into Phoenix he had an emergency load that would be
ready the day after next. Bill agreed to take the load of automobiles in
place of the scheduled load.


Chapter 29: Surprise

Although Bill was a few years older than me I liked him as a person. He was
always so upbeat and positive. He appeared to keep in shape considering his
age and sedentary life sitting in the seat of a truck. Although we had
never discussed it I was curious about his sexuality. There had been veiled
overtures and lame jokes made, but nothing directly indicating what
direction Bill's sexuality ran. I knew he wasn't married and he'd known
Sheldon for years. During our conversations he never alluded to a
girlfriend or lover.

After many of our conversation of a night Bill would sign off with, "Don't
let your meat loaf buddy." I had dreamed about having sex with Bill. I'd
even fantasized about him while taking a shower. One of the reoccurring
fantasies was that we were both in the shower together at a truck
stop. After soaping me up he took me anally, penetrating me with his huge
cock. Bill's voice interrupted my daydream, "If my rig is ready to roll
tomorrow I've got the load going west the next morning."

"Great news. We can go get good dinner later and you can stay here for the
night to get rested up," I said, "now you can go take a shower and get some
rest if you care to."

"That'll be great. Where's the bathroom?"

I showed Bill my bathroom and bedroom. I told him to call me when he was
undressed and I'd throw his dirty clothing in the washer once. Bill began
undressing without closing the bathroom door as I went to get him a fresh
towel and washcloth from the dryer. Before I could return he called out for
me, "Clothes are ready for a pickup."

As I stepped into the bathroom I didn't expected to see Bill standing there
in his birthday suit. His naked body was very appealing. My gaze began
dropping. I noticed that he had a slight paunch, but not a pot belly. As my
eyes next focused on his crotch area I was somewhat surprised by the sight
that met my eyes: Bill had a most appealing cock with a so very succulent
pink cockhead. The surprise was that his cock was not the size I'd
visualized in my dreams.

I estimated his soft cock to be about two and half maybe three inches in
length. His pink circumcised cockhead rested on his scrotal sac that
contained nuts appearing to be average size nuggets.

"You seem surprised," Bill said.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I should have announced before walking in on you naked."

"Why?" Bill asked, "We're both men."

"Yeah, I just wasn't expecting to walk in on you fully undressed."

I grabbed his clothing and rushed them to the washer. As I stood over the
machine pouring in the detergent I wondered how big Bill's cock might be
fully erect. Was he a shower or grower? I really didn't care. As I stood
there daydreaming I felt warmness against my back. Then there was the warm
breath on my neck as I felt a prodding at my ass crack. As I closed the lid
to start the machine two hands surrounded me. A soft voice came from behind
me asking, "Would you like to share a shower with me?"

Oh My God, was I dreaming or was this for real. I continued feeling Bill's
warm lips kissing the back of my neck and along the top of my shoulders. My
cock had sprung to attention inside my drawers; it was straining for
release. Bill's hands roamed over my chest. Soon he discovered my erect
nipples hidden beneath my T-shirt. He began fondling them between this
finger tips saying, "My my those are hard little devils."

Bill continued playing with my nips saying, "I've thought about this moment
every since the first time I saw you. Since we met a few weeks ago at that
truck stop on the Interstate I've thought of nothing but what you would be
like in bed with you buddy."

"Oh, yeah. I've dreamed about you too."

"I guess there's no sense dreaming any longer is there?" Bill said as he
began working my T-shirt over my head.

With my shirt off he turned me around where he began working my belt loose,
unbuttoning my fly and pushing my Levis down to the floor. We stood there
him naked and me in my boxer briefs softly grinding our bodies together. He
closed on my face with his face next to mine where he said, "Let's not
waste any more time baby. I want you and I know you want me."

I whispered back, "Oh yeah I want you bad. What do you want to do first?"

"Let's go shower and then let me make love to you for the rest of the day."

I began to shiver all over at the thought; goose bumps were blooming. We
broke apart and moved to the bathroom. Once in the bathroom I turned on the
water mixer saying, "Why don't we take a nice warm bath instead of a
shower."

Bill agreed. We stood facing each other as the warm water ran into the
tub. Once the tub was at the level for two of us we got into the tub facing
each other. We sat in silence for a few minutes until I took the
initiative. I began first by squeezing a goodly amount of bath gel onto
Bill's body. With sponge in hand I began rubbing it over his body. The suds
building as I rubbed the soap into his head across his shoulders and under
his arms.

As I got to his chest I noticed that his nipples were large erect buds
standing out from his chest at least a half an inch. My fingers found the
mark. Bill began groaning and moaning with great pleasure under my
touches. I tasted one and then the other as Bill moaned. I thought to
myself this should be interesting: Bill and I both had sensitive
nipples. What an interesting turn and something that I would explore
further once in bed. I continued washing down his body.

Bill stood up for me to wash his crotch. I fondled and washed his
genitals. As I felt and looked at his hard cock I was surprised by the
size. I'd expected Bill to be hugely endowed, but he wasn't. As I held his
hard cock in my fist with only the head protruding I guestimated that it to
be maybe five inches erect. For some reason I tended to stereotype people
judging them by the types of jobs they did in life. I always figured that
guys like truck drivers and construction types were hung like bull
elephants.

I didn't really care how big or small Bill was from what I was seeing he
had enough to satisfy me. I took the head of Bill's cock into my mouth
bathing it with my tongue. Again, Bill became vocal moaning with
pleasure. I released his cockhead, turning him around to wash his ass crack
with vigor. I had him sit down in the seat in the corner of the tub so I
could wash and massage his feet. I wanted this to be the best bath he'd had
in a while.

I finished washing my friend when he asked me to sit down in the tub and
lay back against him. As we reclined in the tub he began washing me and
sponging me off. I could feel his hard cock pressing against the top of my
ass crack as he began working on my nipples. He played with them as he
licked and kissed my ear. He was driving me wild with his touches. He
whispered in my ear, "When we get out of here the first thing I want to do
is eat you out."

"Oh yes," was all I could reply.

"And then I want you to fuck me with that big wonderful cock of yours. I
want you to make me scream as you fuck me baby."

We finished our bath, released the water and then showered off the soapy
residue from our bodies. We dried each other off. I told Bill I had to put
the clothes in the dryer and I'd meet him in bed. I couldn't believe how my
day had started. I'd been laid off from my job and now before noon I was
going to get laid.


[To my readers I apologize for the delay in writing. I enjoy hearing from
you, especially the positive comments. The feedback on the story thus far
has been mostly positive.]

---

Untitled (Chapter 29)

Date: Mon, 3 Nov 2008 08:55:47 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave, Chapters 25, 26 and 27

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 25: Throbbing and Tender Day After

My head was spinning and my asshole throbbing Thursday morning as I drove
to school. Although I was physically and mentally exhausted I was filled
with feelings of invigoration. My mind pondered how I would react towards
Sheldon that afternoon at work. The man with whom I'd spent the night
having marathon sex. How would he react to me? He plied me with dinner and
drink the night prior and then had his way with me sexually for almost ten
hours at my apartment. Of course, for me, those were ten hours of total
bliss. Yes, I'd definitely been well-fucked.

After that all night session of sex I could feel my well-used sphincter
throb with each heartbeat as I was driving towards campus. The occasional
pothole bump in the road intensified the sensation in my tender well-bored
out butthole. I was hopeful that I wouldn't walk funny after such a
fulfilling night. Although I'd turned out to be Sheldon's bottom bitch for
the night for some strange reason I totally enjoyed it.

Oh, how I savored the sensual feelings of getting cornholed more so than
fucking another guy. I preferred to have Ronny slide his seven inch Marine
schlong in and out of my slick ass while he was home on leave; the same for
Ty with his big brown sugar loaf when we had our tryst. I discovered months
ago on the Internet that some guys were committed bottoms while others were
strictly tops. Me, I was versatile, into it both ways, but preferred the
sensuous feelings of a nice fat slippery schlong sliding in and out of my
super sensitive ass.

Although Sheldon wasn't the biggest I'd taken he was big enough to bring
about pleasure and satisfaction. And for me that was most important. The
guy managed to ass fuck me four times after midnight and before the sun
came up. He ate me out twice more and finger fucked me too. Of course I
sucked him off in between fucks; oral sex was Sheldon's preference, but
anal intercourse was mine.

I quickly discovered that Sheldon was one of those guys not into taking
anything up the ass, not even a finger; furthermore, he was not into nipple
play either. The thirty year old had the libido of a teenage boy. He made
me orgasm every time he seduced me with his seven inch schlong, and they
were explosive ejaculations, not dribblers. I couldn't understand how
Sheldon was able to keep going like the Energizer bunny all night long
after working the previous night.

The tow truck driver was unbelievable; he had the libido of a teenager. He
could ejaculate and get another erection like a teenage boy within twenty
minutes. Sheldon finally confided in me how he was able to maintain his
libido and erections for long period's time. He told me that he took
hormonal herbs and a little pill called Cialis. The hormonal herbs boosted
his testosterone levels, while the Cialis increased the blood engorgement
in his penis.

After we left the restaurant Sheldon told me he took a 20 mg tablet in his
vehicle on the way to my apartment and then another pill after
midnight. Sheldon didn't suffer erectile dysfunction. He simply used herbs
to enhance his sex drive and Cialis to maintain long lasting erections. He
told me that he felt that the Cialis also prolonged ejaculation. He said
that if I ever wanted to try the drug to let him know, but he figured I was
young enough that I didn't need the extra boost.

Hell, at nineteen my cock stayed hard most of the time naturally;
furthermore, when it wasn't hard I'd get those unwanted erections. You know
those spontaneous teenage erections that plague all young males. I know
Sheldon truly enjoyed sucking my fat cock and eating my pink pucker from
the way he went about it, and then when he fucked me he did so with great
passion and finesse. We tried positions that I didn't even know existed. He
would cornhole me in one position and then another.

Sheldon had treated me to the best ass fucking of my young life. He had me
wailing like a banshee, squealing like a stuck pig or whimpering like a
child each time he pounded my firm young ass. He could bang me for fifteen
or twenty minutes at a time and then slow down; we'd change positions, and
then pick up the tempo again. He'd do this three or four times, holding off
on his orgasms before he'd plow me full-on until we both would erupt with
powerful ejaculations.

What totally drove me wild was the unique way he used the head of his cock
to tease my sphincter. Sheldon drove me nuts with desire titillating my
bunghole with that spongy pink cockhead. He would excite me sensually as he
played the head in and out of my sphincter. I would reciprocate clinching,
relaxing and tensing as he would insert the bulbous head in between the two
rings. Then I would try to work my sphincter as if I was trying to suck the
head of his cock up inside me. Of course I enjoyed the long sensuous
strokes too. Yes, Sheldon was definitely a great sex education teacher.



Chapter 26: Road Trip



After a few hours of boring classes I grabbed a quick number two burger
meal to go and drove straight to the shop. I was lucky that I'd been able
to get all my classes scheduled for Tuesday and Thursday mornings that way
I had more time for work. A lot of students weren't so lucky. They'd have
to make two or three trips to campus a day or remain on campus throughout
the day. When I arrived at the shop Thursday afternoon I was immediately
greeted by Mr. Driver who said, "Go out back and help Sheldon hook up the
Landoll. You guys are taking a road trip."

I was taken aback by the announcement thereby questioning, "How long will I
be gone? I've got a group project at college on Saturday afternoon." Of
course I lied, the only project I had going was a sexual tryst with Lee for
Saturday night.

"You should be back early Saturday morning, afternoon latest," Mr. Driver
said.

I didn't question the boss, just headed out the back door to meet up with
Sheldon. He'd already backed the tractor up and connected the big flat bed
trailer. I helped him hook things up and perform all the safety inspection
shit, checking the brakes, lights, tires, etc. He didn't treat me any
different, like the night before never happened. Finally, the rig was ready
to roll. We went back inside to get printouts of the map and itinerary,
also road money from Mr. Driver.

"Is your commercial class permit current? Mr. Driver ask me.

"As far as I know," I said pulling my wallet out to check the temp
permit. I'd taken the written test months prior, but never taken the
driving test.

Mr. Driver took it from me. He looked it over saying, "This thing expires
in less than two months. We're gonna to have to get you down for a drivin
test in the next couple of weeks."

"Okay," I said.

"You guys are pickin up a customer's diesel pusher motor home with a blown
engine. The trip is a little over 600 miles one-way. You should make in
about 12 hours driving time with a stop for fuel and dinner. Get down there
and then get a hotel room so you can get a few hours sleep then get loaded
up. I don't want any tickets or to pay storage any longer than necessary on
that damn motor coach. And you help with the driving kid."

"Sure," I replied.

"Here's a hundred dollars road money. Use the credit card for fuel and
lodging. Now get out of here and hit the road," Mr. Driver roared handing
Sheldon the hundred dollar bill, credit card and other paper work.

We both left the office stopping at the soda machine before heading towards
the big truck with the Landoll trailer behind it. Sheldon asked if I needed
to stop by my apartment for anything. I told him I'd like to get my shaving
kit and a change of underwear. My apartment was on the way to the
Interstate entrance. When we stopped at my apartment I quickly ran inside
to put a few items in my backpack. I noticed it was a little after four
when I climbed into the truck. Sheldon smiled asking, "You bring the
stuff?"

"What stuff?"

"You know, the stuff we used last night."

"Oh, that stuff, yeah I got it in here," I said holding my backpack.

"Throw the backpack up in the sleeper," Sheldon said looking over at me as
he eased the big rig onto the Interstate before asking, "So, how's your
asshole feelin today?"

"You know, a little tender, but I'm okay."

"So, what'd you think about last night?" Sheldon questioned with a smirk.

"You definitely know how to cornhole a guy, but moreover I've never had my
asshole eat out with such skill in all my life. But I'm just a beginner to
this type stuff."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it kid."

"Oh I did."

"By the way I ask old man Driver to let you go along on the run. Hope you
don't mind. I told him you needed some extra trainin."

"Yeah," I replied in a hushed voice with smirk on my face, "wonder what
kind of training you got in mind."

"By the way if you're tried you can crawl up in the sleeper anytime and
catch a few winks before I turn this thing over to you at the fuel
stop. We'll get somethin to eat then."

"Okay," I said as I made my way up into the sleeper compartment. I didn't
close the curtain. I lay there dozing on an off kind of mesmerized by the
hum of big rig rumbling along the Interstate. My thoughts turned to Ronny,
wondering if he had found another Marine to help him get through the long
nights in Afghanistan. I must have fallen asleep thinking about my Marine
so far away.

When I awoke afternoon had turned to nightfall. The cab was dark except for
the illumination given off by the dash lights. I looked at my watch and saw
that it was almost eight at night. We'd been on the road for about four
hours. As I looked down at Sheldon sitting in the big Captain's chair I
noticed through the dim dash lighting in the cab that his hard penis was
poking out of his coveralls. His big paw slowly stroking it. I couldn't
resist the temptation, so, I made a bold move asking, "Ya want me to suck
on that?"

"Sure, if you want."

I climbed down from the sleeper positioning myself where I could
comfortably bury my face in Sheldon's crotch, so I could wrap my lips
around the magnificent piece of man meat that was weeping precum. The
lighting emitted from the dashboard made the sight of Sheldon's schlong
look even more eerie. I grasp his cock at the base and began licking the
crown of the cockhead cleaning up all the delicious precum before popping
the head into my mouth. I heard Sheldon suck in a breath and then exhale a
sigh of pleasure as I took his succulent cockhead into my moist mouth.

"Oh yeah kid, that mouth of yours is better than pussy anytime." Sheldon
cooed.

When I withdrew my mouth I let my tongue slowly circle the purple coronal
ring surrounding the bell end of Sheldon's beautiful cockhead. I wanted to
savor the moment for as long as possible. I licked the area beneath the
piss slit before popping the bulbous cockhead back into my mouth. Then I
began bobbing up and down on the first three or four inches of that
sumptuous schlong feeling it pulsing through my lips with each up and down
movement. Every once in a while I'd pull off to lick the precum from the
urethral opening at the tip, listening to Sheldon moan. His big right hand
was resting on the back of my head, toying with my hair, coaxing me on.

As I dined on Sheldon's dick I visualized getting cornholed in some hotel
room in a few hours by the man with his big paw resting on the back of my
head. I held the base of Sheldon's cock in one hand while I let the fingers
of my other hand fondle his large nuts. There was a musty smell about his
crotch area that I hadn't noticed the night before, but he hadn't had a
chance to shower before we departed. My moist lips kissed all over the
glistening crown and then my lips slowly moved down the shaft wanting to
make things last as long as possible.

After about twenty minutes of sucking the big man's cock I felt Sheldon's
balls tighten up and the head of his cock swell. I knew what was ahead,
some deliciously thick cum. Sheldon exploded with force nearly gagging me,
shooting shot after shot of warm spooge into my mouth. I eagerly gobbled it
up as if I was drinking a milk shake. I licked him clean and remained with
my head in his lap fondling his balls while kissing his cock.

"That was great kid," Sheldon said gently rubbing my head.

I didn't respond. I was savoring the moment kissing Sheldon's withering
wang, smelling his pubic hair. I must have drifted off with my face buried
in his crotch because the next thing I remember was him lightly ruffling my
hair saying, "Hey kid were gonna make a fuel stop and get some grub."

I sat up blurry eyed as Sheldon applied the Jake brake heading the rig off
the Interstate towards a large luminous truck stop in the near
distance. Once we pulled up to the fuel pumps Sheldon zipped his coveralls
up before climbing down from the cab. He grabbed the fuel nozzle sticking
it in the big silver side tank and then set the lever stop. He told me to
clean the windshield. As the pump poured diesel fuel into the tank Sheldon
took his tire-thumper and began walking around the rig striking every tire
to make sure they were all pressured up properly. Once he was done he
returned to the fuel tank and topped it off. He called out his name and
license number over the call box and then got back up in the cab to move
the rig to the parking area, telling me to meet him inside. As I walked
towards the retail store I looked at my watch, it showed a few minutes
after nine.



Chapter 27: Knights of the Road



Sheldon pulled away from the pump island to find a spot to park the big
tractor and trailer. In the meantime I went inside the truck stop's retail
shop to find the restroom. The truck stop definitely knew how to market
items in its retail store. Being a Business major and taking advertising
and marketing classes I knew something about the subject. As I stood at the
urinal a double page advertising sheet confronted me at eye level on the
wall above the urinal listing of all in-store specials. The ad sheet listed
everything from CB radios; tie down straps, fuel additives to clothing and
food items.

Great marketing strategy I thought, while the customer holds his cock in
his hand taking a piss he could read about anything to satisfy his shopping
needs. As I exited the restroom I eyed Sheldon waiting in line at the
cashier's stand. He stepped forward using the credit card to pay for the
fuel load; meanwhile, I maneuvered through the display shelves looking at
all the different trucker's merchandise while waiting for Sheldon to finish
his business. For some reason I'd always been in awe of the Knights of the
Road and their shinny steeds.

For me these road warriors were the essence of independence and
machismo. Their big trucks were the embodiment of muscle and grit. To some
drivers their trucks were things of beauty with eye catching paint schemes
and murals. These trucks were the trucker's home away from home. They
glistened under the lighting at the truck stop while others were just
dismal and plain looking. I often fantasized about what a trucker's life
might be like.

Long haul drivers rumble along the asphalt and concrete ribbons that
interconnected cities delivering finished goods and raw materials
throughout our nation. I felt they were the unsung heroes providing
essential services to our society. I remember spending many nights as a kid
monitoring my CB radio listening to truckers chatter, warning their
brothers of Smoky on the prowl for speeders. And when I rode with my
parents I'd give that pumping up and movement with a clenched fist
signaling an oncoming trucker to blow the air horn. Some would comply and
others paid me no attention.

I felt the big paw come to rest on my shoulder and Sheldon say, "Ready to
eat?"

"You bet."

"Let me take a leak and wash my hands and we'll go get some grub," Sheldon
said as he departed for the restroom while I continued searching the
shelves for some trinket that would ingratiate me into the road warrior
fraternity.

Once Sheldon was finished in the lavatory we headed off to get some
food. My stomach was growling. I hadn't had anything to eat since the
burger meal after classes. Except for the burger, a soda before we left the
shop and that delicious snack of Sheldon's cum in the truck that was my
caloric intake for the day. We entered the driver's section of the truck
stop restaurant. One of the truckers immediately recognized Sheldon saying,
"Hey Shell join me," motioning us over to the booth.

We sat down me between the two truckers in the half circular booth. The
trucker to my right was sporting a well-trimmed a beard and wearing a worn
baseball cap. The guy questioned who I was, "So, who's your young prot�g�?"

"Bill this is Gary and Gary this is Bill. Bill and me go back to our school
days and my days of over-the-road trucking."

Bill and I reached across and shook hands while Sheldon explained, "Young
Gary works with me at Driver's shop and this is a training run for him."

"Yeah, I'll bet it is," Bill said with a wry smile, "So, how old are you?"

"Nineteen almost twenty," I said.

"Yeah, Shell likes young trainees," Bill said.

I was sensing covert sexual overtones in Bill's voice as we talked. I
wondered if the two had some history. Finally, the waitress appeared with
glasses of water and coffee. She began engaging the two truckers in some
flirtatious banter, hoping for a lucrative tip. We all ordered our meals
and the lady disappeared. Bill appeared to be about the same age as
Sheldon, but not as tall.

"You know, you're lucky to live in a state that allows eighteen year olds
to get a commercial class drivers license. Most states you have to be at
least twenty-one," Bill said.

"Yeah, that's what Sheldon and others have told me," I replied.

"So, you gonna be gettin into truckin or towin?" Bill asked.

"Don't know yet. I'm a full-time student and work at Driver's shop
part-time while I attend college."

            "You know there's a real shortage nationwide for qualified
truck drivers. Many drivers are aging out of the job and not being
replaced," Bill said.

Sheldon interrupted saying, "I hope by next summer the kid can get started
towards becoming certified through the TRAA certification program."

"Under your tutelage I'm sure the kid will breeze through the national
towing and recovery certification program Shell. Bein a college boy he
should have no problems with book work and the written test. Then with your
guidance he should be ready for the practical test," Bill said.

No sooner had Bill finished what he was saying than our food arrived. The
lady began setting the food on the table along with condiments before
refilling our coffee mugs. Finally, she ask if there was anything else she
could get for us. We all dove into our food as the waitress departed. We
ate and drank coffee until we were full without a word. Finally, Bill
leaned back and belched remaking, "This place always has damn good grub."

The waitress returned to the table refilling our water glasses and coffee
cups. I got brave and asked, "So what are you drivin Bill?

"Pearlescent white 05 Pete 379 with 475 Cat and mid roof sleeper. What're
you guys in?" Bill asked.

Sheldon replied, "Yellow 04 Ken with 550 Cat. Pretty damn fine rig you're
drivin Bill."

"Yeah, got almost half a million miles on her. I owe a lot of that mileage
to AMSOIL and AMSOIL fluids. Might make a million miles if I keep her,"
Bill said.

I'd heard the term AMSOIL, but wasn't sure so I ask, "What is AMSOIL?"

"One of the oldest and best synthetic oils and lube products on the
market," Bill said, "what about you guys?"

"Driver has us using Mobil 1 synthetics," Sheldon replied.

"Good product," Bill said.

As the two men talked about synthetic oils, lubricants and makes of trucks
I listened intently, wanting to learn as much as possible about the
trucking industry. I soon discovered that the two men favored Caterpillar
engines over others and it sounded as though the Detroit diesel was least
favored. They discussed transmissions, tires and driving axles until
Sheldon looked at his watch and said that we had to get going.

When we got up Bill grabbed the tab and said that dinner was his treat. We
both thanked our host for dinner. Sheldon left a ten dollar tip on the
table and excused himself to the restroom while I accompanied Bill to the
cashier's station. After Bill paid for dinner we both headed towards the
restroom area. We met Sheldon coming out as we entered. We both needed to
get rid of the coffee from dinner. When we came out of the bathroom Sheldon
was browsing the shelves of the retail store.

"Hey you guys wanta take a gander at my rig before we hit the road?" Bill
ask.

"Sure," I said eagerly.

We headed out to the parking area where Bill gave us the nickel tour of his
rig. Sheldon, of course, then had to show off our setup. Bill definitely
had the better looking truck of the two, but he owned his truck. Before we
left Bill gave Sheldon and I one of his new business cards. The card with a
glossy black background showed a Sliver Peterbuilt image on the right side
of the card with an orange Independent Owner Operator logo on the left. In
the center was informational lettering printed in raised gold. The card not
only listed Bill's name and phone numbers, also e-mail and website. All in
all a very impressive looking professional business card.

The huge illuminated parking area was humming with big rigs idling and the
smell of fuel permeated the air. Before Bill climbed into the cab of his
Pete he turned to me with an invitation, "If you ever get tired of ridin
around with Shell and want to experience an over the road long haul let me
know. You got my information on my card."

With that said Bill climbed up into the cab of the big Pete. He winked at
me and then fired up the powerful diesel engine. We all waved and said our
goodbyes as Bill pulled away, and then Sheldon and I walked towards our
eighteen-wheeler. On the way Sheldon slapped me on the back and told me
that it was time for night training. I climbed up into cab of the Kenworth,
adjusting the driver's seat before igniting the big Cat engine. Sheldon
walked around checking the lights before assuming the second seat.

Once Sheldon was seated I pushed in the clutch, engaged the transmission,
released the parking brake, let out on the clutch again and we were
moving. As the big tractor-trailer began slowly rolling forward Sheldon
told me to watch both mirrors and not snag anything as we departed the
parking area. In a matter of minutes we were back on the Interstate where I
was going through the gears heading the big rig south east towards our
final destination. My mind whirred thinking about what lay ahead.



 [To my readers I enjoy hearing from you, especially the positive
comments. The feedback on the story thus far has been mostly positive;
however, there have been some negative e-mails regarding the story. I tend
not to reply to most of the negative comments, but let me address some
concerns expressed.

First off, this is not a true love story; it is a work of erotic fiction
based on some truths. The story is about a young sexually adventurous male
in his late teens, we all remember those tumultuous teen years, years of
experimentation, indulgence and uncertainty. We all had our true loves back
in high school and college, gay or straight, with whom we shared much in
the way of intimacy. Many of us also had secret outside interests with
partners of the same sex. As a writer I am one of those many who had secret
sexual trysts, but eventually settled with one life partner. I'm glad that
I experimented during my teens and twenties; maybe it made for a more solid
foundation in my future relationship.

Secondly, many e-mails have taken me to task for introducing biracial
characters into the story. To that I say again, it is a fictional story,
live with it and enjoy the storyline. Others have emailed me begging me not
to kill Ronny the Marine off. Ronny has many more months left on his
deployment; many things can happen in those months. I haven't made a
decision on the ending to the story yet. Ronny may live, come back home and
the two characters live happily ever after. Or he may get wounded or even
killed in action in Afghanistan. Others want Gary, the main character, to
develop a sexual relationship with Ronny's younger brother Brandon.

The latest e-mail beat me up for introducing Sheldon the tow truck driver
that is ten years older than Gary the main character in the story. Remember
that all characters in the story are of legal age of consent and
fictional. Variety is the spice of life.

 To me as a writer and as a reader of erotic fiction I look for action,
conflict, suspense and to be taken on an unforgettable journey. Throughout
my story I try to arouse one's sexual desires. As a writer my job is to
entertain and draw emotional response from my readers. Many times readers
want to be drawn into the storyline, looking for characters to which they
can relate. I try to develop believable characters and storyline. Above all
I hope to deliver a good plot that keeps my readers guessing what's next
and wanting to read more.]

---

Untitled (Chapter 30)

Date: Wed, 29 Oct 2008 08:04:05 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave, Chapters 22, 23 and 24

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 22: A Date For Saturday Night

At work all I could think about was Lee and me. We seemed to hit it off and
truly enjoyed each other that night after taking in a movie and then
returning to my apartment. I wouldn't call what we'd experienced that night
as love making; more like some good old raw ass sex. As I toiled away the
morning after, I was horny and becoming aroused again and again. All I
could think about was that night as I bent over the front fender of the
vehicle I was working on. With my head under the hood of the truck I was
working on my smaller head was straining against the fabric in my shorts
for release. What my burgeoning cock really wanted was a warm wet mouth
surrounding the glans performing oral sex. I had to get my thoughts back on
the job, so my cock could deflate.

The boss yelled at me, "How much longer on that job?"

"Just about done," I replied.

After I finished installing the new alternator the boss told me to go out
back and help Sheldon finish washing and cleaning the mud off the big
recovery rig. The big tow truck was the biggest one for miles around with a
360 degree rotator boom and dual winches. The damn thing was powerful
enough to pull the balls off a bull elephant on a dead run. The yellow
recovery vehicle with blue signage and trim was a behemoth sight to behold,
especially at night all lit up. The tow truck driver was a large frame man
with big hands.

The previous times I worked with Sheldon I speculated about how big his
cock was because of his size. I also wondered if his cock was comparable in
size to the truck he drove, but soon dismissed the thoughts. As I
approached the big environmentally compliant wash pad I said, "Hey Sheldon
the boss told me to come out here and help ya clean Big Yeller."

"Grab the hose and finish washin the mud off the undercarriage," Sheldon
said as he stood on a ladder using a chammy to wipe the water droplets off
the yellow sheet metal.

Sheldon and Mr. Driver had been out all night recovering an overturned
tractor trailer rig on the Interstate. As I held the thick hose with both
hands washing the mud from the rear wheel wells of the recovery rig I began
thinking about what Lee had told me about the size of Brandon's Goliath
cock. He had been very descriptive as to its size and shape when fully
inflated.

Lee had told me that Brandon's cock was a massive piece of manhood. He said
that he'd measured Brandon's cock and it was nine inches in length and
nearly as big around as a beer can fully inflated. That is one huge cock;
no wonder Lee didn't want to take Brandon's big cock up his ass. Hell, I
couldn't close my hand all the way around a beer can and damn sure couldn't
fit a beer can in my mouth. Still I was curious. I wanted to see Brandon's
cock all bone up in real life, but for now I was satisfied with Lee's
average size cock.

As I stood there with the black hose in my hands I felt my manhood coming
to life again. Why did that happen when I didn't want it to I thought to
myself? Maybe the heavy duty rubber hose I was holding was a metaphor for
sex with someone with a huge cock. The two inch thick industrial strength
hose was stiff, not pliable like other smaller green garden variety
hoses. I envisioned that Sheldon probably had a cock that was
gigantic. Probably as big, or bigger than Brandon. I tried to put the
thoughts about Brandon and Sheldon's cocks out of my mind. In a few minutes
it would be time for lunch and I was hungry.

We finished cleaning the vehicle and broke for lunch. Some of the guys
headed for the roach coach, while me and couple others went down the street
to a local fast food outlet. I ordered my burger and sat down to eat when
my cell phone went off, "Hello."

"Hey it's me," the caller said.

"Hey Lee, what's up Dude?" I answered back excitedly

"Nothin and you?" Lee questioned.

"Lunch and then back to work," I replied.

"What about this weekend Dude? Can we get together?" Lee asked.

"Sure," I said my voice a little squeaky and shaky.

"Cool, see ya after I get off work on Saturday afternoon," Lee said.

"Cool, see ya then," I replied excitement still evident in my voice.

As I sat there eating my burger and fries I was excited about the
possibility of another meeting with Lee while my mind slipped back to that
night after the movie. Although Lee hadn't fucked me that night I was
looking forward to getting that done on Saturday night, if I could talk him
into it. I looked at the clock on the wall and it was time to get back to
work. Finish work today and then Thursday, Friday and Saturday morning, and
then I'd be ready to get fucked by my new friend.



Chapter 23: The Tow Truck Driver's Surprise



After I left work that afternoon I stopped by the drug store to pick up
some items to be prepared for Saturday night. I purchased a six pack of
Fleets enemas, a new tube of Astroglide and a packet of a dozen condoms. I
wanted to be ready for a randy Saturday night session with Lee. I hadn't
noticed the guy standing behind me at the cashiers stand.

"Hey kid, ya constipated or somethin?" The man behind me bellowed in a big
booming voice as he slapped me on the back with his big hand. Shit, it was
the big tow truck driver I'd worked with at the shop earlier in the day.

"No, why do you ask?"

"Cause you got enough enemas there to flush out the radiator of that big
yellow Kenworth tow truck of mine," Sheldon said with a big belly laugh.

I was embarrassed. There I am standing in line buying all that stuff for
anal sex and the guy I worked with earlier in the day is standing behind me
making light of it all. I was glad the cashier had already bagged the
Astroglide and condoms before he got in line. I paid for my purchases and
exited the store only to hear the booming voice behind me say, "Hey kid, I
didn't mean to embarrass you back there. Just funnin with ya."

"No problem," I said in a little irritated tone, "but that was
embarrassing." I chalked it up to the fact that Sheldon was normally a
boisterous kind of guy around the shop.

"Cone on kid, let me make it up to you. I'll buy coffee or even dinner
tonight if you'll let me," Sheldon begged.

Oh what the hell I thought. Sure, I might as well let the big guy buy my
dinner, he owed me that much. "Okay, where we were going to eat?" I ask.

There's a deli restaurant where I eat dinner, follow me," Sheldon said.

I got into my pickup and followed Sheldon in his truck. After a few blocks
we pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant. I secured my vehicle and
walked towards the entrance to meet up with Sheldon.

"Kid, this place has the best food and drink in town. Order whatever you
want, it's my treat."

Once inside we seated ourselves at a four person booth in the back. The
waiter brought us a couple of glasses of water and menus. I studied the
menu as well as the man across the table from me trying to figure him
out. He wore his hair in a near military buzz cut and appeared to be about
thirty years of age. Sheldon ordered two draft beers before I could say
anything. The waiter didn't question my age, probably because of who I was
with and then went for our beverages.

A few minutes later the waiter brought our frosted mugs of beers back to
the table and asked if we were ready to order. I chose the Wednesday
evening special: corned beef sandwich on rye with sauerkraut and Swiss
cheese. I also ordered three sides; potato salad, coleslaw and
beans. Sheldon ordered a couple of big Bratwursts, German potato salad and
beans. While we waited on our orders to arrive we drank our beers and
talked.

"So, you got internal digestion problems?" Sheldon asked.

"No, I got to go in for a colonoscopy next week," I replied with a lie.

"You're awfully young for that," Sheldon replied.

Again I lied saying, "My dad and grandfather died of colon cancer. The
doctor wants me to have the procedure done every five or six years until
later in life when it will be every three years."

"Sorry to hear that. My buddy died from rectal cancer bout a year
ago. Probably from taking too many dicks up his ass," Sheldon said with a
sadistic laugh.

I replied, "Sorry to hear about your friend." I didn't think Sheldon's
comment was funny as I enjoyed taking dicks up my ass.

"Yeah, me and him had been fuck buddies since junior high school," Sheldon
said in a matter of fact manner.

I nearly choked on my beer before saying, "So, you're telling me you're
gay."

"Naw, Bi maybe. I just like nice dicks. Have since I was a kid, but I like
pussy too. Hell, I just enjoy sex."

I sat there stunned by Sheldon's revelation that he was into homosexual
shit, not saying a word. I found it hard to believe that the imposing
figure of a man sitting across from me was a queer on the QT, but why not,
I knew jocks in school that enjoyed cocks.

"Yeah, I was a big jock in high school and being around naked guys in the
locker room made me curious and aroused me. So, I developed a couple sexual
friendships with guys on my teams."

"Wow!" I exclaimed.

"Yeah, somethin about beautiful dicks that I enjoyed, never forget my first
dick. I guess ya never forget that first time," Sheldon said.

"Yeah, I think you're right," I replied. I sure remembered my first time
with Ronny.

"You know, I caught the owner's kid and his friend, the light skinned black
kid, doin each other one night back at the shop."

"Really," I said with shock and surprise, "which one?"

"The younger good-looking kid, Brandon."

"Really," I responded again, acting a little surprised.

"About a year ago, I'd just got back from a tow run. It was a little after
midnight. I went in ta use the restroom before headin home when I heard all
this wailin comin from the loft area where the room is with the bed. So, I
sneaks up the steps ta take a peek. And there they were turn opposite each
other suckin each other off," Sheldon said with a smile.

"Damn," I said, "so what happened next?"

"I stood there watching for a while my dick getting all hard. The black kid
pulled his lips off Brandon's big fat dick head and finishes him off by
hand. That Brandon gots to have one of the biggest dicks I ever seen;
almost as big as mine," Sheldon said with a laugh.

"Really, I said.

"Is really all you can say kid?"

"No, but I'm just a little dumfounded by all you're telling me," I said.

"Yeah, the sight got me all hard, so I had to go back down to the restroom
ta beat off."

"So, who is your jack off or fuck buddy now that your friend is gone?" I
ask.

"No one. Haven't had a JO or fuck buddy since Tommy died," Sheldon
said. "So, you straight or gay?"

"Why do you ask?" I replied.

"Curious?" Sheldon questioned, "Maybe I'm lookin for a new fuck buddy to
play around with occasionally when I'm horny."

"Well, I'm always horny, 24-7."

"At your age ain't that the truth."

"You know, I'm not sure who or what I am. Like you, I like cocks and have
since school days, but I have to be very discreet about who I'm seen with
or who I have sex with," I said.

"Same here. No one knows about me and my secret sex life. That's why I
never approached the boys; besides they were underage at the time," Sheldon
explained.

"Yeah, I hear that, but I'm young too."

"But you're over the age of consent," Sheldon said and then ask, "Does my
age make a difference to you?"

"No, not really."

"You ever had sex with an older guy?" Sheldon questioned

"No."

 I bet after dinner if you're up for it this older guy could take you out
and rock your world kid," Sheldon said with a big smile.

"So, you think you're good huh?" I questioned with a wry smirk.

"Try me. It won't cost you anything except a night with an older more
mature man."

The waiter brought our orders and two fresh frosted mugs of beer. Beneath
the table my pants were tented. I was hard as a rock listening to
Sheldon. Damn, the sandwich was huge, piled with sauerkraut and two half
dill pickles on each side of the plate. I wasn't sure if I could finish it
all. Sheldon asked for more German mustard and horseradish telling me, "Put
some of that horseradish on your sandwich it'll clean out your sinuses and
pipes too.

After a chuckle from Sheldon we both dove in and scarfed down our meals
without another word between us. The horseradish was strong; it did make me
weep a bit and my nose run. The big man could definitely put away the
food. After we finished Sheldon ordered two more beers. As I studied
Sheldon I couldn't believe the big tow truck driver was bold enough to ask
me to have sex with him. I was sure he was hung like a donkey and wasn't
sure whether I wanted a cock that big to fuck me, maybe play with. I
thought what the fuck if I didn't like what I saw when we got naked I'd at
least give him a hand job. The waiter returned with the beers and cleared
the table.

After the waiter left I looked at Sheldon and ask, "So, where and when?"

"Tonight unless you got other plans. We can go to my place or yours doesn't
matter."

"No plans for the night. Let's go to my place," I replied, I felt safer in
my own surroundings.

"We don't need to stop off for anything cause you got everything we're
gonna need in them two bags," Sheldon said with a smirk on his face.



Chapter 24: Sheldon's Seduction



Shit, Sheldon knew all the time, he'd set me up for this. Wine me, dine me
and then fuck me was his plan. We got up and departed the restaurant. I
told Sheldon to follow me. As I drove to my apartment my mind was racing. I
couldn't help thinking what a slut I was turning into; furthermore, my main
concern was how big Sheldon's cock might be, and could my asshole take his
mammoth size. I estimated by his imposing size as well as the size of his
feet and hands that his cock must be at least ten inches long and thick as
the head of a baseball bat with huge low hanger balls. I figured once we
got to my place we'd trade hand jobs, maybe blow jobs if I could get my
mouth over his big cockhead and then Sheldon would leave. I opened the gate
and Sheldon was right behind me.

He immediately found a visitor parking spot. Once he parked he met me as I
was securing my vehicle. We walked towards my apartment together. Once
inside Sheldon said he had to make a phone call. He called dispatch to see
where he was on the law enforcement tow list. In the meantime I sat my bags
on the kitchen table. Sheldon hung up the phone and said, "I guess we're
good. Doesn't look like I'm up until tomorrow sometime, unless there's a
big accident some place."

"Cool," I said.

"Why don't we get ready some sex," Sheldon said matter-of-factly as he took
one of the Fleets from the bag and threw it to me.

"Sure," I said, "but what about you?"

"I need to flush you out and shower before we have sex. You do want to get
fucked don't ya?" Sheldon questioned.

"Don't you want to get fucked?" I ask.

"Naw, tonight is your night; besides, I enjoy doing the fuckin."

This guy was all about getting the job done, by the numbers. I replied
saying, "Okay," as we moved toward the bathroom. Sheldon definitely had
more than a hand job or blow job in mind for the night.

In my bedroom we both began undressing, visually scanning each other's
bodies as we did so. Sheldon was tall about six foot four inches,
definitely taller than me, with a large frame; a tad overweight, but not
obese. He had a good physique; big arms, chest, shoulders and legs. He was
a little hairy than I preferred, but nothing I couldn't handle. He didn't
hesitate dropping his underwear first. I was a little disappointed or maybe
surprised. I figured for his size he would be hung like a horse, but he
appeared average endowed. His semi erect penis was about four and half
inches long and about the thickness of a flashlight battery with a nice
looking glans. A size that I felt I could definitely handle, after all I'd
taken Ty's big cock up my ass.

"Nice looking cock," I commented thinking that his cock appeared to be very
suckable and fuckable.

"Thanks, now let's see the treat waiting for me."

I dropped my drawers for Sheldon to get a looky see. My hard cock sprang
from my drawers snapping back the head hitting my stomach. He eyed me with
delight from head to toe saying, "All in all excellent body and very nice
looking package. I'm going to enjoy sucking that gorgeous dick of
yours. Ain't nothing better than young hard dick."

Sheldon had me get on my hands and knees on the bathroom rug, while he
administered the Fleets. He played with my hard dick and balls while he did
so. After all the liquid was inside me I reached up and played with his
cock and balls for a few seconds. His balls were very big and firm. They
felt as tough they were full and needed to be flushed out.

"So, when was the last time you had sex?" I ask.

"I normally fuck the gal that works at the place where we ate tonight, but
that's been a while. So, just me and my hand for the past few weeks buddy,
and I ain't beat my meat in a week," Sheldon said with a smile.

Sheldon's balls were full and ready to be drained. I used the commode to
rid myself of waste while Sheldon got into the shower. Once he was done I
took my turn. After my shower I returned to my bedroom. Sheldon was lying
back on the bed naked stroking a very impressive looking cock. About the
same size as Ronny's cock. His cock appeared to be about seven inches of
rigid rod with a gentle curve back towards his abdomen and a very nice
looking crimson knob on top.

As I lay down on the bed next to Sheldon to admire his manhood he smelled
of manly scents. I told him that I wasn't a virgin that I'd been fucked
before. I explained to him about my sensitive nipples, asshole and other
turn ons. He told me to lay back and enjoy the ride that it would be a ride
I wouldn't soon forget. With that he began playing with my nipples. They
immediately became hard little pink nubs under his touch, much like and
eraser on a number two pencil. As he played with my nubs my cock became as
rigid as a steel pipe.

"That baby is really throbbing," Sheldon said as he watched my cock jump
with each heartbeat, "I love the head on your dick, so perfect."

I couldn't believe that Sheldon's big hands could have such a light and
tender touch as he caressed my hard nipples. I was becoming delirious with
desire as Sheldon touched me and whispered in my ear. His face was buried
next to mine his goatee tickling the side of my face, telling me how much
he wanted to suck and fuck me.

"I'll make you feel like a million dollar baby before the night's over,"
Sheldon said as he continued touching my body. He had me whimpering like a
child under his touch. I was hot to trot. Sheldon's big hands roamed over
my young body stimulating me with each touch, bringing moans of pleasure
from me. I made an attempt to kiss him, but he rejected my advances saying,
"I'm not into all that kissin on the mouth and makin out shit, that's for
men and women. Just good old fashion man to man sex for me."

Sheldon continued playing with my nipples, first one and then the other. He
then began licking and lightly biting on my nipples. His goatee tickled my
chest. His free hand explored my crotch, stroking my cock and fondling my
nut sac. I immediately spread my legs wide to give his big hand better
access to my taint and quivering asshole. I wanted him to finger fuck
me. His finger brushed against my bunghole and I let out sigh of
pleasure. That sigh was the go ahead sign for Sheldon to finger fuck me.

Without a word he opened the tube of Astroglide, squeezed a goodly amount
on his fingers and began tenderly rubbing it into my ass crack. Once he got
my ass all lubed up he broke open a packet and removed a condom rolling it
down over his large middle finger saying, "If what I do is painful let me
know and I'll stop for a while to let you get used to it."

Sheldon was unaware that I used a dildo, so I was sure his finger would
slide in without too much pain. He worked his well-lubed digit around my
asshole slowly easing the first joint of his big finger inside me. He
worked just the tip in at first opening my sphincter. I moaned with
pleasure saying, "Oh yes baby finger fuck me. Ease it all the way in and
finger fuck me. I want to feel it inside me. Finger fuck me forever."

Sheldon eased more of his big digit into my asshole saying, "Let me know if
you feel that you are about to cum. I don't want you goin off on me too
soon."

"Oh yes baby, just finger fuck me. I love to be finger fucked."

Sheldon worked his magical finger inside my asshole while he continued
nibbling on my nipples. I was squirming around on the bed whimpering like a
bitch under his touch. He'd found my joy button, but didn't work it. He
didn't want me to ejaculate prematurely. He moved down to my dick and began
licking the head of my cock.

"Oh my," I cooed.

His tongue kept circling my coronal ring. He was playing magical music on
the head of my skin flute.

"Oh My God," was all I could say as his mouth worked my cockhead and his
finger performed its magic inside my asshole. "Oh yes baby, suck my cock,"
I wailed, "suck all the juice outa my balls and finger fuck me. Finger fuck
me. Oh yes, I want more of your finger up inside me."

Sheldon continued working me over inside and out. I was seeing stars. My
heart was hammering inside my chest and the perspiration was running. I
felt as though I was on the verge of exploding, so I said, "I think I'm
about to cum."

As soon as I said that Sheldon ceased sucking my cock, but left his digit
plugged into my butthole. Sheldon repositioned himself to get his furry
face down into my ass crack.

"Oh God yes!" I exclaimed. He was going to eat me out. He removed his
finger; wiping the excess lube from my asshole with the bath towel. He
returned his face to my bottom. I worked with him until we were positioned
where he wanted to be. With his face buried in my ass I reached around with
one hand spreading my ass cheek giving Sheldon better access to my squeaky
clean sphincter. Once in position he proceeded to let his tongue explore my
pucker.

The hair around his mouth was stimulating and tickling my taint. I could
feel his facial hair on my nut sac. His talented tongue began licking,
circling and caressing my hairless pink pucker, bringing about blissful
growls of ecstasy.

"Oh yes baby eat me. Oh God yes lick my asshole, eat me."

And Sheldon did just that. I could feel his powerful tongue licking around
the circumference of my asshole preparing to make an entrance. Then his
tongue began snaking its way up my poop chute. My sphincter was on fire
tingling with desire. Oh, I had never experienced such feelings before. All
I could growl was, "Oh baby tongue fuck me. Get that hot tongue of yours up
my ass."

I was seeing stars and rockets go off in my head. I thought I was going
over the edge so I said, "Oh baby you're gonna make me cum if you get that
tongue any farther up my ass."

When I said that, Sheldon pulled his tongue from my hot asshole. He looked
up and smiled at me saying, "So, how's it going so far?"

"Oh My God, I've never experienced anything like this before."

"This is just the beginning. You got the sweetest ass I've ever tasted
bud."

"Thanks," I replied.

"Of course, that's the thing about being seduced by a mature guy like me
compared to your teenager partners. I know what to do and how to get it
done; you all are novices, just learning."

With that said Sheldon began kissing my inner thighs working his way down
to my feet. He began kissing my feet and sucking on my toes as I wailed
with delight. My feet were another of my sensitive areas. He had positioned
his big body above me, his hard cock within a couple inches of my awaiting
mouth. My mouth watered as I took the crimson knob into my mouth and began
polishing it. Sheldon was another of those guys that produced copious
amounts of precum; it leaked like a bad water spigot. I licked at his piss
slit cleaning up the leaking fluid.

Surprisingly, Sheldon's precum didn't taste bad at all. I then began
sucking on his balls; massive balls that were big and hairy. I wondered if
as I aged my balls would grow and develop a lot of hair on the nut sac. I
hoped not as I preferred not having any hair on my balls or in my ass
crack. I returned to sucking on Sheldon's cock, while he was still working
on my feet to the point they were tingling. Suddenly, he pulled away and
turned around in the bed.

As we lay back on the bed our cocks still rock hard he remarked, "You know
how to suck a cock buddy."

"You are good at what you do too; no you are fuckin great!" I exclaimed.

"Thanks, I thought you'd enjoy it," Sheldon said with a big smile

"How did you know?" I asked.

"Know what," Sheldon replied.

"You know, that I'd be up for something like this."

"I didn't until I saw you buying the supplies earlier today," Sheldon said,
"I've had my eye on you every since you came to work for old man Driver."

"Really."

"Yep, but I felt you were too young," Sheldon said, "I had sexual fantasies
about you and Ronny because you all were inseparable. But when he went into
the Marine Corps I dismissed them figuring you guys were straight and just
best of friends."

"Yeah, we're just best friends," I lied, "that's why I'm driving his truck
while he's gone."

"Too bad the black kid had to go off to college. I would have enjoyed
servicing him," Sheldon said with a smile.

"Well, between you and me we serviced each other before he left for
college," I said with a bigger smile, "who knows, maybe when he comes back
we can all get together for a threesome."

Sheldon smiled back at me saying, "You dog," before he moved down to take
my hard cock into his mouth again. He began sucking my rigid rod with great
care. He certainly knew how to service a cock. Yes, Sheldon was an
accomplished cocksucker. He had me gyrating around on the bed moaning and
groaning with pleasure.

"Oh shit, suck me. Suck my cock. Oh baby, suck it. Suck all the juice outa
my balls," I went on and on telling the professional cocksucker what to do.

I felt a powerful explosion building within me.

Suddenly, I tensed up; my balls drew up inside me, "Oh man I'm cummin," and
began unloading shot after shot of creamy hot spooge into Sheldon's mouth.
I could feel him swallowing every drop of it. He nursed every drop of man
juice from my deflating cock I lay back totally spent as Sheldon licked all
the remaining spooge from my withering wang.

As the man next to me licked me clean he said, "Rest up baby, we're not
done by a long shot. The night's young."

Oh yes! I was going to get fucked, and hopefully more than once.

---

Untitled (Chapter 31)

Date: Mon, 13 Oct 2008 18:09:40 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave, Chapter 21: Coffee and Croissants

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com
Subject line: Marine Home on Leave.


Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 21: Coffee and Croissants


After seeing the movie with my newfound boyfriend I drove towards my
apartment. My mind was whirring with eager anticipation about what might
lay ahead for us after we arrived. I'd seen Lee without a shirt in his
underwear one day in Brandon and Ronny's room. From that quick peek in the
bedroom, and from what I'd seen and knew of the teenager from high school
days I was impressed. I was definitely looking forward to our rendezvous,
and hopeful that Lee might want to spend the night with me.

My lustful thoughts about us together had me aroused. My cock was straining
the fabric of my clothing as I drove through the streets of my town towards
home. Lee trailed in his car at a safe distance. A few blocks before my
apartment complex I signaled a turn into one of the local coffee shops. I
stopped the truck in the parking lot, got out and approached Lee's car. As
I approached his open window I asked, "You said that you wanted to get the
treats. Why don't we get some coffee to take with us?"

"Sure, what do you want?" Lee asked.

"A large house blend will be fine," I replied as Lee exited his car.

I watched Lee make his way to the coffee shop. Once inside I could see the
women at the counter filling the two cups with steaming hot coffee and put
a couple of pastries in a bag. Lee paid the lady and was back in the
parking area with the cardboard container containing the two large covered
paper cups along with a sack of something to satisfy our sweet tooth in
less than ten minutes.

"See you at my place. Once we get inside the gate I'll look for a visitor
parking place and point it out," I said.

I live in a gated apartment complex with designated visitor parking, so as
soon as I keyed in I spotted a vacancy. If you don't have a visitor parking
pass displayed security will tag the vehicle with a twenty-four hours tow
away notice. After the gate opened and I drove in I immediately saw that
the space open was marked "visitor parking." I motioned for Lee to take the
spot while I waited. He parked and then climbed into the cab of my truck
with the coffee. I headed towards my covered parking spot, parked and we
walked the few feet to my front door.

Once inside Lee sat the cardboard container with the steaming coffee on the
kitchen table. I didn't want to jump his bones immediately as Ty had done
me the day we met. We both seated ourselves, opening our coffees we began
to chill, conversing and sipping our drinks. Lee opened the sack offering
me a croissant. I broke a piece off and dunked it in my coffee. I soon
discovered that Lee was a virgin as far as anal sex. The most he had
engaged in thus far was mutual masturbation, oral sex and frottage.

Wow, I though to myself, frottage. That interested me and had since reading
about it on the Internet and watching a video. Lee continued describing
some of what the wrestling team trio had experimented with
sexually. Apparently, Lee wanted no part of either Brandon or Ty's huge
members up his ass. He also explained that performing oral sex on the two
had been painful to his jaws because of the sizes, especially Brandon. Lee
went on to explain that he truly enjoyed getting naked, putting some baby
oil on his crotch and then dry humping with Brandon and Ty.

The thought of dry humping Ronny or Ty had never really crossed my
mind. All I was interested in doing with them was to have them fill my ass
with their magnificent pieces of man meat; however, I was definitely up for
some frottage if that's what Lee was into. Then Lee went on explaining how
great it was to engage in some well-oiled face-to-face humping. He also
told me that the sensation produced having a dick sliding up and down his
lubricated butt crack was a real turn on. Needless to say, I was hard as a
piece of iron pipe, listening to Lee explain about frottage.

I asked him if he knew or had heard anything about me. He told me that the
three of them had talked about wanting to engage in sex with me and Ronny;
however, after Ronny went into the Marine Corps that pretty much ended
those fantasies for them. The trio had discussed the possibility of sex
with me a time or two.

I felt blessed that I was thought of so highly by the boys; moreover, I was
somewhat relieved that Ty hadn't blabbed to his friends about me and Ronny,
or the weekend Ty and I spent together fucking each other's brains out. We
continued the Q&A about our sexual exploits. To which I told him that I had
some experience sexually experimenting with guys. We exchanged some limited
information about our families as we continued drinking our coffee and
eating the croissants.

I thought I'd let things unravel at Lee's own pace before pushing the
envelop. I wanted my guest to become comfortable around me before making
any overt sexual moves towards him. I was so sexed up that I couldn't wait
any longer, "So, how long can you visit tonight?" I questioned, "You know,
do you have to get home right away or do you have a curfew?"

"No curfew for me Dude, you know, I'm over eighteen now. My parent's are
out of town this week, big family reunion."

"Cool."

"All I have to do is cover the store on my days until closing time. My
sister and brother also work certain hours." Lee said.

"Cool."

 "I was off today, so I decided to take in the movie after my classes," Lee
said.

"I'm glad you did and that we met up."

"Me too," Lee replied looking longingly across the table at me.

It was as though his dark eyes were communicating with me to ask the
question on both our minds. I sensed that Lee was looking for more than a
quick suck and fuck then get up and go home. That was really what the
sessions with Ty were about. We just wanted to satisfy our animalistic
instincts. I thought that Lee might want a little more intimacy. I finished
the last gulp of my coffee, got up and moved towards the sink. Lee handed
me his empty coffee cup with the empty sack wadded up inside it as I passed
by him. I threw the trash away, and then stood behind Lee with my hands on
his shoulders.

My guest didn't push me away, so I began to tenderly touch his shoulders
and neck. He moaned with pleasure under each tender touch. After a few
minutes Lee took my left hand in his and began kissing and stroking it. He
lightly touched my finger tips with his lips and then began sucking on
them. The attention Lee was paying to my hand was sexually arousing for me
and from what I could see in Lee's crotch he was aroused too. I didn't want
to bend down and kiss Lee on the lips until I'd used some mouthwash to rid
my mouth of the smell and taste of coffee. I turned around to the sink
where I grabbed the mouth wash, unscrewing the top and took a swig. I began
lightly gargling and finally spit the mint solution in the sink.

Lee was now standing next me at the sink asking, "May I use that?"

"Sure," I said passing the container of mouthwash to him.

Lee took a sip and gargled to get the coffee taste out of his mouth too. He
spit into the sink and looked at me. He put his arms around my neck and his
lips to mine, drawing me close. We kissed passionately for a few minutes
before he whispered in my ear, "I want to spend the night with you if it's
okay."

"I thought you'd never ask," I said kissing him back.

"In fact, I wanted to sleep with you for a couple of years," Lee said.

I grabbed Lee by the waist whereby he jumped a little as I lifted him up
onto the counter top. His legs quickly encircled my waist, pulling me tight
against him. We continued making out, our hands all over each other. I
could feel Lee's hard cock pressing against my chest. Lee didn't just want
to spend the night sleeping at my place; he was interested in some
meaningful lovemaking. The tone in his voice said so. I knew now that he
wanted to experience sex with me and I wanted to have sex with him.

We broke apart; Lee looked into my eyes saying, "I want to make love with
you tonight."

I kissed him passionately once again before saying, "Yeah, I want the
same."

As we kissed Lee's hands dropped down my chest finding my erect nipples. He
said, "So, you're not the only one with sensitive nipples."

He continued playing with one of my nipples as I moaned and groaned with
pleasure. With Lee still hanging onto me, legs locked around my waist, we
departed the kitchen heading towards my bedroom. On the way to the boudoir
I checked to make sure the deadbolt on the front door was thrown. Once we
entered the bedroom we eased onto the bed where we remained locked together
and began making out again.

Laying on the bed we both had a stale aroma of manliness about us. We
hadn't showered since morning. With our clothing on we began frotting as we
made out. We rolled back in forth; first one then the other on top. During
this time we managed to slip each other's shirts off. We were kissing each
other on the arms, shoulders and chest. We were all over each other
inhaling that musky smell. I could feel our hearts racing. I began undoing
Lee's pants. I wanted them off. I wanted both of us naked in each other's
arms.

As we both worked to get each other undressed we continued making out. We
finally shed all clothing except our socks. Once we were naked our hands
quickly moved towards each other's swollen cocks, feeling, stroking and
sizing them up. We placed them between us so our cocks might get better
acquainted. Our bodies were undulating, our hot hard cocks touching as we
dry humped in the dimly lit bedroom. Within a matter of minutes we turned
opposite each other on the bed, kissing and fondling each other.

Lee's mouth found my erect nipple. His tongue began bathing the pink nub as
I moaned with pleasure.

"Will anyone hear us?" Lee whispered.

"Never had a complaint before."

Lee was lightly biting on the erect pink bud as he passed the tip of his
tongue across the nipple. I gasped with pleasure. Oh my, Lee knew what to
do to my nipple that would bring moans and groans of euphoria. I wanted to
quickly please Lee.

My mouth found Lee's engorged cock and a few seconds later his mouth closed
around mine. Lee's cock tasted a little bitter and salty, not bad
considering neither of us had showered. I hoped the taste of my cock wasn't
turning my partner off. I licked the coronal ring around the base of his
cockhead and then worked on the area underneath. My tongue sought out his
piss slit to see if there was any precum yet. I sensed the taste of
urine. Probably from an earlier piss call.

We were both excited and thrashing around on the bed. The smothered low
moans of pleasure filled the bedroom. I wanted to bury my face in his black
bush inhaling the aroma, and then eat his ass out. All I could think about
was impaling my ass on Lee's hard cock. I couldn't believe what a
slut-bottom I'd turned into. Every since that first night when I took
Ronny's seven inches of cock up my ass I couldn't get enough. I'd become
addicted anal sex. And I wanted Lee's cock up my ass.

 My thoughts of getting fucked were interrupted by the sense that I was
about to cum, so I pulled my cock from Lee's mouth. We turned facing each
other once again and began frotting as we made out. Within a matter of
seconds my cock erupted like a volcano sending spooge squirting up between
our bodies. A few seconds later I could feel Lee tense up and blow a load.

We continued dry humping, the spooge serving as lubricant. Finally, we
broke apart and lay back on the bed. The room smelled of raw sex. A smell
I'd come to enjoy in the past months. The bed was damp from our sweat. I
wanted Lee to take me anally, but that would have to wait a few minutes
while we both regained our sex drive.

---

Untitled (Chapter 32)

Date: Mon, 6 Oct 2008 20:41:17 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave, Chapter 20: Horny as Hell

Please post this newest chapter of my story to the Nifty site.

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

Subject line: Marine Home on Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 20: Horny as Hell

Autumn is in the air and Halloween is around the corner. Brandon and Ty are
off attending their first year at college, while redeployment status for
Ronny is still six months away. The three-way Ty and I had discussed
earlier in the summer never came to fruition, and I'd only had one more
session of sex with Ty before he left. I was sexually frustrated and a
little depressed. Needless to say, I'd been without any real physical
sexual contact for weeks and was horny as hell. I didn't know if I could
wait six months for Ronny to return.

To overcome my horniness and melancholy I'd asked Ronny's dad for the day
off and was enjoying a leisure day roaming around the mall. Thus far, I'd
purchased a new pair of Levis, a package of underwear and a new shirt. Of
course, while shopping I was scoping out good looking guys in the mall. I'm
a people watcher and was looking for a hunk to pickup to satisfy my sexual
cravings.

I enjoy sitting out of the way unnoticed watching people interact. While
watching people I would try to determine certain characteristics about
them. I try to estimate by the bulge in the crotch or lack thereof what
caliber Johnson a guy might be packing; furthermore, I try to decide
whether the guy is gay or straight. Unfortunately, I had not been blessed
with the gift of gaydar. Due to that fact I'd probably missed out on a lot
of spontaneous sex during my youth. I decided to stop at the food court for
a quick snack before taking in the movie.

The movie I planned on seeing didn't start for another hour, so I had
plenty of time to eat and watch guys. The food court is always a good place
for people watching. I'd just find an out of the way table and then kick
back watching the meat parade while nibbling at my food. I walked up to the
counter to place my order when I heard a familiar voice ordering next to
me.

I turned and immediately recognized the person. I greeted the lanky
Korean-American teen standing next to me with, "Hello Lee, fancy meeting
you here."

"Hey Dude what's up," Lee replied in typical teenage vernacular.

"Nothing much and you?" I asked.

"Gonna see a movie this afternoon, but it doesn't start for a while."

"Me too," I said as I handed my money to the girl at the counter, "you
wanna sit and eat with me and chill while we wait for the flick to start?"

"Sure."

We both turned around eyeing possible seating in the food court. There was
an ideal table with two chairs in the far corner. I took the lead heading
for the vacant table.  Lee and I sat down and began eating my sandwich
without a word. After a few minutes I broke the silence asking what movie
he was waiting on. Come to find out we were both going to see the same
flick. I looked at the clock on the wall to see that we had at least
forty-five minutes till the theater opened, so I suggested we sit together
in the theater to which Lee quickly accepted.

Lee acceptance of my invitation was a good sign. As we sat eating our
sandwiches I couldn't help get the feeling that Lee was eyeing me. Of
course, I was sneaking peeks back in his direction and each time our eyes
met his eyes dropped back to his meal, but I was sensing he might be
interested in me. I'd had the hots for Lee since the first time I met him
in high school, but because I was a year ahead of him nothing ever
developed. Now that he was over eighteen and out of school I wondered if
there was a possibility that we might hook up for some spontaneous sex.

Lee had been part of the high school wrestling team and was a member of
Brandon and Ty threesome, so I figured he was either bisexual or gay. I
decided to engage him in conversation trying to feel him out.

"So, how come you aren't off attending college like Brandon and Ty? I
asked.

"I'm doing my first two years at junior college and then I'll to transfer,"
Lee said, that way I can save money and help my folks with the family
business. What are you doing?"

"Me, I'm still working for Ronny and Brandon's dad while I take classes. I
haven't seen you around campus."

"I attend classes and then it's straight to work. I don't have much time to
socialize," the teen said.

"What about girl friends?" I asked.

"No, girls are just too damn clingy. You know, once they get you inside
their web they tend to smother ya," the teen answered, "what about you?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"You know, you got a steady lady friend?" Lee asked.

"Nope. I feel the same as you when it comes to women. Too clingy, too
costly."

"I hear that," Lee replied with a smile as he went back to his sandwich.

I thought to myself there may be some hope for a little sexual rendezvous
with Lee after the movie. I continued our conversation trying to delicately
determine whether I should make the move or let Lee make it. I decided to
see what happened inside the theater. I made a couple of offhanded remarks
about two guys sitting on the other side of the food court. I told Lee that
I thought they might be a couple and were very hot. He agreed with
me. Finally, the clock indicated it was time to get moving towards the
theater.

Lee and I got up; putting our trash in the container we sat our trays on
the table as we exited the food court. We headed across the mall to the
theater where I bought the tickets for the late afternoon feature.

"Thanks Dude, but remember I get the treats after the movie," Lee said.

"Cool."

We went inside and found seat about half way up towards the middle: ideal
for viewing. We sat down as the trailers for upcoming films filled the big
screen. We sat motionless not saying anything while the trailers played. By
the time the movie started there were only a few people in the seats below
us and none above us. Of course, it was a weekday afternoon and the film
had been released for a while.

As we watched the movie I felt Lee's leg make contact with mine. I didn't
pull away and before long he was lightly rubbing his leg against mine. I
put the casual contact off to nerves. My arm was laying on the arm rest
between our seats. Within a few minutes Lee placed his arm next to mine. I
was almost sure this was his sexual signal. There was no one seated around
us, so I took the imitative. I lay my hand on top of his and began lightly
stroking the top of Lee's hand and fingers. He did have beautiful hands.

A few minutes later Lee took my hand gently putting it in his crotch for me
to feel his erection running down the inside of his thigh. I did the same
with his hand. We both caressed each other's cocks through the
fabric. Neither one of us spoke a word, our actions spoke volumes. We
finished watching the film. While the credits rolled we took our hands and
put them back in our laps so no one would see what we had been doing. We
sat for a few minutes to let our raging erection deflate.

"What about treats?" Lee asked.

"I think you'd make a tantalizing treat for the night," I said with a wry
smile.

Lee smiled back at me and after a few minutes we got up to leave the
theater.

"So, why don't you follow me back to my apartment for coffee," I said as we
walked through the lobby.

"Only if you got sugar to go with the coffee," Lee replied with a smile.

I took that as acknowledgement that we might be on for a night of sex. I
got into my vehicle and headed towards my apartment with Lee following
close behind. My head was filled with lustful thoughts about the lanky
Korean-American who was following me home.

---

Untitled (Chapter 33)

Date: Sun, 28 Sep 2008 09:32:36 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 19: Afternoon E-mails

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com
Subject line: Marine Home on Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 19: Afternoon E-mails

           I sat down in front of my computer on Sunday afternoon to check
my e-mails, and watch a couple videos of some hot twinks in action. After
turning the machine on and putting in my password I discovered two e-mails;
one from Ronnie and the other from Ty. I opened the weekly e-mail from
Ronnie. He began as usual by asking about his truck and if I was taking
good care of it. He then asked other general questions about life in our
hometown and our circle of friends.

We had promised each other that we would communicate at least once a
week. Ronnie felt that anything more often might arouse suspicions. He'd
called me a couple of times in the weeks since he departed, but most of the
time we e-mailed each other. After a few general questions Ronnie began
interrogating me, as if he was a CIA spy, questioning me about my sex life
or lack thereof since he'd been gone. His encrypted inquisition wanted to
know if I'd been faithful thus far. He wanted to know if I was getting any
strange yet. I tried to answer as honestly as possible without actually
saying anything sexual, so if censored would not get us in trouble.

            Before Ronnie left for Afghanistan we had an understanding that
our relationship was open and we both were free to satisfy our sexual needs
while apart. The only caveat was that we practice safe sex. In fact, it had
been Ronnie who suggested that I might want to explore engaging Ty or Lee
if I felt the need for sex. However, he wanted to know all the juicy sordid
details about our sexual trysts. Of course, that was impossible to send in
e-mails to a military person; however, the two of us had arranged to use
athletic terms and metaphors as a way to communicate anything sexual via
letters and e-mails while he was away.

Ronnie felt that the Marine Corps for security purposes monitored all
incoming and outgoing mail and e-mail as well as telephone calls. So, we
addressed any sexual messages in athletic terms; thus, in my reply I began
by telling him that Ty and I had played a few innings of baseball Saturday
afternoon. That meant we had engaged in a sexual marathon. I mentioned that
Ty brought a very impressive bat to the game and his batting technique was
good. That meant that Ty had an awesome appearing cock and used it well. I
also told Ronnie that Ty had scored three home runs while I had scored two
during the Saturday game. Ty had fucked me three times and I fucked him
twice.

            I hit the send button and off went my encrypted e-mail message
to my Marine lover so far away. I then opened Ty's e-mail to read it. He
thanked me profusely for such a sexually exhilarating time, "Twenty-four
hours of pure sexual bliss," he said. Ty said that he looked forward to
another stimulating session of passionate sex whenever I was ready;
however, he said that he hadn't had a chance to speak to Brandon yet about
a three-way encounter that Ty and I had discussed. From there he went on
telling me how much he enjoyed every inch of my body and fucking my tight
ass. Of course, by the end of the e-mail my cock was rock hard.

I replied, telling him to call me later in the day. After sending the reply
I had second thoughts about telling Ronnie that Ty boned me. Maybe I was
feeling a little guilty, but at least I'd been honest. I looked down at my
crotch and noticed the pink head of my cock poking out of my red pajama
bottoms. I could see that the slit in my cockhead was drooling. I
immediately thought about Ty and how much precum he could produce; mine was
minimal compared to him. Then I started thinking about Brandon and what Ty
had told me about the size of Brandon's cock. I knew that I wanted to see
the big cock all boned up, but didn't know if I wanted it penetrating my
tight ass. I decided to log onto one of my favorite websites and view some
hot videos before taking a shower.

 As I viewed the videos I thought about Ronnie. From the very first time
with him I felt he had just the right size cock to fit in my tight ass; not
too big, not too small. Ronnie's seven inches of medium thick cock was
blessed with a prominent but sleek beautiful glans. When erect his cock
curved gently back the head pointing towards his bellybutton as it stood at
attention. The slight curve to the cock shaft with the pronounced coronal
ring made for some magnificent feelings while he fucked me, especially when
we were facing each other. As Ronnie would slowly piston his rigid rod in
and out I could feel every inch of his girth and length filling my anal
cavity with total pleasure.

 The most profound feeling was when that magnificent cockhead of his would
rub my prostate. The feeling was electric; like little lightening strikes
that shook my body with rapture. Although both of us were relative novices
at male to male love making we had learned quickly in our relationship how
to bring pleasure to each other. Of course, Ty was no slacker in that
department. The only problem with Ty was his larger than average size. I
found his larger than average cock to be painful when we first began, but
the intense pain and burning was replaced by pleasure after a few minutes
of tenderness on Ty's part. Maybe I'd suffered initial anal pain with
Ronnie, but didn't remember it because of the pent up anticipation.

Anal pain is a fleeting thing and I wanted Ronnie inside me so bad that
first time pain didn't seem to matter. I had heard and read that there
would be a significant amount of pain on penetration, but I bit my lip as
Ronnie slid his hard cock inside me the first time. Of course, I had
practiced with my dildos for weeks prior to my Marine coming home on
leave. Maybe that's why the initial entry went a little easier and the fact
that Ronnie is not as big as Ty.

They say that one's first time will be remembered forever and I surely will
never forget that first time with Ronnie. And I'm sure I'll not forget the
first time with Ty. As I sat in front of my computer I couldn't get enough
of the young twinks sucking and fucking each other. My cock was hard and
leaking; it needed attention as well as my asshole. I turned the computer
off, got up, shed my pajama bottoms and then made my way to the bathroom.

I gathered up a couple of dildos with suction cups at the base on the way
and got into the shower. I stuck the phallic replicas to the shower
surround and began soaping them up. I wanted them clean before taking them
up my ass. First off I performed oral sex on the phallic toys and then I
rubbed my engorged cock against toys pretending that they represented
Ronnie in my shower. Finally, I prepared my asshole with a goodly amount of
my favorite body wash. I spread my ass cheeks in eager anticipation as I
began backing my awaiting ass into the seven incher.

The slippery cockhead hit my brown eye and a shiver went through my body. I
didn't know why but every time I felt a cockhead knocking at my backdoor my
body reacted as it were the first time. I began clinching my sphincter
muscles and then relaxing trying to get ready to take the big dildo into my
anal cavity.

After a few seconds of clinching and relaxing I felt the head of the
phallic toy pop in. I wasn't ready to take the full seven inches. I wanted
to play the cockhead in and out of my asshole opening a few times before
taking the full length. I would let the head go in and then withdraw
it. Each time I would squeeze a little more body wash into my hand and coat
the dildo and my asshole. Then I go back to replaying the whole thing over
again. Finally, I buried the full length of the plastic toy in my ass.

I began working my ass up and down on the soapy slick dildo as I jacked my
hard cock. Each time I withdrew and then slid back down on the dildo I
could feel the coronal ring of the cockhead rub against my prostate. The
anticipation and thrill of being fucked by the toy was building inside
me. After a few more strokes I ejaculated on the shower curtain. The last
bit of the spooge I collected in my hand. I brought my hand to my mouth
licking the fresh man juice from my fingers and hand.

As I savored the tangy taste of my own ejaculate I slid down to the base of
the dildo letting it fill my ass with its entirety. I squeezed the last bit
of man milk from my softening cock into my hand and lapped it up. I love
the taste of semen. My heart was racing as I leaned against the shower
surround with the dildo filling my ass. I was daydreaming about another
session of sex with Ty, Brandon or Lee, hopefully we would get together for
that threesome or foursome.

---

Untitled (Chapter 34)

Date: Wed, 27 Aug 2008 12:41:34 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home ON Leave Chapters 17 and 18

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

Subject line: Marine Home on Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper
Chapter 17: Dreaming About Sex

Ty and I had enjoyed a day filled with playful sex. We had taken things
slow and hadn't taken our sexual exploits to the ultimate level yet.
Neither of us had fucked the other.

As I lay in my bed that Saturday night after a day of sex I slept fitfully,
dreaming about Ty's brown bone invading my anal area. I could almost feel
the big crimson cockhead pushing into my anal opening. Then I felt the hot
breath on my shoulder and realized I was not dreaming.

"Oh God, that feels so fuckin good," was all I could murmur as Ty pushed
his hard cock up into my butt crack.

Ty whispered back, "God your ass is so hot Baby."

I pushed back against the brown boner, letting it find comfort nestled in
my ass crack. Ty reached over me and began fondling my hard nipple as he
kissed along my shoulder blade. We lay spooning not saying a word, just
holding each other. I could feel the wetness of his precum overflowing from
the head of his cock. Ty was one of those guys that could produce precum
like an artesian well. The watery substance flowed into my butt crack
copiously, but precum is not a slick lubricant.

"Do you want the Astroglide Baby?" I asked my bedmate.

"Yeah."

"Reach up on the headboard above you there's a tube," I replied.

I could feel Ty fumbling around in the dark looking for the purplish color
tube of lubricant. Finally, after a few seconds I reached up to retrieve it
and handed it off to Ty behind me. I heard him opening the flip top cap,
squeezing out a goodly amount and proceeded to rub the lube my
bunghole. Damn, his fingers felt so good massaging the slippery substance
into my ass crack.

After a few seconds I rolled over facing my partner. Throwing my leg over
Ty's hip I grabbed his hand and pushed it between my legs then whispered
into his ear, "Oh Baby finger fuck me."

Ty didn't need a second invitation. I could feel his slender finger
methodically start searching out my asshole. In a matter of seconds the
middle digit on his right hand found the mark and began working its
magic. I had noticed earlier that Ty's finger nails were cut close and well
manicured, so they posed no problems as far as tearing. With precision and
tenderness Ty continued exploring the delicate and sensitive area of my
anus. He took his time working his finger into my asshole.

All I was able to mutter was, "Oh shit, Oh Damn that feels so fuckin
good. Finger fuck me Baby."

With the finger of a magician Ty worked his talented digit in and out of my
well-lubricated asshole. The nerve endings in my anus had peaked with
desire. Each tender touch of his finger was electrifying me. Our mouths
closed on each other's and our tongues began dueling. I held his mammoth
manhood in my hand as he continued diddling me. Our free hands were pulling
each other closer. Fireworks were going off inside my head as we
embraced. Ty's finger finally touches my "G" spot. I broke our embrace with
a gasp gushing, "OH BABY DON'T STOP. FINGER FUCK ME FOREVER!"

Ty admonished me to settle down as I gyrated about the bed wailing while he
continued finger fucking me. Oh damn I wanted that big brown bone of his
inside me, but his talented finger was driving me wild with each touch. I'd
already discovered how talented his mouth was now I was finding out the
gift of his finger.

"Oh My God, I've never been finger fucked like that Baby," I murmured to
Ty.

"Wait till I get my cock up inside you Baby, you'll want it everyday. Maybe
two or three times a day."

"Oh I hope so," was all I could say.

I was lost in the moment and had forgotten about Ronnie. I wanted Ty to
fuck me in the worst way. I wanted to feel his big bone invade my ass and
slow fuck me for the rest of the night.



Chapter 18: Surprise

Ty continued the fantastic finger foreplay, tantalizing my asshole with his
dominate digit. I cooed and moaned excitedly with each titillating
touch. Ever once in a while he would touch my "G" spot whereby my moans got
louder. Ty now had two fingers inside me working my anal opening, readying
me for his mammoth manhood. Finally, he whispered in my ear, "You ready
Baby?"

"Yeah."

Ty withdrew his fingers from my ass. I rolled over on my back. Ty lifted my
legs in the air to expose my ass. I pulled my legs back to my chest and
then reached around grasping my buns with both hands spreading them apart
for easy entrance. Ty scooted up to my bottom lining his rigid brown rod
with my asshole. I felt the spongy head touch my well-prepared anal opening
and gasp. Ty pressed his cockhead into my bunghole. I winced with pain and
bit my lower lip. Ty stopped pushing and leaned into me kissing me.

"Just push back and it'll pop in Baby."

I knew that, but I'd never taken a cock as thick as Ty's before. We worked
together for a few minutes then I felt his huge spongy cockhead slip past
the first ring. I gasped again and Ty ceased pushing into me. Once again he
leaned in kissing me while maintaining pressure on my asshole. Then he
moved down to my chest and took one of my nipples into his mouth. I gasped
again. At that moment the head of Ty's cock and about two inches of shaft
fully penetrated my ass. At first I felt searing pain, but the pain soon
turned to feelings of pleasure.

Ty said, "I'm in Baby now I'm gonna slow fuck you all night."

"Oh yeah Baby, fuck me till daybreak if you want."

I wrapped my legs around Ty's midsection locking my ankles together as I
felt the entirety of his cock slide up inside me. Once he bottomed out his
bush was tickling my balls as he laid on my front; his stomach sandwiching
my hard cock between our bodies. He began kissing me, letting me get used
to the super size schlong buried inside me. Soon all the pain subsided
replaced by palatable pleasure. I was in hopes that Ty would take a while
before he unloaded inside me.

"Tell me when you're ready for a ride," Ty said.

"I'm ready anytime big boy."

With that Ty rose and began slowly pumping his piston in and out of my
well-lubed ass. He would withdraw almost all the way and then ease it all
the way in. He did this about a half dozen times then withdrew all the
way. There was a little pain at that point. Ty sat back on his heels and
squeezed more of the lubricant into my open ass. He then pressed his
cockhead against my anus playing the head in and out of my asshole. The
feeling of just the head breaching my sphincter and then withdrawing was
mind blowing.

"That's a trick Brandon and Lee taught me."

"Wow, you guys must have some pretty raucous sex sessions," I said.

"Yeah. You think getting you ready to fuck took a while. When Brandon and I
tried it the first couple times I didn't think we were gonna get it done."

"Why?" I asked.

"You think I'm big Baby. Brandon is thicker. It took at least a half dozen
tries before he could fuck me and his cock has gotten thicker since.

"Damn!"

"Took me three tries with Brandon before I could get him to take me," Ty
said as he continued easing his eight inch cock in and out of my ass.

"So, how long you guys been a threesome?" I asked.

"We got together in middle school, but didn't fuck each other until our
freshman year in high school."

"Wow!" I exclaimed.

"There was another guy in middle school, but he went his separate way," Ty
said, "from that time on it's just been the three of us."

"So, is it always a threesome with you guys?" I asked.

"Naw, a lot of the time it's just two of us. Only on special occasions do
we get together and do a threesome," Ty replied.

Ty continued slow fucking me while we carried on our conversation. Finally,
I asked, "Man where did you get the staying power?"

"Lee taught Brandon and me that trick. Part of it is what we're doing
now. I keep my mind off pleasuring my dick and pleasing you while we
talk. If I don't talk I'm thinking about sports or something non sexual."

"Wow, never thought of that."

"Another thing, I try to get a load off before fuckin."

"Yeah, I do the same thing with Ronnie."

"So, is Ronnie the only other boy you've had sex with?" Ty asked.

"Yeah, he's the only other boy I fucked until tonight."

"We're gonna have to get Brandon in on the next time," Ty said.

"Why?"

"Hell, you're all he talks about. He thinks your so fuckin hot and has
every since he first saw you in wrestling that first year in high school,"
Ty said.

"Damn, I wished I'd have known that earlier."

"Yeah, I won the coin toss to see who was gonna take care of you first
after Ronnie left," Ty said.

"What!" I exclaimed.

"Brandon and I talked about what I saw and heard the day I went back up to
the brother's bedroom when you and Ronnie were going at it hot and heavy in
the shower."

"I sensed that someone had been in the room that day."

"So, you think you'd be up for a threesome with Brandon and me?" Ty asked.

"Oh God Yes!" I exclaimed as I excitedly pushed back into Ty's thrusts.

I looked over at the window and could see twilight filtering through. A new
day was dawning and my sex partner for the night hadn't busted a nut yet.



I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoy another
chapter. E-mail me at bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

---

Untitled (Chapter 35)

Date: Wed, 23 Jul 2008 09:14:09 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapters 15 and 16

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com Subject line: Marine Home on
Leave.

Marine Home on Leave
By Randall Rumper

Chapter 15: My Marine is Gone

After two weeks of serious sex my Marine boy friend that had been home on
two weeks leave before deploying with his unit to Afghanistan was gone, and
I was lonely. I felt abandon, so lonesome and so horny. I yearned for
Ronny's touch.  I missed my Marine and that beautiful cock of his buried in
my ass. My asshole would still twinge and tingle from time to time longing
for it to be filled by Ronny's seven inch schlong. I was becoming hornier
with each day he was away.

As I played with my hard nipples through the fabric of my T-shirt that
Saturday morning in July I gasped. My eyes were closed as I lay in bed
visualizing Ronny taking one of my hard nipples in his mouth, gently
kissing and licking it. Then his body closed on mine his hard cock entered
me and began fucking me in true Marine fashion to fruition.

Ah, what a wonderful fantasy. The weeks since my Marine departed had left a
huge void in my life, not to mention my ass. After two weeks of making love
I was sure Ronny was the only person I ever wanted to touch me; to take me
to heights of carnal contentment, to fuck me. I recalled the conversation
before Ronny went back to the base. He told me that if I got horny feel
free to seek out someone to help me out and fill my sexual needs.

My Marine was so caring and compassionate; he was generous to a fault. I
was trying to be faithful, but it was getting harder to do and so was my
dick with every day Ronny was gone. I was a confused young man with mixed
emotions and sexual needs in my life. I wanted to stay true and faithful to
Ronny, but as a young man I had physical needs. I thought about Ronny's
brother Brandon as well as his two friends Lee and Ty all the time; three
hot eighteen year old boys with hot bodies that had recently graduated from
high school. I dreamed about what it would be like to engage in sex with
one or all of them.

I saw and lusted for Brandon at the shop everyday where he had begun
working during the summer as tow truck driver and parts runner to make
spending money before he departed for college in the fall. I had taken
Ronny's place and Brandon had taken mine in the hierarchy of things at the
Driver family business. Mrs. Driver invited me to the Drivers for dinner
two or three times a week because Mom had sold our house and moved to
another town. She'd become engaged to a guy and moved in with him, so I
took an apartment after she sold the house. Being around Brandon made me
hornier than ever.

Brandon was a beautiful eighteen year old boy with Chestnut brown hair and
tremendous athletic physique. Although I'd seen him naked a few times I'd
only seen his cock in its flaccid state. When I visited Brandon, Ty and Lee
would lounge around Brandon and Ronny's room in their underwear. I'd seen
Ty and Lee a few times since the end of May's combined birthday and
graduation party. Ty was still covertly flirting with me whenever we ran
into each other. He'd give me those off-handed come-hither looks and we'd
engage in clandestine sexual banter back and forth out of ear shot of
others. I was still having that fantasy about the five of us engaging in a
big sexual orgy on a huge bed in a hotel some place, but nothing had taken
place.

At the Driver family's annual Fourth of July party everyone was present as
in past years but Ronny. Of course Ty was there and had hit on me a few
times during the afternoon and evening. At the end of the day we sat
together in the Driver's backyard watching the fireworks show that was put
on a couple blocks away. Ty kept rubbing his leg against mine in a sexually
flirtatious fashion. Finally, I made a bold before the party broke up. I
invited him to come by my apartment the next afternoon. He didn't hesitate,
accepting my invitation immediately.



Chapter 16: Mixed Feelings

Saturday afternoon arrived and the tall African-American eighteen year old
showed up about two looking mighty fine. As soon as Ty entered the
apartment I closed the door, and then he immediately spun around pinning me
against the door. His lips gently closed against mine while his tongue
began licking and touching my lips in a sensual manner. I opened my mouth
accepting his soul searching tongue. We continued making out exploring each
other's mouths with our tongues. I could feel Ty's hard manhood as his body
pressed against mine. We made out for what seemed like an hour, but was
more like ten minutes. We finally broke apart and Ty whispered into my ear,
"I want to have sex with you. I want us to fuck each other like you and
Ronny were fucking each other the day I slipped back into Brandon and
Ronny's room for the jock strap."

"I don't know."

"What's wrong Bro? Is it because I'm black?" Ty asked with a disappointed
look.

Ty's comment took me aback. I'd never considered myself a racist, prejudice
against a person because of their ethnicity. Now, I found myself
questioning the racial comment Ty made. I'd never been with a black man
before. In fact, I'd only had sexual history with a couple of guys, and
Ronny was the only person with whom I'd engage in anal sex. Did I have an
unconscious aversion to Ty because he was black? Of course not. Ty was
biracial, half black and half white. His dad was African-American and his
mother was Caucasian. Ty inherited his lighter skin hue and facial features
from his mother and his athletic prowess from his father. No doubt the size
of his dick too.

"No, no. I just don't know," I responded to Ty racial accusation.

"Know about what?" Ty asked.

"You know, I want to be true to Ronny. It's not you or the color of your
skin. Ronny gave me his truck to keep while he's gone. You know, that's
kinda like a ring thing. You know, like were supposed to be going steady
with each other."

"I didn't know you guys was that serious," Ty said.

"Yeah we are, but I want sex with you too. I'm just so fuckin confused."

"Well I sure as hell want to have sex with you and I'm not confused about
that," Ty said, in fact, I've dreamed about doin sex with you since the
first time I saw you in high school, but you were older at the time."

"Yeah, I remember when you joined the wrestling team I thought you were
hot."

As the lustful conversation continued Ty and I moved to the couch with Ty
on top. We lay there on the couch both feeling and fondling each other's
bodies. We were touching each other's hard cocks and nipples through the
fabric of our clothing. Oh God, I wanted the forbidden fruit I felt hidden
beneath Ty's Levis inside me. I want it all the way up my ass. From what I
was feeling Ty was well-endowed, maybe more so than Ronny. I closed my eyes
visualizing him entering my ass with that sweet brown sugar loaf of his.

"You okay?" Ty questioned.

"Yeah, just thinking what that hard cock of yours might look like."

"Why don't I satisfy your curiosity," Ty said with a wry smile as he stood
up, "you can look and if you don't want to touch it or you don't like what
you see I'll understand."

As Ty stood in front of me he began leisurely unbuckling his belt and
unbuttoning the fly. My eyes were riveted to his body. My mouth began
watering as his Levis dropped to the floor divulging the huge bulge in his
briefs. After Ty's Levis fell to the floor he slowly pulled his T-shirt
over his head dropping it behind him revealing the entirety of his fallow
skinned athletic body.  Oh My God, there he stood wearing nothing but a
pair of Joe Boxer briefs with a thick hard cock outlined beneath the white
cotton fabric. His well-muscled wrestler legs looked so fine as well as his
chiseled abdomen and upper body. Ty had one hella beautiful brown body.

"Oh My God," was all I could say as I gazed upon Ty's body and the big
bulge outlined in his briefs.

"You like what you see," Ty said with a smile as his finger tips began
tracing the outline of the hidden cock that was pointing up diagonally
towards the right.  There was a large wet spot developing at the top of the
swollen schlong that caught my eye. Suddenly, I reached for the brown body
in front of me. I grasp Ty by the buns pulling him towards me. I buried my
face in his briefs inhaling his masculine musk aroma while I kissed up and
down the length of his hard rod through the cotton fabric. Finally, my lips
pressed against the underside of his cockhead while my tongue tasted the
enlarging precum wet spot on his white briefs. The aroma coming from Ty's
body and tasty tang from the wet spot on his Joe Boxers was overwhelming.

I pulled my face away from Ty's crotch and exclaimed, "Wow! That's a super
size whopper beneath those briefs Dude."

"Yeah, it's a full eight incher, but if you want to see a big dick you need
to see Brandon all boned up."

"Really!" I replied.

Ty pushed me back down on the couch and began pulling my cargos off. Once
he had my pants off he then pulled my T-shirt off revealing my white
body. My briefs covered the recognizable bulge that indicated I was ready
for action. Ty didn't pull my drawers off; instead, he eased down lying on
top of me. I could feel his behemoth manhood pressing against my pubic area
and his hot sweet breath on my neck. We began making out while we dry
humped. We were both moaning and groaning with lustful passion as we easily
rolled off the couch onto the carpet.

An aggressive Ty held my head in place while pressing his lips against
mine. Our tongues dueled. That huge thing in his crotch was rubbing against
my cock as Ty manipulated my hard nipple between his forefinger and
thumb. I groaned out pleasurable responses to his touches. We continued
gyrating around on the floor pursuing the set sexual gymnastics. Suddenly,
Ty grabbed my legs, putting them over his shoulders. He began titillating
my taint with the huge covered cock while the wet head banged my ball sac.

"Oh Yes, I want you," was all I could blurt out.

Ty kept rocking back and forth rubbing my ass crack with the bulge hidden
in his briefs. The wet spot had grown and was getting wetter with each
thrust. Ty rode me like a professional cowboy riding a bull. I reached
around grasping my buns spreading them further apart to give Ty's monster
manhood better access as I growled, "Fuck me, Oh fuck me baby."

I was fast losing control and could no longer regulate my lust for Ty. I
want his full eight inches inside me not just a cock covered by cotton
briefs riding against my buttock, but I didn't want to be unfaithful to
Ronny. I kept squeezing Ty's buns wanting him to drill me deeper. Finally,
I whispered, "I gotta see that cock of yours that's setting me on fire."

Ty rose up in front of me. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of his
briefs ripping them down his legs freeing the monster hidden beneath. Once
the briefs slid over Ty's ass and down his legs he rocked back with his
buns resting on his heels. His brown bone rebounded slapping against his
well-defined stomach. The massive piece of meat stood straight up at a
steep angle.

"Oh Shit Dude, that's one big beautiful brown cock."

"Thanks," Ty said, "it's all yours baby. Do what ever comes natural," as he
sat back on the carpet his crotch fully exposed.

I wanted to suck Ty's cock; a cock that was still overflowing with
precum. I remarked, "Dude your cock is running with precum like an artesian
well."

Ty laughed at what I had said and then said, "Yeah, a problem I've had
since puberty."

I bent forward grasping the brown bone in my right hand bringing it down
leveling it with my waiting mouth. The precum glistened at the tip as it
ran down the underside of his dick. My tongue began lapping the oozing
drool from below the urethral opening and then began scooping the precum
from the piss slit. My tongue coated with precum began licking all over
Ty's pink cockhead. I thought it so strange that Ty's cock shaft and
scrotal sac were a darker brown than his body, but the glans was pink with
a prominent crimson coronal ring.

My tongue worked its way all around the knob, circling the conspicuous
coronal ring and then tantalizing the frenulum. After much attention to the
cockhead I worked my way slowly down the underside to the base of Ty's
cock. My nose began gently rooting around in his black curly bush taking in
the musky aroma. I sniffed while I played with Ty's firm eggs, feeling them
through the hairless wrinkled nut sac. "Damn Dude, these things feel full,"
I said to Ty as I continued manipulating them between my fingers.

"Yeah, I haven't jacked off in three days. I guess that's why there is so
much precum."

"Wow, you got a load built up," I said before taking Ty's cock into my
mouth.

I began to slowly piston back and forth on the first three inches of the
eight inch monster as I listened to Ty moan and groan. The thickness of
Ty's cockhead was about all my mouth could accept. As I would withdraw my
lips lingered at the coronal ring as my tongue came up from the underside
licking the frenulum before I began scooping more of the precum from the
piss slit. Each time my lips pass over the coronal ring Ty let out with a
loud moan of ecstasy. I sensed that no one before had nursed the head of
Ty's cock as I was doing it.

"Oh Baby, don't stop," Ty said in a guttural growl.

"Tell me before you cum. I don't want you to blow my head off with a
powerful explosion.

Again, Ty chuckled at what I'd said and told me that he'd warn me. I
continued sucking Ty's cock, listening to him moan with pleasure. Suddenly,
I could feel his balls pull up high and his scrotal sac tighten. I knew it
was about time. Ty grabbed my head and yelled, "I'm cummmmmming."

I pulled my mouth off grabbing his saliva slick cock in my hand and
continued pumping it not missing a beat. Then POW, the first of five
explosive shots of thick white spooge shot out of the head of Ty's cock
like a howitzer firing a ceremonial salute. My face and chest were coated
with cum. I continued stroking the cock in front of me watching the last of
the ejaculate seep out of the urethral opening. I bent forward letting my
tongue lick some of the lingering residue of semen from the head of Ty's
softening cock.

My hand remained clutched around Ty's deflating cock as I continued to lick
at the ejaculate that was slowly oozing from the pink piss slit. "Do I
taste good baby?" Ty asked.

"Yeah," I replied. The taste was tangy, but enjoyable.

As I held Ty's contracting cock in my hand I knew that I had to have more.



I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoy another
chapter. E-mail me at bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

---

Untitled (Chapter 36)

Date: Thu, 15 May 2008 13:44:29 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave: Chapters 11, 12, 13 and 14

  Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com .  Subject line: Marine Home
on Leave.

  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 11: Meeting the Jocks

  After the harrowing experience with the young deputy sheriff Ronny and I
departed the isolated rural area and headed towards town. We rode back to
town silence, knowing how lucky we'd been when the Undersheriff responded
to the deputy's backup call. Ronny pulled into the driveway and pulled the
truck under the carport next to the garage. We sat there for a few minutes
not saying anything. The next thing we knew Mr. Driver pulled the tow truck
into the driveway, parking it on the pad next to us. We all got out of our
vehicles and began walking towards the house.

  "Ronny, I heard you boys had a run in with "Barney" earlier this
afternoon," Mr. Driver called out, making reference to the young deputy as
Barney Phife from the old television show.

  "Yeah," Ronny responded, "sure doesn't take long for good news to get
back to town."

  "Look boys, the deputy may be a little over zealous in the pursuit of law
and order around town, but basically he's a good boy," Mr. Driver said.

  We all entered the house where we were met by Mrs. Driver and
Janie. Ronny's Mom told us that dinner would be ready in about an hour. I
could hear boisterous laughter coming from upstairs, so Ronny and I headed
towards the merriment. When we got to the bedroom Brandon and two of his
wrestling buddies were laying sprawled on the beds in nothing but their
underwear laughing and talking about the wrestling tournament. They had all
won their individual weight classes at the tournament and were stoked.

  Ronny went to the bathroom immediately to shower leaving me with the
excited wrestlers. They all looked so hot; their toned athletic bodies so
very alluring. The bedroom smelled very manly. On Ronny's bed was
Korean-American boy I knew named Lee. Brandon and his best friend Tyrone
were lying on Brandon's bed. I sat down next to Lee admiring the physiques
and physical attributes of the trio. I secretly wondered if any of the boys
were into male on male sex. They didn't seem the least bit inhibited in the
presence of the others and surely weren't shy about me being in the room
with them.

  The boys included me in the conversation as they resumed talking about
the wrestling tournament. I noticed that Ty, lying on his right side
opposite me on the bed alongside Brandon, kept looking at me smiling. What
was he thinking, I wondered. Although the two were lying on their sides on
the bed facing me they were in a position to have been sixty-nining each
other before Ronny and I came in to the room.

  The way Brandon and Ty were laying Ty's package was hidden from my prying
eyes behind Brandon's big chest. Lee made no move to cover up his near
nakedness. From what I could see outlined beneath his shorts he had nothing
of which to be ashamed. And of course Brandon was not hiding anything I
hadn't seen before, but he did look as though he was packing a larger
caliber Johnson the closer he got to eighteen. Needless to say, with the
manly aroma permeating the room and the buzz of near naked men talking
about grappling with other men I was all atwitter inside thinking about the
three hunks in the room with me.

  If the boys were out of high school and eighteen I would have been all
over them, but they weren't. Besides, my man was in the shower. However, I
was becoming aroused thinking about a group sex encounter with the three
other boys in the room as Ronny showered. If the boys weren't there and
there was no one downstairs I'd be in the shower with Ronny having sex,
having sex just like earlier that day. Lee startled me as he swung his body
around putting his sock feet on the floor. He got up and walked across the
room to put on his Levis, T-shirt and shoes. Damn, he had a nice body and
buns.

  "Hey, I gotta run guys. See you all later," Lee said as he departed the
room, bounding down the stairs.

  "So, you gonna stay for dinner Ty?" Brandon asked after Lee left the
room.

  "Sure," Ty replied, "turn over I'm ready to dine now."

  Brandon blushed and seemed a little embarrassed by Ty's overt comment. I
wondered if the two were a couple. They seemed very comfortable lying on
the bed nearly naked nest to each other. Before I could let my mind run
wild with thoughts about the two engaging in sex on the bed across form me
Ronny appeared.

  "What're you two love birds doing tonight?" Ronny directed the question
to Brandon and Ty.

  "Nothin much. Brandon won't turn over so there ain't gonna be no
appetizers before dinner," Ty joked.

  The three continued the sexual banter, verbally sparring with each
other. Finally, Ty asked Brandon if he could shower before dinner. I said
that I needed to shower too. Everyone got up off the beds. Brandon, who had
already showered and his brother got dressed for dinner. They laid out a
couple of fresh T-shirts. Mom Driver called up from the foot of the stairs
announcing that dinner would be ready in about fifteen minutes. Brandon and
Ronny bounded downstairs leaving Ty and me to take our showers and get
dressed before dinner.


  Chapter 12: Ty's Come-on

  With the two of us alone in the bedroom Ty quickly shucked his shorts
exposing a very nice looking brown noodle. I guessed his cock to be about
five inches limp. My cock jumped inside my boxers seeing that beautiful
brown sugar loaf. In its flaccid state I could see about half the crimson
glans; however, the coronal ring remained covered by foreskin. I wondered
if Ty could peel the foreskin all the way back exposing the complete
cockhead. My mental thoughts were quickly answered as Ty fiddled with his
cock, manipulating the foreskin pulling it back exposing the cherry
knob. Ty's cockhead reminded me of a big black cherry, very dark red and
shiny. I couldn't take my eyes off his cock as I disrobed in preparation
for my shower.

  We both stood naked in front of each other. I told Ty, "You go ahead and
shower first I need to take a dump."

  I sat down on the toilet while Ty bent his beautiful mocha body forward
in front of me, working the water mixer to temper the shower water. His
nice light tight brown buns were within inches of my face. I could smell
the aroma coming from his body. The shallow dimple in his buttock was
clearly noticeable, and I could see his cock hanging semi-erect from his
crotch as he worked the water mixer. If he were a little older I'd spin him
around and be sucking that Tootsie Roll with its black cherry knob as I sat
on the throne.

  Ty stepped into the shower and began to lather up. I had a clear view of
his body from my position on the toilet. I wanted to reach in and stroke
Ty's manhood, but I thought better. Ty began soaping up his crotch and
cock, pulling on his meat. Within a few seconds his brown shaft was fully
extended and inflated. I guessed it to be about seven inches long and maybe
six inches thick fully engorged. Damn, what a magnificent looking glans.

  "Gary, anytime you want to taste some of this brown sugar you let me know
baby."

  "Huh," I replied a little startled by the announcement from the shower.

  "You know, I was in the room earlier today to get Brandon's jock that he
forgot. You and Ronny were in here going at it hot and heavy from what I
heard."

  "Heard what?"

  "I heard you two. Sounded to me like you guys were fucking each other's
brains out in here in the shower this morning."

  "I... I...," I didn't know what to say or how to reply.

  Ty stepped out of the shower leaving it running for me, his meat still
semi-erect swinging in front of me. I got up off the toilet and stepped
into the shower; my cock was in full bloom. As I washed my body I thought
about what Ty had said. After I got out, dried off and walked back into the
bedroom Ty was standing there pulling on a clean T-shirt.

  "You didn't say anything to Brandon or anyone else did you?" I asked.

  "Hell no. Your secret is safe with me; besides, ain't nothin Brandon and
I ain't done before."

  "Really."

  "Damn man why do you think we all wrestle. You wrestled in high
school. You know what its like," Ty said with a smile.

  About then Mrs. Driver called up from the bottom of the stairs announcing
dinner was ready. I finished dressing and was the last one to be seated at
the table. I took a seat next to Ronny directly across from Ty. He looked
across and smiled seductively. My cock immediately jumped to attention
inside my pants. My sexual life was in its beginning stages. Ronny was my
first real sexual partner. We were learning things together, but he would
be gone in a few more days and I would be left high and dry.

  As we ate Mrs. Driver announced that she was throwing a graduation and
birthday bash in late May. Brandon would turn eighteen the first week of
June. Lee had just turned eighteen and Ty would be eighteen in two
weeks. So, Ronny's Mom had made plans to celebrate the boy's high school
graduation and their birthdays on Saturday the 31st of May. She was
announcing the party early so we could all secure dates if we
wanted. Again, Ty smiled across the table at me.

  I felt Ty's foot rubbing against mine. I tried to control myself, but I
knew I was blushing.

  "Is there something wrong Gary," Mrs. Driver asked.

  "No. I was just thinking about who to ask to the party," I replied.

  "If you boys don't have dates you can still come and have fun," Ronny's
Mom said.

  Having fun and cumming were definitely on my mind. I wanted to play with
Ty and wanted to know if Brandon and Lee were players too. I wanted to
remain faithful to Ronny also. I was deeply conflicted. My hormones were
running wild. I felt like a male nymphomaniac. Seemed to me that all I was
interested in of late was sex and more sex. I couldn't get enough of it; I
was addicted to sex like those addicted to cocaine or heroine. I was
beginning to wonder if I had a problem.


  Chapter 13: Ty Makes His Play

  With dinner finished we all got up, put our dishes in the sink and
adjourned to the deck outside. Just as we got comfortable Mr. Driver
received a call on his cell from police dispatch requesting two tow trucks
for a motor accident.

  "I hate to breakup this party, but two of my trucks are needed for a
motor vehicle accident on the Interstate. I'll need for Brandon to go with
me and pick up another truck."

  "I'll go with you all too," Ronny spoke up.

  Ronny handed me the keys to his pick up and said, "You guys can follow
along or wait till we get back."

  Ty said that he needed to get home, but was willing to ride along with me
in case I was needed at the accident scene. However, he asked if I could
drop him off at his house on the way back. I told him that was no problem;
besides, I would have a chance to talk to Ty more privately. We all headed
towards the vehicles, leaving Mrs. Driver and Janie alone.

  Once Ty and I got on the road we began talking about the discussion we
had been engaged up in the bedroom in before dinner. Ty said that he had
been eying me since our high school days. He told me about the threesome:
Brandon, Lee and him. He told me how they all met and got together. Then he
surprised me when he said, "You ever seen Brandon all boned up?"

  "No. Not really. I've seen him naked a few times throughout the years,
but never with a boner."

  "Well, you got a surprise comin bro."

  "How's that?"

  "Brandon has the biggest fuckin dick among us. He is longer than any of
us and thicker too."

  "Wow!" I exclaimed.

  "So, what all do you guys do?" I asked.

  "Brandon is pretty much the bottom because he's too big to get it in me
or Lee's ass," Ty said, "Besides, he really likes to get fucked.

  "Maybe after we graduate we all can get together for a foursome. That is
if you're not solely committed to Ronny."

  "I need to think about that, but I'd definitely be up for some fun with
you guys."

  "So, are you a top or bottom?" Ty asked.

  "I enjoy both, but I prefer to get fucked."

  "Cool. So do I," Ty replied, "I bet I could give you one hella great fuck
dude."

  We stopped in front of the shop so Brandon and Ronny could get the other
tow truck. Once the two brothers had the second truck up and running we
headed out to the Interstate. As we drove towards the Interstate Ty began
talking again saying, "You know Lee and me think that Ronny is so totally
hot."

  "Oh yeah, he is hot," I responded.

  The two of us continued talking as we drove. Finally, we arrived on the
scene of the accident. The vehicles had been pushed off to the
shoulder. Ronny and Brandon hooked up one car while Mr. Driver and I hooked
up the second vehicle. All secured the two tow trucks headed back to the
impound yard. I took off taking Ty home. Once I dropped Ty off I drove back
to the Driver house.


  Chapter 14: The Bomb

              When I arrived back at the Driver's house it was past ten in
the evening. The house was dark, but Ronny was waiting for me on the
deck. He asked me to sit down telling me he needed to talk to me.

              "Sure, what's up?" I asked.

              "When I leave in a few days I want you to take my truck, just
to drive and keep it up till I get back."

              "Wow!"

              "However, if I don't come back alive I'm leaving it to you in
my will," Ronny announced.

              "Dude don't even talk that shit," I said.

              "I'm just telling you ahead of time and I've spoken to my dad
about it. He says that it's my choice, so you inherit the truck if I get
killed in Afghanistan."

              "Damn dude I don't even want to think about that," I said.

              "Another thing, I don't want you to have to go without sex
while I'm gone. So, if you find another guy and want to play around it's
okay."

              "Wow!" I exclaimed at that announcement.

              "Do me a favor make sure who ever you get together with is
disease free. I don't want to survive a war to return home to a rotten
cock," Ronny said jokingly.

              "You are one hella great dude. First you give me your truck
and then you tell me it's okay to be with another guy while you're gone."

              "I'll probably find a guy to help get me through my tour in
Afghanistan, so why should you sit around waiting on me?"

              "You're not going to believe it but I've already had someone
hit on me," I said.

              "Ty I would imagine," Ronny said with a smile, "Hell I'd kind
like to try him out myself before I head out, but I suspect that he and my
brother got something going on."

              "So, you think maybe Brandon is doin Ty and vice versa?"

              "I don't know for sure, but I've suspected for a couple of
years now."

              "What about the Korean kid?"

              "What about him?" Ronny asked.

              "Do you think he is doin anyone?" I asked.

              "Hell anything is possible. You know what it was like seeing
all that raw meat in the gym during high school," Ronny stated.

              "I thought you were straight in high school," I said.

              "I was and still am. I just found out how much I enjoy sex
with guys. I'll probably get married one of these days after I get out of
the Corps."

              "So, you don't think there is anything long-term ahead for
us?" I asked.

              "Naw, were just players. That's why I think you need to find
another guy after I leave."

              "Ty made a play for me after you and Brandon went downstairs
to dinner," I said.

              "I saw the way he was eyin you at dinner. Hell, if no one had
of been at the table he'd been across the table and fucked you right there
and then," Ronny said with a laugh.

              "Hell, after you leave I may be forced to service all of
them," I said jokingly.

              As the night waned there were visions dancing in my head. The
five of us fucking and sucking on a huge bed in a hotel some place. Who
knows maybe that might come to fruition before Ronny leaves for
Afghanistan.



  I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoyed
another chapter. E-mail me at bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

---

Untitled (Chapter 37)

Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2008 11:25:54 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 10

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com


  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 10: Busted


  After the torrid little tryst in the cab of Ronny's truck we had gotten
dressed and cleaned up. We had no sooner dressed and cleaned the seat of
the truck than a car sped down the country road. A quick glimpse told me it
was a local sheriff's cruiser.

  "Wonder where he's goin in such a hurry?" I asked Ronny.

  "Who knows," Ronny replied.

  I watched the dust dissipate and no sooner had it settled than the cloud
appeared again, returning in our direction. Within a few seconds the big
Ford cruiser swung into the property, kicking up gravel and dust. The
patrol car came to a stop in a cloud of dust and a deputy wearing
sunglasses jumped out of the cruiser with his hand on the gun in its
holster.

  "Turn around and raise your hands!" The deputy commanded.

  "For what," I responded.

  "I said turn around and put your hands in the air!" The deputy commanded
again.

  Ronny and I complied, raising our hands.

  "Put your hands behind your head and interlock your fingers," The deputy
demanded.

  Once again Ronny and I compiled with the deputy's orders. The deputy
stepped behind me taking hold of one hand putting the cuffs on my wrist;
then he grasped the other hand, brought it down behind my back and cuffed
both hands together. He repeated the process with Ronny. Once we were both
cuffed he spoke into his radio handset attached to his uniform requesting
backup.

  The deputy asked, "What're you boys doin out here?"

  I started to respond when Ronny spoke up, "Sir, my name is Private First
Class Ronald J. Driver United States Marine Corps, and this is my best
friend Greg Smith a civilian. My father owns Driver's Auto Repair in
town. We just stopped out here to enjoy the beauty of the afternoon."

  "Enjoy the beauty of the afternoon. What's that some type faggot code?
You boys fags?" The deputy questioned.

  "No." Ronny responded, "I ain't got but a few more days to enjoy days
like this."

  "Why's that, you dyin from that fag disease AIDS?" The deputy questioned.

  "No, I'm home on leave."

  "You got any ID boy?" The deputy asked Ronny.

  "Yes Sir, my military ID card and driver's license are in my wallet in my
pocket," Ronny responded, "I'm home on leave

  "What about you boy?" The deputy asked directing the question to me as he
took Ronny's wallet out of his pocket.

  "Nope," I replied.

  "You know I can arrest you for not having any ID on your person boy."

  I didn't respond. I knew it was useless.

  "Boy, did you hear me?"

  "Yes, and I said no I don't have any ID on my person," I responded in a
mocking manner.

  "So, we got us is a somewhat polite responsible Marine and a faggoty scum
sucking smart ass shit head with no ID trespassin out here this afternoon."

  I kept my mouth shut, knowing whatever I said wasn't going to make any
difference. I'd just wait till we got to the sheriff's station where I'd
try to straighten things out.

  The deputy spoke into his handset again requesting wants and warrants as
well as AWOL alert for Ronny. Once he finished giving the dispatcher the
information he turned his attention back to us. "So, you boys out here doin
some dope." A statement more than a question.

  "No Sir," Ronny responded, "We don't do that."

  "Well what the hell are you two doin?" The deputy asked again as he
walked around facing us, "Ain't no girls out here with ya, so what's up."

  "Just the two of us enjoying the afternoon taking some pictures, no dope
and no girls," I responded.

  "Sure looks suspicious to me," The deputy said.

  He began walking around looking on the ground and into the
truck. Thankfully both doors were open and the cab had aired out from the
scent of all the raw sex.

  "You boys don't mind me searching the vehicle do you?"

  "The truck is mine," Ronny said, "go ahead and search there's no dope in
there.

  The deputy began searching the vehicle, looking under the seat, behind
the seat and in the glove compartment.

  "Who's camera in the glove box," the deputy asked as he pulled the
disposable camera from the dash compartment.

  "Mine," I responded.

  "So, if I confiscate it and develop the photos in this thing anything
gonna be incriminating?"

  "Not that I know of," I replied.

  "Sure I ain't gonna find pictures of the pot garden out in this area?"

  "I didn't know there was a pot garden out here," I said.

  "Boy you tryin to be a smart ass with me. Everyone knows there's pot
growing down the road by the creek."

  I didn't respond. I knew there were rumors, but I'd never checked them
out.

  "If there ain't no pics of pot growin maybe there's pics of you all
having sex with underage females in this here camera," The deputy stated.

  Again, neither of us responded. The deputy moved in front of us and was
about to light into us when another vehicle pulled up parking behind the
first car. I heard the door shut and the new deputy's crunching footsteps
in the gravel walking towards us.

  "Hello Ron, or is it Sergeant now?" The second deputy asked.

  Ronny and I recognized the voice immediately. The voice belonged to the
second in command in the sheriff's office and he was also the football
coach for the high school.

  "Take the cuffs off these boys," the senior deputy demanded.

  "But sir, I need to call a tow truck to have this vehicle towed in so we
can do a thorough search of it for drugs," The first deputy said.

  "No need, I know both these lads. Besides, the tow truck would come from
Ronny's dad's shop," The other man said.

  The younger deputy begrudgingly unshackled us and handed Ronny back his
ID and wallet. I was relieved because there was a package of condoms in my
pocket as well as the last packet of Surgilube. Those items might've been
hard to explain.

  The County Undersheriff told us to carry on and have a good day. He and
the young deputy walked towards their cars. The Undersheriff got into his
SUV and backed out. The deputy got into his car and sped away in a cloud of
dust.

  "Come on let's get the fuck outa here," I said.

  Ronny and I got into the pickup and departed the isolated rural area,
heading towards town. Neither of us spoke during the trip back to town. We
both knew we were lucky when the Undersheriff responded to the deputy's
backup call. He'd been our get-out-of-jail-free card, but the next time
might not so easy.


  I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoyed
another chapter.


  Current Stories on Nifty

  Currently, I have two stories actively running on Nifty under two pen
names: Cock Snob, Marine Home on Leave.

  The following is a list of stories posted under pen name Randall Rumper
to Nifty since spring of 2006:

  Marine Home on Leave Gay/Military (ongoing);
  Weekend Pass in a Texas Town Gay/Military (on going);
  The First Time I was Digitally Diddled Bi/College (on going);
  Anal Awakening Gay/Adult Friends My longest running series on Nifty with
20 Chapters, last post 09/11/07 (ongoing, but on hiatus);
  College Brothers Gay/Military last post 20/07/07 (in limbo, until I can
resurrect the file);
  Latch Key Kids Turn a Profit Gay/High School last post 01/16/08
(discontinued);
  Two Cocks for Christmas Gay/Encounters 12/06 (discontinued);
  Envious of Extra Inches Gay/High School (discontinued);
  Tails of Rump Rangers Gay/Military last post 19/04/06 (discontinued).

  Stories under the pen name Richard (Dick) Lickerish:

  Cock Snob Gay/College (ongoing);
  Smell of War Scent of Sex Gay/Military last post 20/07/06 (discontinued).

  I truly appreciate my readers letting me know that my stories are being
read, and I am grateful to all who take the time and correspond with me,
just be patient for a reply.

  Randall/Richard

---

Untitled (Chapter 38)

Date: Wed, 9 Apr 2008 12:22:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home On Leave Chapter 9

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com


  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 9: Sex On A Country Road


  Ronny and I were out cruising around enjoying a warm sunny afternoon,
visiting friends. Two times earlier in the day we had partaken in carnal
pleasure. During the previous twenty-four hours my animalistic appetite and
passion for Ronny's body had developed into almost uncontrollable
gluttonous lust. All I had on my mind since Ronny arrived home was sucking
his seven inches or taking it up my ass. All I wanted for the next two
weeks was my Marine all to myself, but I knew realistically that would be
impossible. I was going to try my best to make his time at home a vacation
that he would not soon forget; however, I didn't want to smother him.

   My goal was to make Ronny's time at home as memorable as possible for
the departing warrior. I really didn't want to share Ronny with anyone
else. I wanted him all to myself. I wanted to enjoy his body and touch each
and every minute of each day he was home. If I had my way and the money I
would get a hotel room far away from everyone so I could fuck and suck him
senseless, 24/7. I wasn't trying to be a selfish son of a bitch I just
wanted Ronny to be well-fucked warrior by the time he reported back to his
Marine Corps Aviation Squadron at New River.

  From New River Ronny's outfit would prepare for deployment overseas,
supporting combat operations in Afghanistan. I worried about Ronny going
into a combat zone, but felt some relief that he was not going to be in a
direct combat role. He had explained to me and the rest of the family that
basically his job was to maintain a helicopter flying support missions from
a secure rear area. Ronny didn't let on as though there was anything to be
afraid of while he was in Afghanistan; in fact, he made it sound safe.

  Secretly I wondered whether Ronny might find another Marine to hook up
with while he was in Afghanistan, now that he knew the pleasures of sex
with another man. When he arrived at his new remote duty station would
there be another Marine to take my place, so the two could take care of
each others sexual urges. I had heard stories on the Internet about
military guys seeking other military guys out to satisfy certain sexual
needs. Nothing romantic or spiritual mind you, just two guys helping each
other get through a long lonely deployment.

  Ronny had told me he had heard stories from returning Marines about how
skanky Middle Eastern women were out in those rural areas and most military
guys didn't want them around. He said that the women smelled bad and were
disease ridden bitches. Ronny told me that he would rather jack off
everyday in the head than let one of the local hags even look at his
beautiful cock.

  Ronny told me that his Sergeant said that everyone should stay away from
the locals, `cause if you got caught fucking around with one you might get
beheaded or get your cock cut off.

  "Hey, you look way distracted dude," Ronny said looking over at me as he
drove.

  "We need to find some place private where I can suck your dick," I
replied.

  "Damn! You just finished doing me a couple hours ago," Ronny countered.

  "I know, but I want to do you again. I just can't get enough of your
magnificent cock. Find some place secluded quick where I can drain your
nuts again," I demanded.

  Ronny pulled his truck off onto a gravel road that led out towards an old
barn. I knew from riding my motorcycle that the road was a dead end. We
drove for about a mile past a deserted field overgrown with weeds. The
first thing I noticed was the house had burned to the ground, but the barn
still stood although it appeared to be in bad condition. The gate was open
so Ronny pulled his truck up in front of the ramshackle appearing old
barn. Field mice scampered about and birds flew in and out of the
hayloft. Ronny had no sooner stopped the truck and turned off the engine
than I was on him. I pushed him back into the corner of the cab of the
truck, smothering him with kisses and whispering in his ear how much I
wanted to taste him.

  "I want to taste you too," Ronny growled back.

  I felt his hard nipples pressing against me. They were like small rocks
jutting out from his well-developed chest beneath his T-shirt. I fondled
them through the fabric, listening to Ronny cry out with moans of pleasure
telling me to keep it up. After a few moments I pulled his T-shirt up over
his head and off so I could get to his flesh. My tongue lashed out licking
at the tips of Ronny's hard nubs protruding from his powerful pecs. My
tongue played with them as I listened to him moan and groan with pleasure.

  My teeth bit down ever so gently on his left nipple as I let the tip of
my tongue graze the pinnacle of Ronny's hard nub. My Marine was pushing his
chest forward letting me know that he was enjoying me biting and nibbling
on his nipples, while he moaned, "Oh yeah baby suck on my titties, oh yeah
suck on em."

  I knew Ronny was enjoying what I was doing, but I knew that I needed to
move on. My left hand moved down to his waist where I began unbuttoning the
fly on his cutoff Levis to release his manhood. The other hand was around
his neck as I continued sucking on his engorged nipple. My job for the next
two weeks was to make Ronny moan and groan with pleasure as often as
possible. I moved away from his hard nipple kissing my way down his
fantastic washboard midsection. I tasted a hint of sweat as I got closer to
his bellybutton.

  The air conditioning was off, so the truck inside with the afternoon sun
beating down on the cab was heating up; in fact, we were becoming hot and
sweaty. Both hands were now frantically working his Levis and briefs down
over his rump, exposing the shining tip of his manhood. Ronny was leaking
precum like a ruptured hydraulic hose on a helicopter. I could see one
droplet of pearlescent ooze had already begun running down the underside of
his cock and another was poised at the urethral opening of his penis. I
wasted no time letting my tongue lick the dribbling droplets up and from
the tip of Ronny's cockhead.

  There was a slight bitter taste of sweat along with an unseasoned bland
taste to his precum. My mouth engulfed the entirety of Ronny's cockhead. My
tongue worked the underside below the piss slit before withdrawing. Once I
pulled off I let my tongue travel around the head paying special attention
to the darker coronal ring. My Marine was moaning uncontrollably yelling,
"Oh suck my dick baby. Suck it."

  I paused, looking up I asked, "Do you want me to suck you all the way or
do you want me to stop so you can fuck me?"

  "Go ahead and suck me off and then I'll suck you. After that I want to
fuck you. We got all afternoon baby," Ronny said with glee.

  I really wanted Ronny to fuck immediately; instead, I would suck him to
fruition. I lowered my head taking as much of Ronny big cock as possible
while I played with his large nuts. I rolled them around in the scrotal
sac, while my mouth moved up and down on Ronny's hard cock. His nuts would
tell me how close he was to blowing a load. In the meantime my finger began
snaking around below his nuts between his legs seeking the entrance to his
glory hole. Ronny used his elbows and feet to reposition himself, giving my
exploring finger a better access to his bottom.

  "Oh baby finger fuck me," Ronny's voice cried out hoarsely.

  I knew as soon as I heard his request that I had converted Ronny to full
anal guy. I could believe my big bad Marine was turning into a bottom
slut. I was supposed to be the bottom. I totally enjoyed taking a big cock
up my ass. Now it seemed as though both of us wanted those sensual bottom
feelings. I stopped what I was doing, reaching into my pocket where I found
a couple more packets of surgilube. I drew one out and tore it open. I
squeezed out about half the packet onto my middle finger and returned to
Ronny's ass crack. I began rubbing the lube on and into his hole. He
winched at first and growled as I penetrated his sphincter ring. Once I
gained entrance my finger went in search of the joy button as my mouth
returned to his glistening cockhead.

  Ronny was sweating profusely, moving around against the seat back and
door of his truck. His body was gyrating all over the front seat as he
grasped the back of the seat and held onto the steering wheel. He was
trying to give me better access to his asshole and his cock while trying to
find a more comfortable position for both of us. I held onto the base of
Ronny's magnificent cock with one hand while the other was working his ass
with lube, looking for the love button. I tasted more precum and knew
instinctively that in a matter of seconds my Marine was going to explode in
my mouth like a minigun on a helicopter.

  "Oh shit I'm gonna cum," Ronny hollered.

  I was glad we were out in the middle of nowhere; an isolated area where
Ronny could become as vocal as he wanted. I wanted my Marine to let loose,
screaming as loud as he wanted as he enjoyed me working him inside and
out. The tip of my finger was busy working on his prostate as my mouth and
tongue worked his cockhead. I sensed it was time to start sucking Ronny's
cock in earnest. I began moving up and down on as much of Ronny's cock as
possible, sucking him in deeply.

  Suddenly, Ronny arched his back forward, forcing his crotch into my
face. He grabbed the back of my head with his hands at the same time,
pulling my head forward, pushing more of his cock into my mouth shooting
streams of spooge. I almost gagged as he tried ramming that seven inch
Marine saber down my gullet. I had to push him away. I could feel the spunk
coming from his gun. The powerful blasts of ejaculate were filling my
mouth. Some of the spooge was seeping out of the corners of my mouth. I
continued nursing Ronny's softening cock trying to milk every drop of semen
from the recess of his nuts. Finally, Ronny pushed me away saying that he
was too sensitive for me to continue.

  Once again I had done my job as a consummate cocksucker. Not too bad for
two guys that were relative neophytes when it came to male to male sex. I
moved up Ronny's front to give him a sloppy spooge filled kiss. I wanted to
give him some of his own cum back. We made out for a while resting up after
a super suck session. After a few minutes Ronny suddenly said, "I want you
to fuck me."

  "I thought you wanted to suck me next?" I asked curiously.

  "I'd rather you fuck me right now than suck you if you don't mind.

  "No problem," I said.

  I sat up in the truck and pulled my cargos and briefs off, leaving my
sneakers and socks on. Ronny repositioned straddling me. I squeezed the
rest of the surgilube from the foil packet where I began rubbing it on his
bunghole and then inserted my finger to tantalize him.

  "Oh man your finger feels so good inside me, but what I really want is
your big hard cock filling my ass," Ronny demanded looking down at me with
a big smile.

  I continued lubing his ass and my cock. I grabbed the base of my cock
pointing it in the direction of Ronny's asshole. He reached around
spreading his butt cheeks so I had better access to his bunghole. I felt
the head of my cock touch Ronny's throbbing asshole. He had both arms
around my neck with his head buried in my neck.

  "Take your time," I instructed, "just lower yourself down like I did last
night."

  "Okay," Ronny uttered.

  I felt the head of my cock touch his asshole and then pop past the first
ring. Immediately I felt Ronny winch. He sucked in a deep breath
exclaiming, "Oh My God!"

  I didn't try to push in any further and told Ronny to take it easy. He
held off for a while, but said, "Just work the head in and out for a few
minutes. I think that feels so fucking great."

  "You got the stick baby," was my reply.

  I held onto the base of my cock while Ronny worked just the head of my
cock in and out of his asshole. Damn, it felt so good having him gobble up
and then expel the head of my cock from his asshole. After a few sessions
of cockhead fucking Ronny slid his well-lubed asshole down the full length
of my cock.

  "Let me sit here a minute to get used to the big dick in my ass," Ronny
said.

  "Baby you can sit there all afternoon if you want. I'd like to stay
connected to you like this forever," I responded.

  My Marine who had never experienced anal sex before in his life was now
riding my pony like a pro. As the minutes wore on he rode the pole faster,
pumping my cock to fruition. Once I exploded filling Ronny's ass with my
cum his buttock settled down in my crotch and he just sat there. We were
both drenched in sweat and exhausted. Ronny didn't attempt to withdraw. He
wanted to enjoy my dick wither away naturally and then pop out of his ass.

  As we sat there enjoying the moment Ronny kept kissing and biting my neck
with my cock still buried deep inside him. Finally, my cock had withered
away and fell out of Ronny asshole.

  "You want me to finger fuck you some more? I'm soft, but my finger is
hard," I said.

  "No, I'm way too sensitive for anymore right now," Ronny replied, let's
just sit here."
  We smiled at each other making eye contact and then we kissed. After what
seemed like an eternity kissing passionately Ronny pulled away saying, "I'm
going to miss you so fucking much. You'd almost be worth going AWOL for
baby."

  There was sadness in Ronny's eyes as he said that. The last thing I
wanted was for Ronny to fuck up his time in the Marine Corps by going AWOL
for sex. I said, "Don't you even think about that. Let's just make the most
out of our two weeks together."

  We closed on each other's mouths and resumed kissing passionately.



   I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoyed
another chapter.

---

Untitled (Chapter 39)

Date: Wed, 2 Apr 2008 17:00:39 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 8

  Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

  Subject line: Marine Home on Leave.

  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 8: Ghosts

  After more than an hour of soapy wet torrid sex in the shower with Ronny
we lay sprawled on his bed nude -- totally spent. In a surprise turn of
events that morning I had conquered my Marine's bottom, eating his ass out
and then cornholing him to conclusion. As I lay there next to my friend I
chuckled silently, remembering the sounds of flatulence escaping as I
withdrew my deflating dick from Ronny's well-fucked asshole. After fucking
him savagely there was an abundance of excess air trapped up in his rectal
cavity that began nosily farting from his gaping asshole as I withdrew my
withering wang.

  Ronny turned around hugging and kissing me passionately, whispering how
appreciative he was into my ear as the farts escaped. The big bad Marine
thanked me profusely for the most fulfilling experience of his lifetime.

  "Oh baby I loved feeling your cock work its way up my ass," Ronny
whispered.

  "Now you know how great it feels," I said.

  "I guess I was scared to try it because I'd always heard that only
bitches and sissy fagots enjoyed getting butt-fucked."

  I knew I would never forget that look of disbelief on Ronny's face as he
faced me in the shower, air escaping from his freshly fucked asshole. He
told me that he had heard about guys taking it up the butt in high school
and during Marine training, but never in a million years thought that he
would enjoy being butt-fucked.

  "I can assure you Mr. Marine that I'm no bitch sissy fagot. I'm all man;
a man who simply enjoys the sensual pleasures of a nice dick working its
way up my asshole and then delivering powerful payloads of cum into my
rectal cavity."

  Although I'd explode inside Ronny, delivering a powerful orgasm up his
ass, I felt abandon and empty as I lay next to my Marine. I originally
wanted Ronny to fuck me in the shower that morning; instead, I ended up
cornholing him. The void I was feeling would have to wait a while before it
could be filled. We both needed at least an hour to recuperate before Ronny
could engage my ass, fucking me with the same vigor as I'd done him.

  As I fantasized about my Marine burying is big bone up my ass I couldn't
shake the feeling that someone had been lurking in the bedroom while we
were having sex in the shower. Maybe it was the strange odor that permeated
the room. A scent I hadn't smelled before we entered the bathroom. To me
there seemed to be a strange smell lingering in the air; it was not the
same scent of cologne Brandon used, but why worry about him, I knew he was
at a wrestling tournament. Maybe I hadn't noticed the smell previously in
my haste to get Ronny in the shower. I pulled on my Levis and T-shirt
before heading downstairs to satisfy my curiosity. Then I wondered, what if
there was a family member down there. A family member who had heard the
moans and groans of desire coming from the upstairs

  I crept downstairs and then started to make my way silently from room to
room in search of the elusive ghost. Suddenly, the family cat bounded down
the stairs behind me and jumped onto the counter as I walked into the
kitchen. I reached out to stroke the cat on the head whereby the cat meowed
and began purring. I guess that was who was in the room while I was
ravaging Ronny's asshole. I'm sure glad that cat couldn't talk; otherwise,
Ronny and I would be in a world of deep shit. Satisfied that there was no
one in the house and what I'd sensed was the cat I returned to the upstairs
bedroom.

  Once in the room I saw Ronny splayed on his back sporting a raging
erection; a hard-on that looked like a miniature rocket standing ready on
the Cape Canaveral launch pad. The neat black bush surrounding the base
reminded me of smoke coming from the freshly fired rocket.  I couldn't in
good faith allow a beautiful boner go to waste. I positioned my body
between Ronny's legs nudging them further apart. Once on my hands and knees
in front of Ronny's crotch I leaned in to begin nuzzling and smelling
Ronny's pubic hair. My nose rooted around the base of his stiff cock
inhaling the manly scents. I grabbed his big balls and began fondling them.

  As I rolled the walnut size nuts around in his scrotal sac I kissed his
cock. Then I rocked back sitting on my heels admiring my Marine's
manhood. I sat there for a few moments gazing upon the beauty of his
flagstaff with its pink glans atop. The pink cockhead reminded me of the
Marine Corps ball and anchor sitting on top of a phallic guidon flying high
in all its glory. I saluted it smartly, paying proper military respect to
the powerful looking phallic flag before going any farther in my quest to
capture the flag. I watched it jump with each beat of Ronny's heart

  God, what a majestic looking piece of manhood, standing straight and tall
throbbing with wanton desire; the shaft had just the slightest curve back
towards Ronny's bellybutton. The curve of his cock was what made the
feeling of taking it up my ass so fucking incredible as the coronal ring
rubbed my prostate. Once again I carefully reached out for his fantastic
looking fuck stick. The fingers of my right hand delicately closed around
the base of his hard shaft. As I did so I could feel the fleshy member
throbbing with anticipation. I wanted that hot throbbing monster in my
mouth as quickly as possible, but more than anything I wanted it up my
ass. I restrained myself. I would play with it a little longer before
devouring it.

  With my hand wrapped around the base of Ronny's cock I began lowering my
mouth towards the gleaming glans in preparation to engulf the magnificent
looking dome. My tongue circled the coronal ring, tantalizing the dome,
flicking at the piss slit with the tip of my tongue. I could taste Ronny's
semen oozing from the slit. The bitter yet tangy taste intrigued my taste
buds. My tongue diligently bathed the magnificent looking cockhead before I
tired to inhale anymore of it. Of course, I knew that there was no way I
would be able to swallow a full seven inches of steely hard cock, so I
would continue concentrating my efforts on the head and first couple of
inches -- the most sensuous portion the penis.

  The tip of my tongue found the frenulum, that erogenous zone just below
the piss slit, whereby I began teasing it. I licked at it and kissed it,
and then I applied light suction to the cockhead. I began slowly bobbing my
mouth up and down on the first couple of inches rubbing the frenulum with
the tip of my tongue. Sensing a need for change I let my tongue explore the
underside of Ronny's cock shaft working my way towards his nut sac. My goal
was to bath his taint with warm saliva.

  I gently nudged Ronny's inner thighs spreading them further apart as my
tongue licked its way towards the taint. I had tantalized Ronny's cock from
the glans licking and kissing my way down the full length of the underside
of his dick to his nut sac. I was going for the prize. I began kissing and
teasing his taint, and then I found his brown eye. My tongue coated his
pucker with a goodly amount of saliva. By this time Ronny began moaning
softly and stirring on the bed. I coated my finger with more saliva and
continued rubbing the rosebud entrance to Ronny's rectal cavern with my
finger tip as I continued stroking his saliva slick hard cock with my right
hand. I had discovered a few hours earlier that Ronny's asshole was super
sensitive, but I had to be careful not to go too far without consent.

  I wanted to finger fucked Ronny, but didn't want to jar him awake with an
intrusive digit. Some guys found anything penetrating their assholes to be
repulsive; however, others found anal sex play to be very sensual, and
would cry out in ecstasy when getting fingered fucked or cornholed. Ronny
had taken my dick in his ass earlier, but he was still asleep. I for one
was a person who found finger fucking very enjoyable; furthermore, for me
to be finger fucked while receiving a blowjob put me into a state of pure
bliss. I vividly remember the first time I fingered fucked myself and
touched my joy button.

  As the tip of my finger breeched Ronny's asshole he awoke whispering,
"Baby, get your ass turned around so I can suck your dick."

  Within a few seconds Ronny was lifting my midsection up over his face as
I helped complete the repositioning turning around on the bed so we were
facing opposite each other. My knees straddled Ronny's face so my groin was
positioned directly over his mouth. I was on top sucking the head of
Ronny's dick while his hands began roaming the lower part of my body in
search of my treasure, finding my well-round glutes he began massaging both
of them as he engulfed the head of my manhood. Once he had full access to
my man meat he took most of it in his mouth and began fellating my fuck
stick.

  "Oh shit! That feels so fuckin good," I responded as Ronny engulfed my
hard cock.

  We continued to silently fellate each other's cocks tenderly licking and
nursing them like a babies on titties. As we worked towards fruition we
rolled each other onto our sides to continue the face fucking exercise. My
hips were moving back and forth slowly pumping my hard cock in and out of
Ronny's warm mouth like a Texas oil drilling rig searching the earth's
depths for black gold. Once again I wanted to taste Ronny's love juice. In
a matter of minutes our bodies arched stiffly, our cocks swelled and
stiffened, and then we exploded, unloading shot after shot of warm sticky
spooge into each other's mouths within seconds of each other. We lay there
nursing every drop of man milk from each other's deflating dicks until we
were forced to pull apart due to sensitivity. I pulled off Ronny's slowly
deflating dick and turned around on the bed asking, "So, did you enjoy that
baby?"

  A sexually exhausted Ronny was lying on his back and replied hoarsely, "I
like everything you do to me. I'd like to stay here in bed all day with ya
and keep doin that."

  "Me too."

  "Ya Know, I think that was more exercise than I get on a morning PT run,"
Ronny quietly confided.

  "Yeah," I said smiling.

  "I guess we need to get up, take a shower and get dressed," Ronny said.

  I lay there on the bed looking at Ronny thinking to myself what we'd
accomplished in less than forty-eight hours, and before long this would all
end. In less than two weeks Ronny would be on his way back to Marine Corps
life and off to Afghanistan.

  After a long deep kiss I whispered into Ronny's ear, "I don't know how
I'm ever going to wait for you to come back."

  "I know, I don't know if I can do without you either," Ronny replied.

  I didn't know if I would ever get another chance to enjoy Ronny's body,
but for the next twelve days I was going to try to fuck and suck my Marine
senseless. I wanted to enjoy his body to the fullest each and everyday he
was home on leave.


   I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoyed
this chapter.

---

Untitled (Chapter 40)

Date: Thu, 13 Mar 2008 12:25:59 -0700 (PDT)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave Chapter 7 (Revised)

    Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age
to read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections
and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com


  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 7: Showering With My Marine


  My morning shower finished I dressed and made my way downstairs to see
what was for breakfast. When Mrs. Driver saw me enter the kitchen we
exchanged morning pleasantries before she poured me a tall glass of orange
juice and a steaming hot cup of coffee. Once that was done she put the
waffle batter on the iron. Janie exited the kitchen with a wave and good
morning as Brandon finished his OJ, waved good-bye and bounded out the
door.

  Mrs. Driver asked, "Is his majesty out of bed yet?"

  "Nope, still sleeping when I left the room."

  "Well, I not going to be a short order cook all morning," Mrs. Driver
said as she put my plate down in front of me and then walked over to the
stairs where she yelled up to her oldest son, "Ronny, get up now or you
don't get any breakfast."

  I thought I heard him mutter a reply. In a matter of minutes Ronny was
downstairs sitting at the kitchen table across from me. Ronny's mother
poured a big glass of freshly squeezed OJ and put it in front of him, then
put waffle batter on the iron for his breakfast. As I gazed across the
table at my Marine visions of Ronny and Brandon showering with me danced in
my head again. Ronny played with my bare foot with his out of sight beneath
the table as we ate our waffles and linked sausages. There was a special
glow about him that morning.

  Mrs. Driver cleared the kitchen counter, put the waffle iron away,
collected our plates and warmed our coffees before briefing us on what she
had planned for the day. As Ronny and I dallied drinking our coffee mother
Driver informed us that she and Janie were going to meet her husband at the
shop; they were going shopping in another town about a hundred miles away,
and wouldn't be home until late afternoon. She also told us that Brandon
wouldn't be home from his wrestling tournament until late afternoon or
early evening, depending on how he placed.

  "Okay mom," Ronny said, "were just gonna hang around the house and chill
for the rest of the morning; then take off in the afternoon, so we might be
gone when you get back."

  "Turn off the coffee maker, rinse the pot out, put the coffee cups in the
dishwasher and then turn it on after you're finished in here."

  After delivering her edict for the morning Mrs. Driver disappeared into
the master bedroom to get ready for her shopping trip. Once she vanished
Ronny looked across the table at me with a big shit-eating grin on his
face.

  "What?" I immediately questioned.

  "You know what," Ronny said, still with that big smile.

  "I hope you won't forget it."

  "Never," Ronny said, "but maybe after mom leaves you can refresh my
memory."

  My cock jumped to attention and my asshole quivered with twinges of
anticipation thinking about Ronny's seven inch schlong sliding in and out
of my well-lubricated bunghole. I didn't understand what it was about a
nice cock gliding back and forth in my anal cavity that captivated me;
however, I knew after only two times of Ronny boring out my bunghole with
his carbide drill bit that I was disposed to many more dicks up my ass in
my lifetime. There was something so very stimulating about the feeling of a
well-lubricated hot prong sliding in and out of my poopchute. Like my
nipples and the head of my cock I'd discovered that my asshole was another
source of great erotic pleasure.

  As I sat across from Ronny my bunghole still burned and itched a little
from the previous night of fucking. I could feel it throbbing. I didn't
know whether the fire in my ass and palpable pulse in my bottom that
morning was real or perceived. I'd read that after being deflowered it was
not uncommon to experience post burning, pain or itching in the rectal
area. Although the after feelings I was experiencing were a little annoying
the pleasure had been well worth it.

  Mrs. Driver broke my train of thought as she returned to the kitchen
saying, "You boys have a good day and don't get into any trouble."

  "We won't," both of us replied in unison.

  After Ronny's mother and Janie left the house he said, "How long should
we wait?"

  "Till she clears the driveway," I replied with a big grin.

  Ronny's mom had no sooner backed the car out of the driveway than we were
up from the table putting our coffee cups in the dishwasher. Ronny turned
it on and turned off the coffee maker. We both bounded upstairs two steps
at a time me in trail. Once in the bedroom we shed our clothing with
lightening speed. I grabbed Ronny and kissed him hard on the lips, forcing
my tongue into his awaiting mouth. We fell onto his bed and continued
making out, all the while grinding our hard cocks into each other's groins.

  As we continued to make out I secretly questioned whether Ronny would
ever want me to take him anally. I couldn't believe that Ronny the big bad
ass Marine was allowing me to kiss him; furthermore, he was kissing me back
passionately. I wondered if both of us wanted the same things; did we want
each other, or was it a one way street. I knew that I wanted more of
Ronny's big cock up my ass, and I wanted him up in there bareback. I knew
Ronny was disease free so a condom wasn't needed. I wanted to feel his
unsheathed hard hot poker inside me, and then experience him pumping huge
loads of warm cum into my rectal cavity. I wanted to feel his warm semen
leak out of my gaping asshole after withdrawing his withering wang from my
well-fucked ass.

  As our bodies undulated on the bed, we began to sweat and our breathing
became more rapid. I could feel Ronny's hard cock touching mine. The
feeling of our dicks rubbing together was so sensuous. Our hands were all
over each other's bodies feeling, touching and stimulating different parts
as we frotted. We held onto and squeezed each other buns. We broke our kiss
and began kissing all over each other's faces, necks and shoulders. As I
kissed Ronny's neck he whispered into my ear that he wanted to fuck me
again. I whispered back that I wanted him inside me, but first I wanted to
eat out his asshole.

  "You want to do what?" Ronny questioned somewhat astonished by my
request.

  "I want to give you a rim job," I said.

  "You mean you want to fuck my ass with your tongue?" Ronny queried.

  "Yes, if you want me to. If not just tell me."

  "Oh Hell Yes, I want it!" Ronny exclaimed. "I guess you surprise me with
your knowledge. By the way where did you learn about all this kinky sexual
stuff?"

  "Don't worry about it. I'll tell you later." I said getting up.

  I got up off my Marine and pulled him to his feet, leading him into the
bathroom. As we prepared to shower I explained in detail what was about to
happen and told him that cleanliness was uppermost to me when it came to
eating another guy's ass out. I also explained that bathing was great
foreplay. Ronny tempered the shower water and then we both stepped into the
tub. We didn't bother pulling the shower curtain. As the warm shower water
sprayed on our bodies we soaped each other up, paying special attention to
our buttock and crotches. As we washed each other I rubbed up and down
Ronny's ass crack with my fingers.

   Every time my finger grazed Ronny's red eye he would jump. So, slowly
and methodically I snaked my forefinger into Ronny virgin asshole. Once I
broke the seal and penetrated Ronny sphincter he jumped and squealed. With
my finger inside Ronny he began tightening his asshole around my digit. As
my Marine squealed with joy I turned him around facing me and got onto my
knees. I took his proud prong into my mouth while I inserted my longer
middle finger into his ass to clean him out and locate his joy button. My
finger wriggled around inside his rectal cavity until I found Ronny's
prostate. As soon as I touched it my Marine gasp and I could taste
precum. I continued to clean his asshole up in preparation to tongue fuck
him and he continued whimpering with wanton desire.

  Once I felt that I had his anal cavity fully prepped I withdrew my
finger. I reached up retrieving the flexible shower spray head to rinse all
the soap out of Ronny's asshole. With all the soap washed away I turn the
shower pressure down and had Ronny put his hands on the back of the shower
surround. I had him bend forward at the waist while I positioned myself
behind him on my knees. His ass cheeks were ample, smooth and
well-toned. His asshole was hairless. I spread Ronny's butt cheeks further
apart to get my first view of his pulsing pucker.

  I closed my eyes and let my tongue slowly explore Ronny's ass
crack. After a few skillfully strokes of my tongue I found Ronny's hot
quivering asshole. The first light touches of my tongue produced jerks and
squeals of delight from my Marine. I continued tenderly flicking the
wrinkled pucker with the tip of my tongue. His ass was hot as a Fourth of
July firecracker, and throbbing with each beat of Ronny powerful heart. As
the tip of my tongue pushed into his pucker he worked his sphincter,
expanding and contracting as if he was trying to suck my tongue deep inside
him.

  After a few minutes of tongue fucking my Marine I decided to change
positions. I turned my body around so my head was between Ronny's
legs. Once I was in the new position I reached up to grab hold of his seven
inch saber. I pulled the shaft down, so I could tantalize the glans with my
tongue. I worked Ronny's cockhead with my tongue tasting the precum and
listening to my Marine moan and whimper with glee. The more I licked and
sucked on Ronny's cockhead the more moans came from him and more precum
flowed. Then after one more swallow of his schlong I returned to my
Marine's asshole where I tongue fucked him again with ferocity.

  Once I had rimmed Ronny I stood up behind him rubbing the pronounced head
of my powerful prong against his freshly eaten pucker. Then I leaned
forward with the full length of my cock wedged in his ass crack. I reached
around and began playing with his hard nipples. Oh My God, he kept
tightening his buttock on my cock. I thought for sure he was ready to
swallow my cock up his ass and blow a load.

  As I continued grinding my cock into his backside and playing with his
rock hard nipples Ronny moaned and whimpered, "Yes! Yes, please fuck me
sir!"

  Did my ears deceive me, or did my big bad Marine lover just beg me to
fuck him. I whispered in his ear, "Are you sure?"

  "Yes! Oh Hell yes, fuck me sir, but make it good."

  I grabbed the body wash from the ledge and proceeded to lather up Ronny's
asshole before he could change his mind. The special soap was a product
Brandon used when he bathed that contained moisturizers; it felt very slick
and sensuous. Once I had a good base of the slick soap suds going I pushed
the foam into Ronny's hole. His asshole quivered and clenched sucking my
finger into his tight hole. I withdrew my finger and lathered up my
cock. Once I had a good head of suds going I proceeded to press the spongy
head of my scepter against Ronny's awaiting anus. He gasped saying, "Fuck
me."

  "Tell me if it hurts and I'll stop to let you get used to it," I told my
Marine.

  As my cockhead popped in past the first ring Ronny gasped letting out an
audible howl, begging me to stop. I reassured Ronny while we waited for him
to get accustom to my cock penetrating his virgin ass that I'd had previous
practice with a dildo before I took him. I reinforced that there was no
shame in requesting to stop and further supported the idea that even old
pros requested that their paramours stop on occasion. I had Ronny bend
forward more, so I could drizzle more of body wash onto his ass crack and
my dick before pushing more of my prong into him.

  "Go ahead," Ronny murmured.

  Slowly, I began pushing my dick further into Ronny's tender asshole,
telling him to work his sphincter like he was trying to gobble my cock up,
sucking it into his asshole. Ronny began expanding and contracting his
sphincter muscle as if it was devouring a filet mignon. I felt the glans
pop past the second ring fully into his rectal cavity. I stopped again so
Ronny might get used to my hard thick shaft inside him. The hard thick
shaft is where pain is truly encountered; it takes a few seconds to get
used to a thick shaft in one's asshole. I didn't consider myself to be
super endowed swordsman, but I had measured my dick before and it was not
small. Although my cock was not as long as Ronny's dick it was a
respectable six and half inches in length and a little better than six
inches in circumference; furthermore, my cockhead, the coronal ring was
more pronounced in girth than Ronny's.

  After a few minutes of nuzzling and kissing Ronny's back, shoulders and
neck I began to slowly piston my hard cock in and out of Ronny's soapy
slick rectal cavity. My Marine and I were caught up in the heat of a
phenomenal moment. I was fucking him and he was fucking back. An act that I
thought would never happen. Both of us were moaning and squealing with pure
delight. Ronny begged me to give him more of my cock. He was becoming very
vocal about wanting me to fuck him faster and harder. I didn't want the
session to end as we both had found a state of sexual bliss.

  I didn't want either one of us to cum too quickly, so I paced myself;
however, after a few more slow strokes I sensed a noise coming from the
bedroom. I turned my head towards the partially opened bathroom door where
I thought I saw the reflection in the mirror of a person cross the room. I
looked again and dismissed the premonition chalking it up to my
imagination; however, I wished we had taken the time to secure the bathroom
door before engaging in our wet fuck fest. I reached around to find Ronny's
cock in a semi-flaccid state; not uncommon for the person being pounded.

  As I continued banging Ronny's ass I coaxed his cock back to life,
stroking it as we neared climax. I stood up straight behind him, arching my
back and with my hands on his buttock I gave Ronny everything I had. I
could feel a tremendous explosion building on the horizon.

  "I'm gonna cum any second baby," I bellowed.

  "Me too," Ronny replied as he worked his sphincter muscle on the shaft of
my cock as I tried to get another fraction of an inch up his ass.

  I was pounding his ass with unbridled enthusiasm as Ronny kept yelling,
"Fuck me sir! Fuck me! Give me every inch of that magnificent cock sir!"

  "Oh yeah!" I said as I pounded every inch of my six and half inch cock up
into my Marine's ass.

  "Yes! Oh Yes! Fill me with your cum sir!" Ronny yelled.

  "Here it comes baby!"

  I was on the balls of my feet pressing my body against Ronny's. I must
have delivered four or five super rounds of cum up my Marine's freshly
deflowered ass as he began squirting semen on the shower surround. Ronny
kept clinching his ass around my cock milking it dry. I pulled him back
upright reaching around to play with his nipples with my cock still inside.

  "No. Please no, they're too sensitive," Ronny replied in a totally
exhausted state.

  My deflating dick fell out of his ass with a farting sound. I had pounded
him so hard that there was excess air up in his rectal cavity. Ronny turned
around and grabbed me, kissing me hard on the mouth. He hugged me tight and
whispered in my ear, "Thank you that was the best fuck of my life."

  "I'm glad you enjoyed it."

  "I'll never forget it, never," Ronny whispered in my ear.

  "Neither will I Ronny."




  I listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoyed
this chapter.

---

Untitled (Chapter 41)

Date: Fri, 7 Mar 2008 07:32:18 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave: Chapter 6

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com

  Subject line: Marine Home on Leave.

  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 6: The Dream

  I lay on the daybed still basking in the afterglow of the most incredible
session of sex in my young life. My crusty eyelids cracked open, awaking to
Brandon bounding into the bedroom. Ronny's younger brother had just reenter
the bedroom after taking a morning shower. He stood naked in front of the
full-length mirror on the door, toweling his hair dry. I hadn't seen
Brandon in a full state of undress for a couple of three years; however,
from what I could see his once chubby boyish body had bloomed into that of
a very attractive appearing mature adult. Although both Driver boys had
been gifted with exceptional good looks, Ronny looked more like his father,
while seventeen year old Brandon favored his mother.

  Ronny had harsher sharper features than his brother. Brandon was the one
with softer qualities; he was more seductive appearing than Ronny. Both
boys had been blessed with black hair, of which Brandon had the more
beautiful locks than his shorn Marine brother. From the reflection in the
mirror Brandon, like his older brother, appeared to have been endowed with
larger than average size male equipment. Yes, Brandon had definitely
developed in the dick department since I last saw him nude, maybe more so
than Ronny � at least flaccid.

  I'd been in aware of the brother's burgeoning cocks since we all entered
puberty years ago, but now I was getting a sneak peek at Brandon's awesome
looking piece of meat that was dangling flaccid over his nut sac. Brandon
moved over to the double dresser to retrieve clean underwear and socks. As
he bent over to fetch a pair shorts from a bottom drawer, his buns spread
apart, revealing a clean, hairless and pink pucker. Brandon bent over
further to pull the boxer briefs on, whereby I got a good view of his
crimson cockhead dangling below his brown scrotal sac. My morning wood
jumped at the sight of Brandon's bootylicious buns and bunghole tucked away
in the crevice of his buttock. I quickly fantasized about eating both boys
for breakfast, front and back, and then letting them fuck me into oblivion.

  Ronny had fucked me twice a few hours earlier, taking my virginity and
leaving my asshole hungering for more. I didn't know why but in the past
few hours I'd developed an insatiable appetite for sex with another
man. Since the first few seconds when Ronny's cock entered my ass filling
the entirety of my anal cavity I knew I was addicted to anal sex. Ronny had
planted the seed whereby I contracted a deep desire to keep my asshole
filled with hard cock. I wished that my Marine was in bed next to me, but
he was across the room asleep on his bed.

  I could see that my Marine was sporting a healthy morning wood that was
hiding beneath the white sheet from my position on the daybed beneath the
big window in the dormitory bedroom. Mr. Driver had thought about dividing
the room so each of his sons would have their own separate rooms, but when
Ronny decided to go into the Marine Corps he put the plan on hold. If it
wasn't for the fact that Brandon and Mrs. Driver were in the house I'd get
up, go over to Ronny's bed, mount his morning wood and let him fuck me
senseless again. However I'd learned from our earlier encounter that as
both of us neared fruition we became very vocal, moaning and groaning,
shrieking uncontrollably for each of us to fuck the other faster and
harder.

  As much as I wanted Ronny to fuck me again I knew it wasn't going to
happen that morning, so I simply reached beneath the sheet and began
stroking my meat. After Brandon finished dressing he silently slipped out
of the room. My eyes closed shut again whereby I began dreaming about
having both Driver brothers for breakfast. Although I had yet to perform
annilingus I had read up on the subject and watched rim jobs performed on
porn flicks. Of course, I thought that I would enjoy having my ass eaten
out too. Only a few hours before was the first time I'd ever been cornholed
by another man, whereby I discovered that I truly enjoyed the sensuous
feeling of getting fucked.

  My body shivered and trembled as I thought about Ronny fucking me
again. As I fondled my hard cock I drifted off to dreamland. The dream
included the three of us all naked on a big king bed. I had surrendered my
naked body to the brothers, lying on my back. Brandon and I were opposite
each other, whereby he was meticulously nibbling and sucking on my nipples
while I sucked on his dick. In the meantime, Ronny was diligently hammering
his hard cock into my burning asshole that quivered with desire.

  Oh My God, the memory of Ronny's cock sliding in and out of my virgin
asshole was still present. Brandon's luscious warm wet lips working on my
nipples almost seemed real. The head of Brandon cock in my mouth felt so
sensuous. Every once in a while I forced my mouth further down the shaft
taking in more of his cock, but mostly I worked on the cockhead. I kissed
the head lovingly and then licked the glans as if it were a lollipop,
letting my tongue circle the darker coronal ring. After a few circles of
Brandon's knob with my tongue I would go in for the kill, scooping up the
pearlescent droplet of precum from the urethral opening of his cock with
the tip of my tongue.

  Brandon working on my nipples and Ronny ravaging my asshole had me
bucking, moaning and shrieking for more. I wanted Ronny to keep packing my
poopchute while Brandon face fucked me. Another major fantasy was to have
Brandon fuck me in the ass while Ronny fed me his cock, and then to top it
all off for Brandon to eat his brother's asshole while all this was going
on. Of course throughout this whole ordeal a video camera would be
capturing all the action. My asshole was on fire from a few hours previous
and needed a good hosing.

  I got out of bed and headed to the bathroom for my morning shower to try
to put the fire out. As I stood in the shower I beat my meat into
submission while water trickled down my ass crack cooling it off; all the
while visions of Ronny and Brandon showering with me were dancing in my
head.


  This is a short chapter; I finished it in my hotel room last night. I
listen to my reader's critics and suggestions, hope you all enjoy this
short chapter.

---

Untitled (Chapter 42)

Date: Sun, 3 Feb 2008 09:27:55 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave: Chapter 5

Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any
further. To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate
corrections and E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com


  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  Chapter 5: Orgasm and Afterglow

  We sat silently facing each other on the cramped front seat of Ronny's
truck. My heart was pounding in my chest. Our breathing had increased as we
remained locked together in that torrid embrace. Ronny had fully breached
my asshole with his seven inches of mammoth Marine manhood. I could feel
the rhythm of Ronny's blood pulsing through his hard cock that was snuggly
resting in my rectum. In the silence of night I could hear my heart
pounding in my head, and also feel the vibrating palpitation of my
sphincter surrounding Ronny's engorged tool. I had yet to begin riding his
pumped up pole. I knew instinctively once I started fucking my Marine in
earnest it would be over in a matter of minutes.

  Our balls were filled to the brim with spooge that needed to be
released. We were both anxious and on the edge, neither of us had ever
engaged in anal intercourse before. Ronny had confided in me that he hadn't
done anything sexually, more than whack wood, since he joined the Marine
Corps. The last person I'd engaged in sex with was Ronny. We exchanged
blowjobs the night before he left for boot camp, so we'd both been in dry
dock except for our lonely masturbation sessions. We both needed each
other's companionship; we both needed each other for sexual relief that
night.

  With my Marine's saber buried inside me I was savoring the moment. I was
in control and would determine how things played out that night. From my
top position I would control the speed and the instant I let Ronny spray
his seed inside me. We continued sucking face, whispering in each other's
ears how much we wanted the other, and how we didn't want the evening to
end. I told Ronny how many times I had dreamed about him fucking me during
the months he was gone. I told him I wanted him to fuck me on a daily basis
for the next two weeks; more if he could. He reminded me that he had been
trained as a combat Marine and could fuck me forever.

  My cock was overflowing, spilling precum onto Ronny's hard stomach. I
knew instinctively his cock was doing the same inside me. My right leg was
cramped, becoming numb and uncomfortable; it was bent back at the knee
wedged along the outside of Ronny's outstretched left leg between him and
against the seat back. My left foot was planted firmly on the floor of the
truck. I needed to readjust my position to get into better stance where I
was more comfortable to start pumping Ronny's hard cock.

  After getting into position I was ready to begin bouncing up and down,
pumping the hard thick pole inside me. I'd read so many stories on the
Internet about what I was about to do, and watch video clips. I wanted to
do a job that Ronny would not forget soon.

  "Don't pull off me," Ronny pleaded as he held onto me.

  "I'm not. I'm just repositioning before I start pumping that beautiful
bone of yours baby."

  As my buttock rose from my Marine's lap I felt the friction of my
sphincter muscle wrapped around that thick sausage of his. I withdrew my
ass slowly sliding up Ronny's magic wand, and then suddenly I felt his
bulbous glans bump my magical button. The feeling that his pronounced
coronal ring produced as it rubbed against my prostate sent shivers through
my body, forcing me to let out a sigh of pleasure. I'd hit my mark. I knew
exactly how far to withdraw and how far to lower my ass on Ronny's cock to
attain maximum pleasure for both of us.

  I began slowly pumping my ass up and down, riding that slick thick fuck
stick of his. I had a steady rhythm going, being careful not to bring Ronny
or me off too quickly. The passion I was feeling was more intense than
anything I'd ever felt before in my life and I sensed the same in my
Marine.

  "Oh My God! Oh My God Gary, don't stop baby."

  Ronny was no longer whispering; instead his voice was roaring like a
hungry Lion. The thundering tone told me he was well into the throes of
wanton desire. He kept calling out for God and others passionately as we
began to peak. His hips thrust up into me as I pushed my ass down on him,
riding his rod from tip to base. Ronny's hands were grasping my ample buns
as if he was griping a football. As I would raise myself he would pull me
back towards him. I was moaning and groaning with desire as my Marine
pounded into my ass. The rhythmic action played out many times over and
over as we both flailed around inside the cab of the custom truck.

  Ronny kept pleading, "Oh Gary, fuck me! Fuck me baby!"

  With great passion I rode his big cock like a bucking bronco answering
back, "Yes! Yes! Oh My God Yes, you feel so fucking big inside me. Fuck me
with that big cock of yours."

  Hell, I didn't care if his cock was the size of a Gerkin pickle I would
have still screamed about how big it was. I didn't care about size I just
wanted Ronny to fill my ass with hard cock. We were both perspiring
profusely; droplets of sweat dripping off our bodies. Our hearts were
pounding and we were breathing rapidly. I knew we both were on the verge of
wild ass orgasms. I pumped his hard cock faster and faster. I was ready for
Ronny to explode inside me. I could hear and feel my hard cock slapping
against his hard stomach as I yelled out, "Fuck me Ronny! Fuck me!"

  I was glad we were secluded in the shop away from others. We were making
way to much noise. My balls were drawing up inside me. My cock thickened as
I rode Ronny's pony. I knew I was ready to explode any second. I wanted to
stop so neither of us would cum, but knew it was useless. We were both too
far along and caught up in the moment to quit. Ronny's pronounced coronal
ring made one last pass against my love button and it was over. My cock
began erupting all over my Marine's face, chest and stomach, string after
string of whitish spooge shooting out of my cock like a machine gun firing
final protective fire.

  Almost at the same instant I felt Ronny's hands tighten on my buns as he
pulled my ass all the way down to the base of his bone. At that point his
cock thickened up and exploded inside me. I could feel the warmth of his
spunk spraying my insides. The power of his warm semen being pumped into my
rectal cavity was as if some one turned on a fire hose or a Gattling gun
firing a lethal load. My sphincter was contracting working his hard cock,
milking every drop of juice from my Marine's manhood.

  Finally, my bare ass settled in his crotch. I could feel Ronny's pubic
hair tickling my sensitive bottom as we sat there in silence for what
seemed like a lifetime. Droplets of perspiration kept pouring off our
bodies. Neither one of spoke we just held each other tight, pressing our
slick semen sweat soaked bodies against each other.

  I discovered a spot of my spooge running down Ronny's cheek and licked it
off. I inhaled deeply; there was a strong aroma of raw sex in the cab of
the truck. The smell of two men engaging in wild raw animal sex was
overwhelming. I didn't want Ronny to withdraw his withering wand from my
behind, and he made no attempt to push me away. I sensed that we both
wanted to savor the moment; a truly blissful moment.

  After a long period I broke the silence, "Fuck! That was so fucking
good."

  "God, I'm still trying to realize what the fuck just happened," Ronny
said.

  "What do you mean man? You just fucked me senseless baby."

  "I've never experienced anything like that in my entire fucking life,"
Ronny said.

  "Me either."

  "That was ten times better than the first time I fucked Cheryl back in
high school," Ronny said, "I know the orgasm was twenty times more
powerful."

  "Yeah, the same here. My head is still pounding and I'm still seeing
lightening flashes before my eyes," I said.

  "What do we do next?" Ronny asked.

  "Just sit here with your cock buried inside me and wait for you to get
hard again and we'll do it all over again," I said.

  After both of us exploded in earth-shattering orgasms we remained facing
each other in silence. As I sat on Ronny's lap could feel his cock
deflating inside me, but I figured that if I didn't move around it wouldn't
slip out of my ass. I felt that even if he went all the way soft he had
enough flaccid cock to remain inside my ass.

  Neither of us wanted to move. We both were basking in the afterglow of
two powerful orgasms; orgasms of a lifetime. We were not only reveling in
the fact that we both had just experienced orgasms like neither of us had
experienced before, we were thinking about what was next. Every once in a
while I would tighten my sphincter muscle around Ronny's deflated dick and
he would grunt. I wanted to go again before the night was over, but had to
wait for Ronny to get hard again. I thought to myself how long do I have to
wait.

  I asked Ronny, "Do you think you can get it hard again baby?"

  Ronny replied, "I'm a Marine. Marines can fuck or fight all day and all
night long."

  I smiled at my Marine, kissing him on the lips I said, "Good, `cause I
need you to fuck again before the night is over Marine."

  "How in the fuck were you able to do that?" Ronny asked.

  "Do what?"

  "Take my cock up your ass. You know, it ain't small. Didn't it hurt?"
Ronny questioned.

  "Yeah, but only on initial entry, and then once my asshole got used to
that thick shaft it was all good baby," I replied.

  "So, I didn't hurt you that much?" Ronny asked.

  "I told you I'd been on the Internet discovering how to do anal sex, and
I also bought a couple toys to practice," I said.

  "What kind of toys?" Ronny asked.

  "I bought a couple of dildos online and I been practicin with them."

  "Dildos? So, you been practicing for this for a while?" Ronny questioned,
"You Dawg."

  "Yup."

  "I sure hope my real live dick felt a hella lot better than them dildos,"
Ronny said empathically.

  "Oh baby it was! Nothin will ever compare to this night."

  "I guess that all makes the night worthwhile," Ronny said.

  For me our first time would be something I would treasure forever; a
night I would not soon forget. I hoped the same would be true for Ronny.


  After you read the story let me know what you think of the story line.
E-mail me with your feedback about the story line or if you want to make
suggestions. If I don't get feedback from readers on my stories I tend to
drop them.

---

Untitled (Chapter 43)

Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2008 14:08:51 -0800 (PST)
From: R Ranger
Subject: Marine Home on Leave

  Warning! This story is sexually explicit, if you are not of legal age to
read such or are offended by this type of writing do not read any further.
To contact the author cut and paste making appropriate corrections and
E-mail: bn2rumpranger "at" yahoo "dot" com


  Marine Home on Leave
  By Randall Rumper


  The hand painted sign displayed in the front window at Driver Auto Repair
said WELCOME HOME: OUR MARINE HERO. Janie Driver had made the sign and
posted it in the window of her father's business to welcome her older
brother home. Ron Driver was due home on leave from the Marine Corps and
his family wanted to let him know that he had been missed and they loved
him. The Driver family was well-known and respected in the community; a
community that supported Ron and his fellow service members, serving and
defending the country during a time of Global War on Terror.

  Mr. Driver told me when I came into work that Ron would be home on leave
sometime that day. I had recently graduated from high school and was
working part-time at the auto repair shop while I attended junior
college. I had been working part-time at the repair shop for about two
years during high school. Ron graduated a year ahead of me and decided to
go off and join the Marines, so I took his place at his dad's shop. With
Ron gone I moved up to repairing cars. Prior to that time I'd been a pick
up and delivery boy as well as parts chaser for the shop.

  For me since arriving at work had been filled with anxiety as I awaited
Ronny's return. I hadn't seen my best friend in almost a year and missed
his companionship. Ronny, his younger brother Brandon and I had been best
friends since we were in grade school. We had shared so many things growing
up. All of us played sports, been in scouts and raced motor cross
together. In short, what ever activity one of us was involved in so was the
other. We were all so very competitive. We had also gone through puberty
together. My dad had been killed in action in the Gulf War, so Mr. Driver
was somewhat of a surrogate father to me. Dad had been a helicopter pilot
and was one of the last casualties of the Gulf War.

  With another war going on and growing in unpopularity I worried about
Ronny being in the Marine Corps, especially the fact that he was about to
be deployed to Afghanistan. Ronny wanted to be part of the military from
the time we were kids in grade school. He loved war movies and wanted to be
a jet fighter pilot in the Navy or Marines; however, when he got into high
school he discovered that he was color blind, so that dashed his dreams of
becoming a jet fighter jock. Instead of becoming an aircraft driver he had
settled on being a helicopter mechanic in the Marine Corps. After boot camp
he'd gone to helicopter aviation school and graduated top of his class, and
was now ready to take his training onto a combat zone to support Marine
Corps aviation in Afghanistan.

  I was lying on a creeper underneath a car tightening a muffler brackets
when Mr. Driver kicked me on the foot saying, "Hey, crawl out from under
there."

  I rolled out asking, "What's up sir?"

  "Get up," Mr. Driver said extending his hand helping me to my feet, "For
the next two weeks, unless I get really bogged down, I want you to spend
the time with Ronny while he's home on leave."

  "Sure, but what..." I started to say before Mr. Driver interrupted.

  "Your on the clock and you continue to draw a pay check for the next two
weeks," Mr. Driver said, "just make sure Ronny has a good time and is happy
while he's home."

  "Thank you sir. Will do."

  "I just want Ronny to have a good time before he has to go over to
Afghanistan. You never know it may be the last time we see him," Mr. Driver
said with what appeared to be a tear in his eye.

  "No problem sir we'll try to have a good time while he's here."

  "Go clean up and get outa here. Ronny should be home by the time you get
there," Mr. Driver said with a smile.

  I walked towards the latrine and locker room to wash up and change my
clothes. I put my street clothes on and waved goodbye to Mr. Driver. On the
way out the door the old man told me to plan on staying for dinner. Outside
the shop I hopped on my motorcycle, fired it up and rode towards my house
to take a shower. After taking a shower where I thoroughly washed my ass
crack I put on clean drawers and clothes. I figured that was in order if I
was staying for dinner with Ronny's family and what may happen after
dinner.


  Chapter 2: My Marine is Home

  As I rode over to Ronny's house the hum and vibration of my bike kept my
cock hard. All I could think about was my Marine. I wondered what he was
going to be like after all the months in the Marine Corps. Had he changed?
What kind of changes? Would he be the same old Ronny or had he become a
stiff Marine? I was going to find out shortly.

  Once I arrived at the Driver house the missus greeted me saying that
Brandon was on the way home from the airport with the guest of honor. I
milled around the kitchen smelling the good scents of what Mrs. Driver was
fixing for dinner. She was preparing a pull-apart pork barbecue, potato
salad and baked beans, Ronny's favorite. She'd also baked a couple of fresh
pies for desert.

  Brandon and Ronny boisterously burst through the back door into the
kitchen. I started to move towards Ronny to welcome him home, but deferred
to his mother, letting her get to him first for well-deserved hugs and
kisses. Finally, it was my turn to hug my best friend standing there in his
Marine uniform. God, he looked so handsome in that dress Marine
uniform. Ronny appeared to have grown an inch or two and put on about ten
pounds of new muscle since he'd been away, but maybe that was just my
imagination. Ronny had been in great physical shape before he shipped out
for boot camp. At six foot two and one hundred eighty pounds Ronny was a
good three inches taller than Brandon and me. He'd played football
throughout high school, but hadn't made the cut for scholarships.

  As we hugged I couldn't believe that my best friend was home from the
Marine Corps for two weeks leave. I released my grip on the big hunk and
looked him over from head to toe.

  "Damn Dude, I mean Private or Marine, you sure look good," I said.

  "You're lookin good too bro."

  Mrs. Driver broke off a small piece of pull-apart pork and put it in
Ronny's mouth. As he smiled all he could do was chew on the succulent meat
and moan, "Ah! Ummm!"

  Once Ronny was finished taste testing he said, "Wow! That was scrumptious
mom. So when's chow gonna be ready?"

  "About and hour. Your dad's on the way home and as soon as he gets here
and cleaned up we'll eat."

  Ronny and Brandon headed upstairs to their bedroom with me in trail. I
was anxious to see what Ronny looked like in the buff after months of
Marine Corps conditioning. I wondered if that physical training had made
his cock grow. Once in the bedroom Ronny began taking his uniform off and
carefully hanging it up. He stood there in nothing but boxer shorts and a
T-shirt looking around the room for a few minutes before focusing his
attention back on us. He told us that he was going to take a quick shower
before dinner. As he shucked his underwear, dropping his boxers to the
floor and walking out of them I couldn't help but look longingly at his
well-developed glutes. Nice looking ample buns with shallow dimples on each
side, an ass to die for. As he walked away I fantasized about burying my
face in his ass crack.

  Ronny made his way towards the bathroom teasing us with that beautiful
ass of his. As I watched him disappear I couldn't help thinking how
delicious it looked. I wanted to let my talented tongue eat it out and then
fuck it before dinner. As I took a seat on Ronny's bed to wait I thought
what mouth-watering appetizer; in the meantime, Brandon left the
room. After a shower my best friend was back in the room again standing
naked in front of me smelling so good. As Ronny dried his head with the
towel I thirsted for a taste of his beautiful cock.

  "You look a little hungry Gary," Ronny said with a smile standing with
his exposed crotch about two feet from my face, "do you still like the
looks of my weenie?"

  "I guess I just forgot for a minute how fuckin good you look in the raw."

  The smooth muscled tanned back and body standing in front of me was the
epitome of a Marine. Of the three of us Ronny always had the most beautiful
and powerful looking body; moreover, he had a totally awesome appearing
cock. He stood there in front of me almost as if tempting me to attack his
dick. Ronny's skin was darker more naturally tanned, taking after his dad's
side of the family. His black hair was cut high and tight in traditional
Marine Corps style, but the treasure trail and pubic bush were natural,
curly and tightly bunched around the base of the brown pole. Ronny body was
dark and smooth not a lot of body hair except for the pubic area and under
his arms. His nipples were pronounced little nubs that stood out about a
quarter of an inch on his powerful pecs when erect. But what really had my
attention was the brown trouser snake with its pink head.

  The awesome appearing semi flaccid penis protruding from the tangle foot
of black pubic hair hung over his dark wrinkled scrotal sac about five
inches: God it was captivating. I wanted to reach out and touch it in the
worst way, but hesitated. If we'd been alone in the house I would have been
on it in a heartbeat like I had so many times before. I would have pumped
it to full size in seconds. Brandon, Ronny and I were all circumcised, but
Ronny had the best looking dick among us. A very sleek looking pronounced
penis with a glans that reminded me of an F-117 Nighthawk Stealth Fighter
when it was erect. The prominent glans swept back from the tip, flaring out
at the top and sides widening to a rather conspicuous crimson coronal ring
at the base.

  A cockhead I'd always found to be so very provocative and delicious. I'd
been in awe of Ronny's cock since our days of puberty. The first time I
laid eyes on the pink glans with its deep red coronal band attached to the
brown shaft I wanted it. I also enjoyed playing with his balls that were
about the size of walnuts in his scrotal sac. I wanted to reach out and
take hold of Ronny's rod, bring it to my lips and breathe life into it. I
knew I didn't dare attempt to give it CPR because someone might walk in on
us; besides, I didn't know how Ronny might react to my attack on his
manhood now that he was a Marine.

  "Do you think it's grown since the last time you saw it?" Ronny asked
looking down at me with a smile.

  "Yeah..., I mean..., I'm not sure, but it still looks delicious to me."

  "Later on tonight maybe we'll go some place so you can taste it again,"
Ronny replied.

  "So, the Marine Corps haven't changed you?" I asked looking up at my best
friend.

  "Nothing will ever change our special friendship Gary."

  Mrs. Driver yelled up to us that dinner was ready. Ronny pulled on a pair
of boxers and some casual clothes before we headed downstairs. Mr. Driver
was already sitting at the head of the table, finishing a before dinner
cocktail looking at the paper. Ronny and I took seats across from Brandon
and their sister Janie. Brandon was a year younger than me at seventeen and
Janie was thirteen. Mrs. Driver put the last of the food on the table and
poured everyone a big glass of ice tea. After grace was said we all dug in
for healthy helpings of grub. As we began finishing our meals Mr. Driver
asked Ronny what his plans were for the next two weeks, telling Ronny that
I was on leave form the shop too.

  I could feel Ronny's leg nervously rubbing against mine under the table
which was arousing me. Ronny and I always sat next to each other whether it
was eating, watching television or riding in the car. We enjoyed secretly
sexually teasing each other by rubbing our legs and feet. Many times we
would sit in the spa and play with each other's cocks and balls with our
toes. When we stayed over night sleeping in Ronny's bed we would start out
nervously stroking each other's legs with our feet before moving onto
fondling each other's cocks. I wondered now that Ronny was a Marine had
sleeping with each other ended. Ronny thanked his dad and told him that he
hadn't given much thought about what he was going to do while on leave.

  Mr. Driver made a surprising announcement. He said that if we wanted to
go he had scored passes for the family to attend a big NASCAR
race. Needless to say, we all lit up with smiles that looked like Las Vegas
signboards. Everyone at the table was nodding in agreement and saying
yes. The old man said that if we wanted to go the three of us boys needed
to plan on devoting a full day at the shop getting the motor home serviced
and ready. We all agreed that would be no problem. Ronny said that he
wanted to take the bikes out for some cross country riding before he
left. Brandon seconded that. Mrs. Driver asked who wanted pie and what
type.

  There were two different pies: cherry and apple. Mrs. Driver said that
there was ice cream to top the pie off or whipped cream. Everyone opted for
ice cream. Ronny and I decided on cherry pie. Mrs. Driver sat two large
pieces of cherry pie a la mode in front of us. We both tore into the pie
and ice cream with gusto. After desert everyone excused themselves. Brandon
and his sister remained behind to help clear the table and wash
dishes. Mr. Driver excused himself to smoke his pipe on the back deck,
while Ronny and I went out to the garage.


  Chapter 3: Decisions

  Inside the family garage Ronny asked, "You gonna help me wash my truck up
bro?"

  "Sure," I replied.

  The two of us rolled the cover off Ronny's truck and carefully folded it,
laying it on the work bench. Ronny got behind the wheel and started the
beast. The truck was a customized Ford F-150; a labor of love that we had
all helped Ronny build. The exhaust system bellowed as Ronny gunned the
engine, deep sounds echoed throughout the garage as he backed it out. We
got the bucket and all the stuff necessary to wash the vehicle. After a
thorough wash we chamois the truck dry, vacuumed and cleaned out the
interior. Once we were finished Ronny asked, "So where we off to tonight?"

  "Dunno. You gonna go see Cheryl?" I asked.

  "Naw broke up with the bitch before I left for boot camp. She's probably
boning some other asshole by now," Ronny said in a disgusted tone, "besides
I don't need no bitch hangin round waitin on me while I'm gone."

  "Wanta go to the show?" I asked.

  "Sounds good."

  We told Ronny's parents that we were off to the show and would be home
late. I snatched up the entertainment section of the paper on the way
out. After we got into the truck and cleared the driveway I found a couple
of interesting flicks at theaters close by. We decided on one and we were
off. We got inside the theater and hit the snack bar before finding a
seat. There weren't too many people in the theater on a week night, so we
had our pick of seating. With no one around us we ate our pop corn and
drank our sodas in silence as we watched the movie. About halfway through
the film Ronny surreptitiously slipped his hand over the seat into my
crotch.

  At first I jumped, flinching at the sneaky attack on my manhood, but
immediately relented to Ronny's tender touch. His arm dangled over the seat
rest searching my crotch for the prize. Ronny let his fingers inconspicuous
fondle my burgeoning boner beneath the fabric of my cargos. As we watched
the movie his finger tips lightly traced the outline of my pumped up pecker
inside my right pant leg, driving me wild. My mind had lost track of the
movie, thinking about what might take place after we left the theater.

  "Are you interested in this movie?" Ronny whispered quietly.

  "Not really," I replied.

  Ronny removed his hand from my crotch and we sat watching the film for a
few minutes more to let our dicks deflate before exiting the theater. Once
we were out in the parking lot we mounted up in Ronny's truck and drove.

  "Where're we headed?" I asked.

  "I dunno, someplace secluded so we can be alone," Ronny replied.

  "What about your dad's shop? When I left today there weren't any cars
scheduled to remain overnight," I said.

  "You sure it's safe? Is there any night security? No one's working
tonight?"

  "Naw, your dad never believed in rent-a-cops and there ain't no dogs
either, so the place is all ours," I said.


  Chapter 4: Sex at the Shop

  We arrived at the Driver's repair shop. I got out and made entry through
the front office door, entered and locked the door behind me. I went
through the shop to open the single roll up door on the side of the
building. Ronny pulled his truck in as quietly as possible. Parked it and
turned off the engine while I closed the door. I got into the cab with
Ronny where we both made small talk before unzipping the front of our
cargos to expose our meat. We both were hard as we reached and began
fondling each other. Sitting in the truck stroking each other's cocks was
just like old times. We had done it many times before, but that night I
wanted to taste the forbidden fruit that I'd been missing for almost a
year.

  With no lights turned on in the shop or truck cab all we had was the
ambient light. The darkness made recognition difficult. All I could see was
the outline of Ronny's body next to me behind the steering wheel. I didn't
need illumination to find Ronny's cock; my nose guided me to it. I leaned
over grasping Ronny's hard cock, taking the stealthy shaped head into my
mouth where I began gobbling it up.

  Ronny was moaning and groaning with desire as my wet mouth serviced his
manhood. I could taste some of the clear precum seeping from his piss
slit. Although we had done this many times before I wanted more that
night. Since Ronny had been gone I'd been on the computer learning about
new stuff. We had never done much more than jacked each other off and given
each other a few blowjobs. We never kissed or made out; mostly we just
whacked wood, but occasionally we had rubbed our naked bodies together to
get off. I discovered in the Internet that was called frotting.

  If Ronny was game I wanted to change to some sexual stuff that might be
more gratifying for both of us I thought to myself. I pulled off Ronny's
cock to reposition myself. I asked him to slide over into the passenger
side of the tuck seat. After he moved I attempted unsuccessfully to pull
his cargos and boxers off.

  "Why do you want my pants all the way off? Can't you suck me with just
the fly open?" Ronny whispered.

  "You'll see, just drop them damn things onto the floor of the truck."

  Ronny complied removing his pants and boxers without another word as I
made my demands. Once we were both naked from the waist down I got into
position straddling Ronny's naked crotch. We positioned ourselves on the
truck seat facing each other. I was in an awkward top position; a clumsy
position that made what I was trying to accomplish difficult. Finally,
Ronny said, "Damn, it's cold on my ass."

  "I guarantee in a few minutes you'll never know it's cold," I replied.

  I was trying to get comfortable straddling Ronny's legs. Somehow I
managed and our cocks were now touching. They began jumping as we
touched. I moved my head in close to Ronny's head whispering into his ear,
"I want you tonight baby. I want all of you buried inside me. I want you to
fuck me senseless baby."

  "Wow! Gary..., we've never done anything like that before. I just thought
you wanted to jack off..., you know, get a nut. Maybe suck each other
off. I had no idea."

  "Shut up asshole," I said pressing my lips to Ronny's, cutting him off as
I pushed my crotch harder into Ronny's again feeling the warmth of our
cocks together. I could feel that both of us were leaking precum.

  I broke the kiss and whispered into his ear, "Tonight I want you, all of
you buried inside me, just fuck me. Give me all the spooge that you've
saved up for the past months. Fill my ass with your saber and seed."

  Without another word I pulled Ronny's T-shirt up exposing his chest. I
fondled his erect nipples. I bent my head down slightly where I began
kissing the nubs one at a time, listening to him moan and groan as I bit
down lightly on them one at a time. The buds on his chest were hard. My
attention that was focused on them making Ronny jump and twitch with
desire. He kept telling me to suck on them and not bite too hard. I suckled
on his nipples for what seemed like hours, taking breaks to root my nose in
his arm pits. I would lick his arm pits and smell the raw sex oozing from
every pore in his body.

  Pure Marine aroma was all I smelled as I moved down the front of Ronny's
bare body scooting back over his knees, kissing and licking as I traveled
south. Finally, there it was again, the treasure, seven inches of steel
Marine saber. I kissed the head of it and then inhaled the knob a few
times. My nose rooted around in his crotch, sniffing his black bush seeking
the musky aroma of a Marine; a Marine with a steel hard saber that I wanted
to impale in my throbbing ass. I didn't know if I could wait much longer.

  My sphincter was twitching and throbbing with anticipation. I was ready
to let my Marine deflower my asshole. I wanted to gobble up Ronny's
stealthy cockhead with my ass and take all seven inches of it full into my
rectal cavity. I wanted to feel Ronny's thick coronal ridge rub against my
prostate again and again, coaxing every bit of pent up spooge from my nuts
as I milked his cock with my sphincter muscles. I wanted him to spray a
full load of semen inside me like an electric gattling gun on a helicopter
spraying lethal fire from its six barrels. I was ready for my Marine to
fuck me and fuck me hard.

  With Ronny moaning and writhing about on the seat of the truck from my
touches I moved up his body and kissed him on the lips. I tenderly bit his
lower lip, pulling on it. I wanted his tongue in my mouth. Ronny dropped
the false front of the tough Marine and accepted my tongue. We kissed and
made out as though we were high school lovers. I would bite his lip
tenderly and he would bite me back. I was all over his face kissing him
everywhere.

  As I moved around the side of his face I whispered into his ear, "I'm
ready when you are baby. Ready to let you take my virginity."

  "Oh God! I'm ready too," Ronny replied breathlessly.

  We broke apart and enough for me to retrieve my pants on the floor of the
truck. I fished around in the pocket of my cargos for the condom and a
packet of lubricant I brought along hopeful something like this might
happen. I disposed of the condom on the floor and tore open the small
packet of lubricant. I squeezed some jell out and began rubbing it into my
asshole. I squeezed some more out and again inserted the slippery substance
inside my rectal cavity with my two fingers. I drained the remaining
lubricant from the packet and rubbed it around the glans of Ronny's
beautiful cockhead.

  "Hold onto the base of your cock to steady it and help guide it into me,"
I whispered.

  I rose up repositioning myself on the seat in front of Ronny, so my ass
was directly above his hard cock as I prepared to lower myself onto it. I
felt the slick hot head of my Marine's cockhead and began to push down on
the spongy head. I gasp grimacing with pain as the soft glans slipped past
the first ring of my sphincter into the neither area. I had to stop for a
minute to catch my breath and wait for the pain to subside. In a few
seconds I let my ass began to expand and contract, trying to gobble up the
rest of Ronny's big cockhead. As my body dropped down more I felt the
cockhead breech the second ring. Ronny's cockhead was finally inside my
rectal cavity. My ass was on fire with desire and pain as I waited before
sliding the rest of the way down the brown pole.

  My hands looped around Ronny's neck and I began kissing him. I pulled
back from Ronny's mouth again to regain my composure. I leaned forward
whispering in Ronny's ear, "Oh my God, you're inside me baby."

  "I know and it feels so great. You're so fucking tight and hot."

  "Now, I'm going to gobble the rest of that fantastic fuck stick up," I
whispered as I slowly let my ass slide all the way to the base of Ronny's
dick.

  Slowly, ever so slowly my ass slid down the brown hard pole to the point
I could feel Ronny's bush tickling my bare ass. I was there; my Marine was
all the way inside me. I sat there clumsily straddling Ronny's body on his
truck seat. My right leg in its bent position was beginning to numb. I
could feel every inch of his hot poker in my pucker.

  I whispered into Ronny's ear, "Don't you dare cum until I'm ready."

  He replied, "You're controlling the stick baby."

  I bit on Ronny's lower lip as we kissed and made out for what seemed like
an eternity as he was buried all the way inside me. I wasn't bouncing up
and down pumping his pole. I wanted to savor the time his saber was buried
inside me before he ejaculated. I continued whispering in his ear how much
I wanted him. I told him how many times I had gone to bed while he was gone
dreaming about what we were now doing. I told him I wanted him to fuck me
at least once a day for the next two weeks; more if he could. He told me
that he was a Marine and could fuck me indefinitely.

  I whispered into Ronny's ear, "Before you get over to Afghanistan my
mission is to make sure you're one well fucked Marine."

  "Oh God, I hope so," Ronny said.

  "While you're jacking off in some remote bunker over there I want you to
remember this night," I said.



  Let me know if you think this story line needs to advance further or
should I end it as a short story? E-mail me if you want to see me continue
the story line or if you want to make suggestions. If I don't get any
feedback from readers on my stories I tend to drop them.