Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Wed, 26 May 2010 14:11:01 EDT
From: Kevinmjo@aol.com
Subject: AIR FORCE SURVIVAL SCHOOL 3

All  rights reserved by Author Kevin Kelly of Philadelphia/New Jersey.
Any  resemblance to any person living or dead is not intended. The story is
 completely fiction. Please support Nifty and keep this great site going.
Now  sit back unzip and enjoy. For a photo of Author see information  below.

Recap:
Tow  sets of Young Military Officers are to be involved in an experiment to
see if  long term stranded military could adopt to sexually pleasing each
other.   To compound the experiment the men are actually two sets of Brothers
the Kelly's  and the Millers, Air Force and Army respectively. 23 or 24
years  old.

     As that first day progressed reading  each others minds wasn't the
hardest thing to do among the small group of 5  Military men.  On line was the
years of training in the Army and Air  Force Academy's in regards to sexual
behavior among members of the Armed  Forces.
the  Taboo's and legal repercussions of violating those rules and
regulations. Now  here on this small private Island stood four Young Adonis Officers
all Blonde,  blue eyed and totally in shape ready to break all the rules and
with the  Military's blessings to boot.
      None of the excellent training  all four had in the Academy's  would
have prepared them for this strange  yet tantalizing mission they were
embarked on.  The first cook out in the  back of the cabin that afternoon, Each
helping to serve up and cook the dogs and  burgers along with many, many
beers seemed on the surface perfectly normal and  like any other cook out for
the GI's they were. Yet there was an unspoken  undefined strain on the way
they were acting perhaps due to the knowing what was  to come between them?
     Normally four Officers would  naturally in a situation like a cook out
and beers would be reaching out to each  other to learn of the others and
happy to impart information about  themselves.  At This cook out the unspoken
thought was to go easy. Go real  easy.  This could be a career breaker or a
Career maker!  Then there  was the unknown also of each man being in time a
sexual partner.  As each  tried to make small talk the thoughts so easy to
read on their faces came  through.
" This  guy will be fucking me, This guy will want and expect me to suck
his  cock."  Can I do that in the Line of duty?  As if that were not  strange
enough to ponder the blood relationship comes in, They would be having  sex
with their own Brothers.  What would the relationships be for ever  after?
     For Jake and Gary Kelly that  threshold had already shockingly been
crossed. One now owed the other a cock  sucking.  First  Lieutenant Tim Miller
23 was handing  his Brother Jack,  his older by a year brother a burger and
their  hands touched in the exchange.  It was an electrifying moment for
them both  and thier eyes contacted and the thoughts were exchanged.  They
would be  expected to have all kinds of homosexual sex with abandonment with
each  other.
Jack  smiled as if to reassure his Kid brother all would be AOK.  In that
flash  of a moment Tim's mind was flashing all the moments in time he'd seen
his  Brother in all stages of undress and secretly desired him. They smiled
a knowing  smile.  Tim with pictures of Jacks big ass thick cock in his mind
and Jack  with pictures of his Kid brothers two round firm ass cheeks in
his  mind.
                                 The Arrangements
1.  The goals are to provide your partner with complete  sexual
satisfaction daily.  You'll be open and willing to endure any and  all to accomplish
that end.  Short of drawing blood.

2.  Nightly there will be assigned sleeping arrangements  that change
according to the posted list daily set by Major  Bill.

3.   All activities in the assigned rooms will be  filmed and recorded for
study and reviews.

4.  There needs to be maintained a policy of openness to  each other, that
is no personal favorites as far as sexual favors given or  asked.

5.  A willingness to engage in gay sex when any other  Officers expresses
the need.

6. Each  Officer will watch and absorb from films shown the various ways
two men can  please each other sexually.

7. Each  will do the jobs assigned to run and operate the encampment  daily.

8.  Those who are rated "A" will be advanced two grades  to Major at the
end of the three months.
Those  rated "B" will be advanced one grade to Captain at the end of three
months.  Those rated " C" will not be advanced and will be separated from
the Military.

The  sleeping assignments were posted they discovered on a chalk board in
the Kitchen  area.
Jake  Kelly 23 to be with Tim Miller also 23.
Gary  Kelly 24 to be with Jack Miller 24

Tim  Miller spoke up loosening up the tensions.
" Well  at least we're not committing incest on our first night here." ?The
laugh was a  welcomed relief to the pressured Officers.

Gary was the first to step into the room followed  by his bunkmate for the
night Jack Miller,  The small room with just a  closet and dressed and the
king sized bed,  had a mirror on the ceiling,  and the one wall was also
mirrored.
" Fuck it looks like a whore house room" Jack said  with nervous humor.

" Sure as hell does Buddy now which one of us is  going to be the whore for
the night?

Jack seemed to take offense at this. " Look  lieutenant. I never was and
will not be any man's whore,  My understanding  of the orders are its to be
mutual. What we give is what we get. You understand  that Lieutenant?
     Gary was never one to be  so easily He casually brow beaten.  He sat
down on the bed and  was removing his combat boots.
Skipping two ranks is what its all about for me  Lieutenant ( he spit out
the word )  I Plow your virgin ass and you plow my  virgin ass, You suck my
cock and take my load of cum and I do the favor back and  we both do it A
fucking Perfect and walk away with Major ranks. You got that  Lieutenant?
   Jack sprang to mock attention and was  saluting Gary sarcastically and
fast as a flash of lightening,  Gary  had undone the Man's fly and was
pulling out his cock  through his pulled down briefs.   Jack's cock in Gary's hand
 wasn't inflated at all, but it was meaty and thick and Gary knew already
the  thing was going to grow into a monster of a cock.  Gary pulled it to
full  length and was squeezing it and instantly the thing was growing as Gary
had  known it would into one thick monster of a cock.
   All conversation had stopped and all  animosity between them now
replaced by this act of  sex.
Jack was pulling ups and removing his shirt and  then lowering his pants as
now his fully inflated cock was being jerked off by  his roommate.
  " Oh fuck dude that feels so hot. Dam I  haven't felt anything like this
in too long a time, Oh fuck Gary keep doing it  for me."
     Gary now chuckled as he  now brazenly slipped his other hand under
Jack's massive balls and was feeling  his sweaty, hairy balls.
Wow Lieutenant You really do have big ass  balls."
Gary then looked up into Jacks face and while  holding and massaging his
cock and balls said.
" You ready to make this all mutual  Lieutenant?
Jack was thrusting his cock into Gary's pleasing  massaging hand and
nervously got out.

" OK I guess but lets forget the formal  Lieutenants and just be Jack and
Gary while we are jerking each other off like  this."
The both laughed at that and Gary stood up and was  stripping off his
clothes like they were on fire but it was him that was on fire  with a burning
desire.
" Holy fucking shit man" Jack exclaimed as he now  was looking at Gary's
bare long cock.
" NO fucking way will I ever be able to take that  monster up my tight ass."

Gary was pulling Jack to him and their two big 9  inch cock were touching
and humping against each other as Gary was whispering in  Jack's ear.
" By the end of three months your going to be  loving my big meat up your
cum soaked ass all in the name of glory.  Now  get your mouth down there and
make nice with my cock  boy!
   Jack the born leader was only too  happy to be the follower of orders
now and he slowly sank to his knees. He took  hold of Gary's 9 inch cock and
was getting familiar with all its aspects. The  long thick around cock shaft.
 The flared cock head with it really flared  ridge. The intoxicating smell
of it's unwashed for day cock.  He looked up  a few seconds before going
down and taking that big flared cock head into his  mouth to engage Gary's eyes
and see the want in them.  Then Gary's cock  head was filling his mouth and
the taste was out of this world of dried cum and  old piss on the long
unwashed cock so manly.
Jack's hand was feeding the raw cock into his  mouth and his other hand
caressing Gary's major big hairy balls.  Gary had  taken to feeding his cock
into Jack's mouth and pulling Jack's head onto his  dripping cum cock meat.
   " Yea that's it boy get use to the  taste of that big ass cock and get
ready to take my cum load cock  sucker."
Now Gary thrust his cock hard into Jack's mouth  and down his throat and
Jack gagged but did not  protest.
  " Get them boots off boy and get on that  bed. I want to taste what Your
eating, I want to suck your big cock too."

Adonis on Adonis is what it was as the two Blondes  lay on the bed naked
and sucking on each others cocks like they had been cock  suckers all their
lives.
Each taking turns following the others lead in  this new to them trill.
licking each others sweaty, hairy balls and pushing  their tongues into each
others dripping cum holes. Until they each exploded into  each others mouths.
You like more let me know. for a picture you must  give your age.  If ever
in Philly, Pa. lets meet  up.
kevinmjo@aol.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 27 Apr 2010 16:09:35 EDT
From: Kevinmjo@aol.com
Subject: AIR FORCE SURVIVAL SCHOOL 2

All  rights reserved by Author Kevin Kelly of Philadelphia/New Jersey.
Any  resemblance to any person living or dead is not intended. The story is
 completely fiction. Please support Nifty and keep this great site going.
Now  sit back unzip and enjoy.

     The two sets of Brothers and the  Major were in an Air Force chopper
being flown by the Major.  Air line  seats had been installed and the Kelly
brothers were on onside of the chopper  and the Miller Brothers on the other.
 They were silent and lost in their  own thoughts as the chopper was
heading to the Island off the coast of  Maine.
     Gary Kelly was by the window and  looking around at the Millers and
his Kid Brother Jake.  It was striking he  thought how the Miller boys and the
Kelly boys all seemed to look very much  alike.
     All blondes
     All tall over six foot  2
     All Blue eyed and all muscularly  handsome.

Trying  not to be caught checking our each man Gary was letting his mind
wonder but more  on a mission of sorts.  The mission was to figure out how all
this was  going to work?  He thought of a passage he had heard many years
ago in the  Bible, " From my secret sins, deliver me Oh Lord"
Gary  had a secret sin. A sin which might help him on this very mission, A
sin that  was always to be hidden but now would be to his advantage.
beginning in  Grade school and continuing all the way to graduation from high
school and  entering into the Air Force Academy, Gary had been carrying on a
homosexual  relationship with his best buddy Tim Kane next door.
They  had started it so early in life and while both knew it was wrong and
unacceptable both knew they loved their relationship and felt as long as
nobody  but them knew of it then it was just kind of helping each other out.
Much  like this test program sought to do Gary reasoned.
Gary  looked over at the Miller's side of the craft and at the younger of
the two Tim  Miller.  Tim's eyes were closed maybe in sleep or like Gary
thought.   Gary's mind was wondering what it was going to be like actually
getting to suck  on Tim' cock.  The last few days Gary couldn't help but notice
Tim's cock  out lined in his tight uniform pants.  Looked like he had a big
cock head  and Gary was now getting a hard on thinking of what he had seen
and what would  be happening on this Island between him and the handsome
Miller boy.  Deep  in these erotic thoughts Gary hadn't notice his own Brother
next to him was  awake.  Suddenly he felt and hand right on the shaft of his
hard long cock  and it startled him and he jumped in his seat looking to his
brother who was now  massaging Gary's hard cock in his pants.
     Jake was smiling the impish Kid  brother smile of his and saying as he
massaged his big brothers  cock.

" Relax  Gary, Just go with the flow here. What I am doing is nothing more
then you'd do  to an air craft kind of pre-flighting you might say. Dam
Yours is even bigger  then I ever imagined it to be Gary. Yeah real big Bro."

Gary  smiled and spread his legs allowing his handsome kid brother to reach
under and  massage his big balls as well. After a quick look over at the
Miller's to insure  they were not seen Gary unzipped his fly and spread his
fly wide open.   Jake smiled that impish smile of his again at his brother and
his hand was  moving into Gary's fly and soon into the fly of his boxers
and touching and  taking hold of Gary's hard throbbing 9 inch bare cock.
   The sensation for Gary of all this was extremely  turning him on. The
whole taboo of it, the fear of being caught by the Miller's  or the Major and
the pent up desires for his handsome kid brother all  coming into play as
Jake was now moving his thumb and forefinger all over Gary's  big cock head
and spreading his pre-cum all over the shaft of his  cock.
   Gary was bolder now and reached down and freed his throbbing big bare
cock from  his pants. He grasped his hand on his brother's neck and was
pulling his head  down towards his throbbing big cock to have it sucked.  There
was no impish  smile on Jake's face now as he was moving down and down towards
his own  brother's cock.  The last instant the two brothers nodded their
heads to  each other sort of saying " It has to happen" then the electrically
defining  moment when one brothers cock enters into that of another brothers
moist mouth  for the first time.
    Each Kelly Brother let out a muffled moan  of pleasure as cock meets
mouth. Gary savoring the sensation of his brother's  mouth and lips coming
over his wide cock head and his cock making contact with  Jake's tongue and
feeling Jake's lips forming a tight strong bond on his cock  thick cock that
first time.
   Jake moaning at the same time as he tasted first with his extended
tongue Gary's  delicious pre-cum juice.
then  that massive cock head of Gary's moving along his tongue and his own
lips  closing all around the thick wide shaft of his brother's bare fleshed
cock.
   In a second Gary's cock to his own surprise was entering into his
brother tight  throat and down his throat went his wide big bare cock head as
Jake's throat  mussels clapped tightly around that monster cock of Gary's.
   The two brothers were working as a team on that  big long 9 inch cock.
Jake taking all of it down his throat and licking all over  the long shaft as
it pulled in and out of his throat.  Gary feeding is long  cock down his
brothers tight throat in total amazement and glee at his brothers  hidden
skills.
   Gary put his head down between his own legs so that he had his mouth to
his  brother Jake's ear as Jake was sucking like a champ.
" I am  going to cum" He whispered so as not to awake the others. " Can you
take a big  load of my cum?

Jake  moaned his yes and Gary was soon shooting the biggest load of cum
ever in his  life down his own brother's hot tight throat and it felt like the
hottest sex  he'd ever had, Gary was in love with is own Brother as the last
of his massive  load shot of his cock.
Jake  was shooting his own load in his pants when the were both bought back
to the  moment by The Major saying on the intercom.
   " Gentlemen we are about to land on the  Island,   our home for the next
three months. I am going to put us  down right at the front door. Lt. Jack
Miller I want you to run in the house and  bring out five beers from the
refrigerator you'll see in there. The rest of us  will stand by the chopper,
then we'll tour our Island Paradise as the team we  are meant to be."

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2010 15:36:11 EDT
From: Kevinmjo@aol.com
Subject: TWO BROTHERS IN AIR FORCE SURVIVAL SCHOOL.

All  rights reserved by Author Kevin Kelly of Philadelphia/New Jersey.
Any  resemblance to any person living or dead is not intended. The story is
 completely fiction. Please support Nifty and keep this great site going.
For a  photo of Author you must give age.
Now sit back, unzip and  enjoy.

     Never in the history of Brothers or  for that matter The United States
Air Force have two men been better prepared  for the mission of working as
a team in defense of this great nation. Jake and  Gary Kelly were raised by
a single Father from the age of three and  two three respectively.  Their
Father was the future chief of staff of  the USAF.  Do not go presetting you
minds to their formative years being  strict and harsh as one might expect
from a Career Officer. Those years  were filled with love and understanding
and a closeness unknown to most.   They grew up knowing to treat failure as
only a set back, a set back they could  and would help each other with as a
team over come, that each had one purpose in  life and that was to help his
teammates and the mission while enjoying it  all.
The  General was known as a Man who could not only get the job done but get
it done  with the least strain on all through team work, That he worked
harder helping  others meet the goals then any under him.  Enlisted men
respected him more  then they feared his rank, Officers held him as the model to
be.
    General Kelly was in conference with the  Secretary of the Air Force
going over reports of the Air Forces survival School  training programs.  the
reports were not good on many levels but the most  glaring slump was when
the Air Force put two men together in deserted areas  alone for longer then a
month at a time.  Repeatedly the two men other  wise out standing Officers
and pilots became antagonistic to one another over  such a long period and
the fear was that in real time they would have killed on  another.  The remote
warfare now being conducted by America made the  possibility of such cases
of stranded Pilots more the norm then ever  before and something had to be
done, Something figured out.  All kinds of  experts were called in to give
opinions on the nature of the situation.   Two all American males left in
these situations it was said would lead to this  sort of behavior in time and
was not avoidable.
   The Secretary of the Air Force was  for just ignoring the problem,
Figuring on the acceptable loss idea. One would  kill the other and that was that
and unavoidable.
The General had done his homework in the weeks  leading up to this
conference and wasn't ready to have the Air Force loose one  pilot over the problem.
Mr. Secretary The best fighting units ever to  grace this earth, The
Greeks, the Spartan, and the Romans to mention only a few  had to address this
very problem.  they did just that and they beat the  problem we should follow
their example in this matter  sir.

The Secretary of the Air Force laughed out loud  and looked at the General.
" Man you can't be serious? Your talking the making  of our pilots either
bi-sexual or all out gay just so a few could save the day  when stranded?

Mr. Secretary,   strange as it may seem I am  talking just that.  Making
them open to this by our saying  to them,  in of course the strictest
confidence and not for public  dissemination,  that they being open to
homosexuality would make them  better able to cope with and survive the trails of being
stranded alone for long  periods of time. That sort of serving and offering
to each other this sort of  relief would be a part of their buddy system
where they can count on each  other."

The Secretary sat back in his chair and was quite  for a moment deep in
thought.  He stood slowly and then looking at his  General he said.
" General as you know I was a history professor  for many years before
getting involved in politics through the back door as they  say,   You've hit on
something that resounds true to me as a professor  but as one in politics
scares the hell out of me."

Mr. Secretary, The General said. It is saving  Pilots that matters not
politics."

" True all too true."  the Secretary was  saying and adding. " but we must
first try this on a small scale, a very small  and most top secret scale.
We are blessed in ways that now Homosexuals may  serve openly in the Armed
forces so that is to our advantage, but again that  doesn't mean all Pilots
should or would be open to this idea.  we'd have to  try it on a small very
small scale.  Not just two men but say four  men."  The General went to say
something at this point but the Secretary  was in his professors mode and
motioned for his to remain silent while he went  on with.
" In all fairness we two shouldn't ask this of  some strangers son's while
we between us have four sons. Not at all. We should  use our own son's as
the testers of this idea.  Only fair  General."
Instantly the General was regretting his having  ever opened his mouth.  He
knew that The  Secretary had two Son's both  Army Officers and he had the
two Son's both Air Force fighter Pilots. Now it was  he standing to his feet.
" Are you suggesting Sir we use our own  Son's?

General the Secretary said I know the dangers and  the pit falls in all
this. I want grand children as much as you do and this  could be a break on
either of us ever having grand children to bounce on our  knees but can we
honestly use the son's of others and not be willing to use our  own?
The General sat back down in his  chair, felling the whole weight of what
was being proposed. What he would  have to ask his own two wonderful sons to
subject themselves to.  He knew  the Secretary was of course right. He'd
have to ask his son's as the secretary  was willing to do with his own two
son's .
                     Weeks later at Dow Air force base in Maine.

Four officers all 2nd lieutenants were seated in a  class room having come
from different bases across the United States just the  day before for a top
secret briefing they were told nothing of the reason or  mission.
They'd all been through the Army and the Air  Force's survival program and
so were socked when they learned from the Young  Major that, that was the
subject.  The problem with men alone for long  times it was explained,  was
that they would often,  being driven by  sexual deprivation turn on each other
and rapes would happen and even death  would happen because of this being
alone and the sexual deprivation.  The  idea that if only all were open to
helping each other in this way then the  problem would be solved and valuable
men's lives  spared.
    There was silence among the  four Military Officers.
The strange words of the Major sinking in and not  all at once. First to
speak was General Kelly's oldest son.  Lt. Jake.
" Sir, I don't understand this at all. I flew in  last night and was told
to be in this room. Why I have no idea. are we being  asked to give you ideas
on this or what exactly?
The Major looked uncomfortable and said.   Frankly You four are being asked
to be the military's testers here. Your being  asked to be left alone all
four of you and to do the survival thing only this  time it will be not to
test you abilities to eat and live out in the wild alone  but to live with
each other, the four of you alone, to help each other survive  and live and
return to active duty. Not kill each other because of sexual pent  up feelings
but to be open as straight men to helping serve and save each other
sexually."
   There was much looking around the  room at each other and much
uncomfortable clearing of throats among the young  officers at long last it was the
older of the Secretary of the Air Forces son  who stood up. Army Lt. Jack.

" Major can we speak our minds and for the moment  be not military here?

The Major.  " Yes of course you may,   Not only may you but I think you
have to be. Please men call me Bill and not  Major, I'll call you by your first
names as well if you don't mind. Now, ah Jack  go ahead and speak your
mind. curse if you feel that  helps."

Jack cleared his own throat once more and looking  around said. " Do you or
the people who sent us here think any of us are gay? I  mean why would you
or why did you pick us. Hell Bill,   I know 10  officers who would love to
be alone on an island with four handsome men and I am  not one of them."
   Nor am I gay Jack the Major said. you  see its to be five not four of us
and the whole object of the experiment is to  take five or so straight men
and see if they can help each other in a pinch like  this all in the name of
survival.

Lt. Jake the younger of the two Kelly's stood up  now.
Look here is the way I am taking this all. The Air  force or Military as
the case may be is asking me to go off some place and have  all kinds of sex
with not only strangers but male strangers and one being my own  Brother to
boot.  I've been through survival training and I do now that  sexuality is a
problem and all but is this right?  Gary here is my big  brother and I love
him and all but not in that way.
   Army Lt. Tim Miller stood now and he  was the tallest of the tall in the
group and with is blonde hair and baby face  the handsomest hands down.
I've spent my life willing and making myself  able to serve this nation. will
to give it all even my life.  I too love my  brother like Lt. Kelly does his
but this is asking a whole lot. Maybe too  much?
     Lt. Jack stood up now and  said. I see the problem and I understand
that pent up sexual feelings among men  a lone on an island can be dangerous,
that teaching men to be open to kind of  helping each other in that area can
be a life saver but while I personally do  not like men sexually I am an
officers and I can't ask me own men to do  something I wouldn't do.  So if
this is what it takes, I mean if it takes  sucking every cock in this room to
keep our America free then I am on my knees  gentlemen."
There was stark silence in the room and nobody was  looking at no body.
Then suddenly it was Tim Jack's younger Son who spoke  up.
" You shock the living shit out of me Jack, I  would never expect you
saying something like that. I am both totally ashamed of  you and totally proud.
and I might add looking forward to getting some head from  you too."

There was laughter all over the room, nervous to  be sure and brother
looking to brother for reactions and all looking at the  young handsome 23 year
old major.
Major Bill stood now and assumed once again the  head of the class position
up front.
Ok Girls. here is the bottom line. we leave  tomorrow at 0800 hours for a
remote island off the coast of Maine. We'll be the  only people there for the
next three months. We'll have it easy really.   I've been there and help
set the place up it lacks nothing in comfort. a cabin  that has two queen size
beds two to a bed. large bath with a shower to fit two.  A large living
room with closed circuit main land TV. a kitchen to kiss for  .
2 miles of beach air conditioning for our comfort  and a full wet bar that
seats six and is well  supplied.
  Jake Kelly called out " what about the  rubbers and oils?   fuck I am
horny  already.
Gary stood now with a more serious question. Sir  we are all I assume
straight men and as such have only limited know how in  having sex with men, this
isn't preparing us very well  really?
     " That is were I come in  Gentlemen, You see I am to be Your gay
instructor. I am a gay male and I'll have  plenty of hot sexy male on male videos
to show you.
You'll each be required to have sex with a partner  of my choice at least
twice a day.  More often then that is your choice and  you'll all have to do
other duties to cook and clean the place up. A real sex  resort for new
comers. OK Gentlemen we meet here tomorrow one hour before  departure time bring
only the clothes on your backs. Your belongings left in you  rooms will be
safe until our return in three months all non  virgins.
   The four handsome young Officers were  talking and checking each other
out as they all headed to the last night on the  base to the Officers club
and steak dinner and lots of booze oh yeas lots of  booze.
   Next chapter " Can they will they.  Brothers share a room one last night
as virgins to each  other."

Thank  You for reading and I hope You enjoyed? If so let me know via mail.
If You would  like a photo of Author state your age for legal reasons.
if ever in  Philadelphia let me know for a meet up in the Gayborhood. At
Uncle's bar in  Philly every last Sunday of the  month.
kevinmjo@aol.com.