Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2013 10:50:02 -0500 (EST)
From: ScarletLegg@aol.com
Subject: In the Army Now, Chapter 3

****You know all the legal requirements about being of age in your area to
read stories of a sexual nature. This is about male/male sex so if that
subject offends you, leave now. All my stories are copyrighted.****

Please donate to Nifty so they can continue to bring  you good stories.

This story is mostly truth with some fiction  thrown in to help embellish
the story. This story is dedicated to the memory of my  brother and the
good times we had together.


Previously:


The guys started talking while we ate our breakfast. I  was headed back for
a second cup of coffee when a bunch of troops and NCOs  entered. The
next thing I knew Shawn was walking up to me real  fast.

"Don't say anything! Just get your coffee and get back  to the table with
me."

I wasn't sure what Shawn was up to until some NCOs  walked up and asked
if I was one of the infiltrators that hit their base  camp. I looked into
their
faces, turned and walked back to the table. By this  time, James was turned
around in his chair watching the scene unfold. Shawn  evidently said
something that defused the situation. He was soon back  at the table with
his coffee and gave me a smile and a wink.

"I have to tell you, you are really upsetting the  apple cart and pissing
some
people off!" Then he started chuckling. The rest of  the table soon joined
in.

I finished my coffee and asked James if Roberts could  drive me home. I
was beat and wanted to hit the sack. James said that  would be fine, he
needed to write reports and tossed the keys to  Shawn.  "Take your time....
I'll be tied up for a while."

I was kind of surprised by that and wasn't quite sure  what was going on.
Shawn and I left and headed toward the house. Once we  got there, I asked
him to come inside.

"Are you sure?" he asked playfully.

"Absolutely!"

No sooner were we inside and the door closed, Shawn  took me in his arms
and started kissing me passionately. Our hands were  all over each other
until mine ended up on his crotch and his on my ass.

"I want to fuck you so bad" he moaned.

"Me too....I want to feel you inside me."


Now Chapter 3:


I guess at this point I should tell you a bit about  myself. I was
almost five feet, seven inches tall at the time, weighed 130 pounds
with light brown hair and green-brown eyes. Shawn was a good
six feet tall with coal black wavy hair, cut short in the military style,
with the most amazing sky blue eyes, eyes that I could get lost in.
I guess he weighed in at around 160 to 170 pounds of what I would
soon find out to be a lean, muscular body.

We continued kissing for a while until I pulled away  from his lips.

"Will you?"

He looked down at me with a loving look "Fuck  you?"

"Yes" I whimpered.

"No,.......but I will make love to you."

We kissed some more as we slowly moved toward the  sofa, our
hands still  exploring each other. Then I pulled away and excused
myself. I headed  to the bathroom to make sure I was good and
clean before we went any further. When I returned, Shawn was
neatly folding his fatigues, his boots neatly set at the end of the
sofa. As I approached, he stood upright and turned toward me.
I will never forget the sight of him standing there in  his tented
Army issue green  boxer shorts and socks. A small triangle of
black hair on his  chest and the lean, muscled body. He took  me
in his arms and  started kissing me hard and passionately.

"Looks like you are over dressed!"

He had my black pajama set off me in no time, then  lifted me up
in a hug while we kissed, getting me to wrap my legs  around his
waist. He lost his boxers. As my butt made contact  with his groin,
I could feel his huge cock press against me. It excited and scared
me at the same time. I felt him grind it against me and thought I
would pass out.

We continued our amazing kissing until he asked if I  had anything
to use as lube. The only thing we had back then was  Vaseline and
he walked us into the bathroom to get it.

I was so lost in my emotions, the next thing I  remember was being
on my back, in my bed, with Shawn on top of me,  pressing his
body against mine as he started kissing and nibbling  my ear lobe
and then moving down my neck. I was writhing under him  as he
lovingly assaulted my body. When he reached a nipple  and started
sucking it, I about hit the ceiling, the feelings were  so intense. We
both started laughing.

"God!....Your body is so sensitive and sensual.....I  love it!"

And then he went back to torturing my nipple as I  squirmed under
him, both of us grinding our bodies against each other  and his
strong hands holding me in place beneath him.

Moments later he moved to my other nipple and excited  me all
over again. I could feel Shawn pushing his engorged  cock against
my thigh and my  thoughts were flooded with 'could I handle his
size and satisfy  him.'

I snapped back when I felt his tongue slowly working  down my
torso. He wiggled it in my belly button, tickling me  and making me
laugh. Then he went down and mouthed my cock through  the pouch
of my jock strap. My hands moved to his head as I  squirmed. Then
he slowly slid my jock off and took my cock in his  mouth. I wanted
to scream.

His left hand moved up my chest till he found a nipple  and gently
started manipulating it. His right hand slowly worked  down below
my balls causing me to open and spread my legs. I  felt his finger
caress my hole for a few seconds before leaving.  That's when I
heard the top popped off the Vaseline container. His  finger soon
returned to my hole as I felt him smearing the jelly  around it, then
slowly push inside me. He felt my body tense in  response and
stopped sucking my cock and moved to my balls.

"Are you okay?"

"God yes!" I moaned.

He chuckled as he worked his finger deeper and started moving it
around.

"Fuck, you are tight Mikey....relax baby."

I tried and I soon felt another finger easing inside  me.

"That's it.....open up that hole for me."

Easy for him to say. This was a new and mind bending  experience
for me. But I wanted him so bad. I wanted to feel  him inside me and
please him.

Shawn worked his fingers in and around, loosening my  rectal
muscle. Then a third finger entered me. It added more  pressure
which I soon adjusted to as Shawn leaned up and  started kissing
me again.

After a couple minutes, his fingers eased out of me  and he moved
into position between my legs and hoisted  them until my feet were
almost on his shoulders. He took some more Vaseline  and coated
his cock. Then he carefully lined it up with my hole  and turned his
attention to watch my face as he started to push into  me. I grimaced
when I felt the huge, flared head as it entered  me, my ass coming up
off the bed. His hands held me tightly in place as he  slowly pushed
his thick shaft into me. We both moaned. My ass  tightened, then
relaxed as Shawn slowly rocked his hips back and  forth, his cock
slowly stretching my colon as he went deeper. It was  so intense
feeling him inside me and it was some  time before I felt his pubic hair
against my butt.

"OH MY GOD!......I'm in you baby......SHIT!....You  feel like a fucking
furnace wrapped around my cock."

I felt completely stuffed and out of breath. It felt  like Shawn's cock
was pushing against my stomach. We just looked at each  other for
a second before he leaned down and started kissing me.  That was
the magic touch as I relaxed. He felt it and started a  slow movement
back and forth. I could actually feel the flare of his  cock head raking
the walls of my colon as it moved in and out.

Shawn's fuck was slow and sensual. Neither of us  wanted to rush
this, we were in such a state of euphoria over our  union. Time
seemed to stand still until I wanted to feel as  much of him as possible,
as deep as possible. I shifted my legs from his  shoulders and wrapped
them around his waist, pulling my ass higher and  deeper into his
groin, forcing his cock deep inside me. I moaned at  the feeling.

"Yeah baby....take me deep!"

Once he was pressed as deep as he could get, I started  using my ass
muscles to hold him in me. Instead, they were pulling  him in.

"HOLY FUCK!....... My God, where did you learn to do  that?"

"What?"

"Michael....your ass muscles!....They're pulling my  cock in almost in a
death grip!"

"Sorry."

"Don't be......WOW!......And please don't  stop.......It is an awesome
feeling."

So as Shawn slowly fucked me, I pleasured him by  working his cock
over with my ass muscles. We both got lost in the heat  and passion of
the moment. I noticed all too soon he was almost  growling as his pace
started picking up. Both our heads were thrown back as  we started
thrusting against each other.

"OH FUCK!" Shawn said as he started pounding into me,  making me
grunt each time he bottomed out. I felt his cock  getting harder, if that
was possible, and swelling a bit more. He was hitting  that special spot
inside me and I soon experienced the most intense  orgasm of my life.
My cock pulsed and sprayed my load between our heaving  bodies. My
ass muscles spasmed down on Shawn's  cock.

"I can't help it....I'm going to cum!"

"Cum in me Shawn!"

He leaned in and kissed me passionately and hard as  his hips hammered
against my ass. I was on the verge of screaming as he  gripped me hard
and held me in place as he slammed his cock deep and  held it there. His
body tensed  as  I felt the first warm jet of  cum shoot inside me. He
began
whimpering as his body jerked with each ejaculation. I  was amazed at
the volume of cum he shot into me. My eyes were shut,  my head thrown
back as I felt him throbbing time and again inside me.

Then he collapsed on top of me. We were both breathing  heavily. We laid
like that for some time as he gently kissed the sweaty  skin of my neck.

"I never imagined fucking a guy.....could be so  intense...so awesome."

"You've never?"

"No!......But then I've never been turned on by a guy  until you."

"Well....I'm glad it was me!"

We both chuckled as we lay there, then Shawn looked at  me.

"Are you all right?.....I mean, I didn't hurt you  there at the end did I?"

"No, I'm fine....although I was afraid at first that  you might."

"God what I would give to fuck you again, but if I  don't get back,
James will start  to wonder what happened."

"Just tell him I asked you in for coffee and we  talked."

"That'll work" Shawn said as he leaned in and kissed  me. At the
same time I could  feel him easing his cock out of me. I moaned at
its withdrawal.

"I wish you didn't have to go."

"Me either...I could stay in bed with you all day."

Shawn got out of bed and went to the bathroom. I met  him in the
living room as he came in with his boxers back on. He  got dressed
and kissed me  before leaving.

"This is just the start Michael."

I watched him get in the car and head down the road. I  returned to
the living room, turned on the TV and collapsed on the  sofa. I could
feel Shawn's massive load deep inside me. I slept up until just before
James got home. I had a pair of shorts on when he walked in. He
asked how I was feeling and I told him I was beat and taking the
night off. He laughed and said that was fine.

I decided I needed the rest so I could collect my  thoughts and plan
my next adventure, especially where it might concern  Shawn.


***Hope you enjoyed chapter 3. All feedback is  welcome.***

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

xDate: Thu, 12 Dec 2013 00:31:49 -0500 (EST)
From: ScarletLegg@aol.com
Subject: In the Army Now Chapter 2

In the Army Now, Chapter 2


****You know all the legal requirements about being of age in your area to
read stories of a sexual nature. This is about male/male sex so if that
subject offends you, leave now. All my stories are copyrighted.****

Please donate to Nifty so they can continue to bring  you good stories.


This story is mostly truth with some fiction  thrown in to help embellish
the story. This story is dedicated to the memory of my  brother and the
good times we had together.



Previously:


"Well, how did it go?"

I laughed "Do you have any way of waking the troops  before dawn and
calling them in to assembly?"

"Sure....just get up there and blow my whistle."

"Super! Let's go......you're going to love this!"

He drove up the road a little ways, parked and then we  walked the
remaining distance to the camp. I kept him from  entering the perimeter.
It was still dark and predawn when he started blowing  his whistle. It
took a moment of two before soldiers were moving when  all hell started
breaking lose as trip wires were hit and smoke  grenades started going
off. James kept blowing his whistle till he couldn't  stand it and we were
both rolling on the ground laughing our asses  off.

"Where the hell did you come up with that?" he  laughed.

"Hey, they were all asleep and I found a box filled  with grenades and
trip wire."

There was a big commotion still going on as we got up  and started
walking into camp. Soldiers were running around while  others were
coming in from their foxholes. Clouds of colored smoke  covered the area.
By the time things started to settle down and the  smoke started to clear,
the first light of dawn was breaking the horizon.  James had his NCO's
get the men into formation. Once assembled but still  bewildered, James
addressed the men.

"Charlie visited you during the night!...And by the  looks of it, he pretty
well wiped you out. From what I am seeing, most of  your asses are dead!"

He walked along and then pulled out his pocket mirror.  "Those of you
out in your perimeter foxholes fell asleep and Charlie  cut your throats!"
he said as he walked along showing the men the red  marker across
their throats. When he got to Jamison and Wilson, he  looked at them,
then at me.

"They were awake and on duty" I said.

"Well, you two are probably the only ones to survive  the night!"

Both Jamison and Wilson were now looking at me in the  morning light
with questioning looks. When James introduced me as  his kid civilian
brother that had done all the damage, Jamison and  Wilson both rolled
their eyes and seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. All  I could do was
smile.
Then I walked over and sat under a tree while James  finished with his
NCO's.

It must have been about 30 minutes later that he  walked over to me.

"Are you hungry?....How bout I treat you to breakfast  at the mess hall?"


Now Chapter 2:


We walked back to the car and drove down to the  assembly area. James
parked in front of one of the small office buildings  and we walked over to
the mess hall. There were troops unloading from  transports in the big
parking lot with officers and NCO's barking out  orders. It was fun
cruising all the good looking guys.

We entered the mess hall and James pointed me in the  direction of the
wash room so I could get the camouflage grease off my  face before
eating. When I walked out, we got our food and I  followed James over
to a specific area to eat. As we walked up,  there was Roberts sitting
there staring at me, at first a look I could only  interpret as disbelief
and
then a big smile crossed his face. I smiled back as we  sat down, his
eyes never leaving mine.

Roberts looked at my brother "Don't tell me your  little soldier struck
again?" he chuckled.

James looked at Roberts and started laughing. "You'll  be hearing about
this one for a long time......it was classic and he  almost wiped out the
entire company."

I was smiling with pride as Roberts gaze returned to  mine. "So Michael,
I take it you are really eating up this action of  infiltrating and causing
havoc?"

"Yes sir......it's a real blast!"

"Well, suffice it to say, word has been spreading fast  among the NCOs.
I think there are a couple who would love to turn the  tables and capture
you in the process.....You do know what that would  mean, don't you?"

I gave both Roberts and my brother a questioning look  as I took a bite
of food.

"That would mean torture and interrogation."

"REALLY?" I was surprised and hadn't thought about  that situation.

"Hey, it's all a part of the training......you think  you can handle that
if
things go wrong?"

My mind was spinning at the prospect of being tortured  and I thought
back to all the stories I had read about the Indian  cultures. How bad
could it be if I got caught?

"Well sir, I'll cross that bridge if and when it ever  happens."

James, Roberts and the other NCOs started laughing.  Roberts looked
at James, "Yeah, he's your brother all right!"

We all ate our breakfast while James and the NCOs  talked about the
troops and training missions for the day. As we were  finishing, James
turned to me.

"Mikey, I'm going to have Roberts drive you to the  house. I need the car
later to drive to headquarters at the base."

I felt a bit embarrassed that James called me that in  front of his men,
especially Roberts, but then he commonly called me  that when we were
growing up and it was only used as a sign of brotherly  affection.

Roberts and I walked out to the parking area, got  in the car and headed
to the house. I couldn't help but steal hidden glances  at Roberts. He was
not only gorgeous but so honestly friendly toward me.

"Mikey huh?"

"Yes sir" I said as my face flushed red.

"Well, you can call me Shawn when we're alone  together......So how long
are you planning on visiting with the lieutenant?"

"Suppose to be two weeks but right now  I'm wishing it were longer."

Shawn looked over at me and smiled "So do I."

There was something in the way he said it that got me  to thinking.
Maybe he was experiencing some of the feelings I was  having. I could
only hope! He was really becoming a big turn on to me.

We got to the house and he parked the car and killed  the engine.

"Mind if I use the latrine real quick before  I head back?"

"Not at all."

We went inside and I showed him to the bathroom. He  walked in, didn't
shut the door, unzipped and started peeing while  talking to me. He was
turned at an angle so that I could see his cock while  we talked. It was
big
and beautiful like him and I couldn't take my eyes off  of it. He was
watching me as he shook off the remaining drops and  walked toward me
without tucking it back in. I was frozen as  I watched his cock move
closer and looked up at his eyes.

"I figured we were on the same wave length the way  you've been looking
at me."

I gulped as he stood in front of me, our eyes locked  on each others. Then
he moved in closer and his lips met mine and we  kissed. My hand reached
down and grabbed his hardening cock and Shawn  moaned. I broke our
kiss and dropped down to suck his cock. The damn thing  was now huge
and thick.......it had to be close to ten inches long!  I licked around the
huge flaring head, then sucked it into my mouth.

"Oh fuck Mikey....this is a dream come true" he said  as his hands moved
to both sides of my head and gently caressed my hair.  I tried to take more
of him in my mouth, but it was impossible given his  size and my small
mouth. I continued to lick and suck on the head for a  couple minutes
when he moaned and held my head still as he flooded my  mouth with his
load. I swallowed as fast as I could and Shawn  kept cumming as he
grunted and moaned. His cum tasted awesome as he  continued to feed
me an enormous load.

I finished licking his cock clean while he caught his  breath.

"Fuck! That was awesome! I only wish I had more time,  I would have
loved to have pumped my load inside that hot bubble  butt of yours."

I stood up and looked at Shawn "I would love that  too!"

He kissed me, then dropped to his knees. He pulled my  black pajama
bottoms and jock strap down and engulfed my throbbing  cock into
his hot mouth. It was only seconds before my body  tensed and I shot
my load down his throat. My legs went weak and my  knees started to
buckle but Shawn held me so I didn't fall. When he  finally stood up, he
looked at me with the biggest smile "Amazing!" Then he  took me in his
arms and kissed me passionately.

"I'm sorry Michael. I want to do more with you but  I've got to get back
to the training area before your brother wonders what  happened to me."

We kissed again as he tucked his cock away and zipped  up his fatigues.
Then he was out the door to the car and I was left awe  struck as I
watched him drive off. I think I was falling in love  with the hottest man
I
had ever met or seen.

I stripped down and walked in the bathroom and took a  hot shower. I
was exhausted and excited at the same time. I couldn't  get my mind
off of Shawn, what had happened and imagining what it  would be like
if we got together again. I knew one thing.....the man  had totally swept
me off my feet and there wasn't anything I wouldn't do  to please him.
I ended up jacking off another load in the shower  thinking about him.
When I was finished, I hit the bed and was out in  minutes.

I didn't wake up until I heard James entering the  house. I walked out
to find him unloading groceries and other supplies.

"Hey bro....I thought I better resupply the pantry so  I hit the PX while I
was on base." Then he reached in a bag, fished around  until he found
what he was looking for and tossed me a rubber play  knife. "Thought
you might have this as part of your gear" he said  laughing. I played
with it a little and laughed too. It was then that I  realized I was
standing
there stark naked in front of my brother.  Surprisingly, he hadn't said a
word about it, so I just let it go and didn't  worry.  We put all the
supplies
away and James popped a pizza in the oven.

"James, out of curiosity, how many camps are there  with troops?"

"Five."

"So I can hit one a night and not have to worry."

"Yeah."

"Hmmmm, only problem is, the way word spreads around,  the last camp
will be expecting to be hit."

James smiled, "True......I wondered how long it would  take you to figure
that out."

"Yeah, good reason to double back on one of the big  losers and see if
they are prepared or still slacking off."

James smiled and chuckled. I think he was enjoying how  I reasoned out
the various situations. We ate our pizza and I had him  show me on a map
where the 5 encampments were located. As I studied  their locations,
especially regarding the two I had already hit, I  skipped the next obvious
two and set my sights on the last one.

"That's the one I want tonight."

James looked at what I had picked "Good  tactics.......not going for the
obvious....You ARE a sly little devil just like  Roberts said."

"What?"

"Yeah, he really likes you and the way you think."

"He said that, huh?"

"Yeah, he said you are very cunning and a brilliant  adversary and wished
you were here longer to really test the boots and  impress them on what it
takes to stay alive. You have to remember...a lot of  these guys are city
boys
who probably have never hunted or camped a day in  their lives."

"Well, we're city boys!"

"Yeah, but Dad always pushed us to enjoy camping  and hunting and being
able to fend for ourselves and that makes a  difference."

"True."

"Add to that the way you have studied the Indians, you  have quite an edge
on these guys."

I thought about what James had said. James smiled at  me "And you love it
and you know it!"

We both laughed. I went in and put some shorts on and  relaxed in front of
the TV playing with my new rubber hunting knife.

After the late news, I went in and got ready for the  night. Around midnight
we set out yet again for the training area.

"Okay, you studied the map.....this time I'm going to  have to let you out
of the car early. You will have farther to go since  you will bypass one
camp to get to the farthest one."

"I know."

James pulled to a stop and let me out. I grabbed my  smoke grenades and
two boxes of grenade simulators. James had showed me  one of these
when I arrived. It was like a grenade in the bang  effect but was housed in
a thick paper wrap. They could be set as booby traps  or just pull the
detonator cord and toss them.

I took off walking down the road after James  left.  It was a good long
walk
as I bypassed one encampment headed for the farthest  one. When I
reached the end of the dirt road, I knew I had arrived  and headed to my
left through the trees. Then I remembered I had to  tear open the seal on
the boxes of grenade simulators. Each carton had 4  grenades and 4
spools of wire.  Now I ran into a problem with all these loose grenades
and spools of wire. I couldn't leave them in the  packing cartons cause
they rattled and made noise. I finally ended up  putting the small spools
of wire in the pouch of my jock strap and stuffing  grenades in pockets
and my waist band. This had been looking like a good  night to surprise
the troops but now I had to move carefully with all  the additional
baggage,
not to mention the red marker and rubber knife.

I slowly started moving toward the camp. It was so  quiet except for the
occasional cricket chirping. Before I realized it, I  was right up at a
foxhole.
I froze. Then I heard some light snoring. This was too  good. This foxhole
was covered with the entrance on the back side. I got  behind it and
secured a grenade to a nearby sapling and ran the wire  across the obvious
path to another sapling and moved on. There was no way  I was going
inside the confines of the hole to mark their throats.

I headed over hoping to find the neighboring foxhole  and found it was
open and not that well hidden. Both boots were asleep,  so I carefully
marked their throats and moved on to find another one.  After marking
their throats at the third foxhole, I turned my  attention toward the camp.
Like the others, it had trench works for the second  line of defense. I
eased down into the trench when I realized I  didn't see anyone close by.
I moved down to the left and set up a grenade and wire  booby trap, then
went back to the right and set up another one. Next, I  slowly moved into
the main camp. I was amazed! No one was out on guard  duty, everything
was absolutely quiet. I knew James was going to have a  fit when he
found out even his NCOs were sacked out.

It took me quite a while, but I had that entire area  booby trapped with
smoke and grenade simulators. Then I quietly entered  the command center
and marked all the NCOs throats. And to teach his NCOs  a lesson, I had
the entrance to the command center set with a  simulator. I knew that
would piss them off when they set that one off. I  saved one simulator
to start the show. They had about a 10 second delay so  I planned on
tossing that one as I ran out of the camp. All  the others were in major
pathways and the troops would set them off afterward  as they scrambled.

Now I waited. James and I had agreed he would come  back early and
give me either a crow or owl call to let me know he  was there. That would
be my cue to start the show. I meandered around while  I waited and found
some more soldiers sleeping and marked their throats,  then went back
near the trenches. I checked my watch. It was nearing  5 AM. I waited a
while longer and then heard the owl call.

I jumped over the trench and eyed my path for retreat.  I pulled the
detonator
cord on the simulator and tossed it toward the command  bunker and took
off running. Just as I was closing in on the line  of foxholes, the grenade
exploded. In the still of the night it was really  loud, but I kept running
until
I saw the quick flash of James' flashlight and headed  toward him. He was
intently watching the camp to judge what their  response was to the mock
attack. I just collapsed on the ground at his feet,  turned and watched the
show.

Shortly, all hell broke loose as scampering troops set  off the booby
traps.
There were explosions and smoke and a hell of a lot of  cursing. I was
laughing my ass off.

"No one saw you?"

"Are you kidding, they were ALL asleep!"

James just shook his head as the show continued. Then  the grenade
outside the foxhole just a 100 feet in front of us  went off. James started
laughing as he shook his head.

"Damn, I wish you were up here all the time. This is  just too good!"

I stayed behind as James headed into camp. Troops were  called into
formation and the butt chewing started as he walked  around with his
mirror so soldiers could see their red throats. It was  a good hour before
James came back and joined me and we started walking  down the road
to the car. Again he took me to the mess hall for  breakfast. I washed up,
got my food and we headed to the officer's table. From  across the room
I could see Shawn sitting there, sipping his coffee  while he watched me.

We got to the table and sat down. I was sitting  directly across from
Shawn.
He looked at me with a big grin, "Well...how was last  night's hunt?"

"I think I may have to watch my back starting today."

Shawn gave me a questioning look, then looked at  James.

"He wiped out Delta camp including all the  NCOs.....They were all asleep."

I was shocked at the applause around the table and the  congratulations
I received.

"Of course, I can't let you hit them again. If they  caught you, I honestly
think a couple of the NCOs might hurt you for  revenge."

I looked at James in disbelief, then at Shawn and he  was nodding his head
in agreement.

"You're kidding right?"

"No, this will be reflected in the reports and be on  their records."

Right about then we felt a slight thud.

"Well, the Air Force is using the bombing range."

Then we heard a low boom.

I looked at Shawn. "There's a bombing range about 5  miles west of here
for the Air Force. Evidently they're having practice  today."

Then we heard a jet scream overhead.

"Yeah, they like to fly above the tree tops till they  get close and then
make
their runs at the targets."

The guys started talking while we ate our breakfast. I  was headed back for
a second cup of coffee when a bunch of troops and NCOs  entered. The
next thing I knew Shawn was walking up to me real  fast.

"Don't say anything! Just get your coffee and get back  to the table with
me."

I wasn't sure what Shawn was up to until some NCOs  walked up and asked
if I was one of the infiltrators that hit their base  camp. I looked into
their
faces, turned and walked back to the table. By this  time, James was turned
around in his chair watching the scene unfold. Shawn  evidently said
something that defused the situation. He was soon back  at the table with
his coffee and gave me a smile and a wink.

"I have to tell you, you are really upsetting the  apple cart and pissing
some
people off!" Then he started chuckling. The rest of  the table soon joined
in.

I finished my coffee and asked James if Roberts could  drive me home. I
was beat and wanted to hit the sack. James said that  would be fine, he
needed to write reports and tossed the keys to  Shawn.  "Take your time....
I'll be tied up for a while."

I was kind of surprised by that and wasn't quite sure  what was going on.
Shawn and I left and headed toward the house. Once we  got there, I asked
him to come inside.

"Are you sure?" he asked playfully.

"Absolutely!"

No sooner were we inside and the door closed, Shawn  took me in his arms
and started kissing me passionately. Our hands were  all over each other
until mine ended up on his crotch and his on my ass.

"I want to fuck you so bad" he moaned.

"Me too....I want to feel you inside me."


***Hope you are enjoying the story. I welcome all  feedback.***

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Tue, 10 Dec 2013 15:33:52 -0500 (EST)
From: ScarletLegg@aol.com
Subject: In the Army Now

****You know all the legal requirements about being of age in your area to
read stories of a sexual nature. This is about male/male sex so if that
subject offends you, leave now. All my stories are copyrighted.****

Please donate to Nifty so they can continue to bring you good stories.


This story is mostly truth with some fiction thrown in to help embellish
the story. This story is dedicated to the memory of my brother and the good
times we had together.


Chapter 1:


It was the start of summer in 1967. I was 15 at the time when I went to
visit my brother James. He was an instructor in booby traps and advanced
infantry training. The army had a large wooded reserve off base where they
had built mock Vietnamese villages to train the troops before their
deployment to Vietnam. The troops had to stay out there for days at a time
in their own encampments of tents and fox holes.  James took me on a tour
of the area the weekend I arrived. He lived in a farm house some 5 miles
away which he liked better than base housing some 30 miles in the opposite
direction.

Anyway, we took a tour of one of the mockup villages, a small training area
where he taught the troops about the various booby traps they would
encounter and how to best detect them. I found it all very interesting. We
had grown up learning how to hunt at a very early age. Every summer we had
family camp outs and I had always been very interested in Native American
cultures, their hunting and surviving skills as well as warfare tactics.

We got to the farm house which was quite small but fitted James' needs.  As
I settled in, I spotted some sets of black pajamas.  James walked in and I
asked him about them.

"Oh, that's what your typical Viet Cong wear."

"So?"

"Well, when the troops are on bivouac, I dress up as an enemy and slip in
late at night. Any troops I get to and find asleep, I mark their throat
with a red marker. The next morning at early formation, I walk along with a
small mirror and show them which ones fell asleep on duty and how many of
them are dead.  It makes quite the impression on them."

This really peaked my interest and was right up my alley.

"So when is the next time you do this?"

"Oh, every week night. There's always several campsites of troops."

"I want to do it!"

"Michael, you're a teenager."

"Yeah but you always said growing up I was a good sneak."

"True, but you're going against grown men."

"So,...... what's the worse that can happen....I get captured?"

James was silent as he thought about my request. He knew I was good at
being stealthy and quiet.

He finally relented "Okay......I'd be interested to see just how well you
do."

I spent the next day just imagining what it would be like to be an
infiltrator.  By the time James made it home, I had supper ready and was
already dressed.  I had on a jockstrap with the black pajamas and an old
pair of black tennis shoes. All my exposed skin was covered in various
colors of camouflage grease paint.  James took one look at me and nodded
his head.

"You really did a great job bro!"

"Thanks....Just don't let me forget the red marker."

"Now remember, there's going to be a command bunker about the center of the
camp with a couple of my NCO's there."

"You didn't tell them about any of this I hope?"

"No...why?"

"I want two smoke grenades. If I can make it to the center and toss one
inside the bunker, it'll be as good as a complete infiltration with a kill
of the command center."

James looked at me and laughed. It was like a challenge, that he didn't
think I could do it. That only inspired me more to prove myself to my older
brother and gain his respect.

We sat and visited and watched a movie. We wouldn't head out until after
midnight. If any of the sentries were going to sleep, it would be then,
thinking no one would bother them at that hour. I hit the bathroom and made
sure I was cleaned out. Didn't need any nature calls while I was out in the
bush.

We finally left the house. Once at the training center, James made it down
a dirt road on the reserve, then stopped.

"Okay, I can't get any closer or they will hear the car. Go down this side
road about a half mile and you will come up on them to the right side. I'm
going to head back to another base camp. I will see you at sun up for
inspection.  Here's your marker and two smoke grenades. Good luck on your
hunt."

James took off down his road and I started jogging down the dirt ruts of
mine. There was just enough moonlight to make out my surroundings.  When I
got to a familiar area, I started walking and listening. James was correct
when I heard slight noises off to the right. I got off the road and slowly
made my way through the trees and grass. I heard a low conversation and
looked to my left. There was a perimeter foxhole and the soldiers were
awake and talking. I looked to my right for another fox- hole. I finally
made out the deformation in the ground. If it was occupied, they were
either being very quiet or very much asleep.

I moved off to the right and belly crawled up to that foxhole only to find
the two soldiers completely out. I made a little noise, but they didn't
respond so I pulled out my marker and carefully put a red line across each
man's throat.

I left them and slowly crept toward the camp where I found an interior
perimeter. I just sat and studied it and listened for any noises. After
some time, I picked a spot and slowly crawled toward it. It seemed to be an
opening I could get through. I made it up against the sandbags and
listened. Hearing nothing I edged my way over and into the trench. I could
lightly smell cigarette smoke coming from my left, so I worked a little to
the right and found some more sleepers. I marked their throats and moved on
toward my ultimate goal.

I finally found the command bunker. It was built down in the ground
surrounded by dirt and sandbag walls. There was a little light showing the
doorway where a sentry was standing, very much at ease. I just stayed still
and hoped he would wander off or step inside. It must have been a good 30
minutes before he moved off. I saw him go about 30 feet away and start
taking a leak. It was now or never.

I pulled out a grenade, pulled the ring and ran up to the entrance and
pitched it inside the doorway. I immediately turned and took off running
back the way I had come. Within seconds I heard yelling and cursing behind
me and knew the grenade had gone off and was filling the command center
with smoke. I jumped over the trench when I reached it and tried to stay
low as I kept moving through the brush trying to be as quiet as possible. I
hit a patch of heavy brush and dropped flat on my belly. I was so excited,
my heart was pounding in my chest and I needed to catch my breath.

As I calmed down, I looked around and took in my surroundings. There was
still noise coming from the center of the camp and I could see light
flashing about from flashlights. By my best guess, I was almost to the
outer perimeter and would have to be careful of the soldiers who were now
aware of the commotion in the camp. I just laid there for a good 30 minutes
watching and listening.

Then I saw a slight flicker of light to the right of my projected retreat.
One of the soldiers in a foxhole had lit a cigarette.  I had to shake my
head in disbelief and made up my mind to wait quietly, then finish off that
foxhole with my remaining grenade as I made a speedy retreat.

I waited some 30 minutes more. Everything had quieted back down.  I noticed
I wasn't hearing any whispering from the foxhole I intended to hit. They
evidently felt at ease that all the nights action was over. I slowly
crawled toward my objective, stopping every few feet and listening for any
sounds. When I was within about 15 feet, I felt pretty good that I was
going to catch them off guard, if not sleeping. I pulled the ring on the
grenade, eased up and took off running toward the side of the foxhole. Just
as I reached the edge, I could make out that both soldiers were asleep as I
lobed the grenade in with them. I didn't stop but kept running for several
hundred yards before finding some heavy undergrowth to use as cover.

As I regained my breath, I lowered my pajama bottoms and looked at my
watch. I had looped the leather band around my jock strap. High- lighting
it in the moonlight, I saw that it was a little after 3 AM. I rested for a
while and then circled around the camp to try and catch some more soldiers
sleeping. Over the next hour or so, I made my way through 3 foxholes
marking soldiers throats as they snored. Once I finished the last pair, I
retreated to the road to await the return of my brother for his morning
inspection. I found a nice tree next to the dirt road, sat and leaned
against it and dozed off to sleep. I was awakened at the crack of dawn when
I heard a car approaching. I stood up and walked out as my brother pulled
up.

I got in the car and poured a cup of coffee out of the thermos.

"Well........how did you do?"

I looked at him and smiled "I'll let you be the judge."

"Well, you evidently didn't get caught since you're here." He had a slight
smirk on his face as he chuckled a bit.

We drove on and got close to the encampment. James parked the car and we
walked up to the command center. He had put his helmet on with his rank
clearly visible and it was interesting to watch soldiers snap to attention
and salute as we walked into the camp.

I stood outside as he entered the command bunker, only to reappear a moment
later with NCOs following him. I noticed a small grin on James' face as he
gave the order to call all the troops in for morning formation. Within
minutes, all the soldiers in the company were present and in formation. I
noticed a couple of them staring at me as they had walked by or noticed
me. Then the command was given and everyone snapped to attention. It was
then that James pulled out a small mirror and started walking down the
line.

"Charlie (the name used for Viet Cong) visited you last night" James
shouted as he walked slowly down the front line, holding up the mirror to
the soldiers I had marked. "Quite a few of you died on your first night out
in the jungle!" Then he noticed the soldiers with red stain marks on their
fatigues from the smoke grenades. "Some of you got blown up, all because
someone wasn't staying awake and alert at their post!"

He moved through the whole squad until he had proved his point to each
man. When he was finished berating them, he gave the command 'at ease'.  As
the men relaxed, one of the NCOs spoke.

"Sir, might we know who this enemy is that took us by surprise?" as he
glared at me with a questioning look. I could tell several of them were
trying to figure out this kid that had wiped out half their camp.

James stood there with a grin on his face, quiet for a couple seconds.

"Gentlemen, I would like to introduce the VC infiltrator, my kid brother
Michael."

"Sir, who else helped him?"

Then I saw the biggest and proudest grin come over my brother's face.  "He
did it all by himself."

Several of the men looked at each other and muttered some words.

"Sir, he doesn't look old enough to be in the army."

"He's not.....he's fifteen and just visiting me. He did all this damage
without any special training, just relying on his own skills."

There were a few looks of disbelief. One NCO walked up to me, looked me in
the eye and shook my hand. "Damn fine job."

That made me smile and really feel good, not to mention the guy was fucking
gorgeous. "How about a cup of coffee?"

"That would be nice right about now.......and thank you sir."

His name on his fatigues was Roberts. He looked at my brother, who gave him
a nod, and I followed him into the command bunker that I had hit with the
smoke grenade. I looked around and could see red smudges throughout the
place. Roberts walked over to an old coffee pot on a hot plate and poured
me a cup. He turned and handed it to me with a strange smile on his face. I
noticed him eyeing me from top to bottom.

"So you're the lieutenant's kid brother? Quite impressive for a 15 year
old....you really did a number on us last night. I wasn't expecting it
since your brother had told me he was going to hit another encampment of
boots."

I smiled as I took a sip. "Well sir, that just goes to show you....expect
the unexpected!"

We both cracked up laughing.

"So how did the lieutenant convince you to do this?"

"He didn't......It was all my idea when I saw the black pajamas and heard
about what he did at night to help train the troops about staying alert."

I finished drinking the coffee which had to be the strongest, worst tasting
I had ever had. No sooner had I finished, I asked Roberts for the latrine.

"If you need to just piss, take any tree out there."

So I did. I walked out and James was still talking so I walked away to a
tree and relieved myself. When I got back, James motioned me over.

"Let's go bro. You can drop me over at the command center and drive back to
the house."

I was a little surprised. I knew how to drive but I wouldn't have my
drivers license for a couple more months.

"Don't worry...we're in the country and it's only 5 miles."

We got to the command center. It had some wooden buildings with offices, a
mess hall and a large parking lot where the troops assembled when brought
from the main base. The troops would then be sent out to the various sites
in the woods to continue their mock training.

I left James and headed back to the house. I needed a good shower and to
hit the sack. I was looking forward to another night with the troops.

James got home that evening and I had fixed dinner for us from what I could
find in the house. He was both surprised and pleased.

During our meal, "You really ate that up last night didn't you?"

I smiled "Hell yeah.....and I'm ready to hit another camp tonight."

James laughed. "Well, you did an excellent job. I just don't want you to
get bored since you're here on vacation."

"Are you kidding....this is better than anything else I could be doing."

"Well you certainly made an impression on my NCO's, especially Roberts."

"Really?.....Yeah, he seems like a nice guy. I really liked visiting with
him."

James went in and took a nap while I watched some TV. I was ready when I
woke him at midnight and we headed back to the training area. I told him to
drop me at another camp and that he should go home and get a good nights
sleep. He finally relented and agreed and said he would see me at dawn. He
drove me to another area in the woods and stopped and told me where to find
the next encampment.  I got out of the car and started walking as he turned
around and headed home.

I walked over half a mile before I came to an opening in the trees James
had told me to look for. I turned and slowly made my way, stopping ever so
often to listen. I was moving along a tree-line when I spotted the first
foxhole. I quietly surveyed what I could of the area and spotted another
one. I stayed there for half an hour, just watching and listening before
slowly crawling toward one.

I found the two soldiers there snoring. I carefully marked their throats
and moved toward the next foxhole. I had decided to take a different tact
tonight and wipe out as much of the perimeter as possible before hitting
the central command bunker just before dawn.

I slowly moved from one foxhole to another marking the throats of sleeping
soldiers. It was the 5th foxhole that changed everything.

As I crept up, I could hear the two soldiers whispering.

"Damn, what I wouldn't give right now to have a tight hole to fuck tonight!
I need to cum a couple times something fierce."

"Yeah, I know exactly what you mean!"

I got closer and could make out that both soldiers were jacking their
cocks. I eased out a smoke grenade and got closer. When they seemed to
least expect it, I jumped in with them.

"Be quiet!...You're either both dead or you let me help you with your
need."

They were startled as they jumped but listened to what I said when they saw
the grenade. It was quiet for the longest time as my words sunk in.
Finally, one asked what I meant.

"Were you not just a few moments ago wanting a hole to fuck?"

"Yeah, but....."

"Does it matter here in the dark?"

They both sat there thinking, then "Fuck no....get down here and suck my
cock while Jamison fucks you."

There was some movement as they both pushed their fatigues down.  Both guys
were very well endowed. I had a hard time going down on the one while
Jamison moved behind me.

He pulled my black pajama bottoms down, then let his hand move over my butt
cheeks.

"God, what a sweet bubble butt!" He started spitting and smearing saliva
over my hole and his cock. Then he pushed against me. I grunted as I felt
his cockhead spread my hole open for his penetration. He gripped my waist
and slowly pushed harder as his thick cock slowly opened me up. I was close
to screaming except for the cock in my mouth. It felt like a fence post was
moving up inside me. Tears welled up in my eyes as my mouth was forced to
take more cock.

"Oh fuck! This ass is way sweeter than any pussy I've ever fucked" Jamison
whispered. "You're going to fucking love it Wilson!"

"Great! Now shut the fuck up and fuck him. I need to slam my cock in that
hole and breed it something fierce. I mean, a mouth is nice but I prefer to
plow a tight hole."

"Well, you're going to love it" Jamison said as he slowly started fucking
my hole, his cock sinking deeper inside me on the down stroke.  Before long
he has his rhythm going and was completely inside me. He grunted and moaned
for a couple minutes before he sped up. I felt his cock swell inside me.

"Shoot your load in my ass!"

"Really?"

He slammed into me a couple times and then held his cock deep inside me as
I felt his cum shots coating my insides as he grunted his release.  He fell
across my back and whispered a thank you in my ear. I clinched my ass
muscles to let him know he was welcome.

Once he regained his breath, he eased his cock out of me and switched with
Wilson. Wilson pushed his big cock inside me and started fucking me with a
vengeance.

"Oh man....you weren't kidding! Fucking awesome ass!"

While Wilson fucked the hell out of me, Jamison was in front of me. He
lifted my head and started kissing me passionately. My ass muscles went
crazy, clinching Wilson's cock.

"Oh fuck yeah! Keep doing what you're doing."

I was lost in Jamison's hot kissing while Wilson pounded my ass with his
cock, my ass muscles clinching and pulling him in.  He lasted a couple more
minutes.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum buckets in your hot hole!"

I tightened my ass muscles and he slammed me hard and deep, swelled and
released huge volleys of hot cum inside me. I could feel him filling my
insides with his sperm. And he just kept cumming! It was unreal the amount
he shot into me. When he was done, he collapsed backward, pulling his hard
cock out of me. I almost screamed from the sudden pain of his swollen
cock's departure but Jamison had my mouth occupied.

I fell forward into Jamison's arms. He held me and kissed me some more,
then whispered he wanted to fuck me some more when I was ready. It was a
few minutes later we heard Wilson lightly snoring.  We looked over at him,
his fatigues pushed down to his knees, his cock laying across his hip as he
lay there relaxed and fast asleep.

Jamison turned me around and pulled me against his body, his arms wrapped
around my chest, his hard cock pressed against my ass as he gently kissed
my neck and ear.

"I have to tell you something" he whispered."I never considered fucking a
guy but you are awesome! That is one talented ass you've got there and I
hope you let me fuck you some more tonight."

I loved what I was experiencing and how I felt "You can fuck me as many
times as you want, as long as you leave your cum inside me."

"Fucking HOT!....So can I ask your name?"

"It's Michael."

He let out a big sigh as he went back to cuddling and kissing me, his hard
cock slowly easing back inside my hole.

Jamison fucked me long and sensually two more times that night. Once he
finished, he dozed off to sleep while we gently kissed. Once I knew he was
out, I checked my watch. It was 4:35 AM. I slowly eased out of his embrace,
pulled my pajama bottoms up over my cum filled ass and slowly moved toward
the central bunker of the camp.  Everything was absolutely quiet.

As I slowly made my way down an unoccupied trench, I came across a wooden
box filled with 8 smoke grenades and small spools of trip wire.  NOW, I was
going to have fun. I spent the next 30 minutes setting up booby traps in
all the major walkways, including the entrance to the command bunker. Then
I made my exit from the camp and down the road to where my brother had
dropped me off. Some 15 minutes later I saw him coming up the road.

He pulled up and I opened the car door. He had a thermos of coffee and
poured me a cup.

"Well, how did it go?"

I laughed "Do you have any way of waking the troops before dawn and calling
them in to assembly?"

"Sure....just get up there and blow my whistle."

"Super! Let's go......you're going to love this!"

He drove up the road a little ways, parked and then we walked the remaining
distance to the camp. I kept him from entering the perimeter.  It was still
dark and predawn when he started blowing his whistle. It took a moment of
two before soldiers were moving when all hell started breaking lose as trip
wires were hit and smoke grenades started going off. James kept blowing his
whistle till he couldn't stand it and we were both rolling on the ground
laughing our asses off.

"Where the hell did you come up with that?" he laughed.

"Hey, they were all asleep and I found a box filled with grenades and trip
wire."

There was a big commotion still going on as we got up and started walking
into camp. Soldiers were running around while others were coming in from
their foxholes. Clouds of colored smoke covered the area.  By the time
things started to settle down and the smoke started to clear, the first
light of dawn was breaking the horizon.  James had his NCO's get the men
into formation. Once assembled but still bewildered, James addressed the
men.

"Charlie visited you during the night!...And by the looks of it, he pretty
well wiped you out. From what I am seeing, most of your asses are dead!"

He walked along and then pulled out his pocket mirror.  "Those of you out
in your perimeter foxholes fell asleep and Charlie cut your throats!"  he
said as he walked along showing the men the red marker across their
throats. When he got to Jamison and Wilson, he looked at them, then at me.

"They were awake and on duty" I said.

"Well, you two are probably the only ones to survive the night!"

Both Jamison and Wilson were now looking at me in the morning light with
questioning looks. When James introduced me as his kid civilian brother
that had done all the damage, Jamison and Wilson both rolled their eyes and
seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. All I could do was smile.  Then I
walked over and sat under a tree while James finished with his NCO's.

It must have been about 30 minutes later that he walked over to me.

"Are you hungry?....How bout I treat you to breakfast at the mess hall?"


Stay tuned for chapter 2. I hope you enjoyed it and welcome any comments.