Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 5 May 2012 13:28:43 -0400
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Aden and the Arabs Pt.4

			    ADEN AND THE ARABS
		     Part 4 - A Retrograde Step, But!

No point in trying to second guess the minister so Peter bathed carefully,
even giving himself an enema, just in case. He dressed carefully and
presented himself to the minister on arrival. He knew that Yasim ranked
about the same as Abdul in the hierarchy and was about the same age so it
made him just two or three years older than Peter.

"Good evening Sir."

Peter greeted his host when he was shown into a very Arabic furnished room,
he genuinely liked the very casual appearance of the place with lots of
rugs and large cushions, there were a couple of large couches as well and
large heavy coffee tables, very common in this part of the world.

"Good evening May."

The lack of title didn't get missed.

"My other guests are Mr. Mohammed Azeri from Somalia, Mr. Ibrahim Suleiman
from the Sudan and Sheikh Ahmed bin Fayed from the U.A.E."

Peter bowed to them slightly and said.

"I'm very pleased to meet you gentlemen."

Yasim laughed, "I hope you will think so at the end of the
evening. Gentlemen, May will be our entertainment this evening."

The four Arabs sat down on the cushions around the room and Yasim pointed
to a place in the centre of the floor cleared of all obstructions.

"Stand there May and listen carefully. Provided you have not displeased me
in any way by the time you leave here tonight you will be able to pick up
your flying permit at my ministry in the morning."

Peter nodded, he now had a very good idea what was going to happen.

"Remove all of your clothes and any adornments like watches and rings."

At 28 years old and with his past experiences Peter was not about to be all
coy and silly about this, he would take the abuse and slough it off as he
had done when he was a young inexperienced pilot six years ago in this
country. He stripped efficiently, piled his clothes neatly out of the way
of any action he thought might take place and returned to stand at
attention in front of the minister. All four men were scoping out his body
making him blush. He still played a lot of racket sports, tennis now though
mainly. He worked out in the BP gym and swam a lot. The result was that he
still had a gorgeous, lightly muscled body.

"Very nice May, now play with yourself and let us see an English erection."

That was more difficult, these men were all quite young and looked to be in
good shape but they didn't do anything for him, he had to concentrate quite
hard and think of Karim touching him, he was still an incredible
lover. Positive result and he stood to attention again with his penis stood
only 45 degrees out from his belly, Karim would have him so excited it
would be slapping his belly but these men didn't know that.

The others all moved close to him then caressing his body, fondling his
genitals and slicking up fingers to fuck him with. Peter kept his head up
but could not hide his shame at this early abuse. The tears drifted slowly
down his cheeks but he made no move and said nothing.

Mohammed Azeri peeled off his djelaba and stretched out on some cushions.

"Pleasure me boy," was all he said.

Peter dropped to his knees and started to play with a soft, but already
substantial penis. When it was erect Peter gulped, it was without doubt the
most amazing piece of man meat he had ever seen. Karim had about 10 or 11
inches that was quite thick, but this man had a piece of meat that made
Karim look small. It was however a superb piece of equipment. Peter
pleasured it and the surrounding area to the best of his ability,
effectively making love to this extremely attractive man. He was typical of
his race. Very tall and slim, almost to the point of skinny. He was
surprisingly light skinned coming in at medium coffee colour. He was very
handsome with a regal bearing and Peter was not at all upset pleasuring him
until he came, violently, almost making it impossible for Peter to swallow
all the sperm. He swallowed most of it and carried on sucking gently on the
head until it was soft again before licking up the overflow.

Mohammed sat up after he had calmed down, pulled Peter to him and kissed
him gently on the lips.

"That was unbelievable May, I would love to make love to you now but I am
sure I would damage you if I tried. What is your first name?"

"My name is Peter, Sir."

"Well Peter, I am Mohammed and I hope I will see more of you after tonight,
you are an amazing man."

Yasim was both pleased and annoyed, but his country wanted closer ties with
these other Islamic States and if Peter May was helping that he couldn't
complain.

The Sheikh went next and was not as gentle or complimentary, he fucked
Peter hard with a piece of man meat about the same as Peter's but he was
brutal making Peter cry with the pain. When the deed was done and the
Sheikh had told Peter he was not a very good fuck, Peter bowed low,
touching the floor with his head and apologised for not pleasing his
master. The Sheikh was surprised and pleased at this obeisance.

Ibrahim waved Yasim in next. "I'll take sloppy fourth Yasim because after
me none of you will feel the sides."

That comment made Peter quite worried. Yasim was a little rough, almost
fisting him before finally fucking him slowly and erotically. Peter came
twice during that even though the humiliation of being on his back on a
coffee table was mind bending.

Ibrahim pulled his djelaba off making everyone else gasp with shock. He
wasn't particularly long but it was so fat it would make a coke can look
thin. It was easily the most obscene penis Peter had ever seen. He started
to shake as his mind came to grips with the Sudanese comment earlier.

`He can't possibly be intending to try to put that in my arse,' Peter
thought looking at it.

"Pleasure it May, and why don't you fist him Yasim to get him ready for my
Baby."

The next half an hour was unreal. Mohammed and the Sheikh held his legs
back and wide with him on his back on one of the coffee tables while Yasim
fisted him making him scream as the last knuckles went over his sphincter
before slowly feeding him arm.

Peter used his tongue lips and fingers to pleasure the battering ram until
Ibrahim was excited enough to change ends. Peter closed his eyes and tried
to relax but nothing could be done to make accommodation of Ibrahim's penis
easy. He went over the sphincter and Peter felt the tearing at the same
moment the pain hit him.

Once before in his life he had overloaded into unconsciousness because of
abuse, this time the surroundings were certainly very clinical but the
accents of the nurses had him goggle eyed. He had to be in South Africa and
he was.

A doctor came in when he woke up and told him the tale.

"You were flown here in a private jet. We have sewn you up and in a couple
of months you should be as good as new. Our resident brain surgeon worked
on your sphincter and has done a superb job."

Brain surgeon, what on earth for? Answer, the delicacy of the surgery to
repair Peter's anus. Peter was too dazed to take it all in, he was in
convalescence for several weeks before flying back to Sanaa. He was met off
the aircraft by Abdul and escorted immediately to Karim's house. He
couldn't believe how he was treated once there, more like a visiting head
of state than a lowly oil company manager.

Yasim came to see him carrying his new Flying Permit and the most
incredible apologies.

"Please Sir, that is not necessary, but thank you, and thank you for my
licence to fly."

Too much for this Brit hater, he turned to Karim.

"Now I understand why he has cast a spell over you. He is a truly wonderful
person. He will be welcome in my home anytime Karim. Please accept my
apologies for damaging him."

Peter sighed, what a long way he had come from the know nothing boy pilot
to his present position.  Karim and Abdul cosseted their lover for many
years, never growing tired of pleasuring this boy who had grown into a
caring and gentle man.

BP never even considered the idea of moving Peter and soon after oil
production commenced he became General Manager, which post he retained to
retirement which he took in the Yemen, remaining with Karim.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
I have a photo of a Naval Aviator who might easily fit the bill as Peter
May, happy to send it on request..

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 2 May 2012 07:47:21 -0400
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Aden and the Arabs Pt.3

			    ADEN AND THE ARABS
		    Part 3 - Diplomat with a Difference

Four years later

Peter May walked out of the Foreign and Commonwealth offices elated at the
news he had just been given. He had been appointed third consul in the
British Embassy in Sanaa, capitol of the newly created Republic of the
Yemen.

Despite his short time in Aden as a Navy Pilot he had developed a great
affection for the people and that particular part of the world. He had
resigned his commission and applied to the foreign office for a job. He was
over the moon at his first posting, one that no one else wanted. The
Ambassador was old, had been sidelined for a decent posting years ago and
was just working out his time. Nobody was really very worried about the
Yemen. The embassy processed visas for people wanting to find a future in
England but it was mainly sleepy hollow as far as diplomatic action was
concerned.

Peter was new and keen as mustard to promote good relations. He made a
point of visiting as many offices as possible that were involved with
foreign affairs hoping to build a bridgehead for more meaningful dialogue
between the two countries.

He couldn't believe it when visiting a trade office he was sure the chap
just disappearing into the director's office was Abdul Bakari. He thought
he would be cheeky and risk it. He walked up to the receptionist and said.

"Good afternoon, I'm sorry to appear here without an appointment, but would
you ask Mr. Abdul Bakari if he could find a few minutes to see Mr. Peter
May from the British Embassy."

The receptionist was less than polite in replying.

"Colonel Bakari sees no one without an appointment."

Bingo, Peter was right.

"I think you will find that the Colonel will see me immediately and I
suggest you tell him I am here unless you want a lot more grief than I can
even imagine.

She called Abdul, explained who wanted to see him.  He could not have had
time to reply because of how fast he made it to his door. He almost ran
across the outer office area.

"Peter, how wonderful to see you , come in, what are you doing here?"

Peter was laughing, "Hello Abdul, you are looking well, I'm here with the
British Embassy."

"Wonderful, that means I'm going to have at least two years to spoil you."

The receptionist was goggle eyed, as was everyone else in the outer office.

Within 24 hours the whole of Sanaa's diplomatic and government circle knew
that the trade minister had a very special friend at the British Embassy,
and watch out for Peter May.

The next shock for Peter was a summons to the home affairs office.

"Mr. May, please come in and take a seat, would you like coffee? The
Minister apologises he was called away unexpectedly but he has called to
tell me he is on his way back."

This was a surprise, the normal would have been to be kept waiting without
an explanation and certainly not be offered a comfortable seat and coffee.

Fifteen minutes later all was revealed when the secretary said.

"The Minister will see you now Sir."

Peter walked in to be confronted by the Colonel.

"What an absolute pleasure Sir, I had no idea."

The Colonel was beaming, only of course he was no longer a colonel, he was
a general and the Minister of the Interior.

Their conversation was animated and very friendly.

"Peter, I am General Karim Mustafa, I would consider it an honour if you
would call me Karim. I know what you did for my nephew, your dedication got
him back on his feet. You are going to have to come to dinner soon, his
mother, my sister, will want to thank you as well."

Peter was open mouthed in surprise.

"Abdul Bakari is your nephew?"

"Yes and I know he has already seen you and welcomed you to our country."

The upshot was an invitation to dinner a few nights later with the request,
direct to the Ambassador that Peter be allowed the following day off to be
entertained by the minister and his family.

"How the hell have you achieved in a couple of weeks what no one else has
in two years May?"

The Ambassador was patently not a happy man, it looked as though Peter was
cutting the ground from under him in double quick time.

"I'm sorry Sir, I was a prisoner of war during the troubles and Karim
Mustafa was the colonel in charge of the unit that captured me and his
nephew Abdul Bakari was my interrogator, and later I helped him to walk
again after he was shot."

"And you escaped with your balls?"

"Oh yes Sir, I'm intact as a man, lucky I guess."

The Ambassador was not happy but let Peter have his day off as requested.

The compound Peter was driven to was quite luxurious by local standards. He
supposed that was to be expected, the General was after all the second most
powerful man in the country. His reception as he alighted from the
government car was overwhelming. It started with Abdul's mother almost
drowning him in kisses, followed by Abdul himself who kissed Peter on the
lips and whispered.

"My debt to you will never be paid. I will be your slave for life."

Peter was shocked, "That isn't necessary Abdul, I am just delighted that I
was able to help you to walk again."

Abdul shrugged.

Karim was next, another soft kiss on the lips and a whispered comment, "I
hope you are going to allow me to take you to paradise again tonight, maybe
many times and I promise we will not be taking your balls in the morning,
but I will empty them tonight."

Peter nearly fell over laughing, "Thank you Karim, I am sure I will enjoy
that."

What an incredible evening, Peter was the centre of attention all evening
and was quite giddy with happiness by the time Karim guided him to his
bedroom.

How different that night was to the last one Peter had spent in Karim's
bed. Four more years of closeted gay experience had expanded Peter's
knowledge so that he was able to please Karim as well, the result was two
incredibly happy men at breakfast.

Abdul made it clear he knew what his uncle had been up to with his comment.

"I hope Peter you will allow me to return the pleasure you gave me four
years ago when we first met."

Uncle and nephew, both government ministers, both gay, Peter realised his
life here could turn out to be very good. He didn't realise the half of it
until a British Petroleum exploration team surveyed an area that they were
sure was rich in oil. The second that happened the Americans, the French
and the Italians were queuing up at the interior ministry for drilling
licences.

Peter was sleeping with Karim and Abdul quite regularly, one on one of
course and each of them was well aware of the goings on. Talk to the
ambassador, get permission to liaise directly with BP and see if he could
lever a British monopoly to the drilling programme.

Nobody in diplomatic circles thought BP had a hope in hell, the U.K. was
not the most popular nation in the world here after the troubles in '67.

Peter talked to BP first. Their director on location was singularly
despondent at his company's chances of getting a foothold here, never mind
a monopoly. Peter being so young didn't help his frame of mind.

"Go ahead Mr. May, you can't do any worse than anyone else, we British are
going to take a bloody nose over this one I think."

Bertie Forsyth was therefore totally amazed to be called to the Interior
Ministry a couple of days later to be confronted with a normally unfriendly
General Karim Mustafa and Colonel Abdul Bakari, also Peter May.

"Come in Mr. Forsyth, Peter tells me you would like to continue here
drilling for oil where your surveys look so positive."

Karim had his arm over Peter's shoulder in a very friendly way and Bertie
was shocked. How could this mere boy be on such good terms with this
normally British hating minister?

"I have asked the trade minister to join us as well to save a lot of wasted
time."

Again Bertie was amazed, the normal routine would be to give him the run
around several offices, wasting his time, keeping him waiting and still
possibly coming out of it with nothing.

"You know Peter May of course, he has suggested it would be easier to deal
with one nationality rather than have several oil companies squabbling and
delaying the production of oil. We agree and because we hold Peter in such
high regard we would like to deal with you if a deal can be thrashed out."

Bertie kept looking at Peter who was sat between the two ministers. He then
spoke.

"Mr. Forsyth, I have suggested to General Mustafa that if you were to
produce maps showing the areas you wish to drill in, he will grant you
immediate licences so that you can get on with the job. While that is going
on you would then have all the time you needed to sit down with Karim,
sorry General Mustafa and the trade minister Colonel Bakari, and their
joint staffs to hammer out the nitty gritty of an agreement. Both agree
that because you will have a monopoly here they expect a very generous
agreement on oil royalties, but apart from that I can see no problems. Both
ministers will be delighted if you wish me to attend meetings in any
capacity despite the fact that I am on the embassy staff."

The meeting went on for a little longer and then wrapped up. Peter shook
hands with the two ministers getting an, "I will have my car pick you up at
seven Peter," from Abdul.

Peter left then with Bertie Forsyth.

"My God boy, you have those two eating out of your hand, how on earth did
you manage that?"

"Oh, a long story Sir."

"Well I would like to hear it sometime, in the meantime why don't you call
me Bertie and come for cocktails tomorrow if you aren't busy."

"Sorry Bertie, Trade Minister for dinner tonight and Karim tomorrow. I
could make it the day after that."

Arrangements were completed and Bertie was going to pump this young man for
information if he could.  He couldn't. Peter was not about to divulge to
anyone that he had two lovers and that those two lovers were two senior
ministers in the government.

Peter's relationship with Bertie and the other executives of BP became very
friendly. They all realised that the key to their easy life was this young
diplomat who they had found out was an ex Naval Helicopter pilot with
wartime connections to the two men making their lives easy.

Large deposits of oil were found, very reasonable backhanders were accepted
to allow BP to continue with their monopoly and no one was in any doubt
that this amazing young man, Peter May was the prime mover. The worry
started then. What would happen when Peter's two year posting was up? Would
the Yemenis get all stroppy again making life difficult? How could that be
stopped?

Bertie thought he had the answer.

"Peter, do you have your civil flying licences?"

"Yes, of course," was the prayed for answer, "I sat all the exams before I
left the Navy but I wanted to come back to the Yemen so I joined the
diplomatic service knowing I could probably get this posting because nobody
else wanted it."

"When your posting here is finished would you consider leaving government
employment and coming to work for us?"

"If it is here in the Yemen, yes I would, but what would I do?"

"Well, we thought you might like to move into management as a liaison
officer and also head up an aviation department because we are going to
bring in some Bell 212s, initially crewed by pilots from Aerogulf services
in Dubai, their machines as well until we can get our own. We will send you
to Dubai to do your conversion so that you can fly sometimes as well if you
would like. Of course you will have no problem converting your licence when
we get locally registered helicopters."

He looked at Peter with a smile on his face, returned by Peter.

"Well, I don't know Bertie, the Aviation Minister is not in my circle of
friends here."

They were both soon giggling knowing how much influence Peter apparently
had with senior politicians in this country. The reality was different in
the event. Peter had two terrific years as third consul, doing more work
for BP than he did for the embassy and sleeping most nights with either
Karim or Abdul. It was perfect. Karim was always the dominant one when they
slept together and Abdul was nearly always the submissive. He felt he owed
Peter his life and was therefore prepared to sublimate his normally
dominant self to being Peter's bitch. They did reverse roles occasionally
and Peter always gave Abdul incredible blowjobs so there was never going to
be any animosity. Karim had promised him a long stay visa if he left
government service to work for BP so everything looked good until he went
to see the aviation minister, another ex rebel leader who still hated the
British.

Peter had completed his 212 conversion in Dubai, sat the extra exams to
convert his British Licence to a U.A.E. licence and returned to Sanaa as a
BP employee, all be it in a fairly senior management position.  Peter's
usual routine when he visited a government office was to be shown in to see
the person he wanted quite quickly. At the aviation ministry that wasn't
the case. He knew the minister having met him at functions he had attended
with either Karim or Abdul but he was not friends with him per se. Three
hours after arriving at the ministry he was shown in.

"Good morning Sir, very good of you to see me."

Peter intended to tread carefully, three hours was a measure of this man's
dislike for him. Like so many of the senior people in government he was a
young army officer.

"Yes, yes, what is it you want?"

"I have left the diplomatic corps Sir, as I am sure you know and have
joined BP as head of their aviation department for the Yemen. I have all
the necessary licences both U.A.E. and my own country and would be pleased
if you would sanction the issue of a local licence for me so that when we
bring in the 212s for your oil operations I will be able to fly them."

The minster sat back in his chair with a smug look on his face.

"I am sure you would Mr. May, I'm sure you would but it's not that simple."

Peter knew it was because he knew other pilots that had exchanged
U.A.E. licences no trouble at all, not even having to write a local air law
exam which was a normal minimum requirement.

"You will obviously need it to function in your new job, yes?"

"Yes Sir."

"Mmm, well I'm busy for the remainder of the day, I will send a car for you
at seven this evening, you can come to my house and we'll discuss it then."

Peter was dismissed then and walked back to his office wondering what that
was all about. `Phone Karim to see if he had any idea.

"I'm sorry Peter, Yasim still dislikes the British so my guess is he will
use this visit to his home to humiliate you. I can't interfere but be brave
and know that he will not harm you but you may have a red face before he is
finished. He knows that withholding your licence effectively nullifies your
long stay visa."

Peter was astounded, was this man going to do the kind of things to him
that had been done when he was a prisoner of war? No, a preposterous idea,
but how else could he humiliate him?
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Peter finds out how bad it can get, but also how good life becomes.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 29 Apr 2012 13:41:46 -0400
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Aden and the Arabs Pt.2

			    ADEN AND THE ARABS
			 Part 2 - Back to Reality

When I regained consciousness I looked around and thought I must be
dreaming. I was in a bed with pure white sheets covering me. A soft pillow
with white pillowcase was under my head, the place smelt of disinfectant
and I was not in pain. I looked around and realised I was on a drip and
that the colour of walls and ceilings was grey. I had to be on a naval ship
but that was impossible. Further scanning of the room made me realise I had
a companion. Looking at him made me almost wet the bed, it was the young
lieutenant whose brother I had killed on my strafing run and who had made
me give him a blowjob to finish our first session. He looked to be in a bad
way.

The door opened and my ships doctor walked in beaming all over his face.

"Hello Peter, good to see you awake, how do you feel?"

"Crikey Toby, I don't know, I have only just this minute woken up."

"Ok, let me have a look at you."

He pulled the sheet down below my feet and I looked at the same thing as
him, my naked body. He looked at me head to toe as did I. It all looked
perfectly normal. Genitals were a little red still from my first day's
beating but that was all.

"Can you turn over Peter?"

No problem I rolled over, no discomfort, no pain.  "Spread your legs for me
will you old boy?"

I did and felt a finger penetrate me. I cried in despair,

"Please don't fuck me anymore?"

A gentle caress of my shoulder and Toby's voice.

"It's alright Peter, I just wanted to check everything was getting
better. Roll back over for me."

I did, still crying like a baby.

"It was awful Toby, I'll never be clean again in my life."

"Yes you will Peter, I promise."

He sat me up and gave me a drink, sat down and told me the answers to a lot
of questions I hadn't even asked.

"The rebels taking you to the centre of their compound to defile you played
right into our hands. A commando chopper returning to Kormaksar for
maintenance saw them, radioed the position and before dark ground forces
mounted a raid. They tell me it was a bit of a massacre with only a hand
full of survivors. You were back in the tent where your clothes were when
the attack took place, still secured to the pallet. It was only because
your shirt and aircrew watch were next to you that we knew who you were."

I was amazed. All this action while I had overloaded into
unconsciousness. I suppose my brain had just shut down to stop me going
mad.

A sick berth attendant brought me in some food which I devoured, I was so
hungry. Toby came back with questions on his lips.

"Do you remember the colonel in the first camp you were at Peter?"

"Yes, he was very kind to me, the man in the next bed is his lieutenant, I
killed his brother but the colonel wouldn't let him harm me in
interrogation."

"Good, that answers another question. You slept with the colonel that first
night Peter, can you tell us what happened?"

I cried so hard I almost convulsed, "He took me to paradise five or six
times Toby, he was amazing."

Toby smiled, "Darling Peter, I could take you to paradise every day."

The kiss was the most incredible thing that I had ever experienced. I
opened my eyes when Toby pulled back from me and looked in wonder at this
man that had been my friend almost from the beginning of my time on board.

"The colonel made you realise you were gay didn't he Peter?"

I nodded.

"Well, so am I and I have loved you since the moment I first saw you."

Toby moved in and kissed me again.

"Don't worry, everything is going to be ok."

This was all too much and I slipped off to another world. Another eight
hours of sleep and I woke feeling much better. I remembered Toby and what
he had done and said. I wondered what it would be like to be made love to
by him and then I sniggered. `I bet he won't have a monster like the
colonel,' I thought.  I looked across at the Arab lieutenant who was now
conscious and looking at me.

"Hello lieutenant, how do you feel?"

"I hurt, am I going to be alright?"

I pressed the button to summon the nurse as I replied.

"I'm afraid I don't know. I'm pleased to see that our guys picked you
up. Did they pick up many wounded?"

The lieutenant shook his head, "I don't know, quite a few I think, they are
all in the hospital on land, I was brought here, I don't know why."

The nurse came in but wouldn't answer the lieutenant's question. Toby was
summoned and did.

"I'm sorry lieutenant. You are here because you have sustained a spinal
injury, we are hoping to restore mobility to your lower half but I have to
tell you that is looking less and less likely. You caught a bullet in your
spine and it has damaged your nerves."

When Toby left I looked at my former enemy and in a very soft voice said,
"I am most awfully sorry."

The lieutenant had tears in his eyes realising he was now going to spend
the remainder of his life in a wheelchair. I recognised the hopeless
expression.

"I don't know what is going to happen to you but I promise that whatever I
can do to help I will."

"Why would you do that Peter after what I put you through?"

"Because I was a Prisoner of War and you had a duty to extract information
from me."

"But I put you through so much abuse and degradation."

"Doing what you were ordered to do."

"I'm not sure I could think like you do Peter but thank you."

We were released from our commitment a few days later and sailed for
Mombasa for R&R, (Rest and Recreation for the uninitiated).

The lieutenant, who I now knew was Abdul Bakari, remained with us. The
surgeon commander was a neurosurgeon and was interested in this case so
Abdul had remained on board.

The day before we sailed I had to go ashore to the hospital in Aden to
identify the colonel. I shook his hand and thanked him for a wonderful
night at his camp. He looked at me with a very bemused expression on his
face.

"You helped me identify my true self Sir, for that I am grateful. I am
sorry I have had to identify you. I presume you will not enjoy your
interrogation now, but at least you will keep your balls."

He laughed, "Under different circumstances Peter I think you and I may have
been able to make sweet music for a long time."

"I think we might have done as well Sir, goodbye."

Abdul remained on the carrier under the surgeon commander for nearly a
year. I worked with him whenever I could trying to get him to walk. By the
time peace was declared they were able to send him back to Aden on his own
two feet.

I had tears in my eyes when I bade farewell to my onetime enemy.

"I am sorry I took your brother from you Abdul but I am so pleased I have
helped give you back your mobility."

"Thank you Peter, the fortunes of war I guess. I owe you my life because I
would never have lived as a cripple. Farewell my friend, go with God, and
prosper."
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Aden becomes an interesting place for Peter in the next chapter.

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Wed, 25 Apr 2012 13:40:49 -0400
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Aden and the Arabs Pt.1

This story is what I would call FACTION, (combination of fact and fiction).
The totally fiction part is that involving sex. The totally fact part is
the flying and ship details.

			    ADEN AND THE ARABS
			 Part 1 - Prisoner of War

It was bloody stupid. The boss had emphasised at every briefing.

"Don't fly low on these strafing runs, their small arms fire can bring you
down."

The only time we were supposed to fly low was when we went into the DZs,
(Drop Zones), to drop or pick up troops. Strafing runs were carried out on
equipment, personnel were to be avoided, ground troops would sort them out
if we had buggered up their heavy stuff.

Too bloody smart for my own good this day. There was a concentration of
rebels that I spotted soon after dropping a bunch of infantry. I couldn't
resist so I told my door gunner I was going to make a low pass and he was
to spew enough lead around to take out a load of them. Well, he did, I was
shown how many later.

I was just about at the end of my run with my gunner screaming in glee at
such easy targets when I felt a thud at the back, towards the tail cone. A
few seconds later I knew what it was. My hydraulic lines to my tail rotor
had been cut. The Westland Wessex didn't fly very well with no tail rotor
control and despite calling on all my skill as a pilot I ploughed in to the
desert soon after. There was only my gunner and me and we walked away from
the crash unscathed if a little shaken. We both carried Pistols and
Sterling Sub Machine guns with two spare ammunition clips in our flying
overalls. Our emergency packs contained water, mainly, and a few K
rations. The only other thing we carried of any importance was our `Goolie
Chits'.

`Goolie Chits', yes I know, funny name but they were supposed to save our
balls. The rebels had a nasty habit of returning captured officers to the
political agent at Steamer Point. It was usually with their balls sewn into
their mouth. If you hadn't bled to death you were in such deep shock that
you would never be an effective fighting machine again. The Goolie Chit was
written in English and Arabic promising a large number of gold sovereigns
for the un-mutilated return of the holder. They usually returned other
ranks for the money but returned officers were a rarity, not still with
their balls attached anyway.

I had a very good reason therefore to get out of this one. It didn't work
out that way though. The rebels had seen me go down and were seriously
pissed off so they came hunting. We took a hand full of them out before we
ran out of ammunition and then we surrendered. Nothing dramatic, my gunner
was ok and I found out much later that the rebels had returned him
unharmed, well, a little bit bashed up but nothing too dramatic. As we
walked into their camp I was shown the result of our strafing run,
impressive, so I didn't realistically expect to be attached to my balls for
very long.

I don't think I'm a particularly brave soul, nor am I normally stupid so I
realised that begging and pleading would do me no good, I decided that I
would die with my pride intact if nothing else. My gunner was taken away
and interrogated before being returned to Steamer Point.

I was amazed at my treatment. I was taken to a bathroom facility, a tent
with no roof actually, housing an oil drum shower, told I could bathe and
then given a set of khaki's, neatly washed and pressed, to wear
afterwards. My flying overalls were pretty grungy and torn after my
escapade. I transferred my gold epaulets from the overalls to the tabs on
the shoulders of the khaki shirt, probably just an act of bravado, a Naval
Lieutenant was not going to be the most popular person in this camp, donned
my own briefs and desert boots, plus the shorts, not forgetting to slip my
goolie chit into a breast pocket of the shirt, and was led off to see the
leader.

I entered a very pleasant Bedouin type tent, heavily camouflaged I noticed,
and was told to sit. A few minutes later a quite imposing figure walked in
clad in immaculate army fatigues. I jumped to my feet which gave me a
better perspective of him. My guess was an even six feet tall, about two
inches taller than me. Definitely very athletic, his fitted fatigues showed
a well formed body, broad shoulders slim waist and hips. The top end was
fairly typical of the Arab races, black wavy hair, almost black eyes,
slightly hooked nose, thin lips, fairly angular face, but not pointed
chin. He was also clean shaven which surprised me.

"Please sit down Lieutenant, would you like some coffee?"

I don't know about sit down, I nearly fell down. His accent was straight
out of Sandhurst Army Academy, very plumy, totally without a local accent
of any kind.

I spluttered out a "Thank you Sir, yes that would be very nice."

I guessed his age to be about 28 against my 22. I also could see from his
own shoulder epaulets that he was a Colonel in whatever outfit he led.

While we waited for the coffee we talked about inconsequential things, you
know, the weather, the state of the western economy, Israel, which was a
bit embarrassing because the Israelis had just given the Arabs another
pasting and they had accused us of supporting them with fighters from the
carrier but as the Colonel said.

"Bloody stupid, you can't launch jets from a static vessel in Aden
harbour," which was true but I didn't expect him to say so. Plus our jets
were at Kormaksar, Aden's airport and every Arab in the world could watch
them if they wanted to.

The coffee came and we drank it before he got serious.

"Now, what am I going to do with you Lieutenant?"

I quickly pulled my goolie chit out and passed it to him. He took it, read
it and laughed

"We both know that is going to do your gunner much more good than it is
going to do you don't we?"

I dropped my eyes, I didn't want him to see the fear.

I replied, "Yes Sir, but I had to try."

"You have cost me a lot of men today and the survivors are rather angry."

"Yes Sir, I can understand that, but you are the enemy and my instructions
are to kill as many of you as possible."

He laughed, which surprised me.

"That's as may be but the fact remains I have some very angry men to
placate."

Still being very nice I wondered how he intended to proceed.

"While I decide, why don't you tell me who you are and all about your
aviation group."

Our aircraft types and numbers were no secret, our weapons and tactical
procedures were what he really wanted I guessed so I could give him a lot
of information he probably already had.

"My name is Peter May and I'm a pilot on 844 helicopter squadron. We have a
squadron of Vixens and one of Buccaneers on board, well flown off to
Kormaksar actually, plus our Airborne Early Warning Aircraft and a single
Gannet courier aircraft."

"Thank you Peter, but everyone in Aden knows that information. What are the
tactical rules of engagement for your air group?"

"I'm sorry Sir I don't think I can tell you that."

"That's a pity because it will be very painful if I let my men squeeze it
out of you."

"I realise that Sir, but I can't help that."

"Very well Peter, come with me."

We went across to another tent, also heavily camouflaged but very different
inside. One part of it was quite obviously the treatment area for injured
personnel. There were still a few bullet wounds being sorted from my attack
and the looks I got were less than friendly. There was a young soldier on
an examination table with his legs supported in stirrups being treated for
a bullet wound to his inner thigh. I don't know how we had managed that.

The Colonel saw me looking and said, "If you ever get strapped to that
Peter it will probably be to lose your balls."

I gulped, no messing, this man was letting me know how it was.

The other part of the tent was obviously for interrogation, nothing
sophisticated here, basic restraint equipment and tools to administer
pain. We walked across to that and a comfortable chair was brought for the
Colonel. I was surprised, I thought he would have curled up on an
arrangement of cushions. (I know, stupid, preconceived ideas about Arabs,
but I was a new boy to the Middle East and its peoples).

"Stand there Peter and remove all of your clothes."

I stood where he pointed and looked around, everyone in the tent could see
me quite clearly, so I blushed. I knew there was no point in reminding him
about the Geneva Convention on prisoner treatment so I did as I was told.

I played hockey and racket sports and did a lot of dinghy sailing so I was
fit and I looked good. My abs were fantastic from all the sit ups I would
do every time I sailed a dinghy and my legs were good as well, the rest of
me was ok but nothing sensational. My dick was one of those surprise pieces
of equipment, soft I was only about two inches long, circumcised and very
wrinkly, well I had to be because erect it was about 7.5 inches. My balls
were quite big and hung nicely below my cock when I was soft.

I stood to attention in front of the Colonel when I was naked, bugger being
stupid. He smiled as he saw my little willy, but I knew he would be
surprised if it ever got hard, not that I expected it to in this
environment, or maybe he thought it would be difficult to get my balls in
my mouth. He stood up then and came up to me still smiling. His next action
both shocked me and excited me. He started stroking me around my groin
area. No speech just lots of touching and watching my eyes. I got very
erect very quickly, I was after all a more than reasonably sexed 22 year
old who had not indulged in sex with anything other than my left hand for
weeks.

The erect cock soon wiped the grin off the Colonel's face.

"Very impressive Peter."

What could I say but, "Thank you Sir."

"Turn round Peter, let my men see what Naval Lieutenants are issued with
nowadays."

Obviously his little joke.

I was left facing the men in the sick tent and very soon went soft again so
they lost interest in me. The Colonel meanwhile had been talking to one of
his men. My Arabic was nonexistent so I had no idea what he was saying.

I found out later, I was not to be marked or mutilated in any way, yet, but
almost anything else was ok.

"I am going to leave you in the capable hands of my lieutenant, Peter, you
killed his brother so don't expect any treatment to be gentle will you?"

Less and less I liked my situation.

The Colonel left then and I was ordered to stand under a contraption that
closely resembled a free standing pull up bar. It was actually anchored to
the floor of the tent and there were restraints fitted to it with ropes
that could adjust the tension. I had a restraint on each limb and they were
pulled tight so that I was spread wide at the arms and legs. The lieutenant
stood in front of me with what looked like one of those fly whisk type
things I had seen Arabs using. He asked me about our rules of engagement to
which I refused an answer so he swung this thing across my stomach making
sure that he caught my soft cock as well. This was definitely not a fly
whisk. I screamed and he repeated the question. Again I wouldn't answer
him. I think I took about twenty of those before I passed out. When I came
to he had the two helpers with him that he had before but now they were
naked and sporting hard cocks that made my 7.5 inches look quite
pedestrian.  "I am going to repeat my question Lieutenant, each time you
refuse to answer one of these men will fuck you until he orgasms."

Repeat of the same question with no response from me. I was an anal virgin
so the next action had me almost catatonic with the shock. One of the naked
Arabs walked round behind me and placed his cock head against my anal
entry.

"One more chance Lieutenant."

I shook my head and the next instant I screamed like you would never
believe as a penis that was about nine inches long and probably six, or
seven round was rammed all the way into my arse. These guys must have been
on a hair trigger because he only rammed it in and out about a dozen times
before he came in hard jets inside me, I'm sure I felt every one. When he
pulled out I was sobbing, mostly from the pain and shock I reckon, but also
from the shame of being used like a woman.

The boy that had fucked me, because that really was what he looked like, I
doubted he was twenty, came round to the front and stood on a box that had
appeared. His cock was now level with my mouth.

"Open your mouth Lieutenant and lick Abdul clean."

As he was talking he grabbed my balls and squeezed them hard enough for me
to gasp.

"If you touch him with your teeth I will pop your balls."

I licked, it was revolting but I did it.

After I had finished to Abdul's satisfaction I was asked the same question
again. Same result. I guess my arse was lubricated with Abdul's cum because
the pain was not as bad. I still screamed and it still hurt like hell but I
could handle it. I think I took four loads from each of them before the
lieutenant gave up that treatment. He dismissed the others who slipped on
their djelaba's and left. I realised we were the only ones left in the
tent.

The lieutenant then stripped in front of me, climbed up on the box and
pushed a four or five inch soft cock into my mouth.

"Suck it Lieutenant, pleasure it with your tongue as well as your lips. A
good blowjob will save you from a beating with the cane."

I could see the cane lying on a table at one side, along with some nasty
looking pieces of equipment, so, I did my best. I knew what I liked when I
could get a girl to blow me so I just put it into practice. I hated it, he
smelt, didn't we all very soon after we showered because of the heat. He
didn't last long either, he was very soon face fucking me quite violently
with a cock that had now grown to match his compatriots. When he came he
told me.

"Eat it all if you want to keep your balls for another day."

I wanted to, so I did. One more satisfied customer.

I was released from my restraints and told I could go and shower
again. Still naked I wandered out, got my bearings and headed for the
bathing tent. When I finished, still naked, I emerged and another soldier
pointed at the Colonel's tent. I went, wondering what now. I thought by the
position of the sun that it must be late afternoon.

I entered the Colonel's tent to find him stretched out on cushions now clad
in a djelaba like many of the men. He invited me to sit and join him. He
had plates of dates in front of him and he poured me a glass of what turned
out to be a very drinkable white wine, nicely chilled.

"We aren't barbarians Peter, and Arabs learnt to cool things down long
before you westerners made refrigerators."

No complaint from me. "Thank you Sir, this is very palatable."

Ridiculous, I was sitting naked in front of a rebel colonel, drinking wine
and eating dates, trying very hard to hide my discomfort from a very sore
arse, internally and very sore genitals, externally.

"I left orders that you were not to be damaged today Peter, I will not
leave the same orders tomorrow. If you do not give my lieutenant the
information he wants I am guessing that you will be quite badly mutilated
during his interrogation. Tonight however I would like you to sleep with
me."

I was so shocked I couldn't speak.

"You are quite a pretty boy Peter, you have a nice mouth and I know you are
opened up enough for me to get a very satisfactory fuck. As you know our
culture does not allow me to bed a woman that I am not married to, other
than a prostitute so you will pleasure me tonight."

I was reeling a little I think. A few hours ago I had never touched, or
been touched by another male, except for aircrew medicals, now I had been
raped eight times and had given one blowjob, I had seen three men's cocks
go over my lips and two over my anus. Not surprising I was reeling. Now
this very suave colonel was telling me I would be sucking him and taking
his penis up my arse.

I was left alone for several hours after that while the colonel briefed his
night patrols and saw them off the encampment. I just curled up and
slept. It had been a pretty traumatic day for me and I knew it was not
over. I was exhausted.

When I woke up it was dark, I was still naked and felt cold. I was always
amazed how 100 degree plus day time temperatures became quite cold after
the sun left the sand. A servant came in then with food, followed shortly
by the colonel. He was very pleasant again and we had a reasonable
meal. After it was cleared away and most of the oil lamps were turned down,
the last servant left the tent and secured the entrance.

"Let's see how much pleasure you can give me Peter. We need not be early
birds in the morning so I think we will take a long time tonight with me
taking much pleasure from your body."

He stood up then and took his djelaba off. He had an incredible body, he
was patently a very active and fit man. I looked at his appendage knowing
that I was going to be working on it soon and that it would end up in my
arse before the night was out. It was flaccid but very long and thick. I
was still very sore from my afternoon rapes and I guessed he would be much
bigger even than the others I had taken. I guess the little boy in me came
to the fore because I started to cry, quite softly, no histrionics, I just
felt that my position was hopeless. The colonel saw my tears and dropped
down beside me taking me in his arms. He stroked my body as he said.

"You don't need to cry Peter, I am not going to hurt you, I am going to
make love to you and you are going to pleasure me. I will show you how and
I promise you there will be no pain, or only a little when I first
penetrate you. I am sorry, but this is probably the last night of pleasure
you will ever have. I will make it as enjoyable as I can for both of us
because tomorrow I must allow my lieutenant free rein to obtain the
information he wants"

He spoke very softly as I calmed down. Knowing now that tomorrow I was
probably going to experience unbelievable pain and humiliation before
losing my balls and then probably my life I guess I just became totally
compliant.

The Colonel started on me then. He spread me out on the rugs and cushions
with my head propped up so that I could see. He positioned himself below my
groin area and started to play with me. Fingers and hands first, followed
after I was erect by lips and tongue, continuing by swallowing half of my
cock and swabbing it with his tongue. He was very gentle and I have to
admit it felt heavenly. I watched the way he held my cock vertical with two
fingers and then licked all round my very sensitive glans. After doing that
for a little while he moved down the underside of my shaft licking quite
hard until he reached my balls. He took these in his mouth one at a time to
swab them and then changed over letting his hand play with the one not in
his mouth. There was no doubt in my mind that this was the best foreplay I
had ever experienced, girls would never take this long pleasuring me. I was
nearly ready to cum when he stopped everything, moved up the bed to take me
in his arms and kiss me on the lips. At first I was very tense, a man
kissing me on the lips was so totally gay that I froze for a minute until I
realised how pleasant it was, then I responded and it felt even better, I
was amazed and when he broke the kiss I was gasping.

"You are a very cool kisser Peter for a little straight boy, you are a
straight boy aren't you?"

I nodded and whispered, "Yes Sir."

"Well, my little straight lover, I want you to do the same to me as I have
just done to you."

I looked down and could see what I had to tackle. It was a monstrously long
and thick appendage, absolutely rigid. I gulped and went down on him. I was
very hesitant to start with but got better very quickly with encouragement
from the colonel. I could get his glans in my mouth and about two more
inches but that was all, it was huge. I pleasured him for about fifteen
minutes I guess before he unloaded a huge quantity of sperm in my
mouth. The taste was not very nice, quite bitter and salty, but I swallowed
it all as ordered then I was once again subjected to some fairly intense
kissing. I was lost, it became so sensual. He turned me over then and
knowing what was coming I tensed up making my gluts as hard as rock.

"Relax Peter, I want to pleasure you before I penetrate and if you are
tense I will hurt you quite badly."

With that he started licking my cheeks, it was very pleasant and got better
when his tongue worked its way back and forth along the line at the bottom
of my butt and top of my legs. It was ages before he opened my legs and did
the same thing up and down my crack. Every time he went over my anal entry
I shuddered, it was amazing. When he spread my cheeks with his hands and
attacked my anal entry with his tongue I orgasmed quite violently. I heard
him snigger and then return to what he was doing, bringing me back to full
erection very quickly. He started to penetrate me then with his fingers but
they were coated in something so that they slid in quite easily and despite
my previous soreness, felt wonderful. The final act was gentle and I knew
it was coming because of the way he positioned himself over me. Once he had
his cockhead touching my anus I naturally tensed up. He whispered in my
ear.  "Relax Peter, I promise I won't hurt you very much if you are not
tense, and whatever pain there is to start with will disappear very
quickly."

He licked my ear and kissed my neck softly still whispering gentling words
to me as he increased the pressure until he slipped over my sphincter. The
pain was quite acute and I tensed up again. The colonel remained perfectly
still with just his glans inside me until I relaxed then he eased some more
into me. Eventually he lay over me, our bodies touching neck to toe and he
kissed my neck and ear for ages until I was totally relaxed. He started a
slow humping motion then, withdrawing a few inches before sliding back in
to the hilt. He only did that a few times before pulling out completely and
turning me over. I was monstrously hard again and he smiled, lifted my legs
up over his shoulders and re-entered me. The action after that had me
crying like a baby with the sensitivity of it all. He fucked me with long
slow strokes, stroking my perineum and balls whenever he could get at them
and playing with my cock. I had never felt anything like it in my life. I
started to cum again and the colonel sped up until we both had massive
orgasms. I couldn't believe how intense mine were I had never experienced
anything like it in my life.  I think I was fucked five more times before
dawn and I have no idea how many times I ejaculated but everyone at both
ends was completely magical. Had I discovered the day before I was due to
die that I was gay? Not enough experience to be sure but I wondered as I
slid off to sleep.

When I woke again the colonel was stood over me dressed in fatigues again
but looking way less than immaculate. He had with him a bundle of clothes.

"Put these on Peter over your briefs, shirt and shorts, be ready to move
out in five minutes."

The clothes were a djelaba and kefyar, the Arab headdress. The djelaba was
too short and later I blessed that because otherwise it would have caused
me problems walking. We were evacuating the camp in a hurry. I could only
assume that our troops were moving in. I was right, we had barely climbed
up the side of the wadi when tracked army troop carriers drove into sight
and disgorged troops who moved in on foot backed up by lightly armoured
vehicles. I guess they had found my downed helicopter and searched the area
until they found the camp. Other infantry came in over the top of the dunes
at the other end of the wadi and the camp was very quickly surrounded. We
took off then at a fast pace to put distance between us and the army.

No luck for the colonel and his band, which I noticed was severely depleted
from the time I attacked them yesterday.  Now we were harassed from the air
by helicopters from my squadron. They were working in pairs obviously
cognisant of what happened to me. After they emptied their weapons at us
they flew away to be replaced by the little army spotter helicopters. We
were attacked all day but no troops came at us on the ground. By sunset we
were a pretty sorry bunch. Only about 50% of our numbers were still with
us. We hadn't been able to carry wounded and the dead were left where they
fell. The colonel left a couple of flares with groups of wounded hoping
that the choppers would drop down and pick them up before returning to
base. That's what I would have done. When I got back to Aden I found out
that's what had happened. More about that though later.

When darkness fell we stopped for an hour for a rest, I had no idea where
we were and was amazed when the colonel came and sat by me.

"We have about another three hour trek before we can settle for the night."

He laughed and continued, "Your friends have saved your balls for another
day Peter, you may be lucky and keep them forever unless we can outsmart
them. We are going deeper into the Radfan and your troops don't like it
there, not as friendly terrain as that round Habilayn."

That was the area my squadron had operated to and it was way less than
friendly so the Radfan must have been monstrous. The Radfan was God's
revenge for a bad day I always thought afterwards. It was where hell began
our troops said.

When we set off again I was dog tired, I wasn't used to walking and I was
very soon struggling.

"If you don't keep up Peter I will have to shoot you, we can't carry you
and we can't leave you."

Amazing where I found the reserves of strength after that but I did and
just before midnight we reached another camp similar to the one we had
left. I followed the colonel into the leader's tent and sat next to him. I
don't remember anything else until I woke and the sun was shining in
through the entrance. I realised I had my watch on again. Weird, I had not
seen that since my capture. I looked at it and realised I must have slept
for twelve hours.

The colonel came into the tent with a man I assumed to be the other leader
and they started talking looking at me as they did so. I guessed I was the
subject and felt apprehensive.

"Peter, this man is not as soft as me, he wants to cut your balls off now
and send you back to Steamer Point. You have got a reprieve temporarily
because he has men in camp that want to play with you. Off you go with him
and may God go with you."

I was fully clothed and was led across the camp to another tent. There were
about a dozen rebels there all looking quite fearsome, the other leader
left me then. Two of the men came up to me and one indicated I should raise
my hands. I did and they pulled my djelaba off over my head. My shirt,
shorts, boots and watch followed, then they started stroking me and making
ribald comments, well I guess they were ribald because the others were all
laughing. My briefs came off next and I was stroked and played with. A
piece of rope was produced and my right wrist was tied to my left but with
enough slack so that I could keep my arms at my sides but not be able to
bring them forward. A half pallet was produced, you know, the sort of thing
that is used to move trays of goods around with a forklift truck, only half
a one. It was covered with a camel cloth and I was laid on it. My legs were
pulled back and rope was put round each leg just below the knee and used to
secure me, legs spread wide and my knees almost touching the pallet. My
position was perfect for any of the men to kneel on the pallet and fuck
me. After that they all seemed to lose interest in me for a while before in
dribs and drabs they came back made me suck them to orgasm or sat at the
other end and finger fucked me. The humiliation was enough to make me cry,
only I wouldn't, I wasn't going to let them see how devastated I was at
this treatment. Eventually of course one of them decided to fuck me. I had
to suck him first to get him very wet before he changed ends and just
powered in. A good healthy scream so everyone came to look. When the first
one finished it was like a fucking frenzy at both ends. I couldn't believe
the pain, everyone was a power fuck, the only thing they wanted was to
orgasm. When they had all filled me with cum they pulled the camel blanket
out from under me, surrounded the pallet and lifted it off the ground
taking it outside the tent. It was put down again, my head was secured so
that I could not twist it and a nasty contraption was forced into my mouth
that kept it open wide. I think every man in the camp surrounded me then
and they all pulled out their cocks and pissed over me, they filled my
mouth so that I had to keep swallowing or choke, they stuffed their penises
back in my arse and pissed, and the same with my mouth making me choke. It
just seemed to go on forever until I passed out.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Life gets very much better for Peter in the next Chapter