Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Fri, 15 Sep 2017 14:18:15 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen7-The Homecoming Book 2-(Part 7 of 7) - Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Able Semen 7, The Homecoming - Book 2
 By John -- bokjay123@hotmail.com

Chapter 1

When I got back to Billy's he had already left for work.  Still tired from
the short sleep, I decided to take a nap for a while.  When I woke it was
the middle of the morning but at least I felt fully recharged again.  The
house got a quick clean as I did some vacuuming and dusting.  Mom would be
impressed if word got back to her.  Then it was down the shop for some
things, Billy didn't have any snacks so I bought a little stock.  He might
not approve with the junk food, but anyway.  There was even time to have
some food prepared for when he walked in.

"Been busy have we, nice to come home and find it all ready.  I might give
you a permanent job here."

As I was cleaning up the cooker, Billy remarked on my mood.

"Must have been a good night last night, you didn't come home and you've
been grinning like a Cheshire cat since I walked in."

"More like the cat who got the cream."

"How come, spill the beans Mike, don't keep me in suspense."

At first, I wondered whether to tell him. Then I thought I had already told
him about Brian, so what the hell. Before I knew it, I poured out
everything about Chris.

"Aye, you never can tell." He summed up.

"I invited him around here this afternoon if that's all right with you."

"Course it is.  I take it you are going for a re-run of this morning then?"

I laughed at his surmise. "Yes, why not."

"Be careful Mike, you've known him a long while, don't spoil your
friendship for the sake of half an hours fun."

"Yes, I know that.  But I think he wants to try something. I won't push him
into something he will regret.  Not my style," I laughed.

"Just how far are you planning to take it?"

"All the way if I get the chance, and he is game."

"You won't make a mess on my carpet will you?" he joked.  "Does that mean
I'm old hat now, discarded in favour of something young and fresh."

"Billy, it was you I was thinking of when I found him playing with me.
Maybe Chris will be okay for me while you are getting your breath back, you
know, something to keep me occupied in between."

That got him laughing too.

"What about the underpants, what did you think of them?"

"Very nice, must remember to wear them and show the chaps at work."

"I thought they were very apt.  Any chance of milking the bull right now?"
I said hopefully.

"My god, you had something from Chris this morning, and looks like you'll
be getting some this afternoon, and now you are asking me!  Nice idea
though, but I do want to go to the match this afternoon, and if I oblige
you, it would be an afternoon nap instead I reckon."

I pursed my lips and gave him a sulky look.

"God, to be young and insatiable," he mocked in exasperation.

An hour later Chris was at the door, a bit earlier than I had expected,
which I hoped was a good sign.  Billy let him in.

"Eh up Chris, how you doing lad? Come on in."

I told him to come through to the lounge and we would watch the big game on
the TV.

"Well nice to see you Chris, but excuse me while I get changed.  Going to
the local match this afternoon."

A short while later, Billy poked his head round the door to say he was on
his way out.  We sat playing merry-go-round with the TV controller flicking
from channel to channel. For some time we chatted about the stuff we were
watching.  At one point I thought we would spend the rest of the day
talking about sports, so I took the plunge and brought up `the' subject.

"How you feeling about this morning. Changed your mind?

He looked away. From being chatty, he dried up.

"No, I've not changed my mind," he said, turning to gaze through the lounge
window.

"Good, because this morning was incredible.  Like being hit by lightning or
something."

He turned back and looked at me.

"Funny, I was thinking along the same lines."

"Then why have you got all quiet again?"

I knew of course, but I didn't know any other way to get him talking.

"Because! Because I don't know what to think or what to do.  I really
enjoyed it, but I feel like I don't know anything anymore. It wasn't what I
imagined my first sex would be, but I still liked it.  I just don't
know. You, you seem to be so positive about everything.  How come? How come
you left here just like me and yet came back so different.  What happened
and who showed you what to do?

I guess there was no point in lying about it.  If I wanted more from Chris,
then I had to give something too.  I could see he was at a loss, even this
morning.  Kind of like a frightened deer.

"I had a good mate on the ship.  One time I got myself into a big problem
and he helped me.  We got really close and then at some point we were
kidding around, he showed me how good it can be, like us this morning.
Once I got over the shock, like you are in now, I grew to enjoy everything
with him."

Bit by bit, he would ask a question and I found myself having to explain
more than I had wanted.  In some ways, like with Billy, it was good to tell
someone.  In fact, it was easier telling Chris than Billy.

I got to where I had told him as much as I could. There were lots of things
I didn't want to explain.

"Wow, you really got a lot of experience already.  Me, I'm still hanging
around the fish shop on a Friday night, trying to catch some bird.  As if!"

I laughed at the picture.  He looked hurt at first, but then started
laughing out loud.

"What a dickhead I am." He giggled.

I grabbed him. "You were never a dickhead Chris. You are great, never
forget that. You have a great body too, some pay a lot going to the gym, to
get half of how you look."

He pushed me off laughing.

"And you are so creamy," I put in.  I smacked my lips and wiped my tongue
around them.

"Fuck off!" He said amused and dived on me to wrestle.

We rolled backwards and forward across the carpet scrapping.  Then out of
breath and wanting to break it, I managed to push my hand a little way down
the front of his jeans.  He grinned at the new game.  Reaching down, he
helped by undoing the top button and the zip flew down.  Then, pulling down
his briefs, I took hold of his cock and massaged it in my hand.

He giggled and went for my crotch. I lifted my hips to take the pressure
off the waist and let him undo the clasp.  A moment later we were both
squeezing each other.

"This is daft, let's get out of this stuff," I said, pushing down my jeans
and kicking them off my legs.  As Chris followed, I pulled off my
tee-shirt.

"Here, I want to take those off," said Chris when I was about to drop my
briefs.

I laid back down and raised my hips, and he slowly lowered them down my
legs. Once off, he threw them into the corner of the room.

"Keep those far away," he joked.

I did the same to him, till we lay there just looking at each other's
bodies.

"You are going to have to teach me, Mike. Show me what to do." He said
seriously

"It's going to be a pleasure.  Just lay back and let me send you out of
your mind."

I dragged some cushions off the settee, letting him use them as a pillow.
Then I ran my hands over him, touching all the curves of his body and
feeling all his softness.  His cock was limp and he was so obviously
nervous of what was going to happen.  I took another cushion and put it
over his face.

"Don't look, just feel."

At first, I was happy just to touch him, gently massage his upper legs and
stomach and rub his chest. I couldn't get over the feel of his skin and the
shape of his body.  Amazing how someone can look so different naked than
dressed.

Gradually my interest centred on his cock. He had filled a little by the
time I took it in my hand.  He was not cut, but his foreskin didn't fully
cover the end of his dick, more like half and half.  The hair above it
looked like it had been placed there as an afterthought, really only a
small tuft. It made him look even more naked than he was.

I feathered the end with my tongue.  He smelled so fresh and I guessed must
have come straight from a bath or shower. I liked that. He flinched when I
took it in my mouth and I watched his stomach draw in.

"Am I hurting or tickling?"

"No neither, just like an electric shock, that's all."

I played my tongue up and down, digging into the underside of the head.  I
could hear Chris sigh.

Then I played my mouth over his tight ball sack.  Just nipping the folds of
skin very gently with my teeth.  He pulled off the cushion and raised his
head to look.

"What's the matter, not good?"

"It's really good, I am getting all these terrific feelings, but I haven't
a clue what you are actually doing."

"Chris, time for the science lesson later, just lay back down and enjoy,
okay?"

He giggled and laid back down.  I shuffled between his legs and raised his
knees.  After giving his dick a short time in my mouth, I went back to his
balls.  The smoothness really intrigued me. Brian had sparse wispy hair and
I did too, but Chris was so smooth. It made me feel like I could eat him.

Pushing his knees back to his chest, I continued my exploration.  Now I
could see between the cheeks to his little hole.  I blew on it gently and
was rewarded with a gyration of his hips and flexing of his bud.  My tongue
drew a line from his balls over his hole, from one end of his crack to the
other.  Chris arched his body, pushing back his hips.  Telling him to hold
his legs, I lifted him a little off the floor with a cheek in each hand.
My tongue was pulled by some unseen magnet back to his hole.

Sure, I tongued Brian, but it was only in passing on my way to other
things. But Chris amazed me. I hadn't a particular liking of arses or
thinking them as being beautiful before, but now I knew they could be.  I
lost control a little eating and licking him, opening him with a thumb at
each side while my tongue drilled.  Chris was writhing around and his arse
muscles were opening and closing continually.

"Mike, I want to cum, I can't stand it any longer."

Quickly I moved around and laid next to him and pulled him onto his side.

"Chris, take me in your mouth, don't let it out till you finish, okay?"

Timidly he took hold and brought it to his lips.  I was hard but not yet
ready to cum myself as I was too pre-occupied with Chris.  I watched him
get used to the idea, and then like it.  I took his stiff cock into mine.
One of my hands slipped between his legs and my finger tip played in the
slicked opening of his arse, whilst my other hand pushed his arse forward
into my face so as to get him humping.

It didn't take him long to find out about face fucking and was quickly
working himself in and out. True to my instruction, he didn't let my cock
out of his own mouth, which made for some weird groans issuing from his
throat as his excitement built.

As he came to the boil, he was beside himself and became difficult to hold
on to.  He was withdrawing too far and I kept loosing his cock, only to
have it stabbed straight back. Occasionally I couldn't catch it and was
poked quite hard in the cheek or nostril.

As he came, he lost the rhythm totally and was pushing and grinding in a
wild frenzy.  Still stuck on my cock, he moaned like mad as he began to
loose control.  I had to really try and keep my teeth from getting in the
way as he hips moved all over the place.  Suddenly my cock spat out and he
screamed in climax.  I got the first couple of strands in my mouth, but
then he pulled out too far and came thumping back against my face, still
cuming in a near continuous stream. It was going everywhere.

It was up my nose, in my eyes, running down my face and neck.  I dropped
away onto my back, exhausted from this sex fight.  After a couple of
minutes, he recovered enough to prop himself up on his elbow.

"Shit Mike, that was even better than this morning."

"I know, in fact, the whole street knows."

He started laughing and I couldn't keep a straight face.

"Oh, Mike I'm sorry, I came on your face."

He moved closer, making apologies.

"It's okay, in fact, it's more than okay.  Makes me really horny to get
covered in cum."

"Actually, you do look really sexy with that all over you."

"Come here," I ordered. "Wipe it off and feed me."

I dragged my finger over the side of my face and sucked it clean.
Laughing, Chris moved to do it for me.

"You like it?" he asked

"I love it.  You ever tried your own?"

"No, yours was the first ever."

I swiped my finger over a dribble on my neck and pushed it in his mouth.

"It's like mine?"

"Yeah, tastes about the same I think."

"No, you're wrong there, yours is sweet. I really like it.  Try again."

I grabbed him round the neck and pulled him on top of me.  My lips welded
to his and my tongue forced into his mouth.  Immediately he stiffened and
tried to resist, but I held firm until he allowed me to explore.  Slowly he
relaxed and timidly at first, began to parry my tongue with his.  Little by
little he became more daring, taking the upper hand in what became a quite
passionate interlude.

We broke apart, my lips and tongue were a bit sore with all the use they
had been getting.

"You know Mike, I thought kissing Karen was the ultimate. But after that, I
realise she was a corpse!  Like every time you touch me, a tingle shoots
all through me.  Laying down just now, I can feel all these incredible
sensations flowing through my body, but I've no idea how you are making
them, whether using your fingers or mouth or tongue. I don't know whether
to lay there and go out of my mind, or try and see what you are doing."

I scratched the back of his head.

"Don't rush everything, take it easy, there is plenty of time to learn, for
now, I only want you to enjoy.  Before this afternoon is through, believe
me, we are both going to be totally wrecked."

He raised his eyebrows and smiled. I pulled him back onto my chest and we
silently drifted into watching the TV for a while.  When his cum had dried
and I could feel it pulling my skin, I went to the bathroom to wash.  While
there I had a rummage through the medicine chest to see if there was
anything that might help what I had in mind.  At the back was a bottle of
baby oil.  God knows what Uncle Billy wanted with that, but I could tell it
had been there for ages and ages. I took it downstairs and grabbed some
Coke's from the fridge.

Chris was watching some wrestling and hardly gave me a glance when I went
back in the lounge. I was able to slip the oil to the side of the sofa
before he realised I had brought some Coke's.  I laid beside him on the
floor.

"Been having a quick wank whilst I've been gone?"

"Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, had three actually." he joked.

"How is it?" I leant forward and took the soft member in my hand, giving a
squeeze.  I was trying to get him comfortable with being casual and naked,
and if not this time, he would be used to it for another.

"Give it ten minutes, I'll start the engines again."

Making jokes was a good sign he was okay.

We resumed watching the sports.  After some advertising break, horse racing
came on and my mind drifted off the TV and on to Chris.  I thought back to
early this morning, and when I saw his arse and realised what I would like
to do with him.  That's why I brought down the bottle of oil.  I wanted him
quite badly.  But he was my mate and I could only if he went along with it
and was enjoying.  I would have to drive him out of his mind before I got
inside him.  I didn't even dare mention the word fuck, as I was sure that
would bring things to a halt.  I knew how he reacted to anything, he would
say no even if he really wanted to try.

Chris gave my dick a squeeze.

"What you thinking about?  It's coming alive again."

"I was thinking of you sucking it, how great it feels."

I was joking but still pushed his head down.  He spent a minute or so
giving a close examination and then put his lips over.  The heat of his
mouth brought me up full instantly.  Watching him, I knew he liked my
dick. He was worshipping rather than anything else.

I let him play till he got me tingling inside. Something would have to be
done soon or else he would end up drinking me.  I pulled him off.

"Chris, let me in on some, sit on top of me, maybe you can still play with
me in this position."

I got him sitting on my chest, facing my legs.  Then I pulled him up to sit
on my face.  It was awkward as he hadn't a clue what I was after. But we
got there and he lowered his arse onto my face.  I stuck up my tongue and
worked it all around his hole.

The weight increasing on my face told me how much he was enjoying.  He
ground his hips down, trying to screw himself onto my tongue.  As it became
too much, he forgot about my dick and sat upright so he could move easier.
He was soon gasping with pleasure.

It was great for a while, but eventually, as he got more and more excited
the weight was crushing my face and at times it was hard to breathe.  I
pushed him off.

"Chris, face the couch," I ordered

He turned around and I got him kneeling, his face resting on the seat
cushions.  I moved behind and continued to give his arse the best attention
of my tongue.  He was soon away once more.

Occasionally I stopped to take a breath, and in one such moment, grabbed
the bottle of oil.  Twiddling the top off, I let it run onto my fingers
whilst my other hand played up and down his back.

Returning to his hole, I tongued him really hard and then worked in my
fingertips.  His hole worked by itself, opening and closing to the
pleasure.  More easily than I had imagined, first one and then two worked
at the ring muscle and then ventured further in.

As the oil was rubbed off, I withdrew and licked around the entrance while
my hand tipped up the bottle again.  In minutes, I was sliding up half the
length of my fingers.

Chris had buried his head into a cushion, trying to stifle his moaning.
The sounds were not about pain, for his hips constantly pushed and shoved
back at me.

The thought of what it was building to had me almost bursting.  I had to
control the urgency less my caressing became too heavy-handed.

I withdrew my fingers one last time and gave him a good tongue bath.
Quickly I emptied out more oil and coated my cock.

From his arse, I licked a line up the centre of his back and then down
again.  The next time, I got to his shoulders and nibbled into the muscle
there.  My fingers massaged at his hole, then I thumbed in just the head of
my cock.  It was so easy it took me by surprise.

One hand squeezed his arse cheeks, swirling around so as to let him feel my
touch all over.  I licked up his back again and then concentrated in gently
biting his shoulder muscles and neck.  His squirming did all the work that
was necessary and little by little, I felt the heat intensify on my cock as
it slowly worked its way up his chute.

He lifted his head off the cushion.

"Oh Mike, what are you doing?" he moaned, almost to himself.

"I'm giving you a massage, from the inside," I whispered back.

"Feels like I'm going to burst."

"It's okay," I assured him, "that's half the fun."

He groaned again and stuck out his bum, which got me almost fully home.

Slowly I slid out and then back in again. He didn't flinch at all.  So I
did it again, and again, each time increasing the speed just a
little. Chris was soon there, stiffening his body at the end of each push.

I rubbed my nose up the nape of his neck, licked his ears.

"Oh Chris, this is beautiful."

"Yes," he croaked.

He was so tight and so hot.  When I put my mind to exactly what I was
doing, I almost came then and there.  I couldn't last more than another
minute.

I fucked, gently but firmly.  And Chris moaned in abandon.

"Chris, you will love this." If he was anything like me, he would love the
feeling of me coming inside him.

That last ten seconds, I speeded up and thrust ever deeper. My cock prised
him apart deeper and deeper as his groans proved.

Then I could last no more, I grabbed his shoulders and thrust hard and
held. My cock pulsed like a cranking pump, filling him up with my hot
juice.

He gasped out loud, "Oh! oh! oh!"

I fell onto his back, exhausted with the effort and nervous tension.

His head never came out of the cushion.  Then when I began to slowly ease
out of him, his hands came back and grabbed my thighs to stop.

"Wait, wait, please."

We both were still a while longer.  Our breathing got back to normal and I
made to release myself once more.

"No, stop, not yet," he begged.

Then I felt him squeeze my cock with his hidden muscles. Once, twice and
then in a stream of nips and contractions.  Amazingly, he began to fuck
himself on my cock, exactly how he had done on my tongue earlier.  Although
it had started to deflate, this brought it up hard again.  His hole was now
bathed in my hot juice and the feeling was so much more than before.

I found myself pulling and pushing, starting to fuck again.  Chris
responded, even led me.  But more than this, my nervousness had gone
completely.  I had always half expected him to suddenly stop me and get
angry. Well, that was at the back of my mind.  But now, he was doing the
pushing and shoving, so I knew he really wanted it.  My mind cleared and I
gave him what he craved for.

Not three minutes into this second round, I heard the back door open.
Shit, it was Uncle Billy.  I strained to hear if he had any friend with
him, but as I didn't hear anyone talking, I presumed he didn't.  I started
on Chris again to finish quickly.  He hadn't heard, though and was still
flying in his ecstasy.

My juice began to rise a second time.  I pumped harder and harder to finish
off quickly.  Then a head popped around the lounge door.

Billy looked so shocked, his eyebrows went right up and his mouth dropped
open.  I just stared equally dumbfounded.  Then a smile broke across his
face and he gave me the thumbs up.  Quietly he retreated to the kitchen.
Chris was still buried in the cushion, unaware.

I almost started to giggle but held off while I gave Chris some pounding.
He didn't stop me pulling out after cuming a second time.  I sat back on my
haunches, looking at his perfect bum.  The hole was open quite wide and the
skin all around was bright pink.  It winked back at me as his bliss
continued.  I leant forward and tongued it once more, tasting nothing but
my own juice.

I pulled him up off the couch.  He was bleary-eyed and dazed.

"Come on, let's clean up with a shower."

He said nothing as I took his hand and almost dragged him up to the
bathroom.

I put him on the toilet and then pulled him in the shower. He was totally
out of it, so I washed him top to bottom.  Fresh and clean, I couldn't
resist a last nibble at his arse, which started him talking.

"My god Mike, I never ever imagined I could feel like this. It's nuclear!"

"Glad you liked it, told you, you would be wrecked, didn't I?"

"I know what you mean now.  It's like I'm flying and can't land again, my
head is still spinning."

"That's only the first time, just wait as it gets better."

"I can't believe it gets any better than this!" He looked at me, amazed.

"It does, believe me.  Was I ever wrong?  You got to massage my insides
yet, just for starters."

He thought on it while we dried off.

"When?" He asked

"Fast aren't we, well maybe tonight if you're not tired."

We went back downstairs again.  Billy was hanging his coat up on the hook
in the hallway.  Still naked, Chris froze to the spot.

"Eh up lads, just had a shower have we?" he said without batting an
eyelid. "I'll make a cup of tea, just got the kettle on now I came in."

He turned and went back to the kitchen.  Chris looked at me, silently
asking the question, `Did Billy know'.  I pushed him into the lounge and we
got dressed.

"He doesn't think anything, we could have been out playing football or
something and got sweaty, so we had a shower.  Anyway, what's wrong with
you, not like he hasn't seen anyone naked before. Neither of us are shy,
like when we shower or at bedtime."

He accepted my explanation.  We sat in the kitchen talking with Billy. He
told us of the match he'd been watching, excited his team had won. Not a
sign that anything in the house bothered him.  He was great was our Billy.

Chapter 2

Family duties called and I paid them a visit while Chris went home for his
dinner and a change of clothes.  My reception felt a whole lot warmer than
before and I decided to stay and tuck into my moms delicious evening meal
with the rest of the family.  I had to meet Chris at around 8, so feeling
stuffed I dragged myself back to Billy's to change.

Together Billy and I walked down to the pub. Billy was curious as to what
had happened with Chris, apart from the climax to the afternoon which he
had walked in on.  For me, Chris was just a natural for sex, his only
problem was being shy because of lack of experience.  Billy was still
surprised a little and put it down to being out of touch with youth. He
said when he was in the Navy, he could spot a potential bed partner at
twenty yards and a two-minute conversation. But with being married and then
an abstaining widower, he reckoned he had lost the talent completely.  He
summed up by saying he thought Chris was a nice lad and certainly had a
tidy body.

Chris was already there waiting for me, so the three of us had a beer
before Billy wandered into the tap room for a game of snooker.  None of our
other friends came in, Chris said they would be with their girlfriends most
probably.  So we had a long talk about almost everything, including the
afternoon.  I had asked him if he was alright, to which he said yes and
wondered why I was asking.  I told him I was a bit worried. If he was
anything like me, I now knew I could get carried away with something, or
someone, and then regret it later.  He assured me that he was fine and he
wanted me to know how thankful he was that he had a friend like me.

"So, you still want to come around tonight after here?"

"Yes, why not? Thought we had just got that straightened out hadn't we?"

I laughed, "Just making sure."

With the heavy stuff out of the way, I really enjoyed the rest of the
night.  Chris was animated like I had never known before and the jokes
never stopped.  Billy came back to join us before closing time, and he was
in good form too.  After the lights flashed time, we walked back to
Billy's, just deviating slightly to grab fish and chips on the way.

Billy made coffee and I sorted the TV and found a movie about to start.  We
sat in the lounge dining royally on the takeaway and submerged ourselves in
the film.

As soon as the credits started to roll, Billy said he was off to bed.
Chris and I chatted for a while longer.  The next film was of no interest
and we had both yawned a couple of times, so I suggested we call it a do.

"Where are we sleeping?"

"In my bed of course."

"But you are in Billy's room aren't you?"

"Yes, but he won't mind."

He looked worried.

"I don't know, maybe I should go home.  Billy might not like the idea of me
being in there too."

"Don't be daft, he knew you were coming back here to sleep. Besides, he
likes you, so he is fine with the idea of you being here.  Anyway, I don't
know about you, but I'm bushed today.  I really just want to sleep."

He thought for a moment, then said okay.  We cleaned up the chip papers and
cups, then went upstairs.  Billy was reading his book as usual.

"Just finishing this chapter, won't be a minute and then I'm to the land of
nod."

I began undressing, following a little hesitantly by Chris.

"By the wall or by the edge?" I asked.

"Wall please, I don't want to be the one to fall out."

I took off all my clothes and waited for Chris as he had to get in first.
He stripped to his underwear and was about to slide across when I caught my
finger in the waistband.

"Off, this is not a kindergarten."

Embarrassed he dropped them on the floor and nipped in.  I noticed Billy's
book lower a fraction and for him peer over the top of his reading glasses,
copping a look.

Once Billy had finished reading and turned out the bedside light, Chris
cuddled up behind me and in the comfort of the moment, we drifted off to
sleep like two good little boys.

Chris disturbed me a couple of times during the night like he was dreaming
badly and he fretted and held me tight.  It was only momentary but enough
to wake me each occasion.  I was also awake when Billy yawned and stretched
on the Sunday morning.  He didn't linger once woken and I watched him get
up and don his boxer shorts.  As he went out, he turned to look at us.  I
smiled back and he crept quietly downstairs.

I dozed for a while, only to be jolted by Chris yet again.  I put my hand
over him to give comfort, as I didn't like to see him so.  Very slowly he
began to wake, cuddling tighter into my back.

His finger twiddled my nipple.

"Morning Chris."

"You awake?"

"I am now. Funny, I can't sleep with someone ripping my right tit off."

He giggled and tweaked it harder.

"Sorry, just I like to explore your body."

He pressed closer and traced his hand up and down my chest, brushing
through the line of hair down the centre.  I felt his dick harden against
my backside.  We were warm and cosy, but the heat from his dick got my mind
to change gear.

I reached between my legs and grabbed his dick, pulling it between them so
as to feel it in a better spot.  His hard dick was getting me horny.  And
horny for something new.

I dropped my upper leg back over his and reached down and felt for his
cock.  It throbbed to my touch.

"You feeling horny or want to go to the bathroom."

"Horny!" was the reply.

I spit on my hand and transferred it to the end of his dick.  Once it was
all wet, I shuffled about till I could get it on my hole, then circled my
hips and pressed back slowly.

Chris soon got what was on my mind and automatically began to hump. In a
minute he was fully home and the joys of being stuffed flowed through me.

"Chris. Fuck me."

He began humping, but too fast and too far. Immediately his cock popped out
and he jammed back again making me wince.

"Oh, sorry Mike" he apologised.

"Okay, just take it slow, don't make it into a race.  The idea is to make
it last as long as possible, not how quick. And don't take it out.
Instead, each time you shove, try to get deeper than the one before. Just
push and relax, not push and pull out.  You'll get the hang of it, try."

He began again slowly.  I helped out countering his movements and he soon
got the idea.  In no time he was rubbing my magic button like the best.

"Mike this is unbelievable," he gasped.

"You're good at this, keep it going as long as you can," I urged.

Once he was comfortable, he reached around and took hold of my dick. Our
Chris was learning fast.  I laid my weight back into him and closed my
eyes, luxuriating in the sensations.

The bedroom door suddenly pushed open and Uncle Billy edged through.

"Morning lads, thought you would like a coffee this fine morning."

He hadn't looked at us, instead, he was watching the mugs of coffee trying
not to spill on the carpet.  Chris froze and buried his head into my
shoulder out of sight.

Billy gently put down the mugs on the bedside table and turned to face
us. The bed sheet was pushed down to my feet and although I doubted he
realised Chris was buried in my arse, be could see my dick standing to
attention.  He understood his blunder and was nonplussed for a moment.

"Oh, sorry to disturb," he said finally.  "Sorry to butt in on your private
moments, only thought you might like some coffee in bed before you got up."

"It's okay Billy," I said, trying to put him at ease. It wasn't his fault,
but ours.

He chuckled.

"Chris, Mike been showing you the family jewels has he?"

Chris lifted his head, sure now that he wouldn't be taken outside and
shot. I felt him give a little laugh.

I grabbed my dick. "Why not? Nothing to be ashamed of ." We all laughed.

I felt he had withered since Billy came in, although he was still inside.

"No, you haven't lad, got something to be proud of to be sure."

Billy was still in his underwear shorts and I thought he had got at least
half hard, noticing the outline down one leg.  A funny feeling quickly
built inside, making me at the same time scared and brazen.

First I gave Chris a nudge to get his attention. Then I reached to Billy
and grabbed the dick I thought was hidden beneath the boxers.  He jumped
with surprise, but I was not wrong.  I wrapped my hand around.

"Family jewels maybe Chris, but these are the Crown Jewels.  Never
mentioned it before, didn't want to scare the shit out of you, but see what
is in my hand?"

Chris gave a whistle under his breath.

"And he isn't even hard yet."

"Bloody hell" exclaimed Chris.

I tried to lift the leg of his boxers to show Chris but they were not loose
enough and caught on his leg.  So I grabbed the fabric and yanked it down.
It stuck on his hips though and I couldn't get close enough to use both
hands without pulling away from Chris, which I didn't want to do.

"Billy, give Chris a show, pull em down will you, let's take a gander at
the biggest prize of all."

"Well, if we don't have anyone here who's squeamish or goes to church on
Sundays, then maybe I can give you all a look."

I waved for him to come closer to the bed. Then he slowly pulled them down
to his knees.

I felt Chris jump when he saw it. If he thought I was big, then I knew
Billy was beyond his wildest dreams.

Billy's cock was about half filled out, so I reached across and took it in
hand, lifting it up this way and that, for Chris to get a good look.  He
leant forward around my shoulder.

I wanted him full hard, just to show how big he was. I knew Billy was
turned on looking at us both, but he hadn't crossed that line where he
became rampant.

Maybe I was going too far, I don't know. I pulled Billy further into the
bed by his dick and then reached up and licked the end.  Both Billy and
Chris gave a start.  Even I was not expecting I would do that. Really,
sometimes I think I have two quite different people inside!

After the first lick, I gave another and another. Billy just stood there
and let me and I felt Chris strain for a better look. His dick began to
harden up, so I went for it and began sucking the head.  After I that, I
could feel Chris begin to throb and twitch inside me.  Both he and Billy
were being turned on, so I put my back into it and sucked him for all I was
worth.  Soon I lost it, as Billy's big hot dick in my mouth and Chris's
dick twitching away in my arse fought and won over my self-control.

I milked Chris's cock with my inner muscles, making him clamp his hips to
my bum.  He buried his face into my shoulder and try as he might, was
unable to quieten his orgasm.  I suddenly felt a hot flood inside together
with Chris's hot panting breath on my shoulder.

It didn't escape me that Chris got hard and then shot his load when I began
sucking Billy.  After giving him a minute to come around, I pulled off
Billy also allowing Chris to slip out of me. I got up kneeling, better to
get my hands and lips around Billy's cock.  But I also tugged up Chris.

"Take a look at this, come closer."

He moved to kneel beside me, watching me frig the pulsing cylinder up and
down.  I put it back to my mouth, then pulled off again. Quickly, I put my
hand behind Chris's head and brought him level with mine.  I licked the
head of Billy's cock a couple of times, then passed it to Chris, pushing
his head forward to cancel his expected restraint.

For a while, we passed it to and fro.  More and more, he became at ease and
copied me in taking as much as was possible.  I let him have it and went
for Billy's balls. Before doing so, I looked up to see what his facial
reaction was.  He had his head thrown back and eyes closed, a look of bliss
on his face.  We were doing alright.

I left off Billy's balls, the strain on my neck bending down like that was
too much. Besides, Chris was really into it now, really worshipping again
like I noticed he did with me.  No longer did he need pointers, so I sat
back to watch him go.

I could see Billy was really taken by it all, especially Chris looking
after his dick. It was overwhelming just to watch.

I reckoned Chris was now oblivious to anything. I was so horny, having had
my insides scratched, had a chance to devour Billy and now watch Chris try
to spear himself.  Desperately I needed to get off and knew how.

I moved behind Chris and lifted his bum in the air, pulling him back a
little.  I leant down and tongued and chewed his arse hole, not only to
slick him up but because I was already hooked on this with him.

He allowed me to push his legs apart and manoeuvre between them, finally
popping the head of my cock through his ring.  It was only a matter of
leaning over his back and a couple of humps with my hips, and I was home.
Chris did the rest. His head was going one way and his hips were going the
other. If I never did a thing, he would have fucked himself on my cock.

Although gagged with Billy's dick, he made a real racket, moaning from his
throat like he was in terrible pain. But he could have pulled off Billy and
moved off my cock at any time, so pain was no part of it.

Billy watched me move, riveted to my cock gliding in and out.  I was so
hot, I had to try and think of anything but what was before my eyes.  One
moment I let the thought of Chris getting a mouthful of Billy's cum and it
almost set me off.  I fixed onto Billy's eyes and him mine.  By that
language, I knew when he was going to cum and I followed suit.

"Mind Chris lad, going to get a bath in a second," Billy warned.

Chris went nuts sucking as hard as he could go.  Billy gasped and rattled
an appreciation from deep down.  The next thing Chris was coughing trying
to swallow the flood coming from Billy and failed.  I held him tight and
hammered his arse for the last moments of my lust.  He got both of us at
the same time, making him scream from under the mouthful of cum and cock.

I reached around to grab his dick but found he had already cum across the
bed and onto Billy's legs.  He was stuck there quivering in orgasm till I
pulled his head off Billy letting him pant for air.  He folded limply
against in my arms so I laid him down on the bed.

Billy laughed.

"By! Chris lad, it's not safe with you, I reckon we have to get an
ambulance on standby."

Chris lay there, eyes closed.  But eventually, a grin crept across his
face.

"It won't be me first in the ambulance I can tell you. I could do this all
day long."

I think he might have been bragging, but it showed he had really enjoyed
what just happened.

"Well, that's as maybe, but thank you very much, it was most welcome. Now,
I'm going to cook some breakfast, I don't know about you but I'm starving.
Oh, and drink your coffee if they are not cold already."

He pulled up his shorts and went down stairs.  I settled down next to Chris
and put my arm over him.

"Chris, that was really good."

"You don't have to tell me. I love that feeling when you are inside me.  I
was trying to think how to describe it, but I can't."

"I know exactly what you mean.  I loved letting Brian do me."

"Your Brian, are we going to see him?" asked Chris.

"Maybe, I was going to give him a ring this afternoon, maybe he will come
over and spend a few days here before we go and have some interviews for a
new company."

"Shit, that's going to be awful if you go away again. Look at what's
happened to me this last couple of days.  If you'd have told me I'd be
doing this three days ago, I'd have thought you needed certifying."

"And now?" I asked

"And now, I reckon I don't give a shit anymore.  Nobody can tell me what we
did was bad. Nothing can feel that brilliant and not be good."

"How about when I am gone, you can come around and see Billy?"

"But look at the size of him. I think he would kill me with that thing. I
would be frightened."

"Look, you would have been frightened three days ago if you saw my cock and
I said it was going inside you. Now, you like it so it doesn't hurt, look
how easy it was just now.  If you enjoyed it, then you could go with Billy.
One thing's for sure, you will know about it when you do, which is no bad
thing."

Chris laughed thinking about what I said.

"I am sure Billy would love you to come around too, but you know he is
reticent about the whole thing.  He's a bit scared as well.  Sure he knows
all about men, he was in the Navy for god knows how long, but picking up
the strings again after so long, well maybe it will be you who has to help
him.  Perhaps that would be a good thing, you could help each other."

"He certainly looks great without any clothes," said Chris more to himself.
"And I didn't mean the obvious either," he directed at me just in case I
was going to say something.  "He as a fantastic body, I could just imagine
him holding me in those strong arms."

"See, you've cracked it already.  He's your man."

I grabbed his soft dick and gave it a squeeze.

"As long as you save something for me though."

He grabbed my head and jokingly shoved it into his dick, humping like mad
for effect.  But I didn't feel like joking as thoughts of Billy doing his
thing with Chris had brought many horny images to mind.  I did take it in
my mouth and held it while using my tongue to massage.  He soon realised I
wasn't funning around and got hard.

I rolled on my back. "Chris, sit up here on my chest."

I dragged him up to my face and took his cock into my mouth again to make
him rigid.  When I let go, it was to go under and wash his balls.  He began
to ride my face making that impossible.  Without being told he moved
towards the headboard and clamped his hole over my mouth.

"Mike, this makes me so horny, use your tongue on me," he begged.

He didn't have to, I stabbed into his open crevice as deep as I could,
tasting my earlier deposit.  Chris soon lost control and was grinding down
really hard on my face till it became painful.  I was forced to push him
off.

"Chris, you never finished properly before, do me again now."

I picked up my legs and brought them to my chest.  He positioned himself
and pushed home, going straight into a steady rhythm like I had told him
before.  I watched his face for the signs of cuming and began beating my
dick again ready.

His head arched back and he began grunting.

"Oh Mike, I'm cuming!" he said, drawing it out to the point of climax.

I beat faster till I felt the surge and heat of his orgasm, then splashed
my own load across my stomach and chest.

Chris dropped down and held me tight.

"You enjoy that?" I said after some time.

"Fantastic, wonderful, incredible."  He went quiet, then continued. "But
I'm not really sure though, maybe I like you doing me better.  Now that
really makes me lose my mind."

"At least you can do both ways if you want to, there was certainly nothing
wrong with what you just did, it was great," I assured.  "It's okay, some
people like one way and others like the other. It takes two to tango or
nobody would get anything."

He murmured agreement and held me tight, snuggling his body into mine from
head to foot.  There we stayed till the smells of bacon and breakfast
wafted up the stairs and made us think of more earthly things.  We dragged
ourselves into the bathroom before going to see what Billy had conjured up.

Chapter 3

"Hello, this is Mike, is Brian there please?"

"Hey me old tosser, how's it going?"

"I'm fine, how about you?"

"Bored out of me crust actually.  It was great this last week, but this
weekend, I've not even been out.  Not seen anybody I knew before."

"I got a few things to tell you.  First, I'm not at home, I'm living with
Uncle Billy.  It's great because my sis got my old room and I was relegated
to the couch, if and when nobody was watching TV.  I was expecting so much
and it all seemed to go sour.  Still, it was okay last night, I went round
for dinner and they were all right."

We talked for about half an hour.  What Brian had been doing during the
week was to obtain all the information we needed for applying to shipping
companies.

"I've got all the application letters done, just need our signatures.  Our
Barbara did them for me, she works down the library. In fact, it was her
did all the leg work, got all the directories and info from them."

"How about coming over here for a couple of days, you can bring everything
with you and sort it all out," I asked.  "And as we are at Billy's, there's
no problem."

"What do you mean, no problem?" queried Brian.

"No problem for catching up on pillow talk," I giggled.

"What about your Uncle, won't he say something?"

"Brian, you are not going to believe this, I can hardly believe it myself."

"What, what?" he interrupted, knowing there was some spice to tell.

"Well, my mate from school is here, staying over, Chris.  Just this
weekend, he just got religion!"

"You slimy bastard, you been turning innocent youths already," Brian
laughed.

"That's not all, this is the most unbelievable bit." I stopped wondering
how to phrase it.

"What?" shouted Brian through the receiver.

"My mate Chris got religion, but Uncle Billy got born again."

There was a silence that made me think we had been cut off.

"Are you saying what I think you're saying?  Is this incest or one big orgy
you got going there?"

"Shit Brian, don't say it like that.  But it kind of happened out of
nowhere."

"They should lock you up, you're not safe to be let loose."

"It's not me," I protested.

He shut me up. "So when do you want me?  Don't forget, I'm just sat here
picking my nose here till I see you again."

"How about tomorrow, I'll pick you up at the station if you ring and tell
me what time you're arriving."

After ringing off, I went back to the kitchen and asked Billy if he could
stay.  I knew it would be alright and sure enough, he said Brian would be
welcome.

Then I noticed him smiling and he grabbed me, whispering out of earshot of
Chris.

"Is this the wife or the husband that's coming?"

I must have turned the colour of beetroot so that even Chris noticed and
gave me a look.  I cleared my throat.

"Brian is his first name, but Ambidextrous is his middle one."

Billy laughed and ruffled my hair.

"Good lad, don't let stuff like that rattle you.  Nice answer, I like it."

Later Billy went out to his Crown Green Bowling Club for a couple of hours.

"So your Brian is coming tomorrow? Asked Chris with a nervous edge to his
voice.

"Yes, you want to come to the station with me?"

"Great, yes.  I've got a job interview with the Evening News at three o'
clock, but apart from that, nothing.  I know you told me about him, but are
you going to be like, together, when he comes?"

"Course we are you daft sod!"

Chris looked hurt I could tell.  I grabbed him round the neck and pulled
him close.

"Look, he is my mate, the one who took care of me and everything and we
will be going back to sea together," I explained.

"I know, it's just that I'm already missing you. I can see you are excited
since you spoke on the phone and now he's coming here tomorrow, so I am
feeling something like left out.  What's happened to me this weekend has
really kind of woken me up.  I'm no good at explaining things, but I really
like being with you that's all."

Chris's eyes had looked up at the ceiling when he said he liked being with
me.

I grabbed at his dick.

"You really mean you like this!"

"Yes, what else do you think I meant?"

"Good, I thought for a minute you were telling me you loved me."

"Don't be stupid, you idiot.  I don't love you, you're my mate," he said
indignantly.

"I can tell you now, I know for a fact when Brian sees you he is going to
want to teach you a thing or two, believe me.  Then you have Billy, that's
more than enough to keep anyone happy.  So for a couple of days at least,
you are going to get so much you are not going to stand up for a week.  I'd
say you were really lucky."

Chris pushed me away laughing, but I could see that far away look in his
eyes as he digested what I said.

"How about going down the park for a walk?" I suggested.

"Yeah, not been there for ages."

"Right let's go," I said. "But I just had a thought."

"What's that?"

"My thought was, Brian scratching your bum and me scratching your tonsils
at the same time.  And look what that thought did," I said pointing between
my legs.

Chris smiled, "You mean let's go down the park after I take care of that?"

I didn't answer for he stepped close and slid down the fly on my jeans.

"Oh Chris, you are getting better every time you touch it."

I looked down as he took it to the back of his throat and held it while
trying to swallow. Taking it out, I lifted it flat to my stomach.

"Lick my balls, Chris," I told him as slowly jacking myself.

He pulled my jeans and briefs down and stuck his head under and licked my
balls and as far under as he could get.  After a minute he sat back on his
haunches.

"You know what I would like Mike?"

"I get a prize if I answer correctly?"

"Yes!"

"Fuck! That's great," I said.

"You got the prize," he giggled.

He undid his belt and dropped his pants.  I had a whim to do as Billy had
done me, so I pushed him to the table and had him bend over.  I dropped
down behind and spent a couple of minutes doing my own worshipping on his
wonderful bum, then leant over his back and slid home.

"Chris, you are terrific," I said, almost lifting him off the floor.

"You and Brian going to be doing this to me when he comes?" he managed to
ask as I dug deep into his hot channel."

"You bet Chris, as much as you like and from both ends too."

There was no reply except a long, loud moan.

"Chris, the kitchen window is open and Mrs Fatlady is hanging out her
washing across there, she only has to look through this window and it'll
give her a heart attack."

"Fuck Mrs Fatlady, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME!"

He made me cum saying `fuck', I think it was the first time he had
mentioned the magic word.

Chapter 4

Brian's train was nearly half an hour late. My eagerness to see him
deflated as the minutes wore on.  But when the train came in and he was
running down the platform waving his hand high in the air, my heart skipped
a beat.

"Hey Mike, fucking good to see you again mate."  He clapped me on the
shoulders and then put my head in an armlock.

As he playfully pulled me close, he whispered "Missed you lots," and his
tongue stroked across my ear.

"Hey, I guess this is Chris, how you doing mate?" He gave him a punch on
the shoulder as if he knew him well.  His easy going way had Chris relaxing
quickly as I knew he was nervous about meeting Brian.

On our way back to Billy's on the bus, we sat on the back seat and tried to
catch up with things, especially the job prospects.  All the while Brian
had one arm covered by a small document bag and was squeezing my thigh.

Brian set out everything on the kitchen table for me to read.  There must
have been letters already made out to a dozen companies applying for a
training cum apprenticeship programmes.  He also had details of the
Merchant Navy Training School in Liverpool for me to go through.  All the
names that I had come to recognise from ships in ports on my trip, Fred
Olsen, P. & O., Blue Funnel, Ellermans, Bibbeys, all the big boys in
shipping.  Now I was sure this was the right way to go about it and
something was bound to come from all these leads.

Although he put all this down to the research of his sister, still I felt I
had let us down having done nothing to contribute.

"So, what you been up to?" Brian asked.

"Nothing really, in fact, nothing period.  Sleeping late, meeting with
friends, going to the pub at night. That's about it."

"Didn't sound like nothing on the phone yesterday."

"Well, that too, doesn't take long really does it?" I laughed.

"How about you Chris, can't believe you let this rascal lead you astray."

Chris looked at me not knowing what to say, his colour rising as he tried
to find some reply.

"You'll have to excuse Brian," I said to Chris.  "He is about as up front
as you can get, so don't let him draw you."

Brian punched me in retaliation.

"All I asked was what you were telling me, so don't call me upfront."

I laughed at him and he jumped on me poking, nipping and tickling.

"Okay, sorry, sorry," I caved in laughing even more.

He grabbed my balls and squeezed gently and leant to my face.

"You want to lead me astray?  I could do with some and seems like as good a
time as any."

I looked into his eyes, they were bright and shining and expectantly
waiting for me to say yes.

My dick hardened just looking into his face.  I couldn't say anything else.

I got up and pulled Chris out of his chair and pushed him hesitating
towards the stairs. I jerked my head for Brian to follow. Chris stood
still, watching me undress.

"Get naked Chris," I ordered.

Brian threw off his stuff as fast as he could, watching us both follow on
with his dick already at attention.  He pulled me on the bed and as I fell
on him, I grabbed Chris and pulled him with me.

"Good body you got there, Chris," Brian said in admiration.  He smiled,
pleased that he was being complimented.

I went for Brian's dick and sucked him for a minute to get him slick.  I
knew what his first requirement would be and turned around and presented my
arse.

First, I got Chris to lie down, then I on top of him so we could
sixty-nine.  Brian quickly got up behind and was in me like a shot. I knew
Chris would like that position for it would allow him to see Brian fuck me.
Sure enough, from being nervous and soft, he was as hard as a rock as Brian
slid home.

Brian gave it me hard and I loved it.  There was something about doing it
with him, nobody else was quite like it.

When Brian said he was going to cum and began his orgasm, Chris bucked hard
into my mouth and let fly, turned on by watching Brian's dick slide in and
out.  I knew exactly what he was feeling.

I hadn't cum though, so when Brian pulled out, I got Chris on his knees and
did my homage thing to his arse. Brian agreed with me that this was one of
his biggest assets.  Then I climbed up and shoved home.

Brian was interested to see me fuck him, something about a big cock going
into a small guy, I know it turned me on.  Eventually, he moved around the
front and fed Chris his cock.  The noises from Chris said he was in heaven.

After me, Brian put Chris on his back with his legs on his shoulders and
gave him what for. I sat over his head and encouraged him into licking my
balls and occasionally my arse as I moved my hips back and forth.  I hadn't
done that before with him, but as with everything else, I could feel him
eagerly follow whatever I directed.

"Hey, Chris, you are really nice and tight," Brian said to himself as he
came to his finale. He hammered away at poor Chris till I thought he would
do him an injury. But when he pulled out and dropped his legs, Chris was
still enthusiastic.

"Wow, that was incredible.  I thought you were hurting Mike just now when
you did him, but to feel you do me the same way...it's just the opposite,
really wonderful."

Chris went down to make some coffee as we talked and got our breath and
strength back.  He brought up the cups and joined us back on the bed.

"Ever thought of joining the Navy Chris?" asked Brian grinning.

"Yeah, sounds great from what Mike tells me, but I get sea sick just rowing
across the park lake.  Wouldn't do for me, worse luck."

"Pity, I think it would be just up your street.  I could just see Henry
taking a shine to him, no question," said Brian half jesting.

I laughed knowing how right he was.

"Who's Henry?" asked Chris.

"The devil himself, who takes good looking youths just like you and
debauches them day after day," joked Brian

Chris laughed, "Sounds alright to me!" not knowing what the reality was.

It was after lunch when Chris reminded us that he had to go for his
interview. We had been talking for over an hour.

"How about one for the road Chris, I'm going to give Mike the last of his
lunch, so you might as well stop till we're done."

"Oh, are you? Thanks for asking me." I laughed.

He grabbed my legs and hoisting them up, told Chris to sit on me and keep
them out of the way.  His tongue washed my arse a few times stopping any
thought of arguing, which was a fat chance.  Raising my arse a little off
the bed he was in me once more, filling me up with his really hot dick.

I moved Chris back over my head, there being no need for him to keep my
legs out the way, I could do that myself.  I wanted his dick to suck at the
same time.

Surprisingly for the first time, Chris had his own idea.  He sat over my
face, bringing his hole down for me to lick, while he bent forward to suck
me.

This was excellent, feeling Brian in my arse, Chris sucking my dick and his
beautiful backside in my face.  Mind, as he got more and more excited, he
sat down hard on my mouth, his hole opening and closing to fight with my
tongue.  The idea of mine and Brian's cum leaking out of his now quite open
hole, didn't bother me at all, in fact, the opposite.  The more excited he
became, the more open he became and the more of our liquids oozed forth,
till it was running down the sides of my face.  The smell of sex became
intoxicating.

It all came together in one big crescendo, Brian slamming away to his
orgasm, making me cum into Chris's sucking mouth.  When I did that, he
quickly moved back over my head and tried to get his spurting dick into my
mouth.  He managed it before he finished cuming, leaving me to savour his
sweet juice as I came down from a high.

"Don't fall asleep in the interview," said Brian as he looked at the
demolished Chris.

"Wish it was another day.  Bet I don't get the job now," he said
dejectedly.

"Don't say that," I chided.  "Go in there, put your back in it.  Say to
yourself, `nobody else at the interview has a great body like mine, nobody
knows how to suck cock and fuck like me.` Give yourself some confidence and
you'll get it."

Brian and Chris started guffawing, but I told him I meant it, even if he
had to put different connotations to the idea.

But Chris had other ideas on his mind.

"Am I staying here tonight?  Will Billy be alright if I stay?"

"I am sure he will, but we can't sleep three in this bed, even if it keeps
us on top of each other for sex.  Think we will move the bedside table out
the way and push the beds together, that way we can all sleep here."

Brian looked amazed.

"You sure you can do that with your uncle?" he asked a bit flabergasted.

"It will be a nice surprise for him."


Chapter 5

That afternoon, we had a long talk over the job applications.  We also
fixed dinner for when Billy got home, a real nice one too with all the
trimmings.  I had a good idea Billy would not be upset with changing his
bedroom around, but all the same, it wouldn't hurt to make him happy and
satisfied with a good meal on the table.

The meeting with Brian went well. I immediately got the impression that
Brian's couple of years maturity put him up a rung in Billy's
estimation. His extra experience and knowledge of ships meant they had a
common bond too.  Over dinner, Billy offered his thoughts as to which lines
we should go for and those we should avoid.  Like one, he said was known to
be skinflints years ago and still the worst payers in the business.
Another had very poor leave structure and another was very easy going. I
was surprised he still kept in touch with the industry so much.
Eventually, it dawned on me that it was still close to his heart even with
being out of it for so long.

After dinner, Billy went upstairs. I was right behind him and followed him
into the bedroom.  Damn me if he never noticed the beds had been
re-arranged.  He walked round to his side and started taking off his things
ready for a shower.

"Billy, I hope you won't mind but with Brian here and Chris wanting to stay
over with us, I pushed the beds together."

He stopped undoing his shirt and looked at the beds.  After a couple of
moments, he turned and said.

"Well Mikey, it's gone this far, won't hurt to go a bit further.  I'll be
back to my single bed all too soon, so best make the most of it hadn't I?
Besides, where else are you all going to sleep?"

That was it, over and done with.  I must admit when it came to it, I was
thinking it might have turned out different.  I said it before, our Billy
was alright!

"You know Billy, you don't have to be back by yourself in that bed.  I had
a heart to heart with Chris and he is upset I will be leaving, given what
he has just discovered about himself. He likes you but is too shy to say
anything, being as how you are my uncle.  I know if you gave him the nod,
he would love to spend more time here, and I don't just mean the bed
either."

"Aye, he's a nice enough lad alright. He's welcome here anytime he likes
and I wouldn't mind the company too."

I ran back downstairs feeling somewhat like a fairy god-mother.  I told
Brian what he said.

"You must be the apple of his eye to get around him so easy."

"Maybe."

Later on, Chris came around.  He felt the interview had gone really well
and they would be letting him know the day after tomorrow.  Before he left
the newspaper, the secretary who was known to his mom, said it was as good
as his.

With dinner settled, we put on our coats and walked down to the pub for a
couple of drinks to celebrate quite a few things.  I introduced Brian to a
couple of friends who were there till Billy suggested a game of snooker.
They went off to the tap room leaving me with Chris.

"So how was this morning Chris, did that come up to expectations or what?"

He smiled, then moved close to talk so no-one else would hear us.

"I was thinking going to the interview this afternoon, which job I would
really like."

"And what would that might be?" I asked him sure that this would be a
joke. I put down my glass, not wanting to get caught with it in my hand if
I cracked out laughing.

"After with you and Mike, I reckon I would love to work in a brothel.  I
don't know if they have them with guys in, but I suppose they must
somewhere.  That would be ace, just moving from one dick up you on to the
next."

I stared at him, it was not the joke I was expecting and he didn't sound
like he was expecting me to start laughing either.

"Are you serious?" I asked in disbelief.

"No, not really.  But it would be fantastic. This morning, I felt like I
could take a football team.  I can't get over how great it is," he said,
deadly seriously.

"Chris, you looked totally wrecked with just me and Brian, you couldn't
possibly do that one after another. It would kill you."

"Maybe." He pondered.  "But what a fucking ace way to go." He dug me in the
ribs laughing.

He came close again.

"This morning, I was really scared when Brian was doing you, honest, it
looked so painful.  Like I imagined it would be like with Billy.  But after
he did me like that, I can't wait to try Billy's' big monster.  No offence
Mike, you are really gentle with me when you do it, compared with Brian,
but something inside me kind of wants it hard somehow."

"Chris, you have become a maniac.  Somehow I think if I'd have been like
Brian for your first, you would have gone straight out and married the
first girl you could."

"Thanks to you." He clinked my glass in cheers.

For the rest of the night, there was not a single word about sex.  I
enjoyed it.  Now it was like I was with family, we were all so close and
got on so well together.

There were no fish and chips on the way home this time, our meal left us
still satisfied even after a few pints.  Instead, it was the kettle on and
a pot of tea for Billy and coffee for the rest.  Billy switched on the
telly in the lounge and we sat in for a while watching while we drank the
coffee.  But it was a long day already, so Brian and I said we would be off
to bed.

"Aye, I won't be far behind," said Billy.

We had just got into bed when I heard the plug being pulled for the TV and
the lights flicked off downstairs.  Chris came in first while Billy went to
the bathroom.

"Where do you think I should sleep?" he asked.

Brian was at my back on the outside, and I knew Billy would only be
comfortable in his usual spot next to the bedside table.

"I think you are next to me Chris, in the middle.  Don't push the beds
apart and fall through the gap though."

I could tell he was a little shy about sleeping with us all now. Slowly he
got undressed, just kicking off his briefs before he snuck under the covers
and shuffled over.

"Just had a quick talk with Billy," he said as he got settled.  "He said it
would be alright if I came around here.  Might even get that other bedroom
fixed up too. You know back home, I have to share with my brothers, so if I
get this job, it would be like having my own flat.  Well not exactly, but
you know what I mean, and I could pay my way with Billy so I wouldn't be a
burden."

That sounded great to me, I was really pleased.

"But you would be in here, right? Why would you fix up the spare room?" I
asked in my best dumb voice.

Chris went scarlet.  After a moment he pushed his hand under the sheets to
hit me.

"You know what I mean, got to have it look like I am living in the spare
room. Thicky!" He snapped.

Brian was laughing into my shoulder.

"Chris" he chirped in, "Mike can be a real cruel bastard when he wants to
be, so don't take no notice of him."

My turn to elbow Brian then, but he had his arms around me, so it was
ineffectual.

We were hugging together, spoon fashion. I was feeling nice and relaxed
held in his arms, just like we used to do back on the Harmonia.  Brian's
dick was between my legs but neither of us was hard.

"He'd be a fool to be anywhere else, wouldn't he?  I mean who could be in
another room when a cock like that is in here," joked Brian.

"Who's cruel now?" I said under my breath.

There was a silence for a couple of moment, then Chris started to
giggle. He turned towards us, but said nothing, instead grinning from ear
to ear.

"Think it must be Chris's birthday or something," laughed Brian.

He humped against my bum telling me what he meant.  I could feel his dick
fill out as his mind must have been on Chris and Billy.  I eased my hips a
bit too and fro, allowing it slide up my crack, rehearsed so many times
before on the ship.  I got the head of his cock right outside my hole.  The
heat from the tip of his dick was measurable and I'm sure he could feel the
same from my arse.  The pressure against the door grew as he slowly filled
out.

Billy came in and began undressing.  Chris's hand crept under the cover to
feel my cock.  I was still semi-soft, and his hand retreated.  We were all
watching as he dropped his underwear and turned around to face the bed.

"See we all fit in rather well." He summed up and checked the bedside clock
and switching on the bedside light.  Having seen everything was in order,
he pulled back the sheets and got in.

I think the expectation was there in all of us with Billy getting into bed.
Brian's cock did a leap and the head suddenly got through my entrance,
which made me jump.  His arms held me tight in response.

I couldn't help but think of Chris on the end of Billy's dick.  He was so
small physically and his arse was new to having a dick buried inside.  And
Billy was such a big man, both physically and what was between his legs.
If Chris was certain about taking it, then he was really going to have a
job on.

My cock began to grow, both with thinking that and the feel of Brian's
throbbing in my arse, slowly but surely working inside as our slight body
movements allowed it to creep forward relentlessly.

In a minute, he was deep inside.  He was throbbing so hard it felt like I
was being lifted up the bed with every twitch.  I squeezed my hidden
muscles to answer each one as we lay otherwise still.

Chris's hand crept over again and found me hard.  He squeezed it a couple
of times, then took it back.  There was some rustling on the other side, so
I guessed he was also checking out Billy.  I didn't really expect him to be
so bold, in fact, he appeared to be a different person when sex was
involved.  But the electricity was mounting, I could feel it in the air.

I heard Billy murmur a gasp, which could only have come from
pleasure. Raising myself a little, I looked over Chris to see him on his
back, eyes closed, mouth open and a look of rapture on his face.

Brian heard it too, and he gently pressed himself tight up behind, giving
me that exquisite feeling of fullness as his cock strained within.

So suddenly it made me jump, Chris dived down under the cover towards
Billy.  We could hear the smacks of his mouth as he attacked Billy's cock
and Billy stiffened at the abrupt assault and moaned yet again.

Chris didn't go down the bed, instead, he kind of turned turtle and his
arse came up to my view.  Feeling Brian throb away in my guts, hear Billy
moan and Chris's lips smacking, then seeing the one thing I had become so
besotted with this last week, was too much.

I leant forward, grabbing both cheeks and buried my face into those two
perfect globes.  Brian took note of the action and began to purposely move
in and out of my arse.

He leant into my ear. "Eat his arse, give it a good fucking with your
tongue. Yeah, that's it, go on Mike, let me see you work it."

That was the green light necessary and I lost myself to Chris's silky
smooth bum.

I could feel and hear Chris momentarily come off his sucking job and let
out an enthusiastic moan, bucking his arse back into my face.  A couple of
minutes back I could well imagine us all going to sleep, now we were in the
middle of wonderful sex, it just came out of nowhere.

My tongue began to ache, so I started slipping first one finger and then
two into Chris.  He constantly pushed back, so I knew he was enjoying.  I
tried three, curious to see if he could take it.  Without too much effort
he did.

Having opened him up a little, I went back with my tongue for a while,
making him really slick.  I tried once more, finger by finger till I got
the ends of four pushed in there.  It may have hurt him, but he never for a
moment stopped humping his bum back and forth.

"Shove them in further," encouraged Brian, still riding my arse and
watching intently.

I pushed my hand, bringing the first wail of pain from Chris.  Easing off a
bit, I removed one finger and went back in.

"He's a fucking marvel of nature," said Brian as I pushed all three fingers
inside.

"And it feels like you got at least four in me," I told him, the excitement
seemed to have made his cock feel bigger than ever.

"You can do it," he whispered, "Remember that guy from the market?"

I nudged him to keep quiet, not having told Chris or Billy about shop
keeper we had sex with in Africa.  On the other hand, I hadn't told Brian
about the big guy at the party in Baltimore either.

Thinking I had hurt him, Chris pulled off my fingers.  He turned around to
face me, his face almost delirious and backed up against Billy.  As Billy
rolled on his side to face us, Chris put his hand between his legs to guide
the cock into himself.  Billy's strong arms crossed his chest and pulled
him close.

Chris began shaking in pain like he was electrocuted.

"Chris lad, I had better stop, this is hurting you too much," said Billy.

"No, no, it's alright, just give me a minute," pleaded Chris.

In less than the minute, he was gyrating his hips back onto him.

Brian and I stopped what we were doing and gaped.

"It's okay now" assured Chris, but still not looking particularly happy
about the situation.

"You sure?" asked Billy, concerned.

"I'm sure."

We both watched as he slowly pushed himself into Chris who was biting his
lip looking like he was trying not scream.  I felt for him, I thought he
was biting off more than he could chew trying to take Billy with so little
experience.

Thankfully Billy took it very, very slowly until the tension visibly began
to drain out of Chris's face.

"Glad you don't look like that," whispered Brian.  I dug him in the ribs.

In a couple of minutes, Chris began to show the first signs of enjoyment as
he made a few lustful groans.  Billy took this cue and lifted him off the
bed, planting him on all fours facing us.

"Maybe this position will be more to your liking, I know it will mine" said
Billy.

He held him by the hips and slowly began sliding in and out.

"I got to see this," whispered Brian and pulled his cock out of me and got
closer to the two of them.  Me too, I wanted to see.

"Sure we're alright now?" asked Billy.

"Oh yes, yes, yes," trailed off Chris.

Billy was sliding about half of his cock into Chris.  By the look of it, he
was coming up to a brick wall inside.  I reached under Chris to play with
his dick, but it had shrivelled right up.  Well, he was getting the
stuffing knocked out him which is what he wanted, so his cock was no
measure of pleasure he was receiving. I knew myself sometimes when I was
really enjoying getting it from Brian, my own cock would go down.

Chris began to get some life in his body and started to wriggle and writhe
about, making really guttural noises. He reached out for my cock, still
hard with the turn on we were witnessing. He pulled mine towards his mouth.
I moved up closer and fed him my cock.  Letting go of mine, he grabbed for
Brian too and pulled him close.  We quickly got the idea and fed him our
cocks, one after the other as we watched Billy gradually building his pace
and working his way ever deeper into Chris.  It was one of the sexiest
things I had ever seen.

"Our Chris likes his cock," said Brian.  "Go on Chris, suck it, show us
what you can do with three cocks."

Brian was really turned on, I knew when he started talking dirty he was
getting carried away.  Chris only made noises, but we knew from them this
was just what he wanted.

The sweat was running down Billy, taking his time getting with Chris was
taking something out of him.  He was working hard for some while by this
time.

"How is it Billy?" asked Brian

"Wish I could tell you, but I don't want to waste my time. Just let's say
this lad is one of the best, eh?"

He was going at Chris quite fast and his cock was still not quite going all
the way. Nearly but not all.  I fucked Chris's mouth deep, while Brian
wiped his dick over the side of his face. Then we changed over.  You would
have thought Chris was never going to get another dick in his life as tried
to keep mine, and then Brian in his mouth as long as possible.  He was out
of his mind.

Billy started groaning and heaving heavily.  Chris let go of our dicks and
screwed his face up as Billy was digging deep on his last few strokes.  He
began to cry out, and then so did Billy as he came.  Billy held him fast as
he rammed his last, fixing him in a hold while he exploded inside.  Chris
was frantic, flailing about like a headless chicken.  I knew what it felt
like already when Billy came, I imagined I was going to be split in two and
Chris looked like it was actually happening.

Billy pulled out and flopped back on the bed, totally exhausted.  Chris
stayed kneeling where he was but buried his face in the sheets.

Brian curious as ever, slid a couple of fingers into him.

"Chris, you really popped your cherry now."

He moaned back, but it was lost in the sheets.

I watched as Chris's hips bucked back into Brian's searching fingers.

"Still alive and kicking," laughed Brian.  "Better get some while we can,
can't see Chris being around for long after that performance"

He pulled him around, lined up his dick and was in him straight away.
Chris moaned again and pushed back his arse for more.  Having just taken
Billy, he didn't hold back and gave it fast and hard.  I pulled up Chris's
head and showed him a dick that still needed sucking.  He remembered and
got busy as he came around on a second wind.  I looked at Billy, who laid
there totally out of it, his eyes closed like he was dreaming.

Brian didn't take long, he must have almost been coming just watching Billy
do his turn.  But Chris would know about it, he did him so hard he was
being knocked up the bed.

Finally, he came and whipped out his cock, which must have hurt a bit.  He
rolled back and collapsed onto the bed.  Chris let my cock fall out of his
mouth and once Brian had let go of his support, dropped down heavily like a
rag doll.

Maybe this was not to be my night.  I grabbed the sheet and pulled it over
the three of them, and lay down myself.  Chris stirred and snuggled up
close, so I put my arm around to hold him.  I could hear the steady
breathing of Billy and Brian as they drifted into slumber.

As I held Chris, I began thinking of what had happened to my friend.  My
mind ran over everything since that night we had slept over at Pete's
place. I still found it hard to believe Chris had turned out like this.
Well, turned out just like me in fact.  I remembered the times in school
together, how impossible it was to think we would ever be like this.  I had
wondered many a night laid on my bunk if I was kind of unique.  Now my own
school friend was exactly the same.  I began to run through other people in
the class, see if there were any signs I could remember about them that
might mean they could also be like us.

My memories were halted by Chris, taking my hand off his chest and moving
it down to his crotch.  I found him to be rock hard.  He said nothing
though but indicated he wanted me to play.  Now I thought about it, he
hadn't come either, well not from his dick.

With the picture of his hard cock in my mind, it fed life to my own and I
swelled up. It was not difficult to push it between his legs, they were
still all wet and slippery.  Chris moved slightly as he felt me push, the
result being my dick slid straight into his hole.  It went so easy I knew
he must be very open after having the two of them, but still, I was
surprised just how easy it was.

He moved back and began milking me with his arse muscles.  He was so hot
and wet I could bury myself completely on each push.  After thinking I
wouldn't get a chance to come, here I was bursting at the seams in
seconds. He felt wonderful, still a tightness, but so easy to slide in and
out.  We only rocked gently back and forth, but it was the same for me as
the hard fuck was to Brian.  Before I knew it or wanted, I added my own
helping to that of the others.  I stopped at the moment of coming, but
Chris grabbed my hand wanting me to continue to jack his cock.  I thought
he would come pretty soon, his head must have been bursting with erotic
imagery from Billy and Brian.  But after some minutes he still hadn't burst
his dam.  As my cock deflated and slipped out, he moved to lay on his back.
Putting his hand on my head, he pressured me to go down the bed.  I was
happy to do so, Chris had given us all pleasure tonight, and I was glad to
be the one helping him out now.

With Brian too close behind me, it was not comfortable and I didn't really
have enough room to bend down.  Chris soon realised it was a squeeze and
pulled me back up again. Instead, he moved up the bed and then sat on my
chest.  I knew what was coming and opened my mouth.

Slowly and quietly he played pushing his cock in and out of my mouth,
sometimes teasing me by wiping it across my face when he thought I was a
bit too hungry.  I could see Chris was developing his likes and agenda, it
gave him more personality now he was aware of his own needs.

Brian would have been turned on to see me sucking Chris, but I could hear
him in deep sleep from the earlier exertions, as was Billy.  It was just
the two of us now and I knew I had to get Chris off before we slept.

I thought he would be the most tired, at least I thought he would want to
finish quickly, but he kept holding out.  Each time his cock swelled out
that little bit more before he came, he would take it from me, laying it
over my face and play around till he could afford to start over once more.

When he tired of that, he hunched forward so I could lick his balls. At
first, he wanked himself slowly as I licked and sucked, but then he stopped
to savour only my tongue at work.

I reached over my head to catch his cock and try to wank him as my mouth
worked its magic, but he would not allow.  So I resigned myself to let him
do as he wished and lost myself to the job at hand.

His balls were so smooth, totally hairless.  The texture of skin so soft
like silk.  More than once I felt like biting his balls.  But the idea of
giving him pain turned me off.  I loved the way they jiggled about loosely
in their perfect package.

Finally, Chris took hold of his bouncing cock and began to stroke it.  He
did it much slower than I could ever do, but as I watched the pace
increased little by little.  He began to push against my face when I took
both balls into my mouth.  His hips began their automatic humping that he
seemed to always do when getting really excited.  He humped and pushed
harder into my face as the pleasure rose.  His movements started to unseat
him and then his groin moved up my face and instead of licking his balls,
they wiped the sensitive area behind them.

That was it, he sat down hard on my face, grinding his arse onto me as he
got more and more turned on.  My tongue went into his hole and I noticed
the firm entrance was now soft and puffy to touch. Not to mention big. I
realised he must be swollen if not sore by now.  I licked and fucked it
with my tongue, getting it far inside as I could reach.  The taste was just
pure sex and his wetness dribbled over my face.

Chris pulled back down my chest, jacking his cock fast.  He aimed into my
face and began to come.  I strained to catch it with my mouth, but he kept
it just out of reach as he splashed me with the first few blasts.  Once the
initial explosion was over, he allowed me to take it and settled his weight
down to drive it to the back of my mouth and finish off his coming.

When I knew he had done, I wanted him to pull out so I could gasp for air,
but he pushed back down when I made to move.  He kept it there till he
softened completely, then he rolled to my side and slid down the bed.  When
he was opposite, he came close and licked my face hungrily before giving me
a deep kiss.

"Thanks," he whispered.  "I wanted to save that for you.  You are my best
mate, okay?"

I didn't know what to say, but in any case, he put a finger to my lips to
keep me silent.  When he took it away, he reached close and kissed me once
more.

"Goodnight, and sweet dreams," he said softly in my ear.

He lay down and looked across.  Silently he mouthed "I love you" and then
closed his eyes.

Amazed, I lay there thinking about Chris, about myself and about Brian.
Some of the same confusions I had felt after meeting Jess reared their head
once more.  Slowly tiredness took a welcome hold and I drifted off like the
others for the remainder of the night.

Chapter 6

Brian stayed for two days in which time all the job applications were
mailed off.  When he left we arranged I would go over to Manchester next
week, have some night life which I had yet to experience.  With some luck,
there could be some replies from the shipping companies by then, so our
holiday would be over and interviews and preparation for a new job would be
the thing.

Chris came around almost every day, and most nights too.  He got the job
with the newspaper, so he was making firm plans to move in with Billy.
Once Brian had gone, Chris and I had sex just about daily either in the
mornings or afternoons before I went to Manchester.  At night, we also had
some very good threesomes with Billy.  He became adept at doing the two of
us before we said our goodnights.

From a rocky start, now I felt my homecoming had come good.  Everything was
`Plain sailing', as they say.  And I know now, my ship has come in.

The End of this saga.


I hope you have enjoyed this story. If you have any comments, they are most
welcome to John = bokjay123@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 14:41:02 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen 6, The Homecoming - Book 1 - Part 6 of 7 -Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Able Semen 6, The Homecoming

By John, bokjay123@hotmail.com

Chapter 1

That day in Halifax felt magic.  Outside the sun shone in the crisp clean
air and inside we sated our desires on and off the whole day. If only more
times could have been like that.

But from the moment of leaving on the evening tide, the weather changed
bringing down a curtain on that brief experience.  The sky deepened to an
unrelenting grey and merged seamlessly at the horizon with the sea.  The
wind picked up and as we left the shelter of the shore further and further
behind, the ship was soon crashing into the waves of a heavy sea.

Granted I was new at this job, but already I had travelled thousands of
miles on this boat.  Now the world on which I lived was so unexpectedly
tossed and thrown about like a toy in the bath.

At first, I was really frightened.  To look out of the window in the mess,
which was two decks up from the cargo deck, and see nothing but water above
your head as the ship ploughed through deep troughs in the enormous waves.
Well, my skin ran to Goosebumps and my stomach quaked.  Eventually, it
dawned on me that no-one else was unduly bothered, so I told myself it must
be alright.  When I remarked about it to Norman, he just laughed and told
me I hadn't seen anything yet.

It was like that all the way across the Atlantic.  The Master ordered that
nobody could go out on deck, so our little world became even smaller for
the rest of the voyage.

Not until we entered St. George's Channel between Ireland and Wales did a
relative calm descend.  I was doing my usual cleaning in the engine room
when Henry was able at long last, to take his eagle eye off things and ask
me if I would be paying off in Liverpool or staying with the ship.

I told him I wanted to take a proper engineers apprenticeship, so I would
be leaving the boat.  He took me by surprise when he said he thought that
was for the best.

"Aye, a young lad should get yon feet planted in a good trade.  Not like
here, you won't be getting anywhere on boats like this.  Good decision lad,
wish you well!  Before you leave, I'll give you a letter of recommendation
to take with you."

I didn't really know what to expect from him, but somehow I didn't think he
would be bothered with me, let alone offer a testimonial.

"At least now lad, you know which end goes forward and which end doesn't."

We both laughed and he clapped me on the shoulder and then playfully
pushing me on my away, groping and nipping my bum.

As the ship edged into Seaforth docks, I began to get very nervous.
Already being the last day, the crew had got so excited to be in home port.
Some were going to pay off like Brian and me, and there were those who were
going to stay, but eager to be off and whoop it up in Liverpool for a
couple of days.

Norman was going to remain with the boat as I knew he would, it was his
life now.  I would miss him a lot, but he was one of those you just knew
you would meet up with again.

Finally, we docked and were all tied up and the engines fell silent.  I
collected my wages, the first time I had seen or felt so much money in my
own hands.  Then with all our goodbyes said, Brian and I walked down the
gangway and onto the quayside.  We made a final wave to Norman watching us
from up on deck and walked silently towards the dock gates.

Before we turned the first corner, we stopped and looked back at the
Harmonia.  I started shaking inside and my eyes watered.  I tried to stifle
an unwanted sob and glanced at Brian wondering if he had heard.  He was
crying too.  We looked at each other, not having to explain a word.  He put
his arm around my shoulder and we continued out the docks and back into the
world in which most people lived.

It was extraordinary.  Here I was so emotionally charged over leaving the
vessel when what now seemed an age away, I had so hated those first few
weeks.

I saw a phone box and forgetting my melancholy, raced over and shouted to
Brian that I was going to phone my mom.  She was elated to hear me and I
almost began to cry again when I heard her excited voice.  I told her I
would be home later after doing some things in Liverpool.

Brian phoned his parents next and then we decided to go into the city and
have a couple of drinks.  We arranged to get together again in a week or
so, and have some fun before sorting out our future.  After a couple of
hours, I was at the station seeing him off on the Manchester train.  We
couldn't kiss, but we got as close as two men are allowed.  Brian unseen
put his hand into my pocket and grabbed my dick, telling me to take good
care of it till he saw me again.

As his train pulled out of the station, suddenly I was hit by a feeling of
utter loneliness.  All my friends had disappeared in a matter of a few
hours.  Now I desperately needed to get myself home and back to my family.

Chapter 2

I arrived about half past six and the tears began again.  My mom wouldn't
leave me alone and then my sister started, maybe thinking she had better
not be left out.  Dad didn't say very much though, and when he did made it
sound a bit of a joke.  I was soon to know different.

He had asked me what time I got into Liverpool and left the ship.  When I
told him, he said it was now seven or something, so where had I been as I
knew dinner was always at half past five.  I laughed because I didn't
really understand what he was trying to say.

Later on, after mom had called across the fence to the neighbours and had
them come around to show me off, she told me my eldest sister had taken my
bedroom so I would have to sleep on the couch.

I was a bit upset at losing my room, but now I had left home it would be
unreasonable to think I could hang on to it.  Later on in the evening I got
really tired and would have loved to get some sleep, but I had to wait till
mom and dad finished watching the TV first.

The following morning I was shaken awake by my dad.  Confused, I asked him
what the matter was, but he just said it was time people should be out of
bed.  He was making ready to go to work which I didn't have to do. I
couldn't quite understand what the fuss was about.  After he had left, I
went back to the sofa and tried to go back to sleep but my mind was too
upset.

Before long, my mom came into the lounge and told me to get up so she could
put away the bedding.  Reluctantly I did as she wanted and got myself
showered and dressed.

I decided to look up my old friends and also go and see Uncle Billy.  I
hadn't returned his mail, so I would have to pay him a call.  Before I
left, mom reminded me what time dinner was and told me not to be late or
else my dad would get upset again.  I told her I was on holiday and maybe I
didn't want to eat dinner at that time. She wouldn't have it though and
told me not to rile dad.

In a huff, I left the house.  This was nothing like I had been dreaming
about whilst on the Harmonia.  Thinking of my loving family back home when
in reality, it was as if I was still a kid at school being told what to do
and when to do it.  If nothing else, I now had a sense of independence, so
this was something almost like being in jail.

Quickly I put it to the back of my mind as I called on a few friends.  Some
were home and some were at work, so I left messages to see them later.  In
the afternoon I went to see Uncle Billy.  He was glad to see me and made me
feel really welcome and actually wanted.

He had to know everything I'd done and everywhere I'd been to.  Each time I
told him something, it would trigger a memory about this navy days and then
he would counter with a story of his own.  The hours past quickly as we
laughed and talked.  When I suddenly realised the time and told him I would
have to get home, I let it slip that `or else my dad would be upset.'

"Oh let him be upset, it's not every day my nephew comes home from the
sea."

I liked his style, wished my dad could be a bit more enthusiastic.

"Your dad was always a bit of a straightjacket.  If he'd have gone in the
navy I doubt he would be so stuck up like he is."

I cracked out laughing, never having heard Uncle or any relatives talk
about my dad like this, but he hit the nail on the head.

"Tell you what, you can sleep here if you like, then you can go and come as
you please.  And you get a proper bed too."

I didn't know what to say, or rather I didn't know how to tell my mom and
dad, but it sounded great.  He read my mind.

"Don't worry about your dad, I'll sort him out and I think you mom will
like it too, only so as your dad won't be making a fuss over everything you
do."

I went back home for dinner and Uncle Billy called around a bit later and
had a word.  I wasn't really expecting my dad to agree, but I knew Uncle
was a bit of a smooth talker and sure enough he said that I could.  He gave
Uncle instructions about not allowing me to run wild, but Uncle caught my
eye and gave a wink whilst agreeing sincerely with dad.

I got my bag together and we walked back to his house.  He said for us to
dump it there and go for a drink at the local pub where he would be playing
in a darts match. I would be able to call some friends and tell them where
I was if they wanted to join me.

We talked really easily.  It was not how I had expected really.  I had
known Uncle since forever, as he had always lived nearby and I always liked
him.  Yet it was strictly Uncle and nephew stuff, having to keep quiet
whilst he talked with mom and dad.  Now, he talked to me like an equal, no
more the kid.  It was just like any of the crew, no formality or anything.
Before I had thought that he was old, seeing he was an Uncle.  But now I
realised that he was only around thirty-five to forty.  He was dad's
youngest brother, so younger than Norman by a long chalk.  I thought I got
on so well with Norman and he was way out of my age group, so there was
nothing amiss with talking like real pals with Uncle either.  He must have
taken it exactly the same way too.

I knew my dad wouldn't like me going to the local pub, and I mentioned this
to Uncle Billy.

"What your dad doesn't know won't hurt him. I'm not going to mention it and
I don't think you are, so what's the worry?  Besides, your dad doesn't go
there anyway so what would he know about it?  And by the way, let's get
this Uncle thing straight, you are making me feel ancient.  Call me Billy
like everyone else does, alright?"

That was great, I didn't like putting that tag to his name in any case.  It
helped to make me treat him like a friend rather than one of our family.
At last, I was starting to feel comfortable back at home, thanks to his
great attitude.

At first, I didn't know anyone in there, so I watched Billy play darts with
his cronies, warming up for the inter-pub match later on.  Later, one by
one, my old school mates came in and joined me.  We took a table in the
lounge and left Billy to it in the tap room.  First was Chris, still
looking his old self. I say that because next came Peter, who already had
lost his school look.  Then came Harry who had got a dose of style since I
last clapped eyes on him.

First I had to tell them where I had been and what I had been doing.  But
the novelty soon wore off, they were imagining that I was a guest on an
ocean cruise.  When I insisted that it was work, some hard at that, and I
wasn't taking in the tourist sites, they soon lost interest.  Chris didn't,
he was the only one who continued to plug me on every detail you could
imagine.  But for the others, after half an hour it was as if I'd never
been away and the talk was on the latest TV soap or some football match.  I
felt out of it to some extent.

Chris still hadn't got what you would call a proper job since leaving
school, so he was obviously in awe of what I had been doing.  When I told
him how bad it was helping to change a crane gearbox, working over twelve
hours in ninety plus temperatures, covered in oil and sweating in the
killing humidity, he still seemed to think that was neat.

As he still looked under age for being in a pub, I asked him if he had any
trouble getting in. He said the landlord didn't bother too much, and nearly
all my old classmates came in here at one time or another.  I could hear
one reason, the jukebox had some good music and it was loud.  I think the
landlord must be have been purposely tapping the younger market as most of
the other customers were our age.

Billy came in after the match and asked if I was staying until closing time
or coming home with him.  I was still pretty much tired, so I told him to
hang on for me.  As the next night was Friday, we all arranged to meet up
again and have a good night out.

Walking home with Billy, I told him that I felt out of it, thought Harry
and Peter might have been a bit more interested in my being home.

"I tell you, Mike, even after being at sea for ten years, I still got that
when I came home on leave.  People who I thought knew me well, didn't even
know I'd been away.  You'll get used to it.  What counts is yourself, not
whether other people think about you."

Chapter 3

When we got home to Billy's, he said I would be sleeping in his room, in
one of the twin beds. He had another bedroom but it was full of junk. He
told me if I wanted, I could make it my own later.

He asked if I wanted a coffee, but I told him no as I was tired and would
get some sleep.  He said he would be up in a minute after reading the
sports page.

I had a wash and got undressed and slipped into the cold bed.  Oh, another
thing to remind me I was back in England again.  I switched on the reading
light between the beds, thinking of Uncle Billy. This bed must have been my
Aunts.  I never knew her, she died of cancer when I was really young after
only being married for a couple of years.  Billy hadn't married again.

I could hear him downstairs, switching off the lights and locking the
doors.  He paid a trip to the bathroom along the landing and came into the
room quietly.

"Still awake? Thought you might be asleep by now."

"The cold bed kind of woke me up again."

"Getting soft, are we?  Sorry, no central heating or electric blankets in
this house.  Oh yes, and no tropical sunshine on the outside either."

He stripped off as he joked, till fully naked he climbed in opposite.  I
didn't look directly at him, but out of the corner of my eye, I could see.

They had won the match tonight, so he was very happy.  He settled down and
picked up a book.

"Seeing as you are awake, you won't mind me reading a while.  Love my book
at bedtime."

He rummaged around looking on the tables at each side.

"Mikey, have you seen my reading glasses, I could have sworn they were
right by my bed?"

"I thought I saw them in the kitchen," remembering a pair by the fridge.

"Oh no, just got settled, but I can't read without them."

He made to get up, but I knew he might not find them.

"It's okay Uncle, I think I know exactly where they are."

I threw back the cover and made to get out of the bed.  That's when I
realised I was also naked, having stripped off completely out of habit.  I
paused just a moment then thought what the hell, Billy was also naked and I
was being a kid.  Quickly I ran down the stairs and found the glasses
straight away.

"Here they are, right by the fridge."

"Oh thanks, Mike, I'm always forgetting where I put them."

I walked over and handed them to him.

"See you inherited the family jewels." Said Billy.

"Sorry?" I said thinking I had miss-heard something.

"This!" he said, taking hold of my dick and giving it a handshake.

"Why, what do you mean?" I asked, really shocked.

"Nay, you must know you are bigger than average, you're not that thick are
you?" he said laughing.  "Me and your dad, and your Uncle Benny, we were
all the biggest in school.  I know for a fact I was pretty big compared to
the rest of my shipmates in the Navy.  Your Uncle Benny says his two lads
are hung like horses, so it's all in the family.  Mind, I've no idea what
the girls get handed."

A bit embarrassed, but still interested in this amazing bit of information,
I said I didn't think I was so special in that department.

"Well, I remember exactly what I was like at your age, which is pretty much
what you are now.  By the time I was twenty or twenty-two thereabouts, I
had myself a bit of a reputation.

I didn't know what to say, this was all like a bolt from the blue and not a
subject I would have chosen to talk about with my uncle.

"I can see by your face, you think I'm kidding, don't you?  Pulling your
leg like."

I was going to say something, I don't know exactly what, when he pulled
back the covers on the bed.

I was totally shocked.  At first, I just looked at his grinning face not
daring to let my eyes wonder.  But slowly I let them drop to a heavy
muscular chest covered with a light dusting of black hair.  It swirled on
both pecs, and lead down into a line drawing my eyes lower.  His stomach
was ripped and tight, his waist trim.

The silence was deafening.  I drew up some courage and let my eyes focus on
below his stomach.  There curving across his left leg was one fat, thick
tube of a cock.

My throat went dry, really.  When I tried to speak, my voice felt like it
had gone up a couple of octaves.

"You, you mean, me. I am going to get something as big as that?" It didn't
sound like I wanted it too.  I tried again.  "It's fantastic, I can't
believe I am going to be that big."

"Well Mike looks like you are well on the way, I tell you."

Now it was the opposite way round, I couldn't look him in the face, not
being able to tear my eyes off it.  I was absolutely dumbfounded.

I didn't know what to think, really.  But staring at his dick made me feel
boiling hot, I could feel the heat radiating off my body.  My dick filled
out and got hard, but at first it was not anything I noticed being so
intent on Billy.

I did when he reached out a gave it a squeeze.

"See, I jest not."

It didn't bother me what he did, all I could think about was how big he
would be if it got hard.

"Nay, you must have had a girlfriend, maybe one that had been around a bit,
didn't she say anything?  Not been with one of those ladies you find in
every port?"

"No, no I never." I bumbled.

"How about a buddy on your ship.  You must have had a mate there?"

I didn't understand what he was saying.  But something in the back of my
mind thought the worst and instantly I knew I was as red as a beetroot.

"I, I......"  My voice refused to put together any words.

My head began to pound and then it was like Billy was miming, I couldn't
hear anything he was saying.

He reached out and grabbed my arm, pulling me down to sit beside him. The
movement cracked my ears and I began to hear again.

"Mikey, you're forgetting, I was in the Navy for years and years.  We all
had buddies or almost everyone.  There was nothing to do on most postings,
no TV, sometimes not even a bar.  So you made your own entertainment. It
was normal, nothing wrong with it.  Part and parcel of being in the Navy
since men started going out in boats.  What's his name then?"

I knew he knew, it was obvious.

"Brian."

"Same age is he?"

"Two years older than me."

"Still on the ship?"

"No, we both paid off together.  We want to get an apprenticeship together
next."

I could have curled up and died with embarrassment.

"Mikey, you ever heard of Winston Churchill?"

"Course I have, who hasn't." I was not that stupid.

"Do you know what he once said in a speech?  He was the First Lord of The
Admiralty, so he was the top dog and knew what he was doing.  In a speech
when extolling some of the virtues of a life at sea, he said "Rum, Bum and
Baccy".  Mind, it didn't go down too well with all those bloody do-gooders,
so soon got forgotten, but nevertheless, he said it, and he meant it.

I've done it, Mikey, I've done every blessed thing there is to do, and I
don't regret a single minute.  I couldn't have done all that time in the
Navy without it either.  And it made me the finest of friends a man could
have.  I know some don't go for it, but that's their business, just as what
I and you do, is mine and yours.  It didn't stop half of me mates getting
married and it didn't stop me either, god bless her soul.  Mind, you
young'uns have got more options nowadays than we had, like we were expected
to get married and all. Still, I don't regret it, only that there was not
enough time to have a family, that's all.  I would love a son like you
are. A fine young man, turning heads with his good looks."

He laughed and dug me in the ribs to break my mood.  I looked at him.  I
was being bombarded with life's secrets all in the matter of a few seconds,
it was overwhelming.

"You had a "buddy" then Billy?"

"That's what I'm trying to tell you.  God, you can be a bit dim when you
want, do I have to spell it out to you.  I had lots of buddies."

"How come you didn't keep with just one?"

"Well lad, the Navy has a nasty habit of posting you that way and posting
your mate the other, so you find another one, simple as that."

"If you could have, would you have stayed with just one?"

"Well, that's a hard one to answer.  Life is life I suppose.  You always
have someone who is extra special, but there are always others that you are
drawn to.  Can't help it, that's the way the world turns.  Why, what's all
this deep thinking questions?"

"It's just that something happened to me that got me thinking and it
bothered me a lot.  I like Brian and he likes me, but sometimes I like
going with others too."

No sooner had I finished saying the words, it was like a weight off my
shoulders. I held my breath thinking what Uncle would say.

"I think sometimes God has a real sense of humour.  He put sex and guilt
together just to balance up the good times with the bad.  You must have
heard the saying "sowing your wild oats", that's just what it means.
Getting out there when you are young and getting as much as you can.
That's the story of life Mikey, so don't start feeling guilty.  You are
only young once and you have to make the most of it.  Just remember one
thing, try not to hurt anyone while you are going about it, well not on
purpose anyway."

He grabbed his cock and thwacked it from leg to leg.

"It's got a bit rusty these last few years, but from when I left school,
sometimes life was like jumping from one bed to another.

"Why have you let it `go rusty'?"

"Truth be known, when your Aunty Margaret died, it kind of took the wind
out my sails for a long while. Then I suppose I was afraid to get close to
anyone afterwards.  And being back here, living near to family, well it was
not like the Navy where you are packed together with lots of strangers.
You know you don't have to bother what the neighbours will say.  I think I
just took up other things to compensate, like football, and then the darts
team.  I suppose I have filled my life with all kinds of other things
instead of having someone special."

"But you are still good looking. You're not fat and your body is
great. And, like you said, your dick is fantastic."

"Cooking for yourself does help to keep the fat off, I hate doing it, but I
can't walk around naked all the time to let people see how good I am.
Thanks for the dick compliment too."

Having mentioned how good his dick was, I instantly hardened up again.

"Got a mind of their own, haven't they?" He pulled my dick down to touch my
leg and then let it flick back upright.  He laughed.

"How about yours, can't it think for itself anymore?"

Not once had it even looked like it might be thinking of getting hard.

"No, doesn't seem to bother nowadays.  Forgotten how I think."

"Bet you I could get it up again," I said jokingly.

"Bet you could too, but I wouldn't want to lose money on it."

"Can I?" I wasn't sure now myself if I was still joking or not.

"Can't say it wouldn't be nice, especially how you got me thinking of my
old Navy days, but I am your Uncle even if I told you not to call me that.
Wouldn't be right would it?"

"You told me something about not to care what others think." I teased.

"You got me there, not so dumb as you make out are you." He elbowed me
again.

"Is that a yes then?" I said after a long silence.

"Don't know for sure, you could get me shot you know."

"Only if you tell someone." I countered.

"There is no guarantee you know, I was not kidding about it being rusty.
If nothing happens, you might feel bad."

"I'm game to try, - nothing ventured, nothing gained, as they say."

"You cheeky monkey."

He said no more, but eased himself a bit further down the bed and closed
his eyes.  I took that as being an `okay'.  Now I was unsure what to do
exactly.  It was not that I wanted to pounce on him, but I really did want
to see his dick hard.

"Any special preferences?" I asked him, still trying to keep the joking
going.

"It's been so long, you might have to try a few before one sparks a light,"
he sighed.

Shit, somehow it wasn't so funny now.  It really was different with him
being my Uncle.  I wasn't at all sure what to do.

Gingerly, I took hold of his dick.  It wasn't hot like I expected. But it
was heavy which surprised me.  I weighed it in my hand, wondering if dicks
could be better measured by weight than by length.  His balls easily filled
out the cup of my palm.  Did I want to have balls this big?

Gently I pulled the skin up and down, like a slow wank.  It felt good,
being so big and filling my grasp, but it was doing nothing for him.  Not
yet deterred, I slid down the bed. I would like to feel it grow in my
mouth, see how long I could keep it there before it became too big.  The
thought appealed more and more, so I opened wide and took as much as I
could.  Using my tongue, I massaged the end and underside.  Nothing much
changed, so I kept on a bit longer.  The feel of all that cock crammed into
my mouth was good, almost like a live animal.  Perhaps it was.

Changing again, this time between his legs, I used my tongue on his
balls. I could take only one at a time, and his sack fell over my face.
The soft touch of the ample folds of skin felt really nice.

Billy was making some appreciative sighs, but his dick hadn't hardened up.
There was a slight difference, but not what you would call a success.

Having got over the immediate fascination of his big balls, I lifted the
sack to weigh them mentally.  Whilst out of the way, I darted my tongue
behind and into the furrow running to his hole.

Bingo!  He groaned loudly, his hands gripped his thighs and his hips arched
slightly off the bed.  I dove in with a vengeance.

He moaned again and again as I found my target.  All the way from his balls
to his hole, my tongue set him on fire.  I checked his dick and it had
swelled considerably.  Quickly I pulled up my head and gobbled in the
crown.  The heat had begun.

His hands moved to the back of my head, swirling my hair through his
fingers.  I breathed deep and tried to drive it all the way down my throat.
It was, of course, impossible, but I enjoyed trying and loved the very
idea.  Then Billy's hips automatically began to hump, making the reality
come a lot closer.

What a dick!  When I pulled off I got my first long look at his hard
cock. As thick as a wrist and around ten inches long.  He was magnificent.
I measured it with my grasp, gently wanking it up and down.  There was no
doubt he was alive and kicking now.  The head had become silky smooth with
his leaking juice and I worked it all over the head with my fingertips.  It
became an oiled steel cylinder.

I buried my face into his ball bag, licking and sucking them.  Then I
forced my face underneath to tongue up and down his furrow.

He was moaning constantly now, which became music to my ears.  I zeroed in
on anything that would bring out a gasp louder than the last.

It hit me that I was out of control.  Having made the realisation, I
dismissed as `what the hell'.  I wanted his dick, and I wanted to make
Billy happy like he had never been these last years.

Delirious, I pulled out from between his legs and sat up.  I noticed his
chest rising and falling rapidly.  I crawled up his body and began licking
his nipples, while I rubbed my face across his chest hair.

At some point, his hard dick sandwiched between us and pressing into my
stomach re-entered my thoughts.  Then and there, I wanted it inside me.  I
wanted fucking.  I had to have his big dick inside my body.

I lifted myself up, taking hold of his cock and pointing it vertically.  I
sat down on the crown and began rotating my bum hole on the head.

"No, no Mike, not right to go so far." Billy whispered.

"It's okay, it's what I want.  Just do it!"

"You really sure?" he gasped.

I jammed my butt down hard on his cock in answer, forcing the head to enter
and momentarily making me wish I had not been to brazen.  It stung like
hell for a minute. I kept working my hips in circles to loosen up, and
every so often putting my weight down and force a bit more inside.

The more I felt stretched, the more I wanted it.  Fuck, I wanted it coming
out of my mouth the craving was so bad.

"Fuck Billy, fuck me.  Fuck my arse Billy, I want you to give me a good
fucking. Come on Billy, give it me.  Please."

From being the passive one, he began to hump.  I caught his rhythm and
braced myself hard against each of his pushes.  Bit by bit, he buried
himself inside.

At the same time, it was bliss and it really killed.  Finally, I got to be
sitting straight onto his hips and stopped to take a rest, leaning forward
onto his chest.

"Bring your knees up behind me," I told him.

"Now, I'm fine.  Just do me and don't hold back.  It's what I want."

Slowly his hips began to rise and fall.  At first, he was gentle perhaps
fearing he would damage me.  I whispered how good he felt and urged him to
do it faster and harder.  His strong arms wrapped themselves around my back
and held me fast.  Gradually his speed increased.  His hips slamming into
the cheeks of my arse faster and faster.  I thought if his arms were not
holding me, I would burst apart from the pressure of his cock.

"Billy, it's good.  Don't stop, don't stop."

He slammed into me like a machine gun.  My mind just floated away in
ecstasy.

He fair screamed as he came.  The feel of his hot juice spewing inside and
the mental picture of his massive dick filling up my arse, I went over the
top and emptied myself over his stomach and chest at the same time.

We lay in the same position for some while.  Eventually, we rolled, still
held together, onto our sides.

"I think I found a few sparks there," I smirked.

"Bloody firework display more like."

"Was that up to your old standard?" I asked.

"Couldn't say, been too long, but it set a new one as far as I'm
concerned."

"In plain language, was it good or what?"

"Bloody fantastic Mikey.  Can't tell you how good that felt.  Honest, you
made me feel alive again. Un-bloody-believable!"

"Right then, I give you ten minutes for a cup of tea, then I want it
again." I laughed.

"First you bring me alive, now you want to kill me again."

"Too old are we now."

He jammed his hips hard, winding me with his still hard cock.

"Ouch!" I pretended hurt, but I clamped my arse muscles onto his cock and
began massaging.  "Not only did you get me up and running, you little
whipper-snapper, you got me to stay hard too.  Miracles indeed."

"So, don't waste it. Do it again."

"You're not kidding either are you?" he laughed.

"No I'm not, I'd love a second run.  Usually, they are better than the
first."

 "There talks a man of experience! But not in the same position if you
will, I would like to be a bit more in charge, so to speak."

With that, he rolled me onto my back and sat up on his knees.  My legs were
lifted onto his shoulders as he now leant over above.

I looked down my body to see his big cock slowly slide in and out of my
hole as he started another bout. The sight never failed to amaze.  My eyes
then ran up his body, looking at the muscles flexing and working over his
stomach and chest.  He was strength incarnate.

We fucked again.  His cock fucked hard, but the rest of him was as gentle
as a lamb.  I envied those friends and buddies he had had in the Navy.

Again I came when he did.  I had not thought to touch myself at all, yet
just through bodily and mental stimulation, I was exactly in tune with him
to the second.

Mind the bed was a right mess with all the goo and sweat.  So much so that
after we finished, we thought it better to sleep in mine.  Thoroughly
exhausted, we slipped across into the clean cold bed, cuddled up and were
quickly asleep.

Chapter 4

Billy's alarm clock drummed into my brain.  At first, I didn't realise what
all the commotion was about but as Billy stirred, I understood.  I am
always horny in the morning and this day was no exception.  I was hoping
Billy would do a repeat of last night before he left for work.

But no, he was an animal of habit and no sooner had the thought crossed my
mind, he slid out of bed and headed for the bathroom.  I lay there
listening to his shower, idly playing my dick and thinking of last night.
Boy, did I enjoy it!  I really hoped it was not a one-off and he would do
it again, preferably soon.  I was just starting to jack off to thoughts of
his cock being jammed up my arse when he came back from the shower and
started to dress.

"What time do you get home from work?"

"Around four on a Friday, I'll leave the back door key on the mantelpiece,
so you can come and go as you please."

After he went down stairs, I had lost the urge to finish myself off and
decided to clean up in the bathroom.  I slipped on some new underwear and
padded down to the kitchen where Billy was finishing off breakfast and
scanning the morning's newspaper.  I went over and made myself some coffee.

"Catch your death walking around like that," he remarked.

"Do you mind?" I asked.  I had no idea really what were his public kind of
morals.  Maybe he had neighbours in the habit of coming around or
something.

"Not in the slightest.  Quite a good view to be honest."

I looked at him grinning.

"How are you this morning?" he continued with some concern.

"Fine and not fine."

"How come?"

I looked, wondering exactly how to say it.

"Fine, last night was terrific, it really was. But not fine, I got an itch
that didn't get scratched this morning."

He laughed out loud.

"You serious?"

"Yes I am, why not?  I said I enjoyed it, and of course, I would like
more...... Please!"

He laughed again and gave me the eye.

"I can see you are going to be a right load of trouble.  Anyway, I got
work, not like some who have nothing to do but laze around all day."

He got up to put his plate in the sink.

"Never mind all that, I will clean up today.  Anything you want me to do?"

"No, well perhaps you can go to the shop and get some milk, I think we are
nearly out."

He was dead serious, but I was sure that was a bulge in the front of his
pants.  As he had come towards me at the sink, I groped him.  It made him
jump, but there beneath the fabric was one hard cock.

"Don't go to work like this Billy, you might have an accident with your
mind on other things.  Got all the milk we need right here."

"You're trying to make me late, aren't you?"

"No, just hoping you won't be an old `straightjacket' and can have some fun
first.  Bet you've not been late for work in years, have you?"

I could see his mind turning over.  I reached down and massaged his cock,
then dropped to my knees and slid down the zip.  Somehow I knew he wouldn't
stop me.

The pants eased down over his hips and fell to his ankles.  Pulling out his
cock from the underwear, I took it straight in my mouth.  Fresh and
smelling of soap, I greedily swallowed all I was able.  Gradually he began
to hump as his feeling got the better of his normal good sense.

I desperately wanted to feel him come in my mouth, but even more, I wanted
him to fuck me once again.  I pulled off and shucked off my underpants.

Leaning to the table, I swiped my finger through the butter dish and rubbed
it over his cock and into my arse.  I was actually a bit sore this morning,
giving me a real itch with the tender skin around my hole.  But it was
worth every second last night and it would have to be a lot worse to make
me think again.

Billy didn't say a word as I turned around and swept the plates and
breakfast things up the table to one end.  I leant across it, holding on to
the edges and parted my legs.

"Well I'll be, what a beautiful sight, what a beautiful bum you have."

He shuffled up behind and teased the end of his cock over my tender spot.
The butter made short work of easing inside and in moments, his hairy
thatch was scratching the cheeks of my bum.

It felt brilliant.  I think it was the best feeling of a dick up me yet.  I
loved it, I really did.  No rusty Billy anymore, he was now as eager as I.

As each shove moved me up the table, something hit my face. I opened my
eyes to the Marmalade jar.  "Chivers' Thick Cut Old English Marmalade".  I
was nuts, whilst my Uncle was screwing me for all he was worth, I was
reading the print on a marmalade label.

"Fuck, I'm toast," I blurted out.

"What's that?" he gasped.

"I got Marmalade at one end and butter at the other, I'm toast."

I thought it so funny, but it was lost on Billy and he only grunted.

My stupid joke ended as he got to the short strokes.  It hurt but it was a
good hurt as he pounded me for all he was worth.

Grunting like a bull, he rammed up inside and held still while he emptied
his juices.  The hotness bursting through my guts made me swoon. Shit! I
loved it.

Billy was coming back from the bathroom by the time I lifted myself off the
table.  I hadn't come this time and it was stuck up like a flagpole.

He saw as I turned around.

"Mike, I'm going to take care of that for you, but not right now.  I really
have to fly or else I'll be for it at work."

"It's okay.  I came in my head a thousand times already, so I'm really
floating."

I pulled up my underwear as he flew out the kitchen.  I shouted to him from
the door as he went down the garden path.

"Be careful at work today Billy.  I know your mind will be elsewhere."

He looked back horrified.

"Do you mind not hanging out like that.  Giving the neighbours something to
talk about."

Although he sounded mad, he was grinning from ear to ear.

I wiggled my hips from side to side.  He rolled his eyes up into his head
in mock despair and turning away, quickly walked out the garden gate.

I closed the door and finished off my coffee before going back upstairs.  I
still had to jerk off before I could think about what to do today.

Chapter 5

It was ten before I woke up again.  After a nice hot shower, I walked
around to see my Mom. She was in the kitchen ironing, and evidently not in
a good mood.

"I haven't planned on cooking anything now if that's what you want."

"No Mom, I'm okay."

"I hope you are being good at your Uncle Billy's.  Minding your manners,
don't show us up for God's sake."

"No Mom."

"And don't make a mess for him. There's only him and he won't want to come
home from work and clean up after you."

"No Mom."

"Where you sleeping, in his spare room?"

"No Mom, in his room, in the spare twin."

"Oh!" she sounded surprised.

"He said I could have the spare room, but it's full of junk right now and I
won't be staying that long, so it would be a lot of work for nothing to get
it cleaned out."

"I suppose so.  Well just remember he has a job to go to and make sure you
are in bed when he is, don't go disturbing him by watching TV late on."

"No mom."  She was dead right, I should be in bed when he was.

"And make yourself useful while you are there, do his shopping for him if
he needs any."

"I already asked." Happy to have beaten her on that one.

"Oh, right then, seems like you're all fixed up." She said as if running
out of things to try and catch me on.

And that's how it was.  By the time I had a coffee I was ready to leave, it
was all too depressing being there.  I called up Chris to see if he was
free, ask him if he wanted to go downtown and do some shopping with me. I
needed to buy some jeans, shirts and underwear, well everything really.
Luckily he was.

I bought a heap of stuff, and Chris came back to Billy's to help carry it.
Billy was already home and watching TV.  Whilst shopping I saw some joke
underwear with sexy cartoons on them.  I chose one with a big phallic bull
and I would give it to Billy later for a laugh.  I told Chris it was for
me, told him that was what I was down there.  Before leaving, we arranged
to go down the pub later on and meet with the others. As it was Friday, I
hoped a lot of old mates would be out.

I made something for dinner, surprising Billy that I knew how to switch a
cooker on.  After watching a bit of telly, I got changed to go out.  Billy
said he would probably see me there later.

"Take your key just in case, and don't come home drunk crashing about."

"Nah, I don't drink." I joked, going out the door.  Then I popped my head
back again.  "Got something for you in town, it's on your pillowcase.  I
want to see you in them later."

I didn't give him time to say anything and bolted out the door.

Down the pub was more of last night.  Only the place was busier, but the
same conversations.  Again I felt deflated and to start with, couldn't get
into sync with many of the friends I met.  Perhaps it was a case of
expectations, but eventually, the joke telling of Pete livened things up
once a few beers had gone down.  Even so, we were almost the last to leave
at closing time.  Billy must have stayed home and watched the box.

Outside we had a discussion on what to do next.  Eventually, Harry went off
home and Chris said he would too.  Pete thought that was not so good for a
Friday night.  He said we should go back to his place for a couple more
beers and watch some late night movie.  Chris changed his mind, so the
three of us walked around to Pete's house.  We got the warning before going
in not to make too much noise with his parents already being in bed.

I enjoyed the chat and drinks at Pete's more than the whole evening in the
pub.  It was more like old times again, being part of the conversation and
not just listening to someone else's.  The movie finished around one thirty
and Pete asked if we wanted to stay.  Chris thought it better, not wanting
the wrath of his folks if he woke them up going in at this hour. I thought
of Billy too, he had work Saturday mornings.  So we both said yes.

The orders were to tip-toe upstairs, but first, have a pee outside the back
door and not use the toilet, so the flushing wouldn't wake anyone up.  The
things we have to do when living at home!

Pete had a double bed in his room so nobody had to kip on the floor or
anything.  He quickly got out of his gear and jumped into bed.

"This is my side, you two choose who sleeps in the middle."

I didn't want to be on the outside and have all the sheets pulled off, so I
was soon following Pete and jumped in the middle.  Chris didn't seem to
mind the one place left, so we were alright.

"And no farting" ordered Pete as he snuggled down.

We laughed and luckily I at least didn't have the urge.  The bed was big
enough, Chris being quite small, there was space enough without touching
each other.  In minutes, Pete's breathing said he was away and I was not
too far behind.

Chapter 6

The morning saw me awake first.  I could hear Pete with his back to me,
still drawing long slow breaths.  My planning hadn't worked too well, he
had swiped most of the sheets leaving half of me and all of Chris exposed,
but as I was nice and warm, it didn't bother me now.  On my right, Chris
had curled up into my side.  He head was just below my armpit and one arm
draped over my chest. I stared at the ceiling thinking for a while, not
wanting to wake anyone up just yet

After some time like that, I had the urge to move onto my side.  I tried to
do so slowly so as not to disturb Chris.  The movement seemed to startle
him, his body jumped and his arm gripped my chest for a moment.  Perhaps he
was having a bad dream.  After fidgeting a little, he settled down again,
his upper leg hooking over mine.  Now I felt locked into place which I
didn't like.

I looked down, watching him sleeping so peacefully.  As I studied him, he
heaved a sigh and momentarily gripped me again in a cuddle before relaxing.
His groin moved against my thigh and the heat was quite noticeable.  I
realised he had a morning hard on.

Intrigued, I took out my arm from behind my head and laid it down my thigh.
Getting daring, I let my little finger reach out blindly.  Beneath the
cotton of the briefs, I felt the tip of his cock.  Gently I traced it down
to the root, then from side to side.  He was hot and certainly hard, but
not very big.  After a minute or two, my interest waned and instead, I
found myself thinking of Billy.  I thought again how he had done me on
Thursday night and yesterday morning, and I wondered how long it would be
before I would receive another good stuffing.  Yet strangely, I had no
fantasy at all of me doing him.

Chris moved and I thought he was waking. He began to turn away as if
rolling onto his back, but then suddenly came back against me.  I was
almost going to shove him off when I realised that his groin was now square
on top of my hand.  Slowly I began to pull my hand out, not wanting him to
wake up and find it there, maybe thinking something bad.  His cock twitched
at my slightest movement and made him hump against my thigh.  I tried to
open my legs so as to push him away and give me some space, but that only
allowed his to fall between mine completely.

I wondered what he would say when I told him he was trying to screw my leg.
Being Chris, he would think it was one of my bad jokes, and probably
everyone else would too. You didn't think things like that of Chris.  But
here he was having some kind of sexy dream and pushing himself into my
thigh and hand.

If I couldn't move, there was some fun to be had instead.  I had become
horny thinking of Billy and my cock was barely contained in my briefs.
Gently, I lifted Chris's arm off my chest and moved it down, placing it on
my briefs and covering my cock.  I pulled the sheet over my lower stomach
just in case anyone walked in the room.  Then I closed my eyes and thought
about Billy once more.  I knew my cock was twitching now, and so would
Chris when he woke up.  That should be a good laugh!

I must have dozed off into my own sexy dream world of Billy's bedroom.
Some movement brought me out of it, and at first, I just presumed it was
Chris fidgeting or whatever.  I tried to get the imagery of sex with Billy
going again and not let anything intrude till my mental escapade had
finished.

Very slowly a realisation came that I was far hornier than my dream would
have made me.  In my dream, Billy had suddenly started playing with my
cock, but when he moved around the back of me, the cock playing
continued. Dreams are like that, but this didn't fit.  The dream stopped
over something, but the cock playing continued.  I had altogether forgotten
about putting Chris's hand on my briefs.  But I understood now.  He was
gently squeezing and feeling my cock as I had his some time back.  I didn't
move and kept my breathing as even as I possibly could, wondering what he
would do.

Like me, he was using his fingertips, but either curiosity or boldness got
the better of him and he moved his hand so he could explore all.  Had I
been in deep sleep, I would never have known, just as I was sure he hadn't
known when I felt him.  I realised my hand was still in the same place.  He
was making me more and more horny with his gentle touches and I couldn't
resist ever so slightly moving my fingers that were sandwiched between us.
His cock twitched sharply in response.

After half a minute, I moved again with the same consequence.  It didn't
stop his exploration though.

What did, was Pete yawning and stretching.  Chris froze and I continued to
pretend sleep.  Slowly Pete sat up and scratched himself, then stood and
left the bedroom.  I heard him go to the bathroom and lock the door.

Chris's hand moved a little. I brought my free hand down over his trapping
it, and roughly scratched my balls.  I could feel him try and pull away.  I
smiled to myself.  Keeping my hand square over his, I scratched my dick
using his hand.  I think I could hear his heart beating in shear panic.

"Morning Chris," I whispered.

I stretched and yawned, again rubbing my dick with his hand, which I had
now to grip hard to stop him yanking it away.

"I always like to wake up with a hard-on, always makes me feel it's going
to be a good day."

He was silent.

"You feeling my raging Bull then?" referring to the sexy cartoon on the
underwear I had bought with him.

"Go on, have a look at him, he won't bite you know."

I pushed down the top of my briefs, letting my dick spring up to attention.

"Now you can feel," I said, putting his hand directly on it.

He was mortified I'm sure, but I couldn't see the expression on his face as
his head was still lower than mine.

To even things up a bit, I cupped the palm of my other hand around his
dick.

"We like the same things in the morning I feel."

He might be scared, but his dick was still hard and twitched in my hold.

Chris cleared his throat.  "Mike, you are so big. I never saw one as big as
this before."

His tone was making an excuse.  Keeping my hand over his, I moved it up and
down the shaft a few times.

"Do that and it will come even bigger."

I took my hand away allowing him to let go if he wanted.  He didn't.
Gingerly his hand made a couple of slow travels up and down before
squeezing the shaft to test my hardness.

"How about my balls, what do you think of them?"

His hand went between my legs and fondled them.  I moved slightly up the
bed and towards him, pushing his head down level with my groin.

"Have a look at them, what do you think.  Are they big?"

His throat cleared again. "They are like eggs, you know, like from the
shops."

"Good aren't they? I get some nice compliments for my tackle."

 "You're so big", he said again in wonderment.

His hand stayed slowly toyed my balls and sack.  I took hold of my cock and
slid my hand up and down the shaft, to show it off.  It must have looked
gigantic only inches away from his face.  I remember being in the same
position for the first time. I had only seen my cock from like three feet
away till then.  Close up a cock looks a hundred times bigger than how you
are used to seeing.

Playfully I slapped his face with it, then pressed it into his cheek.

"Feel how hot they get, it's like there is a furnace inside."

He murmured something in surprise. I moved closer by an inch or so and laid
it from the middle of his forehead to chin.

"Big aren't they when they are like this, like looking through a
microscope."

"Massive," I heard him whisper.

I thought if he could see Billy he would shit himself.  Shit, Billy!  I was
getting horny just saying his name.  I stroked myself hard a few times,
showing off to Chris.

"Shit, even I can feel it getting hot now", I said.

I pressed it onto his face again, first on one cheek then the other.

Suddenly, a flush swept over me.  Messing around here in Pete's bed was
really dangerous and exciting.  I pushed the end of my cock to his lips.
For the first time, he jumped back.

"No, no I can't." he whispered, looking up.

"Try it Chris, see how hot it feels when it's in your mouth."

I pushed it to his lips again, but he made to back away.  With my other
hand, I pushed his head and wiped my cock across his lips. He kept them
shut.

I let go of my cock and slipped one finger between his lips, then two.  He
allowed that.  His eyes met mine questioningly.  I nodded it was okay.  He
let me pull down his lower jaw.  Easing forward, I guided my cock between
his lips.

Slowly, I humped the end into his mouth, at the same time pushing his head
to meet it and start a slow gentle rhythm.  His resistance lasted all of
ten seconds before his natural curiosity or instinct took over.

Chris hadn't a clue how to do a good job, but the whole situation was
unbelievably arousing. It took only moments before my balls began to churn
and I could feel myself come to the boil.

Then I heard Pete flush the toilet.  I began to hump faster into Chris.
Another second and I heard the tap open and close as I pictured him washing
his hands.  My juice started to rise.  Another two seconds and I heard the
lock on the bathroom door being drawn aside.  I humped harder into Chris.
The bathroom door squeaked open and then softly closed once more.  I was
cuming, my breath came short and I began to blow.  I pressed Chris hard
onto my cock as the first spasm erupted.  Pete would be walking down the
landing now, one step. Another blast of cum into Chris. Another step, and
another blast. Two more steps and he would be at the bedroom door.  I
blasted again, then again and I still there was more to come.  I couldn't
release Chris, but I knew I should.  The handle didn't turn on the bedroom
door.  Thank God, he must have stopped to scratch his arse before entering
the bedroom. The last bolt fired into Chris and I exhaled a sigh of relief.

The door handle turned as I let go of Chris's head. He twisted away and
threw his body into the bed, burying his head in the pillow.

Pete walked in still looking bleary eyed.

"Awake now are you?" he asked.

I groaned and stretched as if just waking.

"Yeah.  Pete, I would love a cup of coffee."

"Me too. I'll go down and make some."

"Okay, that's great.  I'll be down in a minute."

He put on some shorts and a tee-shirt and ambled out the door.

Chris didn't move.  Obviously, he was really upset.  But I knew there must
have been something there for him to be playing with my cock when he
thought I was sleeping.

"Chris?"

He said nothing.  I reached over and pulled him onto his back.  He put his
arm across his face so that I couldn't see him.

"It's okay Chris.  I'll do you if you want."

I put my hand down to his briefs and slid under the elastic.  I wanted him
to know I would do the same, keep it equal.  His cock was still rock hard.
I held it in my hand and gave it a little squeeze, hoping he would tell me
to suck him or something.  It was now getting awkward and I had to try and
rescue the situation.

He gave a groan and for a second I thought he was crying.  Then his body
shook and convulsed, and my hand was drenched in a torrent of cum.  He went
rigid, his shoulders and legs rising off the bed he came so hard.  It
looked almost painful and he was moaning constantly.  His arm stayed
covering his face.

What a mess. I couldn't believe such a little guy could make so much. It
was all over my hand and soon his briefs were wet through across the front.

"Chris, that was some orgasm, a real earthquake!"

I felt he was totally embarrassed by everything.

"Shit Chris, I wish I could cum as much as this, you are amazing."

He stirred, slowly raising his hand away from his face.  I looked at him
and smiled.

"You're a real geyser, this is fantastic."

I'm sure the last thing he expected to hear from me was praise.  I removed
my hand from the briefs, covered in his juices.  As he watched, I brought
them to my face and licked them clean.  His eyes nearly popped out of his
head.

"Wow, creamy Chris, you taste good too."

He looked shocked.

"What's wrong?  I don't mind a bit of juice, supposed to be good for you.
Anyway, you're my mate.  You just tasted me so I got to taste you, right?
What was mine like anyway?"

"It was er....it was alright I suppose," he stammered.

"I always jerk off in a morning, don't you?" I asked, trying to get him
talking.  "It's the best time for me, how about you?"

"Yeah, I do it most mornings." He paused a moment.  "And most nights too."

"How about lunch times, you ever do it then?"

At last, a smile came to his face.

"Sometimes."

"Come on, let's get up and go down for that coffee." I nudged.

"Mike, what am I going to do with all this?" he said pointing to his soiled
underwear.

They were really wet through and the smell of bleach was heavy in the air.

"If I were you, I would clean your body with the dry bit at the back, and
then flush them down the toilet.  If you keep them on, Pete's Mom will know
what's been happening when you go downstairs. You know Mom's, they know
everything.  Just pull on your jeans, should feel good anyway without
underwear."

He smiled again.  Then he slipped them off and started to wipe his groin.
As I watched, suddenly it dawned on me what a great body he had.  Funny I
hadn't realised before. I always saw him as he was in school I suppose, but
whilst his face had remained the same for me, his body had matured into
something quite excellent.  Nothing like one of those workout guys, but a
classic natural shape.

I walked around him and was struck by something else.  His arse was
beautiful too. Sculptured curves on a compact body, well shown off by his
narrow waist.  Small, but perfectly symmetrical.

"Chris, you know something, you really have a great body."

He looked up surprised.

"Nah, not me, wish I was more like you."

But I could see he was pleased.

The more I looked, the more enamoured I became.  Especially his arse. I'm
not one for arses, they are just part of the overall shape. Its faces and
cocks that hold my interest.  Chris's was the first one I had ever noticed
for being something of a wonder.

I stood there gawping as he continued to try and find a dry piece of the
cloth big enough to use.  My cock began to get hard again.  I stepped up
close so that he stopped and looked first at my cock and then at me.

"Shit Chris, I'm getting horny just looking at you."

"You've just cum two minutes ago! You can't want to cum again so quick!"

"I shouldn't, but I do."

I stroked myself bringing it to full stand.

"We got to be quick though or Pete will come looking for us."

He looked at me amazed. I began beating my cock hard.

"Chris, get down and lick my balls, I'll cum really quick that way."

"What? Mike, no, not again. Pete might come in." he pleaded.

I reached out putting my hand on his shoulder and pushing him down on his
knees.  He didn't go easily, but neither did he step away.

"Lick em Chris."

"What?" he said in disbelief.

I realised he was totally without experience.  I pulled him up and dropped
to my knees instead.  Lifting his dick out the way, I pushed my face into
his balls and started to lick them, which immediately drew a gasp.

"Like that, makes me cum really quick."

I took his soft cock in my mouth for a second, to show him I didn't mind
that either, before standing and reversing our positions for another try.

"Come on Chris, just try it. I'm going to do you after, so you'll get to
know exactly how amazing it is."

I pulled his head into my balls and wanked myself furiously.  Slowly he
began to lick which sent waves of excitement racing through me.  We were
really sailing close to the edge again.

"That's fantastic Chris, work your tongue into the sack."

He warmed to the job making my juices flow double quick.  They began to
build and build as I looked down and watched him with his new found job.

"Wow Chris, that's really great, I'm going to cum any second now."

His eyes met mine.  I opened my mouth wide and gestured.  He knew what I
wanted.  His face took on a frightened look and his eyes pleaded with mine.
I smiled and nodded it was okay.

When I was close, I pulled his head away from my balls and pushed the end
of my cock to his lips.  His eyes hadn't left mine for a second.  I pushed
harder forcing his mouth to widen and accept me.  My cock reached the back
of his mouth.  I felt his tongue wash the underside.

"I'm going to cum now Chris, suck me hard."

He looked like he was going to cry.  When the first gush went into him, his
eyes lost their focus. On the second, they went up into his head and he
speared himself on my cock, sucking furiously.

He was converted.

As soon as I was empty, I had to pull him off.  I gave my dick a last
squeeze forcing up a final glob to the slit.  Chris darted forward to lick
it up.  Then he stood looking embarrassed at what we had done.  Quickly I
dropped to my knees and took his now hard cock in my mouth.  I liked the
way I didn't have to watch out for choking and realised there was some
merit in not having a gigantic tool.  It probably wouldn't cause my arse
any grief either.

I fondled his hairless balls and the tops of his legs.  His skin was really
soft and smooth, something I hadn't come across till now.  I did my very
best to make it great for him, maybe we could do this again if he really
enjoyed it.  I spit on my fingers and ran them up the crevice behind his
balls.  Just feathering the skin, nothing more.  When they passed over his
hole, I could feel his arse muscles working overtime.  I let one fingertip
circle around and was amazed at the way it felt like it would be snapped
off!  God, I wonder what he could do with my dick up there.

Moments later, my mouth was filled with an amazing amount of sweet juice.
Chris spasmed and his whole body went rigid. His legs quivered like plucked
guitar strings as he visibly shook and had trouble standing.  To keep
steady he leant onto my shoulders where his fingers dug into my flesh as
his orgasm exploded.  Soon as he calmed, I let him slip from my mouth.

"Wow Chris, you certainly know how to cum."

Uncomfortable, he looked down sheepishly.

"Shit, your juice does taste good, almost sweet. Yummy, yummy."

I got him laughing as we finished dressing.

"You know, I've got a new nickname for you now."

"What's that?" he asked worriedly.

"Creamy.  Creamy Chris."

"Don't you say a bloody word, someone is bound to ask about it and
something will come out."

He was right of course, but I continued to tease him. As we were almost
ready to go down, I asked him.

"Chris, you ever had sex with anyone yet?"

"I nearly got some with Karen from 5th year if you remember her, but she
wouldn't go all the way.  Been nothing since then." He answered dejectedly.

"Someone's missing something great with you."

"Think so?" he asked.

"I know so.  Shit, it was so hot what we did, just think if we had plenty
of time."

He looked at me curiously.

I made a follow-up. "You enjoyed that, right?"

"Yes", he said quietly.

"All of it?" I pushed on.

His eyes dropped away from mine and he busied himself with his sneakers.  I
barely caught another `yes'.

"Imagine Chris, we just messed around, but if we like did it both at the
same time, that's really amazing. Ten times better than what we just did."

He looked back.  After a moment he said. "Yeah, kind of a double whammy."
His eyes fixed on something in the distance for a moment.

"What you doing this afternoon?" I asked.

"Nothing, why?"

Billy is going to watch the football match, why don't you come around to
his place. Maybe we can have some fun."

I thought I had overstepped the mark, for at first, he didn't say anything.
I silently kicked myself for pushing too hard.  Maybe I was on the wrong
track, for when he did speak, it was a surprise.

"Mike, you know I've fantasised off a million times thinking of what it's
like having sex.  But when I came now, it was nothing like when I jack off.
I never had an orgasm like that when I do it myself. I thought my head was
going to come off or something."

"You have never had sex, period Chris. You need some lessons. As the Boy
Scouts say, `Be Prepared'.  Come by this afternoon and let's have a mess
around, just for a laugh."

Chris had finished dressing and picked up his underwear, ready to flush
down the toilet.

"Okay, see you this `aft." He said a little apprehensively.

I gave a silent cheer!



Any comments are welcome to John, bokjay123@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sat, 9 Sep 2017 13:37:52 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen5-Baltimore, The Aftermath - 5 of 7 - Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Able Semen 5 - Baltimore, The Aftermath
By John -- bokjay123@hotmail.com

Part 1

The day after the birthday party I felt like shit.  I saw Brian and Barry
at lunch and they were just the same, in fact, I don't think we hardly ate
a thing.  Later after work, I went straight to my cabin and crawled into
bed for an early night.

The next day we were heading up the coast and the air was getting
distinctly chilly.  I still didn't feel too good though, my stomach kept
churning up every so often making me think I was going to be sick.  In my
cabin that evening I took a long hot shower, really letting my skin open up
in the heat.  I took my time getting cleaned up and whilst in front of the
mirror, bent over to see my ass.  The kind of thing I don't do too
often. It had been a bit sore after what had happened; so I just wanted to
look see.

I almost shit myself then and there.  The top of my thighs and all around
my ass and scrotum were bright red.  Now that I could see, it felt tender
as I touched around the area.  Funny that I hadn't really been aware of it
before.  I didn't think it could have been with the hot shower, but on the
other hand I couldn't imagine what it might be.

When I went to bed, it was still on my mind and now knowing it was tender
it became the only thing I could think about.  I grew a bit scared.

The following morning it was much worse.  Even worse, I could feel my
shorts chaffing the skin so I had to kind of waddle about.  The more I
thought about it, the more frightened I was, almost sure it must be
something to do with what had happened at the ship's party.

Aware it was somehow connected, I didn't want to go to the ships medic but
instead thought Norman would be the first call.  After breakfast was
finished, I asked him if I could come to talk to him.

A little later, I knocked on his cabin door.

"Oh Mike, come on in pet." He held the door and beckoned me in.

Immediately I became distracted from my reason of being there.  I was
expecting to see a cabin like mine or Brians, but I was astonished as I
looked around.  I think the right word is boudoir or something.  He had his
couple of chairs trimmed out in matching covers, as was his bed and
curtains across the porthole.  Even his bedside table was fitted with
matching mats like the chairs.  The turned down bed cover revealed
coordinated pillows.  What a transformation!

"Now sit down and make yourself at home.  Tell your Uncle Norm what the
problem is.  You must have a problem to come here and see me, right?"

"Yes, I do.  I'm really scared.  I think something happened to me at that
party in Baltimore."

I knew I would have to tell him everything.  But where to begin?  I held my
silence.

"Well, I can't help you until I know what the problem is, so spit it out,
dear."

He was wearing some grubby shorts and vest, having just being done with the
breakfasts.  My eyes kept homing in on his fat stomach hanging over the
waistband.  As he waltzed about his cabin the effect was really off-putting
and I didn't know whether to laugh at him or cry over my problem.

So I told him everything.  He sat there and never interrupted. He just
looked shocked and patted my knee for comfort when I got to the real nasty
bit about the crew in the cabin.  By the time I had finished, he looked
like he was going to cry.

I finished and waited for his reaction.

 "Oh, my poor little Mike!" He got up from his chair and hugged me, patting
the back of my head just like my mom did when I was a kid and had fallen
off my bike.

"So why have you come to tell me all this?" He didn't quite understand why
I had chosen this time to tell him all about the party.

"Yesterday I found the top of my legs all in a rash and this morning, it's
as sore as hell.  I thought you would know what the problem is."

"So you can put two and two together and you think it's because of your
escapades with the crew, do you.  Well, let's have a look then, get out of
your stuff and I'll take a decko."

I dropped my shorts and briefs and stood there whilst he got his glasses.
He pulled up a chair behind me and sat to make the examination.

After a few moments, he said "It's no good like this, get on the bed."

Before I did though, he pulled some cushions and pillows together in a heap
in the middle and told me to lie over them, so as to expose my ass to the
light.  Pulling my legs apart, he gently prodded the inflamed skin making
me jump at his touch.

"My, my, my, what has been going on here?" he said to himself as he started
the examination.

His tone made me more frightened than ever.

"Why, what's the matter?" I said in some panic.

"You found a new game using beer bottles or something?" he said touching
around my hole.

"What's happened?" I gasped.

"You look a bit bruised that's all, don't get your knickers in a twist
young man.  Mind, that doesn't come as any surprise does it, with what you
just told me."

He clipped my bum like I was a bad boy.

"I once got this," he said knowingly, "So I know what will do the trick."

"Would that be an asshole like the Mersey Tunnel or the rash you are
talking about?

"Look Mr. Butter-wouldn't-melt-in-his-mouth.  If you want my experienced
attention, you better put a sock in the insults."

We both giggled!

I could hear him sorting through his medicine box, and then he came back to
the bed and sat between my legs.  I was thinking how hard it would be to go
to the medic with this, but I felt fine with Norman examining my most
intimate parts, as he had already done a few times already.

"Let me rub this on for you now, then you can do it morning and night after
you have showered.  I think you will find it very soothing and it should
get rid of the discomfort quickly if I'm not much mistaken."

His hand gently rubbed the cool ointment around the tops of my legs.  It
was all very comforting and made me relax totally.  After being so worried,
now everything was going to be alright again. With all the tension lifted,
I almost felt giddy.

He took his time, doing one leg and then the other.  He asked if he was
hurting and which parts of my legs and bum gave the most pain.  Once he had
got started though, the pain and burning sensation seemed to evaporate.
After my legs, he rubbed the cream into my ass cheeks and over my arsehole.

I squirmed, first for making me jump and then with the nice feeling taking
hold as his fingers worked all along my crack.  A gasp of pleasure escaped
my lips.

"Feeling better are we?"

"I told you before Norman, you should be doing massage, not working in a
hot steaming kitchen."

"Chance would be a fine thing.  I know I've been made to give pleasure in
this world, just I didn't know it would be through a man's stomach. Hoped
it would be something a bit more exotic."

I grunted as his fingers worked their magic around the lips of my arsehole,
it was turning me on whether I liked it or not.

He brought me out of it.  "You been to the loo since the other night?"

I hadn't thought about it, but now he had asked, "No I haven't."  I started
to get worried again.

"Not surprising really, is it?  Not if you had all those up there.  There
are little tricks you have to learn if you are going to go around giving
little performances like that you know."

"Norman, I didn't go looking for it, you make it sound like I went as asked
for all them to fuck me."

"Well I don't know about you dear, but I can't say that I wouldn't have if
I was in your shoes!  Plenty of lovely swarthy hot Latino's."

He made me laugh with some of the stuff he came out with.

"Well, one thing's for sure, if you haven't been for 3 days it's going to
be like spitting bricks.  I'm going to put some cream up your chute so that
when you go, it will be smooth and painless and not like razor blades.
After I'm done here, you can take a mouth full of something I have that
will also make it easy.  You learn these things, they take out the bumps in
the road if you get my drift, so there's nothing to regret from a good
night on the town."

He put more cream on his fingers and I felt the coldness as a digit made
its way up my chute.

"What is it you are putting on there exactly"

"It's an antibiotic cream.  Good stuff too, you can't buy it over the
counter, well not in England you can't, but I order it in through the medic
on the stores list."

"Certainly feels soothing, the burning sensation is already going down I
think."

I felt his finger deep inside, applying the cream to my innards.  He
touched that spot that gave me another kind of itch.  I could feel my dick
swell and fill out.  I had to try and fight the feeling.

"Fuck Norman! Even that feels good."  I said more to myself but of course,
he heard it.

"Like it do we? Well, nothing queer in that is there." His other hand
slapped my bum.

"Ouch," I cried.

"Keep quiet, nobody else is going to do this for you, you are not that well
liked you know."

I laughed, but then involuntarily pushed against his probing finger.  He
was turning me on something rotten.

When he withdrew his finger I regretted it.  But it was only to squeeze out
more cream and he slowly pushed it back again.

A gave a sigh of relief when it was back inside.

Although I tried to keep still so he could do his medication, I found it
impossible.  Something else was making me clench against his finger when he
touched my special place, and I just couldn't help pushing out my ass
against his hand.

"Getting hot are we dear?"

"Fuck, yes Norman, sorry but I can't help it, whatever you are doing feels
really good."

"Well, I'm only trying to help after all."

His finger passed over the spot yet again and I groaned in ecstasy, burying
my head into the bed cover to try and keep myself quiet.

My cock was throbbing, squashed against my stomach and the bed.  I was
quickly losing control, not being able to stop humping between the bed and
his fingers.  There, naked on the covers, bent over a pile of cushions with
my ass high in the air.  I was at once embarrassed, yet, on the other hand
was past caring and couldn't get enough of the sensations he giving me.

"We are the hot one, aren't we.  I forgot just what it was like to be your
age and on a hair trigger."

I was in heaven and didn't want him to prattle on, it was too distracting.

"Like something a little stronger, would we?"

I didn't know what he was on about but just said "Yes".

He took out his finger, but then returned what I imagined to be two.  I
didn't mind at all, it felt even better.

"Mmmm, I know the trick when you have that kind of an itch, just let Norman
sort it out for you."

He took out his finger again, which I was most disappointed about, but then
he moved his position on the bed.  A moment later, I felt him resume his
wonderful ministrations.

"Okay are we?" he asked.

I could only groan and squirm.

"This will help."

Something much bigger entered my arsehole.  I guess from being well
stretched and lubricated by his fingers, it was some time before I caught
on what he was doing.  But by then he was home and directly hitting my
prostate with each thrust.  The first reaction was to be angry, but before
I could sort out the words, the wonderful sensation rippled up through my
body as his cock scratched my itch better than any finger could.  On every
thrust, I was transported immediately to heaven.

After a minute, he abruptly stopped.  "How are we dear?" he enquired most
concerned.

Shit Norman, I thought, what a time to start asking how I am.

Exasperated, I almost shouted, "Norman, just fuck me. Now!"

"Oh, now, now, just trying to be nice about it dear, no need to get
uppity."

I laughed and then paused, not wanting to upset him.

"Norman, you are nice, you feel wonderful, but don't stop now." I wailed.

"Sorry dear, but did I hear a please there at all?"

"I can't believe this.  Yes Norman, please, please, please, just fuck me.
Shit, I'm begging you, how about that?"

"That's better, always told you they beg me for it didn't I?"

Now I remembered he told me that before, how his conquests used to beg him
for his favours.  I stuck my ass back at him.

He resumed, not only that but he moved up a gear taking me with him.  Even
that big fat stomach was put to good use and pinned me down so that each of
his thrusts better gave me the satisfaction I was craving.  He was no
spring chicken, but he knew what to do and do it well.

There was no quick finish either, so by the time he filled me up with his
sauce, we had been going quite a while.

Panting, he rolled off to the side.  Mentally exhausted myself, I stayed
just where I was.

Eventually, we both stirred.

"Are we alright?" he asked concerned.

I sighed contentedly and rolled off the cushions and onto my back.

"Norman that was great.  It was just what the doctor ordered as far as I am
concerned. You hit the spot bull's eye, I feel one hundred percent better
already."

He rose off the bed and shambled back into his shorts.

"I don't like to disappoint, but its good to know you are alright about it
all.  After all, it's not every day I get some handsome chicken in here."

"Who's chicken?" I asked puzzled.

"You are dear, as wonderful a piece of chicken as ever there was."

"What are you talking about, you will have to explain it."

"It's the language dear, at your age and looking like you do, it's referred
to as chicken. Mind when you first came on this ship, I would have said I
was a cradle snatcher, but not now.  I can see the way you are changing, it
won't be long before someone says you are prime beef."

I got his drift and giggled at the idea of me being a chicken.

Once back in his few clothes, he grabbed my hand and pulled me up off the
bed.

"This is not a hotel young man, we all got work to do.  Now, rub this cream
in morning and night."

He rummaged through his box again and brought out a card of tablets.

"Take one of these three times a day after meals for five days. Don't miss
one." He admonished.

Taking a canister, he dug a teaspoon full of granules out of it and put it
to my mouth.

"Swallow these with water, then your big trip to the loo will not be an
unpleasant one."

I did as he said impressed with the array of weapons he had going for me.

He slapped my bum quite hard.

"Now get that temptation back in your shorts and get out of here quick.
You won't want me to tell anyone why I am late with the lunch do you?"

I took the hint, got dressed and made for the door.

"Come back after tomorrow and let me take a look again, just to make sure
I'm on the right track with this, eh?  Oh yes, nearly forgot.  You are
going to have to keep out of Brians way you know.  Don't let him slip you
one for a week either.  And if you didn't get the message, don't you do
him.  I know you two are six of one and a half a dozen of the other.  Tell
him you got the runs, then a headache.  Use your imagination.  And
remember, don't let him see any of this medicine or you might have some
embarrassing explaining to do.  Never easy to explain something like this
to your partner, I can tell you."

I really marvelled at Norman, I don't know what I would have done without
him on this ship.

"How about you then Norman?" I was puzzled thinking how he had just done
me.

"Look dear, I know how to take care of myself, been around for a long time
as you can see. So don't worry about me."

"Okay, thanks, Norman, you are the best really."

Before I left the cabin, I reached up to his face and gave him a kiss.

He wouldn't take it for what it was though.

"Don't think you can get into my pants by just one kiss dear."

I pulled a face and gave him the finger, scooting out of his cabin before
he landed me a crack.


Part 2

After seeing Norman, I went and found the medic and told him I had the
shits.  He gave me some Imodium.  I threw a couple of the tablets down the
toilet and left the card on my table. I didn't like fooling Brian but
Norman was right if I had to explain what had happened, or worse if I
passed something on to him, that would be the end.

I met up with him after dinner. He told me he was still rough, as was Alan
and Barry.  I was the only one who didn't get it for real, but for a bad
hangover.  Alan had the shits really bad, so Brian had pulled the night
watch till he was better.  He hardly ever got a nighter, but for once this
was my good fortune as we wouldn't be able to get together even if we had
wanted to.

That night, I lay thinking of what I did with Norman. He was old enough to
be my dad.  Before I came on this ship, if I had seen him acting about like
he does in my hometown, I would have crossed the street maybe, before
passing him.  Also, he had a big stomach and was in no stretch of the
imagination good looking.

But I never saw any of that now.  He was the one I knew I could confide in
and the one who I would run to in times of trouble.  I was really
comfortable in his company and he was always making me laugh.  It was hard
to believe that we had just had sex, but in fact, it was good and I enjoyed
it very much. Perhaps it was something to do with the relief of finding out
that my problem was going to be fixed after all that worrying, I don't know
for sure.

The next morning I took a shower and checked my arse again. It was still
red but all the burning and soreness had gone completely.  And for the rest
of the day, I didn't give it a thought.

I saw Brian at dinner, that is my dinner and his breakfast. He was really
grumbling as he said he'd not been able to sleep very well.  I secretly
hoped he would be on the night shift for the rest of the week.  I felt bad
at thinking that, even though he could have pulled a stint of night shift
at any time really.

                 *****

In the morning, I nipped off and went to see Norman in his cabin again.

"How is it old love?" he asked letting me in.

"Still red, but the soreness has gone now," I assured him, feeling well
pleased.

"Still taking the tablets?" he asked sternly.

"Yes, I won't forget that, don't worry yourself."

"Just checking love, can't be too careful." He said softening his tone and
patting my bum.

"You want to see?" I asked him, sticking out my bum and giving him a wink.

"Suit yourself dear" he replied as if he couldn't have cared less.  I knew
that couldn't be possible.

I quickly got out of my work gear, and let down my jeans.  He didn't move
to pile up the cushions in the bed, so I asked him how he wanted to examine
me.

"Kneel on the bed dear, let's take a dekko."

Taking off my jockey's I did as he said.  He took a chair and sat down
behind me.

"Put your head down on the bed dear, let me get the light in your bum,
there's a good boy."

Once I did that, it was stuck well up in the air for him.

"Mmmm, still as red as a beetroot.  Sure it's not hurting?" he asked.

His finger prodded me a little.

"I can see you have stopped playing with beer bottles.  That's nice!  Maybe
just miniatures now, eh?"

"Norman!", I shouted exasperated at his verbal picture drawing and teasing.
I knew he could easily get me going.

His finger probing didn't make me jump as before.  He went to his medicine
box and got out the antibiotic cream.

"Better put on the cream three times a day, ducks. Let's get it cleared up
quicker."

He sat on his chair and smoothed out a glob of cream at the top of my legs.
Slowly he massaged it into the skin, working it gently all over the
affected area.  Not just rubbing the cream into my skin, he also worked at
the muscles beneath which I loved.  He knew I liked massage, so he was
combining the two I think.

"Been to the loo yet Mike?"

"Last night, no problem. Your stuff did the trick, smooth as silk!"

"Mmm, good.  Better get you a supply of those granules, never know when
they will come in handy for the future."

I giggled, wondering what he would imagine me getting into next.  As if to
chastise my thoughts, he stuck his finger into my ass, making me both jump
and howl.

"Less of the lewdness if you please."

He went back to his massage, now finishing off the tops of my legs and
working towards the crack.  I held my tongue, relishing his touch as this
most sensitive spot.  My dick had got hard within a minute of him starting,
but I didn't care.  I could look back beneath me and see it pointing down
hard, swinging in the breeze as his hands rocked my body with his pushing
and pulling.

As before, his magic was working me up.  I knew he would, in fact, I was
kind of hoping he would.  But as he massaged, he made no move to do more
than apply the crème and give a little extra squeezing.

I began to be disappointed, even kind of feeling hurt that he didn't make a
move on me.  I know that was silly, but I was ready and with Brian not
being available, could do with some extra playing around.

I couldn't be out of sight for long or else Charley would be asking about
me, so I decided to push it a bit.

"Norman?"

"Yes dear"

"Aren't you going to give me the dish of the day?"

Crack!!  He brought his palm down hard on my bum.

"Cheeky bugger!" he cursed. "Getting a bit itchy are we with Brian on
nights."

God, Norman knew everything or else he could read me like a book.

Sheepishly I said yes.

"I don't know, wouldn't like to get between you and Brian.  I don't like
any aggravation, just can't do with it in a small place like this ship.
I've got to live with everyone you know."

"Sorry Norman, but I just thought with the other day, you wouldn't mind
doing it again.  I really liked it, honest."

"So did I, so did I, dear.  Who wouldn't, I mean, really.  The trouble with
you, at your age you're always horny and that stops you thinking straight.
Can't think further than the end of your dick, that's the trouble with
cheeky buggers like you.  But I have to think a bit further than that."

He started me laughing and I began to loose my hard on.

"Just what I am going to do with you?" he cuffed me across the back of my
head.

"I love you really, that's my downfall.  I could spoil you rotten and just
can't say no."

"Does that mean yes then Norman?"

"You'll be the death of me, you rascal.  Have you never heard of the
doctor-patient relationship?  You'll get me struck off if you don't watch
it."

"Get you thrown out of the kitchen more like it, screwing on the table."

He reached under and grabbed my balls and gave them a squeeze.

"Ouch, that hurts" I yelled.

 "So it should you monkey!  Now get your arse lowered a bit, or I will
never get this over with and you out of here."

I heard him open his fly and the shorts fall to the floor.  I buried my
face into the perfume smelling bed cover in anticipation.

His dick edged its way slowly inside.  He huffed and puffed pushing and
shoving till he was fully home.  Then he wrapped his arms around my chest,
pulling me into the warm softness of his ample belly and began humping.

It was just what I needed, feeling a hot cock throbbing inside me.  I
groaned and lost myself into seventh heaven.

He took his time, like his massages, which was just fine by me.  I met his
thrust with a stone wall of my arse, letting him drill deeper and deeper as
his passion grew stronger and stronger.

I groaned with sheer pleasure.

"Norman, I would love you to do this all fucking day."

"Chance would be a fine thing, I'm a long way past your age, and so you
will have to put up with ten minutes instead."

"You know what I mean, I really like how you do this."

"By the looks of it, I don't think it's me, I think you just like it,
period."

"Ouch, that hurt," I laughed.

But his joke sat with me for a very long time and I began to question my
actions and behaviour.  I had not realised what I was doing till he put it
like that.  I didn't like to admit it, but he was right, I did love being
filled up with cock.  But the conundrum was that it was only with some
people.  I could give as good as I got with Brian.  I wanted to fuck Jess'
brains out just to look at those beautiful blue eyes.  Yet with Norman,
there was nothing better to be held tight in his arms and let him fill me
up.

He was right about the time.  As he got to the final minute, he began
nudging me across the bed with each thrust, with him finally having to
climb up on the bed with me to keep connected and not loose the final
pleasures of coming.

As soon as I felt his cock get bigger and really feel the heat, I knew he
was about to blow. The mental picture of his cock firing off in my arse
sent me over the top just as he did that very thing.  I covered his lovely
bedspread with my juice as he filled up me up with chef's special.

We both grunted like pigs in the final moments.  I loved it, and I'm sure
Norman did too.  I never heard a word of him having sex with anyone on the
ship, neither did I have the nerve to ask him.  But by the amount of juice
he pumped up me, I have to think this last week must have been the first
sex in a long, long while.

Surprisingly he recovered quicker than I, getting up off the bed and
donning his clothes again.

"Now move your ass Mike, or someone might just walk in here and catch us.
You've been out of sight for long enough, this is not worth getting into
trouble over."

I was a bit disappointed about his curt manner, but I knew he was right and
I jumped up and into my gear again.

As I made to leave, he caught my arm and pulled me close.

"Thanks, sweetheart, you know I really appreciate you." he whispered
softly.

Leaning down, he kissed my forehead.

"Now get back and do some work, or I'll have to have a word with Henry
about you skiving around."

"You wouldn't do that Norman." I laughed.

"Wouldn't I, just don't push your luck, you little terror."

Playfully he pinched my arse and pushed me out the door.


Part 3


That night was not a good one.  Laying in bed, I remembered what Norman
said about me "liking it period".  I was upset to think that was what he
thought, even as a joke.  Yet as I looked at back, I had already been with
eight that I knew of, not counting those in the cabin at Baltimore.  What
ringed in my ears were the tales of Martin, the young lad who I had
replaced.  When he was talked about, you could tell they had nothing but
contempt for his sexual doings.  The last thing I wanted was to be thought
of in the same way.  I knew Martin was a thief and that was what probably
coloured everyone's opinion of him.  But still.

The other side of the coin was that I knew I enjoyed doing it just as
Norman said.  When I was at school, I had always thought when a person
found someone and loved them, it would be enough.  Now I realised that I
loved more than one person.  I could love Jess just as much as I loved
Brian. And I loved Norman too; even though it was obvious it was in a
different way.  Still, they were all pieces of a jigsaw that I could not
fit together.

Coming so fresh from school and family, suddenly it was all proving a bit
too much.  It all weighed heavily in my head, and try as I might, there was
no easy answer to straighten it out.

Being short of sleep, the next day was bad.  I was tired out and depressed
with thinking on what kind of person I might be turning into.  I don't
think I spoke to anyone at dinner and after eating went straight to my
cabin.

    ****

I was sitting brooding over my pot of tea at breakfast.  Norman came over.

"What's up duck, feeling a bit under the weather?"

I looked him in the face and saw his concern.  Suddenly it hit that he
really cared for me.  Of course, I knew it before, but this time it made me
feel silly about all the sulking I'd been doing.

I forced a smile, feeling my face crack as I made the muscles do their job.

"I'm alright Norman, just thinking a bit too much I guess."

"Well, I have some good news for you.  Alan is back at work now, so if I
know anything Brian will be off nights today."

He bent down close to my ear.

"And you've finished the tablets now, haven't you?"

I looked up and nodded.

He gave a wink and ruffled my hair, passing on to clear some of the tables.

I felt a little better for the rest of the day.  I was trying hard to think
of anything to keep my mind away from it all.

Later that afternoon, I was walking back from the mess, when I heard
running footsteps behind me.  I was about to turn around to look, when
Brian did a flying leap, coming down on my shoulders and locking his arm
around my neck.

"Hey you tosser, what you been up to?" he shouted.

I pushed him off and stood upright, coming opposite his grinning face.  He
mocked a punch into my shoulder, but still managing to knock me into the
wall.

Suddenly a wave of happiness swept over me knowing he was back again.  The
gloominess dropped away like falling leaves.

He did a quick look in both directions, then grabbed me by the neck,
pulling me up close and fastening his lips to mine for a few seconds.

"Fuck, have I missed you.  Over a fucking week without you.  And doing shit
nights, I can't fucking sleep at all during the daytime, just never get
used to it.  Anyway, Alan is back on nights, which he loves so I'm off the
hook.  Have you missed me?"

It was my turn to give him a jab in the sides now, "Missed you, what for?"
I mocked, trying to look horrified.

We fell to scrapping down the corridor, pushing and shoving as I made my
way back to the engine room and him to his cabin.

Before I headed down the companionway, he grabbed me and whispered in my
ear.

"Not jacked off for a fucking week, can you believe that?  Tonight I'm
going to fuck you from one end of the ship to the other. How about that?"

"No, no, no" I whined. "You got it wrong, it's me going to do that to you,
dick head."

"I got an off tomorrow with changing shifts, and you are off too, I checked
with Norman. So we have all the time we want to do both."  He jabbed me in
the ribs.

I pushed him off playfully, and darted through the door towards the engine
room, conscious of the hard on that had already sprung up with the talk of
sex.

Gradually the happiness won over the despondency I'd been in.  Finally, I
thought what the hell, I'm damn well looking forward to sex with Brian.
For the last couple of hours in the engine room, it was like a weight had
been lifted off my shoulders.

We went to the mess for dinner together.  Going up to check the choices on
the board, Norman called me over.

"You two go away and come back in twenty minutes."

I looked puzzled wondering why we couldn't eat.

"Don't argue, be off with you."  He said sternly, raising his spatula as if
to hit me.

I grabbed Brian and took him back out, explaining what Norman had said.  We
sat in the lounge chatting about the past week to fill the time.  Later we
went back to the mess and peered around the door first to see if we could
enter.

Norman spied us.

"Come on in, it's okay now.  Couldn't have you in before with the other
lads here, wouldn't be fair."

We wondered what it was all about, but sat down anyway.  Norman re-appeared
and spread a tablecloth, which we had never seen happen before.  We looked
at each other speechless.

Norman was back in a minute carrying two dinner plates.

"Now then lads, here is a special treat for you, best t-bone steak with all
the trimmings.  Couldn't let the rest of the crew see this could I, they'd
have had my garters, and it's not be a pretty sight."

I had noticed the board said chicken curry or fish and chips, so this was a
real treat for us.

"What's the occasion Norman?" asked Brian.

"Only your fairy godmother feeling generous today dear."

He came back with some more trimmings together with half a bottle of red
wine.

"God," said Brian in some amazement.  "I've been on this tub for three
years, and I've never seen a tablecloth or a bottle of wine."

"Well you're seeing it now, so shut it," said Norman threatening to hit
him.

"No, I'm not complaining Norman.  Where you get the wine then, nicked it
from the Master's stash?"

"You could say that," said Norman, "but don't let on to anyone, it's just
our secret."

The three of us sat down and had a wonderful meal.  We were in well over an
hour eating and drinking and laughing, lots and lots of laughing.  When we
came out, I felt like a new person.

Later we went and looked in on the lounge again and watched a video.  We'd
both seen it a dozen times already, so about half way through Brian says
for us to go.  Once outside, he asks if Barry is using the cabin and I tell
him no.

"You go on then back then, I'll go and sweet talk Norman into some extra
beers."

He went off to see what he could get while I went back to the cabin.  I
jumped in the shower again for a rinse off.  As I was drying off Brian
appeared with a couple of six-packs.

"I'm sure it must be Norm's birthday or something, he's in a really good
mood.  No problem to get these." He set them down, pulling one carton
apart.

I slipped on some shorts and tee-shirt, joining him on the bed.  We propped
ourselves against each other talking.  Brian downed three bottles one after
the other, but after that big meal, I was too full to do that.

Abruptly, he got off the bed and stood up.  I wondered what he was up to.

"Let's have an early night, I reckon I could do with one," he said,
stripping off his stuff.

"But you have slept till this afternoon, how come you are so tired."

"I was in bed, but not sleeping, well not what I would call sleep.  I know
when I'm next to you, I will sleep just fine."

"Oh, I put you to sleep do I, well for that I think you better go back to
your own cabin."

He jumped on me and gave me a long kiss.

"You know what I mean, don't have to spell it out for you, dummy!"

Naked he slipped under the sheets.  I was about to do the same when he
stopped me.

"You can get them off for a start, this is naked territory, no clothes
allowed."

We snuggled up close and fell into kissing for a while.

From kissing and nibbling, his tongue went deep into my mouth. Immediately
I had a vision of his dick going deep inside my arse and got hard.  He felt
it and reached down and took hold.

"God Mike, I love you, I love your dick too."

We hugged tightly.

Part 4

I was expecting him to put me on my back as he had threatened earlier in
the afternoon, but he seemed content with just hugging and kissing.  He was
hard, I felt it making him groan into my mouth as we kissed.  I was getting
horny and wanted him inside me.

"Didn't I hear you say something about a tour of the ship earlier?"

He broke apart and giggled.

"Just dipping my toe in the water to see what you would say."

"So no tour?"

"You know what I want right now?" he asked.

"No, tell me."

He kissed me deep first.

"I want your big dick inside me, then we'll talk about the tour."

That took me by surprise, usually, he wanted to get his rocks off first
before we swapped about.

I moved to get on top, but he stopped me.

"No, I want it like this."

He turned away and backed up, reaching behind to pull my legs up tight into
the spoon position.  He grabbed my arm and pulled it around his chest.

"Just hold me tight."

This was usually Brian in the morning half awake, not when we had just gone
to bed.

He jiggled his arse around. My hard dick worked its way into his crack till
it found the right place. He backed slowly onto it taking plenty of time.

I had to help out with some spit, but once I was firmly lodged, I hugged
him close like he wanted.

"Missed you," he said quietly.  "Do it good."

I started slow, pushing in and out with long strokes.  When I was fully
home and my bush was grinding into his arse, he was grunting at the top of
every thrust.

"Fuck," he whispered, "I reckon you must be still growing, that's got where
it never went before.  I love it."

I loved it too, the feel of Brian in my arms, the smell of his body I now
knew so well, our movements together so well rehearsed.  I took my time,
playing with making him moan and gasp.  Doing it slowly, then jabbing in
harder, then slowing down once more.  There was no rush, we had all night
and I really liked to prolong it for as long as possible.

I must admit since I'd seen him in the afternoon right till I got inside
him, all my thoughts were of him fucking me like he'd said.  So being in
the driving seat was a surprise, to say the least.

"Mike", he whispered.  "You feel great, just don't stop.  I want you to do
it all night long."

I kissed the back of his neck.  "I'll do my best."

I reckon I must have been fucking him slowly like that for going on an
hour.  Getting near orgasm and then cooling off.  Eventually, the heat from
near orgasm became a constant burning even when I stopped.  I thought my
cock would burst it throbbed so hard.

"I'm going to cum," I warned.

"Do it hard will you."

I still tried to hold off, but finally a line was crossed and I went for
it.  I held him tight to stop him moving away as I thrust as hard as I
could.  When I came, it was like taking a pee after building up for so
long.  Brian threw his head back and gasped.  I didn't stop even when I
finished cuming, as I felt Brian go rigid and shake.  He came into the
sheets.

After a minute, I made to break loose but he stopped me.

"Don't, just hold me for a while."

I snuggled up close, my dick still inside.  Slowly I came down from my own
private heaven as I got my breath again.  That was wonderful, how perfect
after that fabulous meal.  My eyes closed and my mind clouded, running away
with itself.

Part 5

I awoke to a noise.  Slowly I became aware of someone in the room.  At
first, I thought it was Brian in the bathroom but then I realised he was
still curled up in front of me.  I turned my head to look.

"Oh, Mike, sorry to wake you two love birds, but I got to find my
pullovers.  It's been so long since I had to wear them.  I'm on deck
opening up hatch three and four and its fucking cold.  Fine, but cold."

"Shit!" I murmured, it was already morning.

Barry seemed to have found what he wanted in his cupboard and came over to
the bed.  We were both naked from our lovemaking.

"We are docking in about three hours, so you know we have to be prepared
and not waste any time."

He looked down smiling.

"Been enjoying yourself I see.  Lucky bastards" he grinned.

Brian stirred, slowly waking and stretching his arms above his head.

"Ah, Barry, come to join us or something?"

"Chance would be a fine thing!, No just came to get something against the
cold, I'm on deck doing the hatches."

"If you want warming up, me and Mike can do that in a minute."

"I wish I could, but got to go.  Anyway, I can see you're just kidding," he
laughed.

Brian challenged him, "We're game if you are Barry, you know we like a bit
of a turn with you, don't we Mike?"

He dug me in the ribs.  I laughed seeing as how Barry was kind of on the
spot.  But it didn't escape my notice that he had a hard on forming down
one leg of his pants.

"Thanks, but really I have to go or Charley will blow a fuse.  But I'll
call back at tea break if that's alright with you two?"

"Fine, see you then," said Brian.

Barry whacked my bum and took off out the door.

"You serious?" I said after he left.

"Why not, been a while since we had fun with Barry, and we got the whole
day to ourselves.  You don't mind I said that do you?"

"No, just sometimes you have a knack of surprising me, that's all."

"Oh, like when?"

"For starters, last night was one, I thought you were going to screw me all
around the ship, instead you went all lovey-dovey on me."

"I'm going to surprise you a third time too.  Do me again, right now.  Last
night was wonderful, and I'm itching for seconds."

"Your wish is my command, oh great one.  Which position would you like your
servant to do you in."

"Your choice."

"Okay, on your front with your legs apart" I commanded.

He grinned and turned over, wiggling his bum about in anticipation.

I settled on my knees behind and slowly wanked myself to full hardness.  I
parted his cheeks and could see his hole was still wet from last night.  I
eased myself down and slid gently inside.

I cupped my hands around his shoulders while kissing the back of his neck
making him sigh in contentment.  Getting fully home, I could sense he was
full of my spendings as my cock slurped about as I started to fuck.

Brian stuck up his arse to meet me.  "Fucking great Mike, how I love this,
Oh, Oh......."

This time it was not to make it last long, but for the thrill and
gratification.  His ass was really hot and being pre-lubricated, I could
easily ram all the way in.  It turned us both on and within minutes I was
building for a great explosion.

When I told him I was going to come soon, Brian talked us both to the
climax.

"Fuck.. Mike,.. stick... that...fucking... big... dick...right... up... me,... drown... me... in... fucking... cum... will... you."

But his speech was broken into individual words as each thrust stopped him
stringing them together.

I rolled off exhausted and Brian turned onto his side to reveal another wet
patch on the bed where he had cum.

"Wow, I'm getting to like you doing me."

"Really, didn't know you didn't before."

"I've always liked you doing it, but I really love it now.  Maybe it's my
period or something."

We both laughed and came together for a loving kiss.

There was a knock on the door and we panicked grabbing the sheet to cover
up.

"Who is it?" I asked curiously.

"Only me," cried Norman.  "Can I come in, are you decent?"

Relieved, we told him to come on in.

"What's this Norman?" asked Brian, wondering what could have brought him to
our cabin.

"Just a little room service for my love birds.  Thought you might like some
coffee seeing as how your presence didn't grace the mess room this
morning."

"Are you alright?" asked Brian, wondering like me what all this care and
concern was about.

"Me, alright?  Course I'm alright dears.  Can't your mother do something
nice for once?"

"You can do this everyday Norman, I would love this to get me out of bed in
the morning.  Like a hotel, I reckon." I said.

"Well don't expect a good looking bell boy to come knocking, it won't
happen, only your Aunty Norman."

"Anyway, whatever, thanks a bunch Norm.  This is right royal treatment."

We sat and talked for a few minutes before he said he would have to get
back to the kitchen.

"Enjoy boys!"

"Fancy that, old Norman bringing us morning coffee.  Only the Master gets
room service.  We must be his favourites."

"I think he is reliving his youth with us two."

"Whatever, it's great of him, we owe him for last night and this," said
Brian.

 "Don't give me another surprise and invite him in here between us," I
joked.

"Nah, I would but the bed's not big enough for him as well.  He'd fucking
break it if he tried."

We cracked up laughing till Brian grabbed me and kissed.

"You're the best, you know that.  I love you."

"Me too" I answered him between dips of his tongue.

"Are you ready?"

"Ready, ready for what?" I asked my mind completely off track.

"Ready for my turn.  I'm horny as fuck again."

"Which position?" I asked.

"You choose."

I moved to the middle of the bed on my back and raised my knees to my
chest.

"Get the picture?" I joked.

Brian got between my legs and buried his face in my groin.  Licking my
balls and around to my ass, very quickly making me shiver with delight.
One hand stroked my cock and his tongue darted into my most sensitive
parts.  I groaned and twitched my arse, opening the lips of my hole so that
his tongue could tantalise me to distraction.

"Oh God, Brian stop that and fuck me like you said you would."

"Yes sir."

I closed my eyes, waiting for that moment when his hot dick would touch my
sacred spot.

I sucked in through my teeth, as he pushed slowly inside.  Once home, he
lowered his body onto mine and began his work.

It felt great to have him inside.  But then my mind crashed and flashed
back to the torment of previous days.  Just as suddenly, in my mind's eye,
big letters flashed across like an electronic sign.  `Fuck it, I don't give
a shit, I love this, I love a dick up my ass.  There is no better pleasure.
Either that or mine in someone else. I don't give a damn what anyone says,
I like it, I want it, I couldn't care less.'

All those hours of depression and twisted thinking and the whole thing
settled itself with finality in a split second.

In response I wrapped my arms across Brian's back, holding him tight.  I
wanted him, wanted to merge our bodies as if we were just one person.

His hot dick pummelled my arse and it felt wonderful.

"Mike, one week without this.  I got a lot of catching up to do."

All I could manage between breaths was "Yes, yes, yes."

I was really happy again.


Part 6

"Come on," Brian said catching my arm and dragging me off the bed and onto
the floor.

"Let's clean up, bet we don't smell too good now."

I struggled up, exhausted after our morning's exertions.  Tired, but
glowing inside. I dragged off the dirty sheets and dug out some
replacements before joining Brian in the bathroom.

We cleaned ourselves out and then showered, each taking turns to wash the
other.  Our dicks responded at the appropriate time as fingers and soap
washed all over.  But we saved it for later.

As we were making the beds, there was a kick against the door and Barry
shuffled in before we had time to ask who it was.

"Brought you some coffee, guys." He said, putting a tray of three mugs onto
the table.

"Shit, ten o' clock already," remarked Brain, "Where did the morning go
to?"

We were both naked, having dumped our underwear with the sheets in the
laundry bag.  We finished fitting the bed covers and then sat down with
Barry to have a drink.

"What's it like up top," asked Brian.

"Nice, hatches are open, ships waiting on the pilot and Halifax looks quite
a pretty town."

My cabin was on the wrong side, so we couldn't see it through the porthole.

"Pity we are not staying for a while," said Brian.

"No, in and out it should be.  Unload those tyres from San Paulo and load
machinery for Liverpool.  If all goes well, we'll be on the evening tide.
The next place we'll see and get ashore is good old Liverpool." Continued
Barry.

The name of our homeport made me stop and think.  I had talked with Brian
and we had agreed to pay off when we reached there. After a break at home,
we were going to try to get with a decent shipping line and do our
apprenticeship properly.  This kind of ship would never be any good for a
proper career.

My daydreaming was broken by Barry standing up.  I thought he was going but
instead, he tugged off his thick pullover.

"God, it feels hot in here after being top side."

The heat was on in the cabin, so it was warm enough for us not to be
rushing into clothes.

"Freeze your balls off up there" he laughed.  "So watch it you two, don't
want to loose those jewels of yours."

Instinctively we both looked down to our balls together, making us laugh at
the timing.

Then Brian suddenly grabbed Barry in the balls.  He had both hands holding
his coffee mug, so was unable to move quickly without spilling any.

"So how did you get on up there, still go some?"

He didn't remove his hand and Barry couldn't move away, nor could he reach
across Brian to the table and put down the coffee.

"Aaaaah!!!!" he gasped.

"I can't feel any, sure you didn't loose them" he enquired in an innocent
voice.

Barry squirmed.  "Get off me balls, you'll do `em an injury squeezing like
that."

But he was laughing his head off.

"No, I think we should have a proper examination," said Brian.

He was being a bit lame, but Barry thought it very funny.  Brian unhooked
the clasp on his pants and opened the zip.

"Get off!" shouted Barry, still chuckling.

Brian didn't heed, but pulled out the top of his underwear and pushed down
his hand.

Barry was struggling and I reached to relieve him of the coffee mug so it
wouldn't spill all over.  Once Barry had his hands free, he feebly tried
pushing Brian off.  But it was too late, I guessed he had already got hold
of his dick or balls in there, so Barry couldn't be too rough with him.

"Alright, alright, you win. Let me get up and I'll show you."

Brian let go and Barry stood, as we thought to let down the pants.  But
instead, he laughed and began doing the zip up.  Brian was on him like a
flash, pushing him back down in the chair.  In seconds he had the top of
his pants open again.

"Okay, quits," laughed Barry. "You win, you fucking maniac."

He stood up and let his pants fall to the floor.  Then he hooked is fingers
in the waistband of his briefs and wiggled his hips, jokingly doing a
little enticing dance as they inched down his thighs.

"You two ready for Big Barry?" he giggled.

We started clapping our hands in unison, crying "Get them off, get them
off."

For the uncovering, he quickly flicked them down the last couple of inches
and threw up his arms in the air in triumph.

"Barry the Magnificent," he announced. "Only seen by the special few."

Although we had seen it before, we both still looked transfixed.  At the
same time almost on cue, he began to get hard and his cock filled out and
stood at right angles as we stared.

We collapsed together laughing.

"I can't help it," he said embarrassed.  "It's being in the same room as
you maniacs that does it."

Brian grabbed his dick, then pulled him over to the bed and sat down with
him.

"Get the rest off Barry," he ordered, pushing up his shirt.

He looked between the two of us.

"Ain't got much time you know.  It's only tea break and I'm supposed to be
back top side."

"You could have gone for a shit instead and it wouldn't take any longer, so
stop worrying," said Brian taking control.

In silence, he took off his remaining clothes and threw them on the floor.
Once done, Brian pushed him back flat on the bed and licked at his balls.

"Yep, look alright to me, taste alright to me."

Barry watched, then groaned and laid his head back down.

From licking his balls, he went to take his dick in his mouth and sucked it
slowly from the tip to the root and back again.  I could see Barry's
stomach muscles contract and his chest heave.  After a minute, he broke
away and turned to me, a glazed look in his eye that I knew well.

"Mike, get the fuck over here and lets play."

I moved to the bed and watched Brian continue to suck.  Then he lifted off
and told me to do it.  I took his place and let the fat dick fill my mouth.

Brian watched me for a few moments, then got behind and lifted my arse in
the air.  He resumed licking, this time over my arse and jabbing into my
hole with his tongue.

Once I was slicked up, he got on his knees and pushed his dick home
quickly.  Barry opened his eyes and watched Brian pound my ass.

I remained fastened onto his cock, feeling good about taking it at both
ends.

Slowly, Barry sat up, then shifting position, also got to his knees.  I
kept his cock in my mouth as now he began to hump too.  He leant over my
back to closely watch Brian do his stuff.

I was nicely sandwiched between the two of them, both grunting and working
their dicks in and out of my openings.  It was so hot I had to purposely
stop thinking about it or I would blow my wad.

"How is it? Looks great from where I am," he asked Brian.

"Mike is always great, he has a hot pussy just made for my dick."

"I think he has a pussy in his mouth too, this is out of this world."

"Don't worry, you get to try both ends Barry."

Abruptly he pulled out and slapped me on my arse.

"Turn over Mike, let me do you the other way."

I turned onto my back, better for not being on my knees too long.  Quickly
he hoisted my legs onto his shoulder and re-entered.

"Aaah" Fucking ace is Mike," he gasped.

Barry was at one side, but Brian had him sit on my face.  He faced Brian,
feeding me his slightly deflated cock.  But as soon as he got hard again,
it wouldn't bend to go in my mouth and I couldn't easily lift my head for
long to try and catch it.  I reached to his thighs and pulled him back onto
my face, licking at his balls instead.

Slowly Brian was shoving me up the bed with his thrusts, so from Barry's
balls, I went to lick behind them.  I could hear Barry's gasps as my tongue
flashed the sensitive area up to his hole.  He bent forward to take hold of
my cock and frigged it haphazardly.  I knew he loved my tongue action for
he wriggled around and put his weight down full on my face.  It was
difficult to breathe, but I knew it was pleasing him.

Brian's swelling cock told me he was going over the top.  I could hear his
grunts, coming quicker and louder, till he drove in and held it there while
he emptied himself.  The hot wash of his juice swept up through my body
sending my mind reeling as I fought for air beneath Barry.

Brian pulled out and as I laid there gasping, Barry got off.  He grabbed
his arm pulling him down the bed.

"Now your turn, get in there and enjoy yourself."

Barry made eye contact and I nodded and smiled back.  He moved in to take
Brian's place and slid inside.  The extra fatness of his dick was instantly
transmitted. He was not long so never hit the same depths as Brian, but
instead, he gave me that feeling of being stretched.  Nothing between them
really, both were just as good.

I could see Brian's face through Barry's legs, he was down tonguing his
balls and arse.  Barry was going for all he was worth, alternatively
looking straight into my eyes, and then closing them and throwing back his
head for a while.

A minute later Brian was up at the top of the bed, following Barry by
sitting on my face. He fed me his dick, and I licked and sucked on the
taste of his juice, making him full hard once more.  He reached forward and
pinched Barry's nipples making him moan loudly.

Another minute later and his dam burst forth and his body shook and spasmed
in the throes of orgasm.  It turned Brian on to watch, for he took out his
dick from my mouth and began to jack off fast.  As Barry was opening his
eyes, Brian came again, firing it across my face and chest and onto Barry's
stomach.

They fell across me exhausted.  We lay there unmoving a while as I was
intoxicated with the tastes and smells of sweat and cum which hung heavily
in the air as well as over my face.

With their bodies off of me, I desperately reached for my dick to finish
myself off.

"Stop that!" ordered Brian, and edged down the bed.

"Come on Barry, got to give him his due, let's milk him dry."

Barry edged down the other side and followed Brian's moves.  My dick
entered one mouth then the other. When one was not speared upon it, they
were sucking and licking my balls.  Brian pushed some fingers up my hole,
so the whole effect had me firing off in less than a blink of an eye.

Brian trailed his tongue up the middle of my stomach, licking my juice in
his path till he reached my lips.  He kissed me, duelling with our tongues
before breaking away.

"You are fantastic," he grinned.

"You are both fantastic", echoed Barry.

"But sorry, I really have to go or Charley will have my guts for garters."

"Take a shower?" said Brian.

"Wish I could, but no time.  Don't worry, I will savour the sweat and sexy
smells for the rest of the morning."

"Okay, see yah."

"See you back here for more at lunch time," said Brian grinning.

"Sounds great but I'm no superman, I need some time to get my wind back."

"Just joking Barry, but you never know, if you get in the mood this is
where we are and it will be more fun if you're here too."

"Okay, let me think about it," he laughed, grabbing his pullover and
tugging it over his head as he made his way out the door.

"Thanks, guys, you are really the greatest."

With Barry gone, I suddenly felt hungry.

"Come on, let's get out of this pit and get showered.  Then we have to eat,
I'm starved."

His fingers went for my bum hole as he goosed me off the bed, racing for
the shower.

Whilst showering, Brian got on the subject of Barry being with us.

"I got to tell you, having Barry with us is so fucking hot.  Seeing someone
having sex with you, it takes all my effort not to cum on the spot."

I smiled and wondered whether to let on one of my own secrets.

"I like it too, especially when there is a dick in each end, it has the
same effect on me.  I had to think about cleaning out the generator oil
sump or I would spoil it by cumming too soon."

"Yeah, I know just what you mean.  Lucky we have such a good friend in
Barry."

I agreed, "I like him, which makes it perfect for him to join in.  There is
nothing more than fun when he is with us.  He seems to accept it for just
that, no other strings attached.  For me, I wouldn't mind him joining in
more if you and he wanted."

"You're dead right, no problem with Barry.  If he's game, he can join us
anytime.  He's a bit shy though, I'll have to have a word with him and tell
him straight, so he doesn't misunderstand."

So that was settled, Barry wouldn't come between me and Brian, yet we could
have more fun with him, if he was game.

After we had lunch, we went topside for a breath of fresh air.  It was
chilly but invigorating, I guess that might have been because we didn't
have to work in it.

In the afternoon, I went to see the Sparks, and find if the agent had
brought any mail on for me.  There was three letters, the first from one of
my friends back home, one from Uncle Billy and one with a U.S. stamp in the
corner.

My heart missed a beat when I realised who it was from.  I tore out of his
office and back to my cabin.  Ripping open the envelope, I saw the neat
hand of Jess on the page.  I couldn't focus to read at first but just held
it while I stared at the paper.  I pulled myself together and sat on the
bed to see what he had to say.

He told me he hadn't broached the subject with Dave yet but was spending
more time with him than before.  Now he knew, he said Dave dropped a quite
a few hints now and again and he was doing his best to drop a few of his
own, without being too obvious.  His other big news was that they were both
assigned for a stint on a Puerto Rico naval station.  He was looking
forward to it and he thought, being away from the rest of the guys would
enable him to confide more in Dave, plus he wouldn't have his woman there
either.  A couple of photographs were enclosed too, which I slipped into my
wallet.  Finally, he spelt out clearly the address for my reply.  I vowed
to have a letter ready for posting as soon as I left the ship.

God, what a great day it had been!  And we still had the night to go.

The End

Hope you enjoyed. Any comments welcome to John, bokjay123@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Thu, 7 Sep 2017 10:51:57 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen4-Balitmore Blues - 4 of 7 - Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Able Semen 4, Baltimore Blues.
 By John -- bokjay123@hotmail.com

Part 1

With telling some of my good experiences, a few have asked if it was all
great. Weren't there any bad times?  I didn't think being initiated by
Henry and Charley was especially great, although I suppose in a way it
opened me up to my relationship with Brian.  Perhaps if it were not for
them, I wouldn't have been in the position to accept Brain and the idea of
sex with men.  It's a hard one to ponder, but as for something that wasn't
great, period, then it must have been Baltimore.

Of course after Galveston and leaving Jess, I was upset.  But with having
plenty to do around the ship, it slipped to the back of my mind as I got on
with the work.  I didn't tell Brian though, it was something I had to keep
to myself, a very personal experience that really touched me deep
inside. Also, I hadn't quite come to grips with all the emotions it had
brought, the loving and the leaving behind, it was something I had never
experienced before.  But I never felt the need to tell anyone about it.

Soon enough we were sailing up the Chesapeake Bay heading for Baltimore,
which was our last port of call in the U.S.A.  We were loading machinery
destined for England and for once, everything went smoothly and we had
finished up and battened down the hatches by late afternoon.  The next day
we were due to sail to Halifax Nova Scotia, so there was no time to see
anything of the city.

After dinner, Brian was saying we had been invited to go to another ship on
the same berth.  One of our crew had a friend on that vessel and tonight
there was a birthday party.  We talked to Barry about it, so the four of us
decided to go along for a few drinks after dinner and get a change of
scenery.

I got changed, feeling good at being able to kind of dress up for something
special instead of the usual "anything will do around the ship" kind of
thing.  I had some cut-offs, good ones where I had been able to fray all
the material edges on legs, so they looked exactly right.  For the top, I
wore a white tank-top which came just to the waistline of the shorts.  I
thought it looked really cool!

My body was shaping up, not that I was doing anything really physical, just
the fact I was doing active work.  The puppy fat was turning into something
more solid.  I hadn't changed any dimensions, still 29" waist and the same
weight, well almost, but after a teenage life of reading books, working was
definitely changing my body.  Also, being out of reach of my father, I had
let my hair grow down to my shoulders, something he would have gone crazy
about at home.  With plenty of sunbathing, my blond hair had bleached out
giving a real streaky look.  For the first time ever, I was conscious that
I didn't look too bad, even if I say so myself.

As we walked down the quay joking and laughing, I wondered at what the
other ship would be like.  The Harmonia was the only one I had been on in
fact, so I was looking forward to going on board and seeing another vessel.
As we got close, I could see she was much bigger than ours and more modern
too.  Alan from our crew had been on her before, so he led the way to a
mess room. Actually, it was a really a large lounge with carpets and
sofa's, proper furniture and a far cry from ours with its basic wooden
chairs and Formica-topped tables.

I looked around at a party in full swing till Alan grabbed my arm and took
us to meet with his friend.  They gave us a good welcome and soon we were
all talking to other members of their crew.  Just like on our ship, they
were eager to chat with some new faces and get away from those around them
which they knew so well.  Soon I had half a dozen guys competing for my and
Brian's ear.  Unlike with ours, this crew had a very mixed nationality.  I
couldn't guess where they were all from, but everyone seemed to speak
English with strange accents.  Only Alan's friend appeared to be from
England.

They had a good party, the spread of food was impressive and with no
disrespect for Norman, I don't think we could have put on something like
this.  The drinks too, there were plenty both in variety and quantity.
Instead of my usual beer, all kinds of stuff I had never tasted before was
being handed to me by the guys around us, wanting me to sample their
favourite drink from back home.  For the first time, I tried Tequila.  That
really made me shudder and they all laughed at my reaction.  Doing the
beer, then the Tequila with the lemon and salt, it seemed crazy to me, but
many of them were enjoying and I had to follow suit, at least for a while.

With a few drinks under my belt, I didn't mind being pulled to where some
of them were dancing.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, very friendly and
carefree.  Most of the guys I was talking too came and danced in one group,
each of them doing some moves to impress and joke with their friends and
me.  I was really having a good time.

And so the evening progressed, with a break for some food, more drinks and
dancing and then more drinks again.  A perfect party.

Back on the floor, I overbalanced and crashed into one of the guys.  They
gave me a cheer as I struggled to get back to my feet.  One moment I was
dancing, the next it was suddenly difficult to get back up.  I did, but
backed off the floor and got to a space by the wall and leant against it,
trying to get my wits again.  I was drunk, not realising before.  The music
filled my ears, and I had to try hard focusing on anything that got my
attention, and my legs began to feel weak.  On top of all that, I began
getting a queasy feeling in my stomach.  I knew I had better get to the
toilet just in case.  Besides, it would be cooler out of the room and I
knew that would help me feel better.

I asked one of the guys which way to the toilets.  He took me to the door
and pointed down a corridor and told me where to go.  As I walked along, I
had a walk next to the wall and use my hand for support.  Instead of
feeling better, my head started to spin and I stopped to catch my breath
for a moment.  But I had to go on, I didn't want to get to a stage of
throwing up where I was, so I edged along following the directions till
after a few turns I found myself inside the toilet room.

I leant over the sink and stuck my fingers down my throat.  I knew I had to
clear my stomach of all the crap I had been throwing down.  Sure enough, it
all came tumbling out.  I couldn't see myself in the mirror my head was
spinning so much.  Throwing water on my face, I tried to clean up then
staggered to lean against the back wall for some time, trying to pull
myself together.

With not moving, I began to feel a bit better and decided to take a
piss. Again I stumbled over to the stalls, quickly aware that the rest of
my body was out of synch.  My legs were weak and my knees kept buckling.  I
took some of my weight by leaning onto the stall dividers and took a
breath.  Suddenly one arm slipped off the porcelain divider and I fell
forward cracking my head against the wall in front of me.  With that, I
lurched back away from the stalls again.  Shit, my head was back to
spinning around and I couldn't see where I was.

I got back to the stall and tried to get a grip of myself.  Someone came in
and began using the one next to me.

"Hey, Mr Dance Man, you not looking so good eh?", came some voice in a
thick accent.  I didn't look at him but I could hear him peeing.

When he had finished, he said, "Hey Mister, you need some help, you looking
pretty trashed up man."

"You're right, I am."

I was staring into the drain trying to will myself the energy and balance
long enough to take my hands off the porcelain and undo my shorts so I
could piss.  He took my arm on his shoulder to support me which enabled me
to stand up straight.  With my other hand, I fumbled with my buttons to try
and open the fly, but my fingers kept slipping off them not able to
coordinate.

He must have tired waiting, because he said, "Let me do that, we will be
here all night, or you piss your pants first."

His hands quickly flicked open the waist and fly, then he pushed his hand
under the elastic of my briefs and pulled out my cock, pointing it at the
stall.

"Oh, thanks man," I slurred, knowing he was right.  I stood there letting
go, counting how many drinks I was passing into the drain, hoping I
wouldn't stop till everyone I had drunk that night flowed out and took my
drunkenness with it.

When I finished, I could feel him milking the last drops off the end and
let it slip back into my briefs.

"Thanks, pal," grateful for his help in a lousy situation.  I looked at him
for the first time and tried to place him in the party room, but couldn't.
"I know you from the party?"

"Si, I see you there, dancing too much," he laughed.

He was some kind of Latino, don't ask me from where exactly, just I knew
the Spanish type of accent and he looked like every Mexican I had ever seen
in the cowboy movies.  Black hair, a light moustache, a bit short and
stocky and his shirt open down to his waist showing a thick hairy chest.

I fumbled trying to button up again but was not having any luck.

"Mr Dance man is not so quick now, no? He smiled, amused at my predicament.

"Shit, how can this be so difficult," I said, getting exasperated.  I lost
balance and staggered backwards, but my new friend quickly got to my side
and stopped me from falling.

"Hey man, you need to sit down, take a rest for a while.  What your name?"
he asked.

"Oh, thanks man," grateful for the assistance. I'm Mike, what's yours?"

He laughed, "The Good Samaritan or Miguel whichever you want!"

"Okay Miguel thanks, you're right, if I don't sit down I'm gonna fall
down."

"Si, come", he said, putting his arm around me and guided me to the far end
of the room and into one of the cubicles.

He put down the seat cover and then helped me to sit down.  I was a bit
confused as to why we were here and not going back to the party, but I
couldn't ask my mind to think about it.  He bent down to feel my forehead,
then pushed my head down to my knees and told me to stay like that for a
while.  I did as he said, closing my eyes and trying to make my mind stop
jumping around.

"You feel better soon," Miguel said, stroking my head a bit, letting his
fingers run through my hair, which was very relaxing.

It only seemed like a minute before he said; "Now Mr Mike, how are we
feeling now?"

I sat up and looked at him smiling.  "Feels a lot better now, I don't think
I am going to throw up anymore, yes it's helped a lot."

He squatted on his haunches and felt my forehead again.

"Yes, I think maybe we take you back now."

First, he pulled up my tank top so he could fasten the waist buttons on my
shorts, but then he couldn't do the fly with me sitting, so he told me to
stand up.  He helped me stand and I was anxious to feel how my legs would
carry me now.  He took my place on the toilet seat and again set about
fastening me up.

He had trouble doing the first one up, the lower one.  I never open it, so
the material hadn't given enough to get the button back through easily.
Instead of just leaving it, Miguel persisted which meant his hands were
pushing against my crotch.  In no time, and without my permission, I sprang
a boner that pushed out my briefs right in front of his eyes.  He said
nothing but continued trying to get the button through the hole, till at
last, he gave up trying.  He just shrugged and then looked up at me.  As I
stared back, all that filled my vision was my hard dick sticking straight
out in front, just about going over his head. For some reason, I thought it
extremely funny.

With both hands, he pulled my shorts together, but that left my dick
sticking out between his hands. Miguel laughed and pushed it back, but it
just sprang out again before he could close up my fly.  It was embarrassing
but also amusing too, especially with my drunken state of mind, it gave me
the giggles.

"You are out of control Mister," said Miguel grinning.

"I know, fun isn't it?"

He squeezed through the cotton briefs as if to strangle it, but that just
made it throb harder.  Then he pulled down my briefs letting it flop out in
front.

"Shoo, Mary and Joseph!" he exclaimed.  "Amigo, you got a big dick for a
small guy," he said in some amazement.

"Everyone tells me that," I smirked, still thinking the situation to be
hilarious.

"Oh, like who?" asked Miguel.

"Oh, my boyfriend ..."-- I stopped for a second, then continued, "..... my
friend, Brian, he said it was big."  I trailed off realising what I had
said and not being able to take it back.

"Oh, so, you have boyfriend eh?" said Miguel in a knowing way.  "I see now,
so Mister Dancer also dance in the bed for boyfriend, no?"

I was dumbfounded and couldn't think of anything to reply.  But he didn't
wait for an answer as he took hold of my cock, then felt my balls.  His
rough hand slipped under my briefs and eased round to my arse, squeezing
and kneading the cheeks.  I panicked and backed away from him, but with my
shorts slipping down my legs, I crashed back into the wall of the cubicle.

He rose and bent forward to pick me back up, at the same time he placed one
foot on my shorts between my legs and then lifted me up so that his foot
pressed my briefs and shorts to the floor.  I struggled to push him off,
but he was strong and kept his arms tight around me.  Edging back to the
toilet, he sat back down and pulled me with him.

"No, no Miguel," I shouted.

"Ah my golden angel, Miguel very quick, don't fight me and it will be over
real quick, I promise."

I protested and fought, but I was not in a position to do much about it.

In moments, he had been able to release his own cock from his pants.  He
shuffled to the edge of the toilet and then leant back against the tank.
Then he hitched me up his stomach and with one hand brought his cock to my
ass hole.  It happened so fast, that before I realised what he had done,
both arms wrapped around me preventing escape.  His hips bucked up strongly
and I felt his cock head find the mark and push the lips apart.  I cried
out, both at the humiliation and at the pain, he was doing it dry.

To stop me screaming, one hand moved to my head and brought me roughly to
his lips. His tongue probed hungrily, making it impossible to make a noise
except grunt with the pain of his invasion.  I could taste cigarettes and
whisky and something else he had been eating recently.  On and on he went
bucking his hips, jerking his cock bit by bit up my arse.

At last, he was home. "Si, now I fuck your pussy kid," as if explaining the
situation in case I didn't know.

Changing his rhythm he began fucking, as against just trying to get inside
my ass.  He panted heavily so could no longer kiss at the same time.

"Come on kid, I know I'm not the first one, relax and let me fuck you good,
then I finish quick, si?"

I stopped fighting, it was killing me anyway and I knew the only way out
was to relax as he said, or he would rip me apart.

"Oh, you're a good boy, see, you make Miguel come real quick."  He smiled,
still humping as fast as he could go.  His eyes rolled up into his head and
his face changed to a pained expression.

"Oh kid, I'm gonna shoot up you ass, man you have a great pussy.  Oh! Oh!
Oh!.....

I felt my insides catch fire as he emptied his load.

My body crumpled against him now it was over, my nerves frazzled and senses
shot.  But I didn't have long to savour the peace.  Miguel yanked out his
cock in one fast movement making me shout at the shock.

"Don't worry kid", he said smiling again, "I'll put it back again in just a
moment".

Pushing me off, he stood up and moved me around, bending me over the
toilet.  He stepped up behind and without any preliminaries pushed it
straight back inside, making me howl.  He leant over my back, clamping his
hand over my mouth.

"Take it easy kid, Miguel is very quick again.  Just relax and give me your
ass, then we can all go home, si?"

He gave my ass some rapid-fire pounding.  With having to support myself
against the tank his hands we free to roam over my back, play with my hair
and feel my dick.  But I wasn't hard, not with what I was going through.
All I could hear was the slapping of his groin against my ass, echoing
around the tiled room.  For a moment it sounded like the beat of a snare
drum.  Luckily, he was a man of his word and soon he was gasping for
breath, now hanging on to me for support as the short strokes came again.

"Oh my angel, look what you made me do, I'm gonna shoot again," he cried as
he let go a second load inside me.

I was virtually hung on his dick for when he pulled out, I slumped onto the
toilet exhausted.  The tension in my leg muscles had turned them to jelly,
not to mention the alcohol.  Strangely, he took some tissue from the holder
and cleaned up my ass.  Grabbing my shorts he put them on for me, but he
stuffed the briefs back into the pocket.

He went to the sink and washed his dick.  I tried to walk out, but my legs
wouldn't work at all.  I leant against the wall wondering what to do.  When
he finished drying his hands, Miguel came back over.

"Now that wasn't so bad was it?" he said.  "You know, I like you, I like
you a lot kid.  I think I will introduce you to some of my friends, you
will like them."

"No, I want to go back to my mates."

"Okay, I take you back to the party kid, but first you come and meet my
friends, si?"

With that, he picked me up in his arms, opened the door and walked out and
down the corridor.


Part 2

I resigned myself to letting him take me, hoping I could get back to Brian.
He pushed open a cabin door and edged us both through.  Inside you could
hardly see, the smoke was that thick.  It was someone's cabin, with about a
dozen or so men sat on the floor playing cards in groups or sleeping in any
space they had.  Bottles of whisky were everywhere, most of them empty and
lying scattered around the floor.  Miguel walked over to one of the beds
and dropped me onto it.

He rattled off something in Spanish and they all looked over.  Turning, he
said in English "This is Angel, I found him up on the A deck
landing. Angel, these are my friends."

Most of them began sniggering and laughing.  I wanted to get up and leave
but as I tried, Miguel stopped me and pushed me back.  Two guys got up,
throwing in their cards and came over to talk to Miguel.  They all had the
same looks as Miguel.  This crowd had not dressed for any party, for most
were in dirty vests and shorts as if they had just finished work in the
engine room.  Many looked like they could do with a shave if not a shower.
I could see they were all a bit drunk by the way the talked and jostled
each other, even if I couldn't understand what they were saying.

It was hard to see them once they had stood up.  For the card game, they
had the table lights on the floor, so everything above a couple of feet was
in shadow.  I knew they were looking at me, then back to Miguel as he
continued babbling on and on.  Then they sat on the edge of the bed and
turned to look me over.

Miguel said, "Angel boy, this is Antonio and Martin, they are my good
friends, I think they will be yours too."  He gave a horrible laugh.

One reached over and held my face looking into my eyes, then let his hand
run through my hair.

One said, "What are you kid, a real angel or just another gambero?"

I didn't know what he meant by that, but Miguel said, "Tony, he is a sweet
kid," and reached across and patted my thigh.

Back into Spanish till the other one put his hand on my knee and moved it
slowly up my leg, lifting the material to let his hand slip under.  I moved
to stop him, but the other one grabbed my hand allowing his friend to
continue till I could feel his fingers working over my ass.

"Miguel, I wanna go now, please let me go."

"Later kid, just hang on for a while and lets party a little."  He gave me
an exaggerated wink.

The Tony guy moved to sit up by the bed head, the other one sat down by my
feet and Miguel in the middle.  The other guys in the room went back to
playing cards.  I wondered what I got myself into.  Horrified I watched as
Tony gave a laugh and pulled down the zip on his shorts.  Slowly he turned
towards me and pulled out his hard cock.

"No, No," I begged, but his hand was already on the back of my head shoving
me into his crotch.

I could hear them laughing as it slipped between my lips and he started
working his hips, pushing in and out.  He smelled strongly of sweat,
reminding me of Henry and Charley at the end of a working day.

After a minute or so, I could feel hands working back on my legs, moving up
to my ass.  I wasn't wearing my underwear so it was easy to get at me.  I
tried to pull off Antonio, but he kept me in place.  Other hands grabbed my
arms preventing me from stopping the probing fingers.  I couldn't see what
was going on, my only view was the bush of pubic hair surrounding a thick
stubby cock that was jamming itself into my mouth.

I could feel the button being flicked open on my shorts and I struggled
hard to free myself from their grip.  It was no use though, they were far
stronger than I and to prove it, someone punched me hard in the chest.

"Take it easy kid," someone said.  I gave in realising that it was useless
to struggle.

My shorts were pulled down and off my ankles.  Unseen hands roamed over my
thighs, stomach, cock and arse.  I tensed as I felt fingers push into my
hole.  I knew what was coming and couldn't do a thing about it.

I guessed it was Martin who climbed up the bed and got up behind.  He
pushed one knee between mine, lifting my upper leg.  Then I felt his cock
press up against my hole.  If I could say I was lucky, it was that I was
lubricated with two loads from Miguel, for he pushed straight inside
without giving me any time to adjust and began fucking vigorously.

Antonio pulled me hard against him almost cutting off my air supply.  Then
he let go his load down my throat. When he had finished he let me go and I
backed off his fat cock coughing and gasping, at least happy that I could
breathe again.

"Not bad kid," he said, "for a first try."

He twisted my ear lobe and laughed, then rolled away stood up.  Now I could
see the room again, two or three other guys were standing there watching.
They were horny and rubbing themselves.  The quickest one jumped to take
Antonio's place, quickly dropping his pants to reveal a big cock, which I
had to take between my lips.  Martin was groaning loudly, coming to a
finish.  His fingernails dug into my hips as he went into climax and I felt
each pulse of his cock spilling hot juice within.

When he pulled out, another of those watching climbed on the bed.  This one
wanted me on my knees and roughly pulled me up.  I couldn't understand what
he was saying so he just knocked me into the position he wanted.  He got up
behind and pushed home.  The other one got on the bed too, moving the guy
in my face further over to make room.  I had now two fighting to get into
my mouth.  They were laughing as first one, and then the other pushed their
fat cocks between my lips.  They tried to put both in at the same time but
I was not able to take them.

As one came down my throat, the other splattered the side of my face with
his load, making me lick it clean when the other had pulled out.  Soon I
felt the now familiar burning sensation as the one in my rear finished.  I
was exhausted.  I had cum up my nose, in my eyes and I could feel it
running out of my ass and down my legs.

My mind and body went numb, I couldn't cope with it all.  But these were
just the first ones.  Soon I couldn't tell one from another.  Then one guy
got on the bed.  He had me on my back and pulled up my legs and pushed them
back towards my shoulders. His face had a permanent smirk.  I cried out as
he put the weight of his upper body directly onto my legs so that I thought
he would break my back but he just grinned.  He manoeuvred his hips so his
cock was opposite my hole and then whammed inside.  I screamed out making
some of the guys watching to say something to him.  Miguel told him to go
easy or he would kill me.

He didn't say anything except, "We'll see," and then fucked me really hard
till I thought I would pass out with the pain.

All the time he just grinned, loving to see me being hurt.  I could hear
someone else tell him to let up, but he angrily told them to "Back off".
When he finished and pulled out, he threw my legs down on the bed and
sneered, "Fucking puta", spitting on my chest.  He got up and walked over
to a bottle of whisky and swigged it down.

I reckon they must have all had a turn, some more than once.  Through it
all came the realisation that in amongst the cocks I had to suck were ones
that had already been in my ass.  They were doing both ends, the thought of
which made me feel really sick.

Just when I imagined my ordeal was over, one of the men kicked at a
sleeping guy in the corner of the room.  As if he had been forgotten, many
of them got excited and shouted for him to come on over to the bed.  He
stood up and stretched himself.  I could see he was different to the rest
of them, being tall and wide he had the look of an African but his skin
colour was light like coffee.  Realising the situation he smiled and took a
few steps towards me.

Miguel talked quietly in his ear while the rest egged him on to get on the
bed.  They talked to him in English, so I don't know where he came from.

Miguel said, "This my good friend Pierre, after my friend, we go home, si?"
I was thankful to hear those words at last and couldn't wait to get it over
with.

I didn't understand why he should cause so much excitement in the others,
but he did.  He was good looking in fact with his broad grin and square cut
jaw, he was certainly handsome.  He thought for a few moments, and then he
settled down between my legs and undid his shorts.  Different to the rest,
he settled his body down over me but not exactly on me.  His face came up
to mine and he started talking.

"Hey, you are nice man, good looking too."

His big hand stroked my face gently and his fingers traced along my
eyebrows and over my lips.

"You let me do this, I like you very much."

All them had taken me, and here he was asking me if it was okay.  I just
nodded yes as even if I said no I couln't think it would have made any
difference.

The others were in high spirits, urging him to do it.  But he talked to me
as if we were the only ones in the room.

"I want to make you enjoy, just like me.  You think you can do that?" he
asked.

I was a bit put out by all this sudden concern and didn't know what to say,
just I slowly nodded my assent.

"Good, I like we both enjoy."

He leant closer and his lips just feathered mine.  He repeated this a few
times then worked his way around my face, gently kissing me all over.  I
thought it most odd.  Here I was virtually a prisoner, covered in all the
cum and crud from these guys and here he was kissing and getting carried
away as though I smelt of roses, which I surely did not.

But he did make me feel a bit more human again and in that, I relaxed a
little.  His mates kept on at him, even slapping his bum, I could feel him
get pushed into me.  Suddenly he pulled away and lashed out with his fist
to the side of the bed, warning them off.  As he turned back, his face
changed from a snarl to sweetness and he pecked my lips, dipping his tongue
into my mouth.  Every time I looked into his face, his eyes rolled up as if
he was in a world of his own.

"Now baby, just relax, I am gonna put my dick in you, I guess it will hurt
a bit," he whispered.

I already could feel his dick between my legs, although I hadn't seen it.
I knew what to expect or thought I did.  He moved one hand down to guide it
to the mark.  The guys watching hooted and cheered as they saw some action
begin.  I didn't look at them, just focused on this face above me or simply
closed my eyes.

"Yeah Pierre, stick your dick into him, split him in two," someone shouted
and they all laughed.

"Fuck him Pierre, show him your dick before you shove it in him, let him
see what he's gonna get," said another.

I felt him tense and he turned to them, anger in his voice, "You fucking
cunts, you think this kid wants to be here?  You think he enjoys you cunts
fucking his brains out.  Shut the fuck up, you bastards."

I began to wonder what it was all about and a nervous shiver ran through
me.  They went quiet, so quiet I turned slightly to look if they were still
there.  All were standing in a row watching me, stunned by what Pierre had
said, but all the same, hands were rubbing cocks.  There was no mistaking
their anticipation.

Pierre turned his attention back to me trying to get back into the mood of
moments before.  His tongue found mine, gently pushing and probing my
mouth, nibbling my lips with his teeth.  I closed my eyes and willed myself
into another world.  His dick hardened again between my legs and I felt his
breathing speed a little.  Slowly his hand went back between us,
positioning his cock for entry.

"Baby, you ready?  I want to push it in now," he whispered.

I nodded my head and felt him respond by moving his hips up, bringing his
cock to push against my ass.  His fingers felt in my hole, already big and
wet from the others.  The head moved into the entrance and the heat swept
up my body like a wave across a still pond.

"Relax baby, just relax," his mouth fastened onto mine, sucking my tongue
hard.

I gave it him, letting him draw it up into his mouth.  I was losing myself
in his caresses, giving myself up to him, willingly.

Blackness. Blackness broken by lightning.  Lightning searing through me
from somewhere lower down my body, coursing up along every fibre.  Up into
my mouth.  Breaking into the world with a scream that came from a place I
didn't know I possessed.  I broke free of his kiss gasping for air, my body
spasmed and shook.

A hand closed over my mouth.  "Baby, its okay, I'm in now, just relax."

I heard a murmur from those watching, the sound of whistles of amazement
penetrated my ears.  Tears ran freely, he kissed them.

"Don't cry baby, the worst is over now," he said softly.  His hands held me
firmly, so I was unable to break free in my panic.  Ever so slowly the pain
abated.  The fire in my guts died down and I didn't vomit as I thought I
was going to do.  Now I felt cold, my body shivered as the shock swept
fully over me.  But Pierre never stopped kissing, whispering encouragement,
telling me it was alright.

I calmed down and he asked if I was okay.

"Yes, I think so," I replied.

"Good, now we fuck," he said.  "Don't worry, I be very gentle with you my
angel."

His head dropped onto my shoulder biting the muscle back and forth.  His
hips lifted higher forcing my legs further apart.  Our slight body
movements sent earthquake jolts through me which increased to explosive
proportions as he moved his dick, first pulling it very slowly almost out,
waiting for a second or two, then just as slowly pushing it back in. Again
my body involuntarily bucked and shook, but he knew I would and held me
tight.

"There, now it be a bit easier, no?" he said.

I looked at him in disbelief and found him smiling back, his big brown eyes
wet and twinkling.

"Come on baby, don't fight me, just give me your body, everything will be
okay.  We gonna have a nice fuck, you and me."

He pushed very hard again, almost moving me up the bed.  I could feel more
of his cock enter my ass.  Each time he stopped, he bent forward and kissed
me making me think he was fully home.  But then he pushed hard once more
and slid further inside.  I could feel it pressing things deep inside, feel
my guts trying to rearrange themselves to make way.

I knew this was different now, I could hear the men watching say things
like "Wow, look at that!".  This was what all the fuss was about, Pierre
was something to behold and I could feel him splitting me down the middle.

"Yeah, I think now you okay," Pierre said, "We fuck now."

He closed his eyes and began a slow deep rhythm of pulling almost out then
in one motion, pushing all the way in.  He revelled in doing it slowly,
taking every last drop of feeling to be had from the slightest movement.  I
guess I was lucky really, otherwise, I would be dead.

He took his time; it was not going to be anything quick.  I looked at our
audience; most had their cocks out and were playing and jerking.  Their
mouths were hanging open, watering at the performance.  I didn't know what
position Pierre held but I knew if it had been anyone else, they would be
fighting to grab any part of me they could get, just like a short time ago.
But for now, they kept their distance and didn't interfere.

The only way I could take him was by relaxing fully.  I strained to open
myself as wide as possible, for if I allowed my ass to tighten even
slightly, the pain became unbearable.  I adjusted my position as far as I
could to find the easiest of all the evils.  Pierre's speed moved up a
notch, but thankfully remaining in the first gear category.

"You are a good fuck baby," he whispered, "your ass is a beautiful place
for me.  You come and work on this ship and we do like this every day."

I thought he must be crazy, but then I heard a gurgle of laughter fall out
of him.  I looked into his face and there he was grinning back.

"Come on man, let's enjoy this fuck, together, let go, come on enjoy, enjoy
it man, you ain't never had no-one like Pierre before."  He laughed again,
and I was forced to grin back.

Again his speed increased, his eyes closed and he lifted his head back,
losing himself in dreams.  Moments later, he glanced again.

"Angel, I'm ready to come now, just hold on for a minute."

Reaching behind, his hands cupped under my thighs and lifted my legs back.
He placed my hands on them indicating I should hold them myself.  He moved
his place a little to correspond with our new position, then gave me a wink
and recommenced drilling my ass.  Now I could look down my body and was
shocked at what I saw.  I had seen big dicks before in the form of first
Charley and then the guy in Africa.  I didn't know they came any bigger on
a man than that.  People didn't even joke about what I was now looking at.
Suddenly I became afraid of the damage he might be doing and ran a
checklist of feeling this and that.  Everything felt okay, but still, I
couldn't comprehend something I had only seen on four legs in the paddock.
How could it possibly fit inside me?  But then I remembered the shock of
him forcing his way in.  That kind of confirmed that I was normal in a
funny kind of way.

I was brought out of my wonderings by his moans.  I looked up; sweat now
trickled down his face and sparkled down on his chest.

"Oh kid, you ready for me? I'm coming...."

His voice trailed off and his hips worked faster and faster for the last
moments.  Another moan and his cock jerked sharply deep inside physically
pushing me up the bed.  I could feel his hot liquids filling me up till his
last thrusts died away and he lowered himself back onto my chest.  A cheer
came from the onlookers.  An excited gabble of Spanish started up.
Pierre's lips closed over mine.

"Thanks, kid, you were really beautiful, I mean it, you're a great kid,
should feel proud of yourself."

He kissed me deeply again then gently lifted up, slowly pulling out.  He
watched my face and stopped every time he could see me twitch with pain.
Finally, the end popped free with a smack and now I could see the whole
thing. It was extremely long and fat, a much darker colour than the rest of
him, all shiny and wet with still some juice dropping off the end.  I just
could not believe that thing had been inside me.  He looked around for his
pants and walked over to the other side of the room to put them on.

"Bravo, bravo," someone was saying.  Hands reached over to pat my chest.

"Yeah kid, really great."

More hands touching and playfully slapping me, they were all excited and
laughing and talking.  I unhooked my arms from under my knees and slowly
began to lower my legs, as always the joints felt seized up with the
tension.  Hands reached out to help me.  Still more hands ran over my body
as if they were confirming I was real.  Someone I couldn't see took hold of
my dick, which I hadn't given a thought about in the whole episode. He
pulled it a few times trying to put some life into it.  It responded a
little, more on automatic than any command from me.  Other hands weighed my
balls, running the loose skin between their fingers.  Fingers slipped into
my hole, probing around looking for God knows what.

I looked up at them again.  They were still running through it all between
themselves, with three or four stroking their cocks.  All were still hard.

"How it feel kid, it felt good? You look like you enjoy anyway."  They
laughed.

"Bet you never see a cock like that in your life eh?"

"How it feel kid, that big thing up your ass, bet you loved it"

More laughter.  Fingers dug deeper inside me.

"Hey kid, bet you could sail this fucking ship up there."  Hands grabbed my
legs, lifting and separating them.  They moved down the bed to have a
better look.  Thumbs pried my ass cheeks apart, more fingers felt as if
they were inserted.

I made an effort to get up, but they were too many around me.  I felt a
pressure on my ass again and someone laughed loudly.  One guy was between
my legs and had put his dick up me for another go.  They cheered him and
within moments even before I could try to do anything, he came.  Standing
up, another one took his place.  They were all in frenzy.  One couldn't
wait and knelt up on the bed beside my head, pushing his cock deep into my
mouth.  Again, in a moment he came and moved away, letting another do the
same thing.  It was one mad finale, each of them so worked up they were
coming within seconds almost, of putting their dicks in my ass or mouth.  I
felt totally numbed.

I heard the voice of Miguel shouting, pushing some of them off.  "Haven't
you guys ever had enough?" he was saying.

One who hadn't had another turn started arguing with him.  It was heated
but I couldn't understand what was being said.  The guy tried to push
Miguel away, but he responded with a punch to the side of his face.  The
guy lunged for Miguel, but the rest of them grabbed him and started
shouting and pushing him off.

Miguel snatched my arm, "Move your ass kid, time to go."

He picked up my pants and just about dragged me off the bed towards the
door while the rest were still pushing and shoving each other.

"You gotta get those shorts on first, we can't walk out of here buck
naked!"

I quickly pulled them up and grabbed my tank top, putting it on once we
were through the door.

"See what you do to those guys, they ain't never seen anyone like you,
don't know when to call it quits!"  he said almost to himself and gave a
chuckle.

I liked the way everything was my fault as if I had started the whole thing
off.

Miguel walked quickly down the corridor, but I couldn't keep up with him.
The muscles in the backs of my legs were killing me and my hips and pelvis
area ached like mad.  When he realised I wasn't with him, he came back,
putting an arm around me to take some of the weight off, and also hurry me
along.

Part 3

We went up another level, I was vaguely aware of coming this way before.
Suddenly he pulled me through a door and into the toilet room we had been
in at the start.

"What are you doing?" I asked him, worried that he might have cooked up
something else for me.

"Hey kid, you stink like shit, I take you back like that, someone's going
to ask questions and we all be in trouble.  Got to get you cleaned up
first, make you back into the kid I saw upstairs."

He pointed at some of the mess on me and I realised he was right.

"First, go take a dump, you must be full of the stuff, maybe you will get
the shits when you least expect it if you don't."

Again, after he said it, I was now aware that my stomach felt inflated like
a balloon.  I did as he told me and sat on the toilet.  He was dead right,
it was like a jizz enema!

But I came out of the cubicle feeling a lot better, grateful that he was
thinking about the situation and not just abandoning me.

"Right strip off and let's get that crud off, you smell like a whore
house."

I wondered about someone coming in and looked at the door.

"It's okay", said Miguel, we sometimes take a few passengers and this is
their deck, only there ain't none on this trip.  If it makes you feel any
better...."

He moved to put the trashcan under the door handle so it couldn't be
opened.  He grabbed some toilet rolls from the cabinet and wet hand-fulls
of tissue.  Starting with my back, he began wiping me down, cleaning off
all the dried cum and whatever.  I stood at the sink looking at myself in
the mirror, wondering what it was about me that got me into this mess.

He worked down to my ass and legs.  I was embarrassed to be cleaned by
someone, but without the use of a shower, I couldn't see what I looked like
at the back, so I had to rely on Miguel.

"How about you helping out here," he said, "give your face a wash, you can
do that while I am doing this."

Running some water, I brought handfuls to my face first to clean my mouth
back into a taste I was familiar with, then to my face, submerging it as
long as possible to feel it's coolness and wake me up.

Miguel was a rough guy, but he was also caring in a funny kind of way.
Very conscientiously he wiped everywhere, including my ass hole.  I guess
he had an interest in that, but still, not many people would go that far I
think.  Producing a comb from his pocket, he did my hair, first wetting it
to dissolve the human super-glue that had made me look like I'd been
dragged through a hedge backwards.

"There, you look like an Angel again."

I looked better and felt a whole lot better and told him so.

He patted my ass, "how is this, any problems there?"

"So far, it feels okay," I told him, "but I guess I will get the damage
reports in tomorrow."

He laughed, working his fingers into my hole he said.  "For anyone to take
Pierre, you feel awfully tight again now."

"Yeah, well, I think I was anaesthetised by all the others first or you
would be running me to the hospital right now."

"You see, you never know when something bad turns out to be something
good," he laughed at his own joke.

I was watching him through the mirror, looking over my shoulder at me
smiling.

"Angel, how about one more before we go, I'm feeling so hot now you are
looking your best again."

"No way", I said, "Don't you think I have done enough?"

"Ah, come on, one more won't hurt you, if it wasn't for me rescuing your
ass in there, just imagine how you would have ended up."

"But it was you who took me there," I complained.

"Yeah, but I didn't know it would go that far, sorry for that kid."  He
sounded it as well actually.  "But, come on, just for me, you are not going
to refuse me after I got you ship shape again are you?"

I was passed arguing, my mind no longer capable of reasoning or resisting
anymore.  I heard his zip go and his jeans pushed down.  I leant across the
sink and waited.  Miguel bent down and parted my ass cheeks.

"Smooth as a baby's bottom and as pink as a virgins pussy."

He kissed my hole, wetting it with his tongue, then stood up.

"Now kid, just do this for me, okay?"

Leaning over my back, he hooked his hips up to force entry.  Slowly he
increased his weight till it broke through and slid inside.  Although it
got so I couldn't feel any of those guys in the cabin, thankfully in a way,
I could feel Miguel enter me now and the heat of his dick once it was
inside.

"Kid you are so tight, even after all that, you are unbelievable!  How
could anyone not want to fuck you, I don't know, they wouldn't be right in
their head.  You are fucking fantastic."

He was talking to himself rather than to me. His hands ran up and down my
back when he stood straight, and he bit my shoulders gently when he bent
over.  His dick was fat and I could feel every one of his moves up inside.

He fucked in long strokes, not too fast so it didn't cause any discomfort.
Once he found his rhythm, this time he was touching that good place inside
that I liked, the first time this night it had registered.

"If you knew how good this felt, you wouldn't begrudge me," and slapped my
bum, but I didn't tell him he wasn't so bad after all.

"Oh but you just make me come so quick," he murmured.  Catching me by
surprise, he stopped and pulled out.

"Got to stop or I will come, I don't want just yet.  Angel, turn around and
sit on the counter."

I stood up and sat on the edge.  He moved between my legs and then raised
them to rest on his shoulders.  Leaning back against the wall I closed my
eyes.

"What's wrong, too scary to look?" he laughed again.

I opened them and watched him jerk himself to full hard again.  He moved
closer and paused.

"You ready?"

I nodded yes.

"I got a million Miguel's gonna try and make you a mother."

He certainly made it amusing if nothing else, I was forced to laugh,
couldn't help it!  He slid back inside and resumed the action, bringing
drops of sweat to his brow.  He had to hold me tight because he tended to
knock me away from the edge so he couldn't get access.

He stopped again, "No good, I keep losing you this way, get down on the
floor."

It was cold tiles and I shivered at the thought.  But he didn't mean for
that, grabbing my clothes he dropped them on the floor, then he stripped
completely adding his own and covered a patch big enough to lie on.

I laid on my back, Miguel kneeling between my legs, and then lifted them to
the right height.

"This is better, my favourite position."

He could drop his full weight on me this way and make sure he was fully
inside.  He began again slowly and asked me to play with myself.  My cock
had hardened stood at the counter, but then retreated again in the awkward
sitting position.  I stroked it back into life.  Looking back at this
evening I could see myself on that bed, with all those cocks ready to take
turns at me.  It was bad, but now in my mind's eye, it was as if it was a
different person who was being fucked.  My dick rose to full mast and then,
at last, I began to enjoy the sex with Miguel.

When he saw, he got turned on even more and increased the speed, driving
deep inside so it almost hurt.  There was no give in the tiles, my ass took
his whole weight on every piston.  He moved faster and faster till on the
final run, he laid down full on me and gripped my shoulders.

"Oh baby, you are fucking fantastic, you are making me come now.  Grip me
hard with your ass, grip me hard."

For half a minute he pounded my ass like there was no tomorrow.  One last
almighty ram, he clenched his hands powerfully round my shoulders and
commenced pumping out his load.  I could feel it too, every pulse gave me a
hot sensation inside that I loved.  In the end, I had to say I enjoyed it.

Miguel was exhausted and lay on me for a minute or two before he found the
energy to move.

"The best baby, the very best, honestly," he complimented.  "Wish you would
come and work on this ship so we could do this every day."

"You forget, I have a boyfriend already," I reminded him.

"Well I can say this, he is one lucky son of a bitch to have you, no
mistake.  I hope he takes good care of you."

"He does okay, no complaints on that score".

He eased himself up and ever so slowly, withdrew his cock.  He was still
hard when he pulled out too.

"Sorry I didn't give you chance to finish," he apologised.  He took hold of
my dick to examine it.

"You are a well-made guy, I think some of those back in the cabin would
have preferred you putting this in them rather than what they did.  I know
for a fact three of them take it up the ass often, but you know how it is,
once they are with their mates, they can't let on, got to do the stud stuff
with the rest of them."

He bent forward and licked the end, really taking me by surprise.  I didn't
take Miguel for anything but the dominant kind at all.  I raised myself on
my elbows to watch him.  After doing the top, he dropped his mouth over the
full length till he gagged.  Pulling back just a little, he then gave me
some good sucking till my nuts began to tighten up and that great feeling
starts somewhere behind your balls.

"Tell you what kid, just to show I not all bastard and as I won't be seeing
you again, how about slipping this into me?"  He waived my dick about.

"I don't know," I said caught off guard and not really in the mood to fuck
someone.

"Yeah you do, course you do kid.  Get up on your knees," he commanded.

As I did, he went on all fours away from me.

"Now kid, slip it in nice and gentle, it's been years since anyone dicked
me.  But just tonight, I want it again from you!"

Looking at his hairy arse, it was not exactly my cup of tea.  But before I
could make a move Miguel moved back, reached around for my dick and placed
it against his hole.  He pressed tight, moving his ass around to help ease
it in.

"Come on kid, show some spirit, I can't believe you always lie on your back
and get fucked."

Once the head of my dick touched that hot spot of his hole, I saw things in
a different light.  An electrical charge ran through me, making my dick
feel like it just expanded ten fold.  Yes, it would be good to fuck him,
kind of pay him back for bringing all this on me tonight.

I leant across his back and pressed my loins tight against him.  He grunted
and moaned as it inched it's way little by little into his very tight ass.

"Fuck it hurts, but I want it, come on, give it me, I'm giving you
permission to fuck me into next year if you are up to it."

Once inside that familiar feeling put paid to any apprehension.  I soon
fell into enjoying rodding his tight ass for all I was worth, bringing
groans and moans from Miguel.  I knew I was hurting him, but it was also
the pleasure of pain too.

"My Angel, fuck me, make sure all my kids have blond hair and blue eyes,"
he groaned.

That made me laugh, but I kind of liked the idea.

"Well if they don't, I'll know you've been sleeping around," I told him.

"No I don't do that. Like I said, this is the first time since I was around
your age. So give it me hard, that's what I want now...."  His voice
trailed away into a long moan as I redoubled my efforts.

I was really horny, but after everything I had received that night, there
was some kind of blockage inside.  I wanted to come and felt like it, but
it just kept hovering on the edge, not quite sending me over for ages.  I
fucked him hard and for a long time.  Soon he didn't say anything at all,
whatever he was feeling no sound came out to let me know.

But finally a tingle began inside and I knew it was the sign.

"Miguel, I'm gonna come, do you want me inside?"

"Fucking right I do, I want all your jizz deep inside kid, do it hard man".

And I did.  I pounded him every bit as hard as he did me till I could no
longer hold back and exploded inside.

We stood at adjacent basins washing our dicks.

"You know kid, why don't you come home with me, we could live together, I
wouldn't mind giving you my ass now and again.  Maybe we could rent your
ass out to the guys in the village who were fed up with Louise at the
cantina."

He looked at me seriously and then cracked out laughing.  "Don't get upset
kid, I was only joking, well about the rent anyway."

He continued laughing to himself as we dressed.  Finally, he checked me
over to make sure everything was right and we walked out and made our way
back to the lounge room.

Just before I opened the door, he held my arm.  "Hey kid, yeah well it's
Mike I know.  I just want to say I'm sorry for some of the stuff that
happened tonight.  I never intended it to get out of control like that.  I
know you must be feeling bad, don't blame you.  But I gotta say, I'm not
sorry about what happened in the toilet, I mean it.  You are one great guy.
Just take care of yourself.  Don't get mixed up with any crazy guys like me
in the future, okay?"

"Okay", I said.  "And the toilet bit, that's wasn't bad, not bad at all!"

"Thanks, kid.  See you around."  He walked back down the corridor.  I stood
and watched him till he turned out of sight, then pushed open the door and
went in.

A small group was sat in one corner still drinking, but most people had
gone.  I found Brian, Barry and Alan asleep on one of the couches, whisky
bottles strewn around their feet.  Leaning over Brian, I could smell the
booze and cigarettes wafting up on his breath.  Not a pretty sight.
Shaking him awake, I told him we had to get back to our ship.  Slowly they
all got to their feet.  No one asked me where I had been or commented on
how long I'd been gone.  They had all been too drunk to notice.

Walking back down the quay was difficult.  My legs began aching again
making me walk very slowly.  But the others were having a hard time too,
but not for the same reasons.

The next day, what had happened was uppermost on my mind.  My ass was a bit
sore which I expected, but there was something I couldn't fathom in why
they behaved as they did.  I didn't come up with any answers though.  But
after dinner that evening, I went to see one of the crew who does all the
haircutting.

I had him cut mine short.

If you have enjoyed (or not), your comments are welcome,
John. bokjay123@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Mon, 4 Sep 2017 14:08:44 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen 3-Southern Style. 3 of 7 - Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Able Semen 3, Southern Style.
By John -- bokjay123@hotmail.com

Part 1

Shortly before we arrived in the United States the ship developed a major
problem with the engine.  Therefore we knew we would have to spend some
time doing repairs once we had docked and discharged the cargo.

Sitting in the mess talking with Norman and Brian and some of the crew,
Barry said he had heard that due to a strike, we would not be receiving the
spares for quite some time.  It looked like we might be tied up in
Galveston for at least a week, if not more.

Later the same night, we had a few beers listening to Norman recount the
misspent days of his youth and lots more since he had passed his prime.  He
was good to listen to, for with his theatrical ways there was never a dull
moment.  One of his stories was about New Orleans, which was a place I had
always wanted to go.  Ever since I was a kid and seen a picture of a
riverboat, the idea of visiting had been the background for many a
daydream.

I made an aside that I would love to go, when Norman said simply "Why not
dear?"  I must have looked puzzled for he continued, "We are only along the
coast from there, why don't you and Brian take some time off and visit.
You will absolutely adore it."

That was it, I could think of nothing else for the next couple of days till
we reached Galveston.  I found out where we were in relation to New Orleans
and although it did look a bit far, Norman and another one of the crew said
it was easy to get there. All we had to do was hire car, which you could
pick up very cheaply, unlike in England. I talked it over with Brian and he
was game. So how to get the time off?  That was not going to be a problem
with the ship being idle; we all knew that we would be bored out of our
minds hanging around in the port.  But getting permission was another
matter.

Norman told me to ask Henry, but "just be nice to him."  I was a bit
nervous since we had that bit of a do after San Paulo, I had hardly spoken
a few words with him since.  But I really wanted to do this trip, so I
plucked up courage and went along to his cabin after work, rather than
mention it while we were on the job.  I knew if I asked him there, he would
have made a big issue out of it in front of Charley or another hand, which
I didn't want.

Surprisingly it was easy.  Let me say I was not the green fresh-faced kid
that stepped on this ship in Liverpool earlier.  Now Brian had "shown me
the way", I knew where my inclination lay and now for the first time I knew
it could be a means to an end.

Henry was in his vest and boxer shorts after his shower when I went to see
him.  Still drying his hair, he told me to sit down in the chair opposite.
I explained that Brian and I wanted to take a few days off to go to New
Orleans and would like his permission, plus a sub on our salaries.  He
didn't say anything after I finished, just squinted his nose back and forth
a few times and scratched at his chin appearing to be deep in thought.

Finally, he said "Well lad, I don't think that should be a problem, looks
like we got a bit of an enforced holiday for a while.  Still, I think I am
going to have to give it a bit of thought.  Perhaps someone else a bit more
senior might be asking for some time off, then where would I be, eh?"

I got a feeling he was up to something.  I pleaded again, told him I always
worked hard and I deserved a break. And he could rely on me to be back when
I said.

"Ah well young-un, like it should be alright, but well, I don't know for
sure."

I reached across the narrow gap between us and put my hand on his leg for
emphasis and again pleaded.  He said nothing but looked down at my hand
gently gripping his thigh.

"Well lad, I do notice that you been keeping out of my way for a while like
you'd prefer not to be around me.  I do miss having you close by, like
before.  If you were a good lad, well that would go a long way to help me
make the right decision, like."

I knew it!  I would have to do that damn `right thing' and then all being
well, he would say yes.  Not having made the first move before with another
man, I somewhat nervously moved my hand further up his leg.  His answer was
to widen them so as not to hinder.  I arrived at his crotch and gently
squeezed the quickly swelling package.

"Now, this sounds a good way to start," he said sighing. I moved out of my
chair and knelt between his legs and made to pull down his boxers, Henry
lifted his rump and allowed them to slide down.

That now familiar cock stood firm and strong.  The only difference was this
was the first time I could smell the soap instead of the sweat and filth I
had always done before.  It made it easier to do what I knew I must.  I
took the head in my mouth and played my tongue till I could hear him gasp
and feel his body stiffen slightly.  Working around, I then dipped to lap
at his big ball sack hanging free beneath and then worked back up to the
top and tried to take as much as I could into my mouth.

He moved his hand to rest on my head and very gently for him, bucked his
hips slowly to fuck my mouth.  The only noise was a few stifled moans and a
steadily quickening of breath.  I had fully expected to be abused as on
every other occasion, but I was more than a little astonished at how gentle
he was now.

I sucked him well, knowing what it might achieve if I made him happy.

"Aw lad, Oh! lad, you gonna make me come now!"  he moaned as if a
complaint.

Henry gave a few heavy jerks of his hips and then flooded my mouth with his
juice.  So quick!  I continued to suck him until his cock softened and then
I pulled off him leaving him lying back with his eyes closed.  A minute or
two passed before he stirred and pulled up his boxers and adjusted his
position.

I moved back into the chair and waited for him to speak.  He shook me
again.

"Aw, now lad I've just been thinking and I can't see any reason for it not
to be alright for you and young Brian to take this `ere trip you've been
telling me about.  Just let me know the day before and I'll sub some salary
you'll be needing.  Is that alright?"

He looked at me, and I sat there flabbergasted for a moment.

"Well yes, Henry, thank you very much.  Sure I will let you know, thank
you!"  I was totally lost for words.

"Aw right son, well run along now, I've got some more work to do yet."

Once out of his cabin I stood and leant against the corridor wall.  I
couldn't have been in there more than fifteen minutes start to finish.
This was a different man to the chief in the engine room.  I couldn't
believe it, so quick and easy.  Pulling myself together, I ran into the
mess to see Brian. He wasn't there but Norman was and I blurted out
everything.  He was so pleased and gave me a big wet kiss, saying what a
little icing on the cake could achieve.  I had to agree, but then I was off
to find Brian and tell him the great news.

Part 2

Four days later we had discharged our cargo and then moved to another quay
where we would be tied up till the repairs were completed.  Our port agent
directed us to a car hire place, a cheap one where the cars although not
brand new, were adequate for what we wanted.

Then early one morning we were off.  Norman waved us goodbye, I knew he
would have loved to be with us but the ship has to eat whether there is
work or not.  Getting there was uneventful, and the scenery was not the
best or most varied, so it quickly became a little boring.  Poor Brian had
to do all the driving as I had never had a driving license in England, but
Brian had and also an International one too.

New Orleans was fantastic. It couldn't have been better with an organised
tour.  We saw as much as was possible in two days, till we were exhausted
from the walking, seeing the sights and being on the go all the time.  By
the second night, we were too tired even for sex.  Anyway a little without
for once would do us both good I thought.

The following morning we made tracks to return to Galveston and the ship.
It seemed that we had hardly left New Orleans before the sky became
overcast and it started raining. It was like a curtain coming down on the
fantastic show we had just experienced.  Now we were back in the real world
and faced a long drive back in miserable weather.

By Baton Rouge, it was raining heavily and Brian had slowed down quite a
bit.  Having got through Lake Charles, the evening came early with the dark
sky and the rain continued unabated.  Many places had water forming as the
ground could no longer soak it up.  Then disaster struck.  Brian didn't see
in the headlights, but in a dip in the road, the water had filled the
hollow and he drove into it as some speed.  Suddenly water washed over the
screen and sprayed high to each side as the car ploughed straight through.
There was a terrific roar of the water splashing up under the car.

Coming through the other side Brian exclaimed "Shit, I never saw that at
all."

"I don't know," I said, "but I think I just shit my pants!"  We started to
laugh, relieving the tension as the adrenaline flowed.

Barely a hundred yards further and the engine started to miss-fire and the
power died.

"Oh Christ, please god, don't fucking do this to us," shouted Brian.

With the car now coasting, he pulled to the side of the road at a kind of a
lay-by and brought it to a halt. We were in the middle of nowhere and
traffic on the highway was now only occasional.

I asked the inevitable "What do we do now?"

"I don't know", said Brian, "but let me have a look under the bonnet, you
never know maybe it is just a cable off or something."

We both got out, although I know nothing about cars or engines.  The rain
was heavy and we were quickly getting soaked as Brian peered beneath the
hood although it was difficult to see anything with the darkness.

"Fuck, shit, fucking bastard!" shouted Brian, venting his anger at the
sky. He was at a loss to see anything and he didn't find any of the leads
off the plugs, so our frustration mounted. Brian told me to try starting it
again which I did. But the motor just turned over and over without firing
once.

"Shit," said Brian, "It will never dry out in this weather, we are really
fucked now."

"John Cleese used to hit his car with a stick, but I don't think that would
work here somehow," I said, recalling the Fawlty Towers TV character.

He just shook his head in despair but gave it a kick anyway.

Just then Brian's face was illuminated by the headlights of a van which
pulled in near us.  The side door opened and we could tell from the light
flooding out that someone was taking a piss through the door.  It closed
and the engine started again and it drew past where we were standing.
Suddenly the brake lights came on and it stopped, then backed up.

They window lowered and a guy said: "Hey Buddy, you got yourself some
trouble?"

Brian answered "we hit some water back there and now the engine is
drenched. Completely dead."

The was a silence for a moment, then the guy opened the door slightly and
leant out.

"Where are you heading?"

"We're going to Galveston to join our ship," I said.

"Ship?" he queried.

"Yes" echoed Brian, "Our ship is in the port there, we are on our way to
join her."

"Ah! You'll mean cargo, right?"

"Yes," I answered.

There was some more talk within the van, then the driver said, "We are
Navy, US Navy that is, and we're going there too.  You guys want a lift?
Looks like you could be here for a while with this crate."

I looked at Brian, "What do you think?  If we stay here we are going to be
late joining the ship, it could even go without us if they have been quick
with that repair, then we are done for."

He thought for a moment, "Shit, why not, give the keys to the car hire
office and let them come and sort this damn thing out."

It was not a van, but what we would call a Camper in England, but much
larger than you normally see back home.  We pushed our one bag in before us
and climbed aboard.  Inside there were four guys, all looking around the
early twenties, like Brian.  Three were around a table with beer cans and
playing cards.  They greeted us warmly and had us sit down and introduced
each other.  Dave, he was the driver, then there was Al, Jess and Pete sat
around the table.  Al stood and went to the back of the vehicle, returning
with a towel.

"You guys better dry off, you look like you just washed up on the beach."

"Hey Al, give them some shorts, let them get out of all that wet stuff,"
said Pete.  Al returned to the back and appeared a moment later with a
couple of pairs.

We stripped off, glad at the prospect of getting out of our sodden gear.
The other guys sat around the table had only shorts on too, nothing else,
so we were not shy in joining them.  Jess passed us some beers and we
squeezed in with them as soon as we had got out of our wet clothes.

Soon we were off again into the night.  Our time was taken up getting the
background of each other, these guys were all returning from leave.  Dave
lived the furthest away and picked them up one by one on his route to the
base.  They were all in the same outfit and were obviously mates besides.
I instantly felt at ease, for they just accepted us as if we had been in
the same unit.  Us being merchant navy had a lot to do with it I think;
although they had an openness you could instantly take to.  Perhaps it was
because we were English, or maybe that we were about the same age.  I don't
know, but they made us feel welcome and "one of them" from the start.

Dave continued driving as the rain increased in intensity.  The sound of it
drumming on the roof overcame the normal noise of the road. Flashes of
lightning lit up the surrounding areas, which made me run in goosebumps
every time.  I was sat next to Jess who was a little like me, small size
and blondish hair and looked younger than he probably was.

"Tell me," I asked, "how come you stopped to take a piss if this is a
camper, don't you have a toilet on board"?

He laughed and nudged Pete at his side.  "Dave just bought this thing
cheap, like all the plumbing was shot and leaked all over the place.  He's
been stripping it all out whilst he was home.  The next time he has off,
him and his dad will fix new stuff.  Till then, we piss out the door!"

I laughed at the explanation, my curiosity sated.  "I'm glad the toilet was
broken, or we would never have been rescued!  Saved by the can!"

Beer followed beer as we talked away till suddenly the vehicle gave a jolt
as we hit something.  The guys called to Dave asking him what had happened.
Before he could reply, there was a thumping noise from the rear as
something thwacked against the bodywork.

Dave shouted, "We just hit something in the road, a piece of timber I
think, sounds like we did in a tyre."  He slowed down a bit but continued,
and the noise got worse and worse.  Finally, he said "Here's a rest area,
I' m pulling in", and he soon gently brought the vehicle to a halt.

Dave got out and went to the back of the Camper.  The rain was lashing down
so heavily, I had never witnessed anything like it.

A few moments later he was back, "Yeah, we shredded the inside back tyre,
nothing left of it now.  I guess we are stuck here for the night till the
rain gives up and it's light enough to change the wheel.  No way am I going
to try and do that now, look at me, I'm soaked to the skin and the road is
inches deep in water."

Slowly he peeled off all his clothes, even his underwear was wet through.
He looked around for some clean shorts, but at first was unable to remember
where he had put them.  He walked up and down the vehicle fully naked
whilst he searched the cupboards.  It was hard for me not to watch and I
glanced at Brian.  He too was acting nonchalantly as if nothing was unusual
having a good looking naked young man around us.  Of course, his mates
didn't blink an eyelid.

I couldn't help but look, but that was made easier as Dave continued to
talk with us, so looking back when I spoke was natural.  He was the biggest
of them all physically, around 6' tall, very wide shoulders and well built,
as all of them were in fact.  All meat, everyone.  He had black hair, a bit
wavy, and a hairy chest and plenty on his legs too.  The nice thing was the
hair grew in matched swirls on his chest and flowed in a line straight to
his crotch.  His dick was soft so I wouldn't know how big he was, but you
could see it was fat and cut.  Too soon he located the shorts and joined us
at the table, now taking his first beer.  It lasted about ten seconds, then
another and another, till he had put four or five away in ten minutes.  Now
he had a chance to talk and ask what we did and all the stuff he had missed
out on while driving.  I liked him, he was funny and he kept up a constant
banter with his friends, poking fun at each continually.

A little later Al announced he would have to make a trip to the John.
Pulling on some jeans and shirt he then hovered in the door trying to make
out where the toilets were.  He hesitated, knowing he would get drenched,
but he had to go and soon he was running as fast as he could towards some
buildings that were lit up over to one side.  We could hear him return,
splashing through the water at full belt back to the vehicle.  He crashed
through the door.

"Shit! I slipped and went on my ass into three or four inches of water, the
whole area is flooding out there!"

He was out of breath with the run, water dripping off him.  Grabbing a
towel, he like Dave, pulled off all his clothes and then dried himself off.
He took his time, even sitting back down again with just the towel in his
lap whilst he took some more beer.  Then he went to his bag and pulled out
some cut off jeans and slipped into them Al and Pete were the same size,
just an inch or so shorter than Dave.  Not quite the same stocky build, he
had only a little chest hair in the middle and nothing pointing down to the
thatch between his legs.  His cock was not so big and a bit thin.  But who
knows what it could grow into!

Once he was settled back in again, Al said, "You will never believe it, but
there was a guy in the john, I reckon he was looking for some trade.  He
gave me a look as if he would have got on his knees if I'd have asked him.
Shit, in this fucking weather too!"

"Well did you?" asked Dave.

"Fuck you!" said Al indignantly.

"I was only asking," said Dave sounding a bit hurt, "Like if that was me
and I was horny, maybe I would have given him a try."

"You're a fucking maniac," said Pete laughing, "as if you don't get enough
with your old woman already."

"Well guys, remember I've just been home to Momma and there ain't been no
sex there I can tell you.  Mind, my Kate will know all about that as soon
as we are back at base and I call her up."

They were laughing and joking like that all the time, but I was surprised
at the openness of Dave, it didn't sound as if he was kidding when he
talked about the guy in the toilets.

For another hour we talked and drank, and then Dave said we should hit the
sack. That meant clearing the table which then kind of folded back and a
double bed dropped down from the wall.  At the other side of the sitting
area, another one folded out, so we had two very small double beds.  I
ended up on one with Dave and Jess with me in the middle, Brian the same
arrangement with the other two.

Even though Dave switched out the lights they continued talking and joking
back and forth. Inevitably the conversation returned to sex when Pete asked
Dave what he would have done in the toilets, seriously.

"I don't know," said Dave considering his words, "I don't think it matters
really who it is giving you the thrill, it's only the thrill that counts."
More laughter and poking fun at him.  "My little brother here needs a lot
of maintenance for it to run properly, I don't care which garage it goes
into." he shot back.

He pulled out his cock and waved it around.  There was enough light from
nearby buildings to see what he was doing and the occasion bolt of
lightning lit up the place like a camera flash, so we could all see.

"Dave, you are all bullshit," said Pete, "No way are you going to do that."

I was on my side facing Dave and Jess was behind spooning up with his leg
over mine.  I felt quite cosy and comfortable.  He had his top arm resting
on mine and would sometimes rise on his other elbow and rest his head on my
shoulder as he said something over me to Dave.  Then at other times I could
feel his breathing at the base of my neck.

Suddenly we were stunned by what Dave said next.  "My first sex was with a
guy when I was around 15 years old.  I did odd jobs for old Spencer who
lived a few houses away from us.  Dad didn't give me much money, said I had
to work for it if I wanted any.  Well, old Spencer had just moved to the
neighbourhood and he was talking to my mom, saying he needed some help
around the place, you know, cutting the grass, that kind of thing.  That's
what I did, jobs like that for some of the neighbours.  Spencer started
remodelling the house, doing all the jobs himself so naturally, he called
me to help with some of the work."

You could have heard a pin drop, if not for the rain belting down, but
nevertheless, there was an eerie silence as if Dave's mates were stunned at
what they were hearing.

He continued. "One day, I dropped a bag of cement and when it broke, the
dust covered me from head to foot.  Old Spencer said I had better shower
off or my mom would have his guts if I went home looking like that.  One of
the rooms he was remodelling was the bathroom and it was open where he had
taken down a wall so there was no privacy.  Anyway, at that age, I just
dropped all my clothes ready to take a shower.  Spencer said he had better
have one too, so when he started taking his stuff off, I sprang a boner.  I
was always doing that, so horny even back then and jacking off at least 3
or 4 times a day.  Well, he asked me if there was something wrong with it.
I said I didn't know, nobody had ever told me how my dick was supposed to
behave, it always seemed to be like that.  So he said something like he had
better take a look and me being a bit green, went along with it.  Next
thing I know, he had it in his mouth giving me an incredible feeling I'd
never known before.  Like up till then, I hadn't had any sex.  All my
buddies talked of nothing else, but it was wishful thinking and nobody was
making out.

So suddenly, there I was getting blown and I loved it.  From then on he was
doing me about 3 times a week, sometimes more.  It was so good; I used to
go round there even when there was no work to do.  I reckon I was the only
one in the class who was having regular sex, so I couldn't care less that
it was with old Spencer.  Besides, he was the first adult that didn't treat
me like a kid and I really liked that.  He taught me a lot of things, so I
could never put him down for what he did."

A long silence followed, and then Al gave a low whistle.

"Fuck me, Dave, you're always coming out with this stuff, I never know when
you are joking or what!"

"I swear," said Dave, "It's true man, I don't care, it was a long time ago
and you do crazy stuff when you are that age.  Anyways, you all know my
track record with the women!"

He laughed out loud and I could tell he thought it all a real hoot! When I
next got a glimpse of his cock, I could see it was still in his hand big
and hard.  He must have turned himself on talking.  My own cock filled out
with listening and then seeing his cock, but I didn't try and touch it.  I
even thought I could feel Jess's cock twitch through the thin cotton as I
fidgeted and moved about.

Al and Pete were mumbling something to each other, probably discussing this
new revelation.  But then I heard giggling like kids at silly joke.
Moments later I could hear a tussle on their bed, and then elastic snapping
and Al shouted, "Hey Dave, your story has given Pete a stiffy."

More tussles, sounding as if they were having a pillow fight, then Pete
said: "Fuck you, Al, you do too!"

Then I heard Brian's laugh and Al shouted: "Hey Mike, your friend here was
turned on as well, he has one."

They were all giggling now.  I was not surprised at Brian and it made me
smile.

"Well I know I got the best," said Dave proudly and I could just see him
waving it around like a flag.  But I was startled when his hand reached for
mine and took it to his cock.  "Real American prime beef," he bragged.

He moved my hand up and down a few times and squeezed my fingers so I could
check it out.  Then he dropped my hand back on the bed, the joke over.  Or
so I thought.

"What kind of beef do the Limeys have, that's what they call Brits isn't
it, Limeys?"

 Before I could reply, his hand now felt between my legs and grabbed my
cock.

"Oh not bad, not bad at all, you gonna give us a close run, but I knows we
gonna beat you!"

Just as quick, he leant against me so his stiff cock pressed against my
stomach as he reached over to check out Jess.  He was not ready for him and
jumped as Dave grabbed him.

"Wow, Jess has a stiffy too, better watch out Mikey, looks like that could
be inching between your legs by the feel of it.

"Fuck you," shouted Jess, annoyed and probably somewhat embarrassed.

Dave withdrew laughing about his discovery, and Jess turned away from me as
to face the other way.  I didn't want that, besides there would be a lot
less room if we were not spooned together.  I reached behind me to stop him
and pulled him back to show I was not bothered.  He settled against me as
before, but I was disappointed that it was not quite as close now.

Strangely that last joke killed all the conversation.  I know I was dog
tired, but I also think these guys might have been digesting the discovery
of everyone's hard-on from hearing of Dave being sucked by a guy.  For me,
I wasn't bothered; in fact, I was so tired I couldn't keep my mind focused.

Soon I was fast asleep.

Part 3

A loud peel of thunder woke me up.  I had turned around in my sleep and was
now facing Jess. The top of his head was just below my chin, resting
against my chest.  Our legs were still interlaced with his hot crotch
astride one of my thighs as he slept soundly.  Now it was Dave who had
spooned up close behind.  Although his cock was back in his shorts, I could
tell it was hard when he humped his hips and drilled into my ass now and
again.  I might have been upset if it wasn't for the sound of his regular
breathing, so no way was he trying anything on, except perhaps in his
dreams.  I put my arm around Jess, hugged him a little for comfort against
the storm and drifted back into my slumbers.

Dave nudged me sharply a few times as he stretched and turned away to lie
on his back.  I was still holding on to Jess although he was now on his
back too, my upper leg hooking over his body and my arm across his chest.
He had his hand resting on the top of my thigh.  I was happy he was so
affectionate and at ease with how I liked to sleep, it looked like we both
enjoyed hugging even if it was in our subconscious.

I could hear Dave rubbing his face and yawning and I broke away from Jess
to roll onto my back and look at him.  He returned my gaze, fully awake.

"Shit, I'm gonna have to get up and take a leak, shouldn't have drunk so
much last night," he whispered.

He edged to the end of the bed and sat there a few moments, gathering
himself together.  Now he had mentioned it, I was also aware of a "pee
hard" and knew I should take a piss too.  He stood up and stretched his
arms, looking around for his trainers.  I thought I had better get up,
knowing I couldn't sleep again now it was on my mind.  I followed him.

He quietly opened the door to find the rain had ceased.  The sky was still
heavy with clouds, but you could make out the first signs of morning.  We
zigzagged around all the puddles over to the toilet block, walking in
silence still not fully awake.  We stood side by side at the urinals, both
momentarily holding back as the morning hardness of our dicks stopped the
flow of water till the pressure burst through. At the first sound of
flowing water, Dave let out a deep sigh.  But I could only hear an absolute
torrent of water hit the back of the urinal.  I looked at him amazed with
the sound of the force.

"Shit, I think I was ready to burst."

As my own dam emptied and then wound down to a trickle, suddenly much
against my will, filled with a vision of that big cock I had felt last
night.  My cock started to harden although with wanting a piss, it had
already been quite firm.  I tried thinking of anything mundane, but the
vision was fixed in my mind's eye.  My rapidly hardening dick cut off the
last of my piss and I shook it a few times to squeeze out the remaining
drops.

To break my thoughts, I said: "Looks like the guy who Al saw, got tired and
went off home to bed."

"Well maybe he found someone and went off home to bed with him," said
Dave. "Lucky bastard!" he murmured under his breath.

I looked at him sideways, noticing his cock was hard and he was still
knocking off the last drops.

"Come again?" I asked.

"Fuck, I had the horniest of dreams, could do with that bastard here right
now," he laughed.  "Must have been with talking about the Spencer guy when
I was a kid."  He turned slightly towards me to show me his hard cock.  "If
I saw him now, he could have this to chew on, no problem."

I stood there suddenly feeling at a loss to say something.  He stared at me
and looked at my cock which was still in my hand.

"Mmm! I think he would have the two of us by the look of you, how about it,
would you be game?"

"Maybe I would," I said, amused at the thought, "but he isn't here so I
don't have to make that decision, do I?"

Dave looked past me to the door, then quickly flashed his eyes around the
rest of the room.  He just grabbed my arm and pulled me into the cubicle
right behind us.  Not knowing what he was up to, I kind of allowed him to
do it.  Once inside he shut the door, turned to me and went to his
knees. In another second, his hands pulled down the shorts I was wearing,
my cock still hanging out of the fly.

"Guess what? We're gonna make it right now," he said, eyes wild with lust.

He reached forward and pulled me close with his hand on my ass cheek, then
dropped his mouth over my cock and slurped away.  I noticed his eyes close
and he went at it almost out of control.  Pulling off he licked at my
balls, taking them in his mouth and then suddenly stopped.

"Those guys are my buddies, but I doubt if they would understand, the
thrill is for the thrill, don't matter how it comes to you, right?  I can't
tell them, but I can tell you, last night it all came back, more than I
could ever tell to those guys.  Fuck, old man Spencer didn't just do me; he
showed me how to give as well as to receive.  Man, I loved it!"

He went back on my cock and sucked me hard and fast.

He stopped once more "So will you!" he smiled, and took it again. He was
good, very good.

All in all, he was doing this for only a minute or two, and then stood
up. He had me change places and shucked down his boxers.

He bent forward over the toilet and commanded: "Slick me up, Mike!"

I spit on my hand and ran it between his cheeks.

"Fuck no! Eat my ass man, NOW!

I knelt down, took one look at what was before me, and pushed my face into
him.  A bit iffy at first, I soon lost myself into the job, drawing gasps
from Dave. As if on a quick guided tour, he stopped me just when I was
getting into it.

"Now Mike, stuff my ass man! Shit, give me that big slab of Brit beef,
right up my chute man."

Now I was warming to the subject, quickly spitting on my dick for extra
smoothness, I brought it up to his bud and rocked back and forth to open
him up.  He was tight and I soon found that some extra weight had to be
thrown.  Finally, I burst through his door making him draw his breath
loudly.

"Wups, I forgot about the bad bit," he laughed. "But it's okay now, do it
man, I need to feel some dick up my ass right now."

I pushed on, working my way into him slowly, but surely.

"Oh yeah, that's good, that's real good!  Old man Spencer, when he did it I
used to wonder how, me being a kid and him with this big thick poker. Made
me feel like I was skewered at a barbeque, balancing on the end of his
spear!  But it was good once he was inside. Shit, I used to swear he would
be coming up my throat with his fucking dick one day.  Yeah man, that's
what I want you to do, get that fucker right up me, do it, man!"

He had a way with words did Dave, like he was turning me and probably
himself too with his dirty talk.  Whether or not, I liked and didn't need
any extra encouragement. Hanging on to his hips and leaning back slightly,
I walloped into his ass, sending the slap, slap, slap echoing through the
toilets.

Soon I was up to the boil and told him, "Hey Dave, I' m gonna cum soon."

"Yeah Mike, fill up my tank man, and pump that juice up my crack. Yeah, I
wanna feel you cum up my ass."

He moaned.  That was enough, in a moment I was bracing myself for the
explosion and then going over the edge and emptying myself into him.  Then
I dropped forward onto his bent over body feeling exhausted.  As I was
trying to catch my breath, he was squeezing his ass muscles, milking me of
the last drops.

"Wow, Dave that was great.  I don't blame you not wanting to tell them, but
I sure am glad you shared it with me!"

"Me too," he replied as we both straightened up and my cock slipped out.

"Now Mike, to give and to receive, now I need my turn, okay?"

With that, he bent me over as he had been and buried his face in my ass
till I was pushing back with pleasure.

He prised me apart with his thumbs, telling me to relax. "Man I gotta fuck
you with my tongue first before my dick gets in there."

I squirmed around loving it and would gladly have wanted him to continue
all morning.  Once his initial hunger was fixed, he stood and brought his
cock to the mark.

"Now, just relax, let me do all the work," he told me as if giving
directions to a virgin.

I didn't try to enlighten him at that point.  His hips rotated like winding
some gigantic screw.  The effect was to widen my ass he pushed to one side
and then the other for some time.  Satisfied that I could take his size, he
leant over my back and flicked his hips to send his fat cock sliding
through my slicked up door and deep inside.

I flinched, of course, and he stopped a moment.

"Hey Mike, just rest and take it easy, it's gonna be okay from now on,
you'll see.  You have a great tight ass man, you gonna love me fucking it
almost as much as I am gonna love getting my dick right up inside you man."

He moved from side to side a few times to widen me out then commenced
driving straight up.

"This is great man, I love your ass and I love getting deep man.  Just hang
on Mike, I'm gonna try and knock your teeth out, from the inside!"

He fucked hard and fast and I liked it.  A lot!

"Man, even when I was 15, I could make old Spencer yelp when I fucked
him. Yeah, I guess we were a mutual appreciation society." He kept up with
the talking almost continually.

I knew he was going to shoot his stuff, but then he stopped to give me
directions.

"Hey Mike, I gonna blow my wad, fill you full of my juice man, I just want
you to relax, let your weight drop back so I can get right in you.  When
you feel my jizz fly, squeeze your ass, right? keep doing it till I finish.
Man, that's really wild."

He returned to fucking me hard and like he asked, I leant back into him.
His arms were wrapped around my chest holding me tight, taking my weight as
his hips battered against my ass making his fat cock scratch that itch you
get inside.  He was really good!

"Oh fuck, my wad's gonna blow man, hang on while I do it hard man."

He was talking directly into my ear, his hot breath washing over my face.
He grunted and moaned as the crisis came.  I could feel his cock increase
in dimension for a moment before his pulsing started and the jets of juice
filled up my ass.

"Wow, Mike, it was great. Shit! my Kate's good to me, but man, I could do
with that now and again I reckon.  I've never bothered since that time with
Spencer, but it was every bit as good as I remembered, maybe better."

He gave me a peck on the top of my shoulder and stood up, easing out his
cock from my ass.

I was still turned on by it, so when I made to pull up my shorts, my dick
was still at full mast.

Dave saw.  "Hey Mike, you still got your engine running there?"

He grabbed it and moved his hand up and down.

"I got to say, that was good, somewhere back there you hit the magic button
inside, I think this is going to stay with me a while now," I said
grinning.

"Shit Mikey, I can't leave a job half done, what would Uncle Sam say about
that?"

He knelt down in front, moving my cock around, playing with the head
between his fingers.

"You know, you sure got a nice cock, it looks massive.  Guess that's coz
you have got a big cock and you are a slim guy."

"Thanks, that's good coming from you!"

He looked at it a few moments more, then up to meet my eyes.  He just
raised his eyebrows and winked, then took it into his mouth and sucked.
Moving his hand around to my ass, his fingers poked up my hole, frigging me
to the rhythm of his sucking.  I steadied myself against the sides of the
cubicle, my knees felt weak but he sent me off to heaven again.

When I told him I was about to come, he just pressed his hand on my ass
bringing me closer.  I knew what was wanted, and in seconds pumped my load
into his mouth.  Dave sucked hungrily, not stopping till my dick softened
once more.  He let it fall from his mouth and stood up grinning.

"You taste so good, I could eat you all."  He laughed, but then he pointed
at his dick, now hard again.

His hand on my shoulder told me what he wanted, but I guess I am squeamish
at the thought of putting it in my mouth, fresh from my ass.

Sensing my reluctance, he said, "Lick my balls, Mike, I want to come off
with you down there."

That was okay for me, and as he stepped wider so I could get my head
beneath, he stroked his cock furiously.

"Ah, man, that's good, suck my balls, Mike, shit you gonna make me come
again!"

His body started convulsing as the climax began.  He yanked my head back
away moaning as the first eruption began.  Pointing his cock at my face, he
began emptying himself over me, and then he hooked one finger between my
lips and opened my mouth, finishing off firing his juice straight between
my lips.  The juice on my face was running down my cheeks, dripping onto
the floor and my chest before the last drops had been expelled.

"Wow!" was all he said as he helped me stand up.  He made to wipe my face
of the remaining globs, pulling them down to my chin.  Then he scooped it
with his finger and pushed it into my mouth.  He repeated the manoeuvre a
few times till most of it was cleaned off and he leant down and kissed me
full on the lips, forcing his tongue into my mouth and kissing me hungrily
for some time.

When we pulled apart, he said "Mike, you are the best!  How about a
transfer to our Navy?  I would love to see you around here permanently."

"Thanks for the offer, it's appreciated, but I think someone would not
allow that either your Uncle Sam or your Kate, take your pick!"

We laughed, and pulling up our shorts left the cubicle.

Part 4

 We had a wash at the basins, removing all the evidence as Dave said. He
became animated as we chatted, but I was now feeling tired.  No sooner as
we had finished and were about to leave the building, Jess walked in all
sleepy eyed. He stopped at the urinal closest to us and let fly with his
piss.

"Where you guys been, you been gone a long time?"

"Really?" said Dave offhand, "Guess we just been talking." He looked at me
and winked.

"Well, actually we were hanging around hoping for that guy Al saw, hoping
we would find him and take him back to the vehicle so he could blow us
all."

He was enjoying himself trying to get Jess going.

Jess just laughed and said, "Ah fuck, not your crazy ideas again."

Dave moved closer to Jess, "Hey what's crazy about that?

He glanced at me and winked once more, a big smirk on his face.

Jess, looking at the wall in front of him, just said, "I give up with you
Dave; you're the craziest guy I know."

Dave moved up behind him and lowered his voice into something resembling a
sexy growl.

"Hey Jess, just imagine some soft wet lips playing with the end of your
dick, taking you into their mouth, sucking you dry."

"Yeah fine if it's a beautiful bitch, no problem," said Jess.

Dave tried again, "But hey Jess, you got your eyes closed so you can't
tell, it's just that fantastic feeling of hot lips working your dick,
begging for you to come, man."

Jess threw back his head and shook it from side to side in disbelief.  I
could see he had finished peeing, but he stood where he was with Dave was
right behind, blocking him if he wanted to move.

Quick as a flash, Dave grabbed one arm and spun him around 180 degrees.
There was Jess with a big hard on standing straight out in front.  Dave
nearly collapsed with laughing, but Jess was understandably mad and
embarrassed too.

"You see," said Dave between chortles, "Don't matter who is doing it, the
idea gets you hard man, just you can't say it."

If he had been closer Jess would have landed him one, but first, he had to
get his cock back into his pants.  In the few moments it took to do that,
he calmed down enough just to call Dave a "fucking evil bastard".  But then
he smiled, looking at me and then to Dave, slowly joining in with the
laughter.

We walked out of the building chatting.  The morning had gained a little
although the sun had not risen yet.

Dave said, "Hey guys, I gonna take a look around, maybe do a little
jogging, I'll see you later."

With that he walked off back up the road, eventually breaking into a slow
jog.  Jess and I sauntered back to the vehicle talking, mainly about Dave
and his tricks.  My legs were shaky and I was still feeling tired, so I was
looking forward to some more shut-eye before we started on our way again.

The other three were still out to the world as we quietly let ourselves
back in and collapsed onto our beds.  I lay on my back and closed my eyes.
Now with only two of us on the bed, there was more room, but Jess lay in
the middle on his side facing me.  I had the feeling he wanted to kind of
cuddle again and so as I moved my leg slightly to scratch an itch, I came
into contact with his.  It was the signal to hook his legs over mine as I
turned slightly towards him. Each of us moved and shuffled a bit to find a
comfortable position, with the end result as before, our legs entwined and
his arm over my body.  He had his face into my chest and I could feel his
body relax bit by bit as he settled down to try and sleep.

The leg I was lying on itched as though I had been bitten, so although I
didn't want to move and disturb us eventually I was forced to scratch my
thigh.  I couldn't see it so it was completely an accident, but as I
soothed the spot on my leg the back of my hand was in Jess's crotch.  I
could plainly feel he had a hard on. It made him jump but he didn't pull
back away.  I wondered if he was in fact sleeping, but then I could feel it
twitch under the cotton, so I knew he must be awake.  I left my hand on my
thigh, but also still against his crotch as if I didn't know it was there.
After a few moments, his body flinched a little, his arm over me pulled
closer for a second and his hips and chest pushed slightly into my body.
Seconds later I could feel his cock twitch again.  I knew he must be having
some sexy thoughts but I guessed if he was, they would be about pussy and
tits and not about guys.  That he was cuddling up to me didn't seem to be
part of it, just he was the kind of guy who was affectionate and likes to
touch.

But the more I thought about it, the more my brain was filled with nothing
else but the idea of Jess with a hard on.  Having seen it in the toilet
block I knew it was nice looking, smooth and straight, just the right size
for his frame and height.  Knowing I was playing with fire, I scratched the
spot on my leg again and then clumsily moved it to rest back between his
legs.  I felt it pulse again and his hips moved ever so slightly to hump
against my leg. Now I knew I hadn't upset him when he made no move to pull
away.  I made another decision.  I carried on.

I rotated my hand so that the back of it was brushing his cock.  Again he
humped.  His breathing was normal, but I thought I could feel his heart
pounding, or maybe that was my imagination.  Very slowly, I turned my hand
around so that his cock fitted between my thumb and fingers.  Still no
reaction.  Closing my hand very, very slowly I exerted a little pressure on
the shaft.  It pulsed time and again, but he didn't move at all.  Again,
slowly I moved my hand up and down drawing the cotton with it, knowing full
well it would be giving him a good feeling.

He moved, his arm that was over me pulled me closer in, his palm now
resting on my shoulder.  So now for the million dollar question, do I go
for it or give up?

Of course, I went for it.  Letting go of his cock, I felt around to feel
for the opening in the shorts, which had no fastenings.  I could slip my
hand inside the opening easily, making contact with the hard hot flesh.  He
almost coughed when I did, but he also increased the pressure on my
shoulder with his hand.  Realising there was no need to try and fool each
other anymore; I took hold, slowly stroking up and down.  Then a little
further in and I felt the weight of his balls and rolled the loose skin
between my fingertips.  Suddenly he moved, burying his face into my chest
as if to stifle any noise he might make.  Returning to his cock, I took it
firmly between my fingers and milked him in a steady rhythm.

His body started to shake and judder, his hips moved to hump against me and
his hand tightened against my back pulling me as close as possible.  He was
whimpering ever so quietly under his breath, trying to muffle any show of
emotion so as not to disturb the three sleeping across the room.

 But he was fighting a losing battle, for I could feel the heat of his cock
increase and the hardness now a rod of steel.  When it became all too much,
he lost control and convulsed hard against my leg a few times, then let fly
a bucketful of juice over my hand and across my hips.  Now I could feel his
heart pounding and looking at his forehead, could see the beads of sweat
sparkling like stars.

As his breathing slowly returned to normal, I wondered what he would do
now, knowing he must be suffering an emotional earthquake with what had
taken place. I was a bit frightened, would he turn away, angry with me for
seducing him, I felt sure that was how he must view it.  Would he make a
big fuss with the embarrassment and wake up the others.  I lay there
thinking of the reaction, as I knew there must somehow be one.  Moments
dragged into minutes which seemed like hours, making me feel stupid for
going so far, angry for not having better sense.

"Sorry" he whispered.

"Sorry?  for what?"

"I don't feel like I could do that back to you."  His hand nervously felt
for my cock and squeezed.

"It's okay," I said, "No problem, I'm alright".

"Thanks," he whispered, "that was really great, I mean it."  Then to show
he was not kidding, inched himself tight up against me, touching from our
toes to head, and held me tightly.

"But, I paused for effect, "If I was feeling horny, you would!" I said
mock-sternly to him.

He gave a quiet giggle and squeezed me tight again.

Suddenly, I knew we both had made a discovery.  For Jess, that he liked
being touched by another guy and he could admit as much.  For me,
recognising that chord in someone whether they themselves knew or not, that
I could make something happen between us.  I knew with certainty, if I
stayed around here for any length of time, I would have sex with Jess, that
I would fuck him and that he would enjoy and want more.  It was really
weird, like a curtain being lifted in my mind allowing me to see into
someone's soul.

Part 5

Brian was shaking me awake.  Thankfully, I had turned on my back whilst
asleep and Jess had also turned to face the other way.  I didn't want any
embarrassing situations either for me or Jess.  But as soon as I stirred,
my shorts pulled on my skin, reminding me of all the cum that had now glued
the fabric fast.  Luckily Brian had gone back to getting dressed after
shaking me, so he didn't notice all the dried mess on my lower stomach.
The evidence, as Dave put it.

Our clothes had dried off during the night so I quickly got into them,
covering up anything that might have any ideas to the rest.  Al shook Jess
awake and soon we were getting dressed. Later Dave returned with the news
that there was a diner open not far away.  But first, Al, Pete and Dave
made light work of changing the wheel before we set off to eat and then the
drive back towards Houston and Galveston.

By 10 o clock, we were there. Having called into the Car Hire office, Dave
told them exactly where the car had been left.  They were apologetic about
the car breaking down and even gave us some of the money back. We offered
this to Dave but he wouldn't hear of it.  He dropped us on the quayside
almost next to the ship.  When they saw her, they all made some bad jokes
at how she looked, but we could beat at that with what we knew of her.  He
gave us some telephone numbers to call, and we promised if we weren't about
to sail anytime soon, we would treat them for a few beers.

We said our thanks and goodbyes and I felt Dave's hand hold mine longer
than necessary as we shook.  Jess looked me straight in the eyes and held
my gaze as we said farewell, those blue diamond's of his peeping through a
blonde thatch.  Looking into those beautiful eyes, I read more than he
could ever say in words.  We both understood very well, but it wasn't
anything anyone else could tune into.

As good as our trip to New Orleans was with all the excitement of the
place, it was Dave and Jess that stayed in my mind the most.  I was unhappy
to say goodbye and for some hours afterwards, felt a kind of a pain in my
gut.  It's hard finding good people, only having to lose them so quickly.
The prospect of what might have been, killed by the everyday world we had
to follow.

My first job was to report to Norman or else we would never have been
forgiven. His preparations for lunch stopped instantly we went into the
galley.  He made us some coffee and sat down, insisting we tell him every
detail, or almost, from setting off to arriving back.  He relived his
memories of New Orleans listening to us describe what we had seen and where
we had been.  Dinner was late that day which had everyone asking what had
happened, for which Norman made up some lame excuse.  For once he couldn't
have cared less.

We were back at work the same day.  I went to see Henry to tell him we were
back although Norman warned us he was in a foul mood.  The spare parts were
still held up which was getting the ship owners very upset, I guess they
were breathing down his neck a bit hard.  In the event, he was busy when I
found him; he just gave me a nod and asked if we had had a good time.  I
told him it was great and thanked him for giving us the time off.  He
nodded again and went back to what he was doing.  I wondered if he would
demand a special thank you when he was not so pushed.

I was really tired after our trip and then having to get into the swing of
work again, I looked forward to some early nights for the rest of the
week. I know Brian felt the same, so we didn't see too much of each other.
I tended to go back to my cabin after dinner and crash out straight away,
so I wasn't much for conversation with anyone.  But by the weekend, I had
fully recovered although being in port tended to be a bit boring, so many
cleaning and painting jobs to do instead of repairing things, which was
much more interesting.

At breakfast on Friday, Brian asked if I wanted to go on shore for some
beers that night.

"Why don't we call Dave and the guys?" I asked, "Maybe they would show us
some good places, we did say we would buy them some beers for helping us
out."

"Oh yeah," he said as if he had forgotten all about them.  But for me, at
least two of them had never been far from my mind.  He found the paper with
the telephone numbers in his wallet and went off to see Barry, so he could
use the shore telephone in his place.  Later that morning I met up with him
again.

"All done, they will pick us up around 7."

"Great, with some local guides I am sure we would have a good time."

I felt in a great mood for the rest of the day, wishing it along so I could
grab dinner and then shower.  It would be a change to dress up smart,
instead of looking like bums as we usually did onboard.

Finally, 7 o clock came and we walked down the gangway looking for their
vehicle. Instead of the camper, a car horn was honking and someone was
shouting and hollerin down at the other end of the ship.  It had to be
them, and so it was.  I immediately felt "at home", and we picked up again
as if old friends.  Al was driving, being his car, and they told us we
would go to their favourite bar, near the base.

It was a lively place with music and some people dancing although it was
still very early, and plenty of drinking.  There were lots of people the
guys knew there, so before long our table had expanded with other Navy guys
and friends to around twenty.  It soon became a great party.

Nearly everyone was about our age, and I guess as we were from England a
bit of a curiosity, so they all wanted to talk to us and be our friends.  I
was soon separated from Brian, but we were both having a good time so it
was okay.  Jess stayed close by, kind of like my bodyguard or something,
which felt good and allowed me to relax with all these new faces around. A
lot of those same faces were very good looking, dark Latin ones, strong
hairy types like you see from Italy or Spain, many of them blonde and cute
like Jess, even some of model quality.  I was really enjoying being in the
middle of it all!

By late in the evening, I had drunk a good deal of beer, which might
account for me actually dancing after being dragged up on the floor by some
of the group.  It was the best night out I had ever had, no doubt, and one
I will treasure always.  But getting on by twelve, many of them were taking
their leaves.  Lots of them worked in the morning as we did.  Dave came to
say he would take us back to the ship as Al had drunk too much, so Pete was
taking him to the base. Dave was still okay to drive, so with Jess we went
out to the car and he carefully drove us to the port berth and our
M.V. Harmonia.

Part 6

Once back at the quayside, Brian invited them onboard for a coffee, which
they accepted enthusiastically.  We headed to the mess room and found it
empty.  Brian prepared the coffees while we chatted.  Dave was interested
in the ship, or to be exact, was interested how such a rust bucket was
still afloat!  Brian assured him that while it looked in bad shape, the
Chief was a stickler for making sure everything was working right.  Still
with a ship this age something or other was always breaking down, and now
there was a fault that required parts being flown in from Finland for the
engine.  I didn't like it but the conversation was all shop, Dave had a
keen interest in ships so eventually, Brian asked him if he wanted a trip
down the engine room.  You couldn't have got more excitement from taking a
kid into a candy store. Dave was straight to the door waiting for Brian to
follow and show the way.

Once they had gone, it was a bit flat with just the both of us sitting in
the mess, so I asked Jess if he wanted to drink the coffee in my cabin
where at least I had a radio.  He liked the idea, so we took our mugs of
coffee and headed to my nest.  Jess was curious about my stuff, not that I
had much, but he looked around picking up this and that.  Finally, he sat
down on my bed and I sat in the chair by the small table.  We made small
talk about his job, and then he told me how he felt he was lost and didn't
have a sense of direction.  Basically not at odds with the world, but just
drifting along without being able to see a way forward.  He put down his
empty mug and stretched back on the bed. His shirt pulled out from his
pants at the sides with his arms being folded behind his head.  Tanned skin
revealed itself making him look sexy against the white of his shirt.  I got
lost in thought.

"Hey Mike, come over here, you can't be comfortable sat on that wooden
chair," and backed up to the bulkhead on his side, making room.

I stepped across and lay down next to him and continued talking.  At some
point, his leg hooked over mine and he leant into me slightly, so his body
was making contact from shoulder to foot.  It made me think of being in the
Camper with him, spooned together feeling comfortable, safe and warm.  A
switch clicked in my mind, setting into motion other kinds of feelings and
emotions. I recognised it but could do nothing to change it, even if I had
wanted to.

Consciously I opened my legs further, moving the one of his on the bed,
further away.  It meant he had to lean more on me now I had upset his
balance. In fact having done that, he was lying on me rather than at the
side.  I fidgeted again, this time moving one arm beneath and around him.
As we talked, at some point I put my fingers into his shoulder muscles and
gently kneaded.  At first to emphasise something I was saying, then as a
kind of a massage. I wanted to grab him fact, but to do so might have
spoilt it with his innocence. If he didn't like then he would break and
run.  If anything happened it would have to come from him.

 "Oh yeah, oh that's great, really cool.  Man, you hit the spot there!" I
worked my fingers between his shoulder blades, then up and into his neck
muscles.

"Every man should be entitled to a massage at the end of the working day,"
I said laughing, "by rights".

"Oh yeah, you can say that again." My fingers found plenty of places to
work on.

From lying on his side, he dropped all of his weight onto me now, his arm
stretched across so that I had full reign over his back.  He "ooh'ed and
ahhed" as my hand kneaded up and down.  After his shoulders, I worked up
and down the sides of his spine till I reached the top of his pants. By
then it was no big deal to first move to his waist where his shirt had
worked loose, put my hand inside and then ran it over his back under his
shirt.  The touch of my hand brought forth more groans of satisfaction.

He broke my train of thought, propping himself up on one elbow and looked
down.

"Hey Mike, you know, you are one cool dude, really man, I never met anyone
like you before."

"How come, what am I doing that's so special?"

"I dunno, I guess we are always on the right wavelength or something, I
can't explain it really. Just whatever you do, is always somehow kinda
right."  He thought for a moment. "Hey, maybe we knew each other in another
life, like we were best mates before, you know, something like that." He
thought more about what he had said and laughed at the idea.

After a few moments, he dropped his head onto my shoulder and relaxed
again, while all the time I was playing and massaging his back.

Taking a different tack, I took out my hand from beneath the shirt, and
then more forcefully grabbed his neck muscles, squeezing and pinching them.
It brought forth more groans of pleasure, but he didn't move.  I worked
down his shoulders, then lower till I was onto the cheeks of his ass.  I
squeezed one by one, first kneading the outer flanks, and then kind of
popping them with my thumb in his crack and my fingers on the outside. I
did first one cheek, then the other.  After them I could just reach to the
top of his legs, so I worked the outside of his thigh, then the inside,
eventually right up to the crotch.

He gasped and groaned but didn't censor me.  After one leg, I moved to the
other, starting from the inside to the out and then back again. My hand
must have been brushed over his balls beneath the cloth I massaged so high,
but he didn't flinch a bit.  The only response was muffled cries of
delight.

My hand was getting tired, but just then he propped himself up on his elbow
again.

"Shit Mike, where you learn all that stuff?  Man, you have the magic
touch."

"I dunno, I guess a man always knows what gives a man pleasure."

"Yeah, I guess you are right there," he nodded.

"How about you, you like me to do you?" he asked, grabbing my leg and
squeezing it roughly.

I decided to push him.

"Jess, you do that to me and I'll get so horny there will be only one
outcome.  I don't want you running home screaming to mother."

He giggled.  "Shit, what do you think you did to me?" he said and pointed
to the top of his legs.  "Man, you gave me a real boner playing with my
shoulders and neck and stuff."  Then he grabbed himself and shook it
beneath his pants.  "It ain't never going down now," he smirked.  When he
let go, I grabbed and squeezed.

"Yeah, you got a good hard one now Jess.  Maybe you should give me that
massage, then we both got to suffer." I nodded for him to do something.
Truth was I was already hard.

He tried to massage one of my legs.  I started playing with his back and
shoulders again which brought him to a standstill as he relished the
feelings.  I looked up into his face, eyes closed and looking pained.  He
had his mouth open slightly and the tip of his tongue was running across
his upper lip.

Chancing further, I brought my free hand to his pants and squeezed his dick
gently.  I was watching his face, but the expression didn't change.
Finding the zip, I pulled it down.  My heart was thumping fit to burst, for
this was open seduction.  Slowly, I reached inside his pants, finding his
boner throbbing beneath my touch.  A bit awkwardly, I slipped my fingers
under the elastic of his briefs, touching a mat of soft hair and then his
red hot shaft.

All the time, I watched his face for any sign of disapproval, but read
none.  My movement was limited so I withdrew my hand and felt for his belt
buckle, slowly managing to get it undone and flick open the hooks to his
waistband.  Once accomplished, his pants folded back and I had easy access
to his briefs.

I was still not satisfied for now I wanted him badly.  But this was still
just playing around.  So as not to rush, I worked his dick, squeezing and
toying for a couple of minutes.  When I guessed he was really on the boil,
I broke the silence.

"Oh shit, Jess, I gotta get out of these, my dick is bursting.  Come on,
let's get these pants off so we can enjoy."

I didn't wait for an answer, but quickly undid mine and shucked them down
my legs and off onto the floor.  He looked a bit worried or unsure but
followed my example.  I lay close facing him now and put my arm around his
back, continuing to massage and return him quickly to his previous state.
Soon he had relaxed and we leant in touching bodily.  With my other hand, I
felt for his cock, still hard, and pushed down his briefs.  At first, he
was motionless, but then hesitatingly, lifted the weight from his hips so
they could be worked down and let free his cock.

It was smooth and strong, but not so big. I guess around six inches, which
was fine by me.  I traced my fingers all over, pinching the skin on his
ball sac and a little underneath and behind.  Soon, he was letting out
sighs of approval and occasionally bucking his hips when my touch hit the
jackpot. I stopped massaging his back and gently pushed him onto his back.

"Close your eyes, relax and enjoy a really special massage."

He did as I said, and I moved down the bed till my face was level with his
groin.  At first, I just wanted to look at what felt so good to my fingers.
The thatch of hair was neatly trimmed and around his cock, but apart from
this hair, he was totally smooth like me.  His skin was like silk to touch,
so fine and unmarked.  For some time I played around intrigued by the feel
of him, but then I wanted to move on.  Taking a deep breath, I blew a
stream of air from my lips, letting the flow massage his cock from tip to
balls.  He gasped and lifted his head to see what was giving him such a
pleasure.

"Mike, that is....that is fantastic, absolutely fantastic.  He lowered his
head to the pillow, sighing as I continued with my air massage.

I reckoned now he was completely used to me handling his cock, so I did
what I love to do.  First I wet the end with my tongue, then took it slowly
into my mouth and began tickling the underside.  He cried out, but then
bucked his hips at the torment.  I dropped my mouth full over and began
gently sucking.

I could hear his moans but this was for me now, not for him.  I sucked him
hard, working him quickly into a frenzy.  Not letting him go too far, I
stopped and opened his legs wide and moved between them.  He didn't look at
what I was doing.  This time, I tongued his balls, sucking them gently,
running my tongue down the side in the indent to his groin.  Jess bucked
his hips and whimpered loudly.

I tried to get behind his ball sac, succeeding in part.  He soon got the
message that it got the further under I went.  He raised his knees slightly
to allow more access, but my face could only go so far up against his legs.
But he now knew more access spelt more pleasure.  I put both hands under
his knees and pushed them back to his chest.

My first resistance.  Looking up to see what I was doing, he began to push
his legs back down.  It looked like he was embarrassed to be in this
position with his ass bare.  Quickly I buried my face into his balls,
sucking and licking like mad.  He quickly calmed down again and stopped
fighting.  I dipped my tongue behind his balls a few times, drawing gasps
again.  He allowed me to push back his legs fully.

Now I had him, sucking and licking first his cock then around his balls,
and little by little dipping my tongue towards his button.  He writhed and
twisted, pushed back his hips into my face and pulled my head closer.  I
let go of his legs and he kept them back himself.  With one hand on each
cheek of his ass, I raised them a little.  My thumbs could trace down the
crack from the scrotum, and then I slicked him up with my tongue.  Further
and further I pressed, driving him in an agony of pleasure.  I got to his
button and licked and sucked. When not licking his ass, I very gently ran
my fingertips over it as I took his balls or cock in my mouth and then
returning to dipping my tongue into his ass.

Soon I knew he couldn't tell when it was my finger or tongue playing with
him and neither did he care.  I would open the lips of his rosebud whilst I
tongued him.  Then I would trace over it with my fingers, slowly working
first one and then after some time, two fingers into the opening.

Jess tried to jack himself off, but I stopped him.

"That is only for me," I told him.

He said nothing but didn't try again.  On and on I continued, at last being
able to work two fingers past the door of his ass and feel the inner heat.
I didn't stop with my mouth, so I guess he had no idea where the sensations
were coming from exactly, just a total zone of pleasure.

I was beside myself with lust, desperate to possess him completely.  Slowly
I got up on my knees, then came forward over him and in so doing carried
his legs up on my shoulders.  I opened his shirt and bent to suck his
nipples whilst I kept one hand on his cock, squeezing and milking.  Then I
would go underneath and trace my fingers over his hole, play with his balls
and then go back again.  His hands were on the back of my head keeping me
pressed tight to his body as I licked and sucked.

Quickly I let my saliva go to my hand, then over my cock and all over the
shaft.  Returning after to play with his cock, then his balls and finally
his asshole.  While my fingers were toying there, I brought the end of my
dick to the mark, gently pushing it across the opening, backwards and
forwards till I made up my mind and pushed the head into the opening.

I looked up to his face to see if there was any objection, but it seemed he
was unaware of any difference from my fingers.  Taking the shaft in my hand
I worked it in a circular motion to help open him up.  I bit his nipples
hard to take his mind from it, which made him gasp.  At the same moment, I
squeezed his cock and milked it hard.  To complete, I put my weight on my
cock and slowly slid inside him.

For moments there was no reaction.  Then his body stiffened and he moaned
in pain.  I held him firmly but didn't move my cock at all.  I put my
finger to his lips for silence and he quietened down.  I attacked his
nipples vigorously now, ran my fingers around the sensitive head of his
cock, till the pleasure flooded back over him again.  I pushed home with my
cock going deep inside.

I am sure he didn't know which part of his body was bombarding his brain.
Before he could make up his mind though, I began a firm rhythm of fucking
so that by the time he realised what was happening, he was overtaken by the
pleasure. He did try to push me off, but it was ineffectual, a lame reflex
I could tell he didn't really want to carry through.

His face was contorted with first with pain and then with pleasure, jumping
one to the other, second by second.  I moved my head next to his and
pressed my body against his.  I nibbled his neck and shoulder, all the time
keeping up my rhythm.  Then he pulled his arms across my back and held me
tight.  I now knew I was home and in no danger of rejection.

"Jess, you are fantastic, you really are.  I gotta do this, I really have
to, you are so fantastic."

He moaned and gasped as I plunged on.

Then I heard a whisper, "Do it, Mike, do it to me, do it, man."  His voice
trailing off into more throttled cries.

"Jess, I can't hold off anymore, I gotta come," I said into his ear.

He tightened his grip across my back squeezing hard like we were going to
merge into just one person.  What a beautiful feeling.

"Jess, hold me tight, I'm gonna come now."

He did, as I pounded his ass a few more strokes, then let fly with my juice
deep inside him.  We lay motionless after I had come for a while then I
lifted my head and looked at his face.  His eyes were closed, he looked at
peace and he looked beautiful.  Leaning down, I gently kissed him on the
lips.

"Thank you, Jess, you are so perfect, you know that?"  Opening his eyes
slowly as if from a deep sleep, he held my gaze.

"You're not so bad yourself, you know that?"

Easing myself up, I gently let myself fall out.  He jumped when it did, all
the same.

"Hey Jess," I said, seeing him still at full mast, "I never finished my
massage, stay right where you are."

Quickly I moved down the bed and dropped my mouth over his hard cock.
Hearing his sighs of pleasure, I got to work sucking and licking, doing
everything I knew to make him feel good.  Once he was coming up to the
boil, I pulled him onto his side as I fell to mine.  I pushed his ass a few
times to give him the message, I wanted him to fuck my face rather than
suck.  He didn't need much urging and pushed it in tight, placing his hands
on the back of my head to stop me from being knocked away.  I worked one
hand between his legs, and finding his ass hole, slid two fingers in and
out as his hips moved pistoning my face.

His body shook and trembled with pleasure. "Mike, I'm gonna come" he cried,
trying to pull out of my mouth.

But I wanted him to finish inside and I held his ass firmly, letting him
know he had to stay put.  Taking up the rhythm again he was soon stretching
my mouth as it jabbed down my throat.  Bucking and grinding against my
face, he finally moaned loudly and erupted, filling my mouth with his sweet
milk.

I held him there long after he had finished coming, wanting to savour as
long as possible, feel his cock reduce and soften, breath every last trace
of his sex and bodily smells and intoxicating myself on his aromas.

Only reluctantly did we both move off the bed.  I suggested we shower or
else someone would easily guess what we had been doing.  He laughed now; no
longer shy.  We soaped each other, feeling the contours of our curves,
touching dicks, ass's, chests and lips as if it was the first time each had
seen another body.

Lips were important, for we kissed tightly after soaping up.  He didn't
hold back like I knew he would have just an hour before.  I am sure he
didn't yet realise, but a change had taken place.  I knew because I had
been through exactly the same only three months before.

Spending far more time in there than necessary just to clean up, meant I
had a chance to recover a little from the exertions.  My cock filled out,
not hard, but I was turned on at all the touching we were doing and the
sight of his perfectly proportioned beautiful body.  I wanted just one last
thing, both for myself and to push Jess into doing the full works.  Putting
my hands on his shoulders, I looked him straight in the eyes.

"Jess, please do one thing for me."

"Yeah Mike, anything," he said brightly.  I pushed hard on his shoulders to
make him bend down till his head was in front of my cock.

"Jess, you gotta suck me! I want you to do this for me."

He looked at me and then at my cock.  I could tell he was unsure, not being
fully worked up and me being so direct, he was kind of embarrassed and
reluctant.

"Aw Mike, I ain't done this before, maybe I'm no good."

"Maybe you aren't, but you are not going to get better by not trying."

I pulled his head he allowed the end into his mouth.  He didn't take it
all, gagging at the first effort and backed off.  Playing with the end was
good, but it wasn't going to bring me off anytime soon with just having the
sex on the bed.

"Okay, Jess, how about licking my balls, while I jerk off?" I offered.

"Sure, anything Mike," he said and with more enthusiasm, set about licking
and sucking my balls.  I opened my legs wide and started beating my dick
while Jess increasingly more turned on by it, put his back into giving me
some great sensations.

"Lick behind them Jess."

I could feel his tongue edging towards my hole, feathering the rim and that
sent me into top gear.

"Oh, that's great, do it Jess, harder, oh!" I was moaning, totally turned
on by this beautiful guy crouched in front of me doing just what I asked.
I was going to finish soon, but couldn't gauge when I would blow, the
feelings were so intense.

With my free hand, I yanked the back of his head out from between my legs
and pushed his face to my cock.

"Jess, suck me NOW!" I cried.

He took the end in his mouth as before, but the moment I could feel his
lips on the crown of my dick, I lost it.  Roughly I pushed and humped his
mouth.  I could feel the end of my cock collide with the back of his
throat.  He made a half-hearted show at fighting for release, but I was
expecting him and keep him in place for the next few moments.  Just to look
down at his cute face taking my cock sent me over the edge and I filled him
up with my load.  I didn't allow him to come off it till I had completely
finished.  Once he got over the initial retching at the rush of liquid, he
went back sucking and licking at my dick without my assistance.  Lesson
over!

I pulled him to his feet and brought his lips to mine and we kissed long
and deep.

"Jess, I thought you needed to know about doing that," I told him.  "But
you were magnificent; you get the full 10 points."

"Thanks," he said grinning, "Actually once I got over my choking sensation,
I liked it, and when you came in my mouth, I thought I was going to come
again too."

"Now you can see how come I like sucking you," I said.

"You like me to give you more?"  I asked as I could see he was hard again.

"It's a great idea, but I don't think there is anymore at least not anytime
soon, and aren't Brian and Dave gonna come looking for us?"

"Shit, I'd forgotten all about them," With Jess being the only thing on my
mind, I too was now worried about being found in here like this.

Very reluctantly we got dressed and made our way first to check on Brian's
cabin, but he wasn't there, so up to the topside.  They were stood by Al's
car waiting for us.

Brian was a bit pissed I could tell "Where you get to, been looking all
over, here we are waiting around like ducks for the fucking rain."

"Aw, we just got talking, forgot the time," I said as casually as possible.

Dave didn't seem put out though, and with a few jokes which lightened the
situation, they climbed into the car, saying they would see us again maybe
tomorrow, and sped off down out of the dock area.

Part 7

The following day, we didn't see them but the parts for the engine arrived.
So it was back to work with a vengeance now, as things were made ready to
fix up the engine with all the new bits and pieces.  I felt like I had been
hit in the stomach when Barry mentioned the Chief had arranged a pilot to
get us out of the port on tomorrow's high tide, which would be around 4 in
the afternoon.  I could think of nothing else but Jess and maybe having to
leave without saying goodbye.  I telephoned the number he had given us, but
it was just an answering machine.  I left a message, saying we were leaving
tomorrow and just hoped it would get to him.  That night I hardly slept at
all.

The next morning saw me hard at work in the engine room, all hands racing
against the clock to be finished on time. At 10, it was break time and
everyone disappeared to the mess or their rooms.  Just I was going up, one
of the hands said someone was topside wanting to see me.  I bounded up the
stairs and raced along the corridors till I got out on the deck.  There was
Jess waiting, looking over the rail.  But Shit! did he look magnificent in
his Navy whites!  I raced over but immediately checked myself.  I had lots
of dirt and oil on me so I couldn't touch him, not even shake his hand.

"Hey man, look at Tarzan here," he laughed, for I was wearing only my cut
down jeans.

"Hi Jess, you got my message then?"  I said.

But before he could answer I blurted out "You look beautiful Jess in that
uniform."

I blushed up immediately at saying something so yuk, but it was just what I
was thinking. He smiled and then asked if we could go to my cabin.  Quickly
we made our way there, I was wondering what people might think, but as it
happened there was no-one around as they were all probably in the mess
room.  Once inside I just stared at him.

"Jess, I want to grab you, but just look at your whites, I daren't go
anywhere near you looking like that."

"Lock the door and I'll fix that problem," he said.  I did and then rushed
to the shower as fast as I could.

Coming out of the shower, he was stood in his briefs. I just grabbed him
and held on for minutes.

"Jess, I swear, I am gonna miss you like hell."

"But I am also gonna swear that I will see you again if you want me too.
Maybe this ship will come back or another one, whatever, when you are not
with me, I can't think of anything else.  By hook or by crook, I'll be
back, if you feel like I do."

"Come on and sit down," he said, "I want to say something.  Man, I've been
having nightmares since I met you."

"I am giving you nightmares? I thought you liked me?"

"That's just the point, what's gonna happen when you leave here?  Just one
week ago, I thought I would be getting married in a year or so and have a
family just like everyone expects, I never thought about anything different
to that.  Now you've changed everything.  I can't go back to thinking like
that anymore.  But I don't want to go looking for these gay bars you hear
about. I could never face up to leaving the guys from the base, going off
and doing stuff in secret. Now I feel like I'm all alone, no one would
understand me if I tried to explain about us."

"I have just been through the same thing," I explained.  Before joining
this ship I was going to get married, have a couple of kids and live in a
semi detached house just like my mom and dad.  Now I can't do that either.
We are both in the same boat if you pardon the pun."

He smiled, but his seriousness remained.

"So who changed your outlook on this ship?" he asked.

"It was Brian, he has shown me everything," I told him truthfully.

"Brian! I never knew he was like us, I can't believe he is like that!"  He
was astonished.

"Well, no-one would think you or I were either would they?"  I asked.

"No, I guess not."

I bit my lip wondering whether to say more.  I owed him something but
didn't want to say anything that would cause trouble either.

"How about your mates, can't you talk with them, I mean if they are your
mates they wouldn't throw you out would they?"

"Word would be bound to get out, you know all the guys in the Navy, sooner
or later, and someone would say something.  It wouldn't be worth the risk.
I don't think I could face it, really."

Something had to be said, I knew.  "Jess, believe me, I know Dave would
understand if you told him."

He looked at me, but not saying anything for a while.

"Are you telling me Dave knows about this kind of thing?  You did something
with Dave? Are you bullshitting me?  I looked at him and smiled.

"I am not saying anything, but believe me, he knows all about it."

He frowned, dumbfounded.  "When did you get the time, you have always been
in a group together?"  I didn't answer but suddenly he remembered.  "In the
toilets at the rest stop?  You did it with Dave at the rest stop?  Shit, I
can't believe it.  Fuck me!"

"I did", I said laughing, "but you never heard me say anything about doing
it with Dave in the toilets, not from my lips."

"Fuck me, fuck me," he exclaimed definitely at a loss for words. "But Dave
is the biggest tomcat around the base or was till this girlfriend pinned
him down. How can you explain that?" he asked.

"Well, you remember Dave telling us about when he was a teenager and the
guy on his street? I guess once you get the taste, it's always there. I
think anyone could imagine there was more to it than Dave told that night.
Just think about it, how could it be just a one way street with that old Mr
Spencer. It doesn't make sense if he was seeing that guy over a long time;
something else was bound to happen between them."

"I guess not," said Jess, deep in thought.

"Look Jess, you have one great friend here that already understands exactly
what you are feeling.  I reckon he would also love to have a friend that
understood him too.  I know he hasn't got anyone like that at the moment.
You will be good for each other."

He understood what I was trying to get across.  "I sure am glad I came to
see you today, you don't know what a load has been taken off my mind."

"No more nightmares?"

"I hope not, though I might be shedding a few tears over you," he said
making a grab for me.  We fell down to lie in each other's arms.

"Mike," he asked hesitantly, "We got time?  I just begged off an hour from
a Navy seminar in town, do you think they will miss you here for a little
while?"

"What they going to do to me, throw me overboard?"

He cracked up laughing as we ripped off each other's briefs. Then for our
last hour together abandoned ourselves kissing, licking, sucking and
fucking in a sexual frenzy.

I walked him down the dock to where he could get a taxi back into town.  We
didn't say much, we didn't have to.  By the time we reached the gate, my
eyes were wet.  I had never cried about a man before, this was my first
time of losing someone I really loved.  The earth stood still when he
turned to say goodbye.  He looked at me for a few moments and tears rolled
slowly down his cheeks.  He grabbed me and pulled me tight into his arms.

"I'm really gonna miss you, Mike," he said choking on the words.

"And me you, Jess. You are the best guy I ever met."

We didn't hold each other long, being in public view, but I guess people
are used to seeing goodbyes in a port.  Before he turned and walked away,
he silently pushed a letter down the front of my shorts.

I saved it till alone in my cabin that evening. I can't tell you what he
said, but I cried for him the rest of the night.

The End

Any of your comments are welcome to John, bokjay123@hotmail.com

Thanks!

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Sat, 2 Sep 2017 08:58:53 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen 2 of 7 - Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Able Semen 2, First Shore Leave
By John -  bokjay123@hotmail.com

Part 1

I told you before about the hard time I had on my first ship.  Many people
want to know more, so I was looking through my diaries to see if I had
written anything of interest.  I soon found it, and straight away a smile
came to my face remembering the episode.

We had called into one of the West African ports to discharge some or our
cargo.  The port was already full or at least they couldn't handle ships
very fast, so the Chief said we would be anchored off for two days till a
berth became free in the small harbour. This being the first time outside
of England, I was really excited at the prospect of being able to go ashore
and see a new place and an African culture.  Brian had suggested we do, so
we could have a change of scenery from being on the ship.

At nine o clock, we jumped onto the agent's launch and ferried into the
harbour.  Customs was a non-existent affair so we grabbed a taxi to go into
the town.  Brian had all the info from another crew member who had been
here a couple of times before.  I had taken a small advance in French
Francs and Brian had some US dollars, just in case we wanted to buy
something.

The road into town wasn't very far, but the journey was slow as the taxi
negotiated the many holes in the road, finally depositing us in what looked
like the town square.  The place was spartan, dusty in fact but at least
someone had built it with an eye to colonial grandeur even though it was
obvious it had been done on a shoestring. More like a studio facade.

People thronged everywhere.  Goats were tethered to poles, chickens stacked
in cages, donkeys just stood where they were, seemingly unattended.  We
joined with the flow.

The sounds were incredible, languages completely unintelligible to
me. Everyone seemed to be shouting, music was blaring from hidden radios,
and some guy was getting hysterical through a loudspeaker somewhere.
Occasionally I could pick out some French words as this place had been run
by them at one time I think.  The people around us were dressed in a
rainbow of colours, big women in colourful flowing dresses, and then at the
other extreme, men in simple white gowns that Brian called Thobes.

It was all amazing; the contrast with my small town in England could not
have been greater.  I felt in high spirits with the novelty of it all and
Brian was in an excellent mood as we joked and laughed at things we saw
till I was sure those around us must have thought we were crazy.

I was amused by how many people stared at us, usually women, some of whom
wanted to touch my blond hair or arm as though I was from a different
planet. Others just touched me lightly on the shoulder or back or even bum,
perhaps to see if I was real! Mind, I had not seen more than a handful of
European looking people since we went ashore.  I guess to them we looked
just as odd as they to us.  I had on a white tank top that came just to my
waist, with blue jeans.  Brian had on an ordinary tee shirt and jeans.
Very common back home but an oddity here, so perhaps we were the couple of
aliens from another world!

We had moved off the street into a market with small shops stacked to the
gills with all kinds of wares.  Everywhere you looked, down every alley,
there were more shops and stalls making it a real maze of a place.  It was
slow going edging through the crowds and it had got quite hot too.  At one
corner of an alley, there was this stall full of fruits of every
description.  On the counter sat a big noisy mixing machine and the man
there was stuffing oranges in the top and at the bottom fresh juice ran
into a container.  We stood and watched as someone ordered something
different and he jammed loads of strawberries into it.

Our mouths watered and we began to feel the heat just watching.  Brian
asked me if I fancied one and I said yes, just what I wanted right now.  He
went to the counter and pointed to the drink he had prepared for another
customer.  The friendly guy laughed and jabbered away making a joke about
us to the other people stood at the counter. But he was obviously pleased
these foreigners were buying from his shop. After a few minutes there were
our drinks, poured into a plastic bag, tied with a rubber band and a straw
through the top.  Fantastic and the cost, only a few pence!

Now with our refreshments, we continued through the market.  Hardly had we
got more than a few metres when I collided with a rather large lady.  I had
been looking to my left and she had been looking somewhere else, the result
was we walked bang into each other.  My fruit drink was squashed against
me, forcing the strawberry juice out in a jet all down my tank top and
jeans.  Bright red and sticky on a white top didn't look so well.  I could
just imagine all the flies homing in on me within minutes. The lady escaped
without so much a drop on her. I was rather pleased about that as I
couldn't have faced an angry woman of that size if she had got upset.

Brian pulled me out of the mainstream into a smaller alley and tried to mop
up the juice with some tissue, but it was obvious nothing could be done
with it now.  I was a mess and didn't like the idea of spending the rest of
the day looking like a can of red paint had been thrown at me.

"How about taking off your vest and letting me lick you clean," said Brian
trying to lighten the situation.

"Now don't start," I said threateningly, "we'll end up getting arrested or
something even worse if you try that on here."

"Mmmm, bet you taste even better than usual though," he grinned.

"Just shut it," I said trying to give my voice an edge but not quite being
able to prevent my smile showing through. "You are giving me a hard-on and
that's the last thing I need to show everyone right now."

"Okay, okay, don't give me a hard time," he grinned. "Come on down here,
looks like there is a shop selling clothes so let's see if we can buy you
some new gear."  He walked off down the alley towards one place that had
lots of jeans hanging outside.

This alley was very quiet, the shops between where we stood and the one
selling jeans were all shut with boards up across their frontages.  The
shop sold all kinds of shirts, tee shirts and jeans.  At first, no one was
about and we had time to take a look at the things on sale.  But soon
enough the owner appeared from nowhere and bombarded us with a selection of
languages till he found one that registered.

"Oh! English, very fine. "I speak little English, you speak French? I speak
French very well."

"No, sorry we don't, only English."

"No problem, no problem, English very fine, you like my trousers?"

He did not mean his trousers of course but the jeans we had been looking
at.  Brian asked how much the tee shirts were and he answered with his
first price.  We had to convert it to Dollars and that took us some time.
He took the delay as not interested, for he immediately cut the price by
half.  I guess it was a slow day for him down this alley and he needed
custom.  We had to double check what he was asking because it sounded far
too cheap, we thought it impossible.  But no, that was the price, something
like 40 pence for what appeared to be a good quality tee shirt.

Brian was delighted and immediately said he would buy a few for himself.
The owner was pleased as punch as he finally decided to buy six of them.
His smile took on an extra dimension, showing his brilliant white teeth
contrasting with his dark coffee coloured skin.  I guess he was somewhere
around nineteen to twenty-four, quite tall and slim.  A square face with
sharp jaw lines gave him a handsome look.  His clothes were unusual, even
with a few hours ashore under my belt.  He had a very baggy pastel blue
robe that came down to around his knees.  All the edges of it were heavily
embroidered in gold thread including a deep vee on at his chest.  The
sleeves were enormous, making it look like a king size bed sheet he was
wearing.  But under the arms was open to the waist so you could easily see
his stomach and chest as he gesticulated about the place.  Under the robe,
he was wearing some sort of baggy trouser, and I mean really baggy, that
came down just halfway below the knee.  A very imposing appearance to be
sure although I don't think I would have walked down my own high street
dressed like that.

While Brian was sorting out his purchase I was looking at jeans.  It said
Levi 501 on the label and although I didn't doubt they were fake, they
still looked good.  The cotton was soft and smooth and the stitching was
good, so I decided to buy a pair if the price was okay.

Just as Brian was paying for his purchase, he exclaimed: "Shit, I forgot
this."

"What is it?" I asked.

"Norman asked me to try and get some medicine he needs for his chest," he
said holding a paper with the name written down.

Brian then asked the shopkeeper if there was a Pharmacy around.

"No problem, Pharmacy just down here."  He grabbed Brian and walked him
down the alley little and was signing which way he had to go.

"Okay Mike, I'll be back in a jiffy," he said and walked off.

"No problem, Pharmacy very near. Your friend be very quick," he said
smiling.  "You like my trousers?"

"Yes," I said, "How much?"

He thought for a moment and quoted a price.  I worked it out and again
thought one of us had made a mistake.  Fake or not, this was too cheap!  He
saw my questioning look and grabbed some paper from his pocket and wrote
down the figure so there would be no mistake.  I said to him that I only
wanted one, maybe two pairs, not half a dozen like Brian had bought.

"No problem, for fine English man I make good price."

It was too, about �4 for a pair of jeans.  I decided to buy, as I had
cut down most of my jeans into shorts for working and this was too good an
opportunity to miss.

"You have size 30?" I asked as all the ones on display were larger than
that.

"Yes, yes, I have all sizes, come inside I show you size 30."

He steered me inside holding on to my shoulders.  The interior was an
Aladdin's cave of clothes, from floor to ceiling and covering every surface
so there was just a narrow path to get from one side of the room to the
other.  Guiding me to one corner where the jeans were stacked, he began
sifting through looking for my size.

"Here, I have size 30," he said and held them up to my waist as a fit.
"Very good, very good, you handsome Englishman." He ran his hand over my
head, intrigued by my colour. "My trouser with good Englishman, very fine!"

It may sound like he was pushy, but his manner was very nice if a little
amusing so I didn't mind him going on.  One thing I noticed with him and
others I had seen so far today, whenever he was talking he touched
you. Like it was part and parcel of speaking to someone, establishing the
connection with touch as well as speech. Coming from the UK where everybody
liked their private space, this was something quite unusual, but on the
other hand I thought it rather friendly.  It made people back in England
appear very cold and straight-laced compared with here.

 As with back home, I wanted to try them on, I have been caught out many
times with buying things untried and then finding out later they were not
my size.  I told him and also mimed pulling on the jeans so he would
understand.

"No problem, try, try, very good!"

He beamed, perhaps amused at my comic way of explaining.  He pulled me over
to another corner in the not too brightly lit place.  It was a cord strung
across the corner of the room leaving just enough space behind in which to
change.  Pulling across a sheet, it just separated the space up to about
five feet high.

I had taken a new tee shirt as well to replace the one covered in juice.  I
asked him for water and when he produced a glass, I used the clean part of
my vest to wipe down my body where the juice had made me sticky.  I didn't
want to put on a new tee-shirt and still feel all the gunge from the juice.
Having done that I slipped off my old jeans, cleaned my lower stomach and
top of my legs likewise, and then started putting on the new pair.  All the
time the shopkeeper stood at the other side of the sheet but well able to
look over the top, watching what I was doing.

"Ah! Nice Englishman", he said as I removed my old vest, then he exclaimed
again "Ah!" when I pulled off my shoes and dropped my old jeans.  I was
wearing a pair of briefs, I don't know whether he had seen briefs before, I
guess he had, but the sight seemed to make him want to give another "Ah!!!"
in surprise.

The moment I had pulled up the new pair, he darted through the curtain to
check on them.  They were far too big in the waist and must have been at
least a 34" if not more, He pulled them up himself, taking hold of the
excess material at the waist and looked perplexed at the situation.

"Sorry, I can't fill into these for at least another couple of years," I
joked but it went over his head.

"No problem," he said, "I have more trouser."  He leapt back through the
curtain and reappeared within seconds with another pair, also marked as
being 30" waist.

I pulled down the baggy pair, assisted now by the shopkeeper who lifted my
legs one by one and eased them off.  He handed me the replacements smiling
as though this had cracked the problem, unfolded them and held them open
for me to put my legs into.  It was like having a personal valet, what
service!  But these were the other extreme; I could hardly get them over my
hips.  Taking a deep breath I tried to pull them up but I certainly didn't
want to be wearing ballet tights.  He must have thought he could do better
because he had his fingers in the belt hooks pulling on them.

"No, no," I said, "this is no good. I can't wear these."

He came back with the "No problem" again and went to find some more.  On
his return, he said "Very sorry, no have in this shop, but my friend have
many, I go for more trouser."

I was about to give up and not bother, but he was going to a lot of trouble
for me and I had nothing to do but wait for Brian.  So I said okay.

"You come here, drink tea, wait for me, I am very quick," he beckoned.

He didn't wait for my answer, but gathered up my shoes, old vest and jeans
and took my arm to guide me through the shop towards a small door.  I still
had the ones that were too tight half way up my thighs, but that fact
didn't seem to trouble him. Going through the door it was obvious this was
where he lived.  A small box of a place with a bedroll on the floor at one
side, a couple of simple wooden chairs and a small table with a charcoal
burner and kettle. There was a single low wattage bulb hanging un-shaded
from the ceiling illuminating the roughly plastered walls.

"Sit, sit, please sit down, I give you tea." He was almost pleading and I
didn't want to refuse his hospitality.  Pouring out a glass of tea, he
handed it to me and then swiftly left the room.  I sat there sipping, not
like any tea I had before but it was refreshing and very sweet.

Whilst he was gone, I looked around for the new tee-shirt, feeling a little
uncomfortable being half naked in someone else's room.  But I couldn't see
where he had put it.  So I just sat and waited and wondered what was
keeping Brian although I guess he hadn't been so long really.

Soon enough he was back carrying half a dozen new pairs of and grinning
like a Cheshire cat!  In wonder at this show of care and attention, I asked
him his name.

"My name? I am Muna!" he exclaimed proudly.

"Hi Muna, I am Mike, and my friend is Brian."

"Very nice to meet you, Mr Mike," he said formally but still grinning. "I
have many trousers for you, sure they will be okay."

I checked the label on the pair he handed me, 30".

"Okay, let's see if we strike lucky now." I started easing down those I had
on.  I had pulled them up tight and getting them back down again was just
as difficult, I thought I might split the seams if I was too rough on them.
I was too slow for Muna though and he hunched down alongside me and yanked
at them.  They came down alright, rolling down my briefs as they came.  He
had pulled so fast that before I realised what was happening, they were off
my ass and being carried down my legs with the jeans.  I reached to stop
them and cover my exposure, feeling a fool being exposed like this.

Muna laughed out loud, thought it was a great joke.

He patted my ass and said, "Very nice Mr Mike, you are good looking
Englishman."

I wanted to step away from him but with the jeans around my ankles, that
was impossible.

"Sit, sit Mr Mike," he said and pushed me down onto the chair I had been
sitting on before.  Now I couldn't get my briefs back up!  Muna lifted one
leg and then the other, easing down the jeans and my briefs together.
After they were off, he held up my briefs to shake them out and handed them
back.  I stood to put them back on.  Muna let his hand run down my back,
over my ass and the top of my legs.

"Ah! Mr Mike, you are very fine!" he gushed, appreciating my nakedness but
causing me to blush the colour of the strawberry juice that got me into
this situation.  I couldn't get them on quick enough.

He had hunched down on the floor once more so his view of me was eye level
with my most important bits.  Suddenly it dawned on me that he was
scratching his groin.  Still, he made agreeable facial expressions and kept
one hand on my leg as if to steady himself as I pulled on my underwear.
Funnily enough, I didn't feel at all threatened by him; on the contrary,
there was something about him that stirred a chord inside.  I couldn't help
but smile; it was something between amusement at his expressions and
feeling pleased with his comments.

I waited for him to hand me the new jeans, but he continued to stare at me.
We looked at each other for some moments.  I felt my cock starting to stir
although I swear there was nothing sexual running through my mind but sure
enough, started to fill out a little.  He stood and stepped close looking
me straight in the eyes.  I found it difficult to return his gaze, but the
effect was for my cock to stiffen up.  I didn't look directly but I knew
one of his hands was probably feeling himself up as it lost as it was in
the folds of his robe.

He twirled his fingers through my hair saying quietly almost to himself,
"Very fine, very fine Englishman. Ah! Mr Mike, you very good man."  His
hand traced down my back, slowly feeling the curves of my shoulder blades,
then into the hollow and down over my ass.  It stopped there and kneaded
the cheeks gently.  After a moment or two, he slid it further down under as
far as his reach would allow, then slowly worked back up to my shoulder.

I was almost transfixed looking into his dark eyes but with an almost
imperceptible shiver, I stood back a little.  He now grinned broadly and I
now could see the enormous tent pole sticking out beneath the robe.  I
gaped knowing my eyes had widened in shock.  Looking back at his face
somewhat in amazement, he raised his eyebrows and gestured if I wanted to
see, without making any sound.  Trance-like, I nodded my head wondering
just what lay beneath his garments.

Pulling out his hand from beneath the cloth, he hoisted up the robe and
caught the material under his chin.  His chest was nicely defined and the
stomach was flat with a small amount of curly hair tracing the line down
the centre. He raised his eyebrows once more, asking if he should continue.
Again I nodded, mesmerised.  He hitched his thumbs under the elastic of his
baggy pants and pushed them down.  My throat went dry and I started to
shiver when the material went lower.  He stopped just for a moment, fixing
me with a wink and then pushed them down his legs.

Into view popped something I had only seen before on a horse!  My jaw
dropped in amazement and Muna laughed at my astonishment.  "It is big, no?"

People think I am big, but compared to this, well there was no comparison.
It must have been ten to twelve inches long and very thick and straight.
It was black rather than the coffee colour of the rest of him. He watched
me staring and then slowly moved his hand up and down the shaft making it
jump around.

"Unbelievable," was all I could say.

He laughed and said "It real, very real," and shuffled closer.  His hand
took hold of mine and placed it over his shaft.  The heat was incredible,
boiling hot.  Muna tilted back his head and closed his eyes, "Ah! Mr Mike,
you very good."

I stroked up and down, feeling the solidity, the enormous strength
twitching at my touch.  This was one big piece of meat.  My own cock was
rock hard now and it was impossible for me not to feel myself.  Muna had
closed his eyes again revelling in my touch.  My throat pained at the
dryness and my nerves were tingling all over.

He opened his eyes once more and looked at me for a moment.  Then he moved
closer and pressed himself against me so that I could no longer work my
hand.  His arms encircled, lightly running up and down my back.  Slowly he
gently began to hump his hips against me, rubbing my own cock against his
stomach as he did so.  He was murmuring under his breath and then nibbled
at my neck.  Within moments he tightened his arms and let out a deep sigh.
I could feel his hips buck a little harder and then felt wetness over my
stomach as he came.  I pulled back a little, but his cock continued to
erupt, firing high up my chest.  Wow, it was a bucketful; the poor man
mustn't have dropped a load for months.

When he had finished, without further ado he hitched up his pants and
dropped the robe again.  Then he pulled a cloth from the bed and wiped me
off.  My own cock had quickly gone down and was back in my briefs.  Perhaps
to hide the embarrassment we both now had, he quickly went back to business
and opened up another pair of jeans and offered them for me to try.  They
were near, but still a bit too big.


Part 2

Just as I had pulled them up I heard Brian shouting my name.

"Ah! your good friend, I call him.  Please wait!" Moments later Brian was
guided him into the room and seated on one of the chairs.

"Sorry I've been a bit of a long time, the Pharmacy around the corner
didn't have it, so they sent me to another one and then they didn't know
what it was.  They got out all the textbooks to look up the name and that
took ages.  Anyway, I got it after all that.  What you been up to, what you
been buying?"

 I laughed, "So far, one tee-shirt. But I've tried on fifty pairs of jeans
though, none of them the right size!"

Muna had now got a tape measure and was busy sifting through the pile
measuring each one to find the correct size.

I said quietly to Brian, "You won't believe what just happened here, this
guy fancied me and got worked up.  Just shot off his load too.  He has the
biggest dick you ever did see."

"You're kidding!! I leave you alone for five minutes and you find King
Kong, just like that."  He paused for a moment, "How big was it?"  I knew
he would be interested; he could never resist a comment on dick size.

"How about twelve inches," I told him.

"No way man, not possible," Brian said, his eyes losing focus.

"It's true, really he has the dick of a donkey, honest."

"Fuck, I missed that?"

"Well he came so fast, he must be up for more if you want to take a chance
with him."

"Fuck, twelve fucking inches, jeez, I wouldn't mind seeing that."

I could see his brain working, but he didn't say anything further for Muna
held up another pair of jeans.

"Ah! Mr Mike, this is 30, sure this is the right one for you."  I took them
from him

They both watched me take off the previous pair leaving me feeling a bit
silly and in fact a bit shy changing in front of them.  Why I don't know,
they had both seen me naked, Brian dozens of times.

"No wonder he got horny, you prancing around in those briefs," Brian
whispered.

"Shut up Brian!" I hissed back under my breath.

But he didn't, "if I had you in my shop, I'd give you one straight up the
arse, no problem!" The vision was triggering my cock and I could feel it
again start to fill up a little.

Before I had time to put on the other pair Brian cracked his hand on my bum
and said to Muna.  "This boy, No.1 English stud."

Muna looked like he didn't understand.

Brian carried on, "Nice boy, good body, eh Muna?"

He understood now, "Yes, Mr Mike very nice man, very good Englishman."

Brian then surprised me and pulled down my briefs over one cheek, "Now
Muna, is that a good arse or what?"

"Brian! Stop that," I said, alarmed at what he was doing.

"Don't worry, leave this to me," he whispered back.  "Now Muna, this is
very beautiful man, yes?"

"Oh yes, Mr Mike is very beautiful man, yes very beautiful."

I could see Muna was wondering what was going on here, but I also saw his
hand slip under his robe.

Brian went further, "Mike here, like too much jig-a-jig.  You like
jig-a-jig Muna?"

Muna's face cracked into a broad grin, "Muna like jig-a-jig."

I shot off to Brian, "What's that, jig-a-jig?"

"Oh, it's what we do so well together.  Muna, you like it, Mike like it, me
like it. No problem?"

Muna nodded, understanding perfectly even if I was having trouble keeping
up with the two of them.  His hand was openly feeling himself now, his mind
obviously on something like we had just been doing or more.  Brian was
making a show of rubbing his crotch to emphasise the message.

His hand was still holding the top of my briefs, now he pulled them right
down all the way to my ankles.

"Now Muna, let's have a look at what you got," he said and gestured with
his hand for Muna to take his robe off.

He pulled it off over his head and then stepped towards us.  Brian reached
for him and pulled on his pants, indicating he should drop them.  I could
see Brian was really excited and was dying to see his cock.

"Muna, you have a good body too!" Brian said appreciating, the strongly
shaped chest and flat stomach with not a trace of fat anywhere.  A really
handsome man.

He then dropped his pants revealing his cock, now hard again.

Brian gasped.  "Fuck, look at that, I didn't really believe you, but you
were right.  Fucking big as a donkey, no, a fucking horse!" he said in
amazement.

Now fully naked I could appreciate Muna completely, he was exceptionally
handsome, almost regal in the way he carried his body.  Brian quickly
slipped off his tee-shirt, jeans and jockey to stand naked next to him.

Muna looked him over and smiled.  "Mr Brian, you very nice man. Same your
friend."

Brian dropped to his knees and grabbed Muna's cock.  "What a beaut of a
cock, take a good look," he said holding it inches away from his face.
"Hey Mike, just imagine being shafted by this, it would bring tears to your
eyes," he said laughing.  "And you thought old Charley was a monster, fuck,
he is nothing compared to this one."

"Don't you even think about it. You want him to kill me?"

"Yeah, I reckon it would, but I would love to see it all the same. A big
black cock humping your tight asshole makes me want to come just thinking
about it."

"Well, that's all you're going to do, think." The idea turned me on, but
not the practicalities.

"Come on Mike, get down here and take a close look," he said grabbing my
arm and pulling me next to him.  He pushed the cock towards my face.  "Look
at that cock, man it's fantastic, right?"

I had to agree, it was magnificent.  Brian was holding it this way and that
trying to see from every angle, then he weighed Muna's balls and played
with the loose skin.  I looked up at Muna, his eyes were closed and his
head was tilted backwards.  Both hands were on his hips and his pelvis
pushed forward. I think he must have thought he had won the lottery or
something

"Suck it, Mike," Brian whispered, holding it close to my face.  "Go on,
take that black cock in your mouth, and let me see you suck him!"

I hesitated, somehow not wanting to, but at the same time turned on by the
idea.  Brian waited but I didn't make a move, so he quickly took the end of
it in his own mouth.  He slurped noisily, trying to see just how much he
could take in.  Satisfied he had tried his best; he pulled out then held it
for me.  I didn't move, but then Brian's hand pressed hard against the back
of my head knocking it to my lips.  I could feel the heat, radiating from
my lips through into my body.

"Suck the fucker," Brian commanded and pushed my head harder.

I opened my mouth slowly and Muna's big cock glided through my lips and
over my tongue to the back of my mouth.  Even then, I could still look down
the shaft seemingly just as big as ever.  The heat melted the last of my
resistance and I began to work him hungrily, trying like Brian to see just
how much I could take.  Brian was encouraging, telling me to do better,
take more, and suck harder.  Urged on so, I tried to follow, hoping I could
miraculously somehow take the whole thing down my throat.

As I sucked Muna's cock, Brian leant forward and licked his balls, holding
them up and licking the underside.  Muna moved his legs further apart and I
could hear his breath draw audibly.  We swapped ends, Brian took back the
cock and I licked and sucked his balls.  I ran one hand over his stomach to
feel the solid muscle.  Then Brian held it back for me, but this time we
put our mouths to each side, passing back the end between us.  We were both
in frenzy, loving the feel of such a big monster within our grasp.

But it was all more than enough for Muna.  Putting one hand to each of our
heads, he pressed us both firmly onto his cock.  He bucked his hips sliding
it up and down between our mouths, fucking between our faces.  His hands
kept pressing to keep us firmly in contact with the meat.  We could tell he
was going to come, but we were hungry trying to outdo each other to give
him (and ourselves) the ultimate high.  He groaned loudly and juice pumped
out from his cock, splashing over our faces as it did so.  He kept us there
while working his hips back and forth till the last drop had been expelled.
Brian quickly took the end full in his mouth to suck out the last till
Muna's big cock deflated into a soft but still large rubber truncheon.

"Aw man, that was good," said Brian and I agreed it was, pretty incredible.
Muna, smiling slowly shook his head from side to side in something of
disbelief at what had happened.  We knew he was in heaven also.

Neither Brian or I had touched ourselves; I was fit to explode with having
a double sexual bout without any release.  Although Muna was out for the
moment, I could see by the glazed look in Brian's eyes that he was not
finished yet and would have to get himself off.  Leaving behind Muna's
cock, he stood up and displayed his own steel hard dick.  He stroked it a
few times.

"Shit, Mike I really need to do something with this," he said desperately.
I was ready to go down and suck him, thinking that's what we were into
right now, but I was wrong.

"I can't help thinking of that black cock going up your ass, I need to do
it too," he said, turning me around.

Feeling so horny, this wasn't a problem for me but I did wonder about Muna,
what he would think.  The idea of him standing watching charged me up, kind
of surprising myself with the thrill of exhibitionism.

Brian came up behind and pushed his cock between the cheeks of my ass.  I
moved a little till I could feel the head touch my button and pressed back
against him.

"Shit", I cried, "It's dry, you will kill me if you do it like this."

Quickly Brian dropped to his knees and pressed his face against my ass, his
tongue searching my button and stabbed into it. He pressed his thumbs on
each side, opening me more so he could slick me up real well.  I loved him
doing this, it would bring me off soon enough if he did nothing more.

He dropped some spit onto his palm and worked it over his dick, bringing it
back to my ass.  This time it slid easily, I was ready for him and knowing
each other so well it was quickly inside.  He pushed down my head to bend
me over so I had to hang on to the table.  Planting his feet well apart and
hands on my hips, he commenced fucking.  I guess we were both thinking the
same thing, Muna's cock going into some asshole.  The image of him was
fixed firmly in our minds.

Muna came to stand next to us, watching Brian closely.  Looking to one
side, I could see him peering between us to watch him fuck. One of his
hands toyed with his cock and I watched it fill out, slowly rising like a
kind of snake, from hanging between his legs to standing out at right
angles.  I couldn't resist reaching, pulling him closer so that I could
suck him.  Having Brian plugging my ass and the thought of a big hot cock
in my mouth was bringing me to almost the point of exploding.

Suddenly Brian stopped and pulled out.  At first, I wondered if he had
come, had I missed it with being side-tracked by Muna's cock.

Then Brian said, "Muna, you!"

I realised what he had in mind and said "No Brian, I can't do that. He's
just too big."

"It's okay; I will make sure he doesn't get carried away and hurt you.  But
I got to see him put a little bit in your ass.  Do it for me, please."

I had to think quickly, I didn't really believe Muna's cock could actually
get in my ass, and I was frightened to even let him try.  But Muna had
already taken his place behind me and Brian kept telling me it would be
okay, so I bit my tongue and said nothing.

Muna didn't try to put it in immediately but toyed sliding it up and down
between my cheeks.  I relaxed a little when the expected onrush didn't
happen. Moments later, the thought and feeling of that big cock sliding up
and down my crack had me hot and on the boil.  Brian joined the fray,
bending down to slick and lick Muna's cock and my ass as it went back and
forth. I knew he was beside himself with excitement.  I too was groaning
with the pleasure, not able to help myself.

A bolt of lightning struck me.  The pain as his cock went through the door
of my ass; I could have hit the roof.

I tried to stand up, but Brian said: "It's okay, just relax, don't move or
it will hurt more."

I calmed down as Muna had kept himself still after the first thrust.

"Brian, I can't do this, I don't like it," I pleaded.

"No it's okay really, he has the head in already so just relax a minute, it
will be fine," he replied.

To help me, he reached under to play with my now deflated cock.  Moving
round to face me, he bent down and kissed me, telling me it was alright and
everything would be fine, just try it a bit longer.  I nodded that I would.
He bent down under and sucked at my cock making me harden up, which helped
in relaxing me a little.

I felt Muna slowly withdraw his cock, but then push back once again.  He
held there, backing his weight till he knew I was flinching at the pain and
then slowly reversing out.  He slicked it with spit once more and put it to
the mark, pushing in for another try.

"Yeah man," said Brian excitedly, "It's already half in; yeah fuck man that
is fantastic!"

The pain in actual fact had almost gone but in its place was the feeling of
bursting apart, as if I was being inflated with air and sooner or later
would explode.  I groaned and moaned as Muna continued to insert himself.

Brian became ecstatic. "Man this is fantastic, how can that go in your ass,
Mike?  How does it feel man, wow, incredible!"

I couldn't give an answer and he didn't really need one.

Muna stopped pushing a while, then moved his position slightly placing both
hands on my hips and began a slow rhythm of penetration and withdrawal.
Brian stroked his cock watching Muna slowly fuck.

"Man, you are the best, you should see this, my god he has almost the whole
length in you!"

"Shit, don't I know it," I gasped.  "Hey Brian, can't I lie on his bedroll
on my back, my legs are giving out here, it's a much more comfortable
position for me."

"Yeah, sure why not?" he said and then pointed Muna to the bed, saying we
should move there.

"Yes, yes," said Muna, "very good, very good, we go to bed."

He pulled out and then helped me to stand upright, my joints feeling stiff
and aching being tensed in that bending position.  Both helped me onto the
bedroll, and I laid out on my back thankful at the easier situation.

Muna got down on his haunches, a bit different to how Brian did me when I
was on my back.  Picking up my legs he rested each on his shoulders.  He
pulled his cock a few moments to bring it back to full strength.  In this
position, I could watch as he put it back to my ass and eased his way once
more up my channel.  It was certainly better and easier than when I was
standing.  Seeing it and feeling it was a whole new ball game.  He smiled
down making an expression to ask if I was okay.  I nodded back for him to
carry on.  Gently he slid his black tube on and on till I was back to the
feeling of exploding at any moment.  He stopped to re-position his feet,
then pivoting, began swinging his body between his own legs, his dick
sliding in and out of my ass.

His cock rubbed that magic button deep inside and automatically I pushed
against his thrust.  He recognised I was now "home" and began to speed up
his pace, taking a more active role now he knew I was fine.  Brian was
knelt down to the side, gaping at the sight of this big cock filling up
little me.  I was sure his dick had also grown an extra inch with the
excitement.  He played with it, but I knew he didn't want to come before
Muna and spoil the fun.

Muna changed position, now going on his knees and leaning more over me and
bending my legs back towards my head.  In this way, he was going deeper and
I couldn't stop myself crying out and moaning.  But it wasn't one of pain;
just the emotion of being so completely filled that was shorting out all my
sensations into an absolute brainstorm.

On and on he fucked, now having come two times already he was going for the
long distance.  His speed increased and I could feel his ball sack slapping
my ass.  I knew then that he must be almost all inside me.  Sweat trickled
down his forehead and the sides of his face.  He shook his head a few times
to get rid of it and then went at it even harder and faster.  By now, he
was hitting hard against my ass and fully home.  I was writhing around, at
the same time trying to escape and also to impale myself further.

Brian kept on saying "Fantastic, incredible, wow, fuck, fuck, fuck."  He
encouraged Muna to go faster, fuck me harder, then asking me how it felt in
one continuous commentary.

There was no doubt about it I was enjoying this, totally filled and totally
scoured of my senses. I began to feel a loss of sensation in my body,
everywhere except my ass. Muna ploughed on, his body now moving at high
speed, I knew he would soon reach his climax.  Sure enough, moments later
he began moaning, his breath panting rapidly as the crescendo came.  I was
moaning too, feeling that cock grow ever bigger, ever hotter digging into
parts never probed before till he let go and began pumping his juices,
filling me with red hot liquids I could clearly sense at every surge.

I twisted and squirmed, afire with the sensations and more that a little
out of my mind.  Muna stayed inside till his cock stopped pulsing and then
very slowly withdrew, falling backwards to lean against the wall and catch
his breath.

Brian asked me "How was it man?" but I just shook my head, not able to
explain anything at that moment.  "Mike, let me finish too, I just have to
drop my load after watching that".

I didn't answer again, but he moved into Muna's previous position and
straight away put his cock in and began fucking me.  I couldn't feel his
cock and immediately worried if my new size would be permanent.  Brian was
hot and pent-up with excitement so within a minute he let fly with his
stuff as well.

All over, Brian cleaned me up and lowered my legs back down, my joints
aching like mad.  I lay there some minutes, my mind running through
everything again like watching a film, with me in the audience and quite
detached. I had not thought of my own cock and in fact, it had softened
with all the fucking but one of those times when a soft dick didn't mean
you weren't enjoying the action.  But now it stood up straight as I thought
about taking that gigantic dick.  I began stroking myself and Brian
realising I too wanted to come off bent down to lick at the head of my cock
as my hand started to fly up and down the shaft.  He moved down to lick at
my balls which sent me over the edge, spraying my stomach and chest with a
massive load of juice.

My head spinning, I laid there for quite some time, Brian and Muna dressing
before I could raise the energy to move and get up.  Finally, those last
pair of jeans did fit and I wore them, putting the soiled items in a bag.
When I offered Muna the payment, he refused, saying we were his friends and
he didn't charge his friends.

By the time we left the shop it was three in the afternoon and the market
was all but deserted.  Muna walked with us till we flagged down a taxi,
seeing us off with great hugs and nose rubbing, asking us to see him next
time we were in town.  I am sure we will!  Apart from a pair of aching legs
and you know what, it was a great experience and one I am always going over
to in my mind when I have the need to jack-off.  Back in the port, we hung
around till four o' clock when the agent's launch set out to make a tour of
the ships at anchor and took us home, back to our life on the Harmonia.


All your comments are welcome, to John at
bokjay123@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Thu, 31 Aug 2017 07:40:02 +0000
From: John
Subject: Able Semen 1 of 7. Beginnings

How about making a small contribution to the running of Nifty? Not many
places where you can get so much enjoyment for free! Remember Nifty needs
your help to keep this unique venue alive. Go to:-
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

A Very Able Semen

By John -- bokjay123@hotmail.com

Part 1

Hi! My name is Mike.  I am 22 years old and a 3rd Engineer with one of the
biggest container shipping lines in Europe.  I love the life, going to
different countries, meeting new people when we are in port and getting the
chance sometimes to have a look around the sights.

But although I love it now, at first I went through hell and thought going
to sea was the biggest mistake I ever made.  I thought I was going to die!
Last weekend on a visit back home, I came across some of the diaries I used
to keep and read a few of them again.  Everything came back to me, making
me shudder at times when I remembered that first trip.

Let me start at the beginning, just before I got my first job.

My dad had always insisted I work hard at school, making sure I did my
homework before going off with my friends.  I got some good grades and as
schooling neared its end, my thoughts turned to what I would do with myself
and how to put them to good use.  I had always been interested in ships,
building lots of kit models, reading books and novels about ships and life
at sea.  In my town, there were not a great variety of jobs available and
also in that last year, the biggest factory and employer in the district
closed down. Increasingly I thought of getting out of the place and that
brought me back to ships.  My Uncle Billy had been in the Royal and
Merchant Navies and I often talked with him his time with them.

"You will do well there, a lad like you can't go wrong", he used to say,
"and a fine life for a young lad, they will be queuing up for you when you
get into port," he winked.  Stuff like that really got my dreams going.

In the last couple of months of school, I made my decision; I would join
the Merchant Navy.  My dad thought it was a good idea too, so I had the
family's backing.

Dad had a friend from Liverpool and he agreed, "Mike will have a great
life, smart lad like that, no problem!"

He had some contacts with his old company and arranged for me to go to
their offices and sit an exam.  This I passed which meant I would go on to
a training school for new boys who would serve an engineering
apprenticeship with them.

So when I finished with my state schooling, I joined the merchant navy
training scheme in Liverpool.  It was during this time that the newspapers
were full of Britain's recession and stories of companies laying off
workers or closing down.  The company I was to join after the training
school was also in the headlines, I saw one story where the Chairman denied
rumours that they were in financial trouble.  Things didn't look too rosy,
but I kept on doing my best. Many of my mates' back home had not been able
to find jobs, so it looked as though I had made the right move.

Soon enough, the training programme finished and I went back home to wait
for my first posting with the company.  But it didn't come quickly; weeks
followed weeks waiting for news.  I got very bored sitting at home.  My
mates were jealous at first that I had a job, but when I was still home day
after day, they began to think I was putting them on.  My dad was worried
too, his company was laying off people and the thought of providing for the
whole family if the worst came to the worst, well, it didn't make for a
happy time.

Then one morning through the post was the news I'd been waiting for.  Mr
Mike...... to join the vessel Northern Prince at Liverpool in two weeks
time, etc. etc.  I jumped up and down for joy; finally, it had all come
right!  Not only my first assignment but the Northern Prince was the
company's newest vessel, I couldn't believe my luck.

Slowly the time dragged on till the day I jumped on the train, saying
goodbyes to all the family and shedding a few tears with my mom.  I didn't
expect to get so emotional, but suddenly the thought of leaving home and
being away from them, well you can guess.

In Liverpool, I found my way to the port office where there were lots of
people milling around.  When I showed my papers to the officer there, he
stabbed his finger at the newspaper on the desk.  Hadn't I read the papers,
he asked me?  I picked it up and looked at the article. My heart dropped to
the floor.  "Prince Lines in financial difficulties, three ships sold off
to reduce debt."

I looked at the officer and asked what it all meant.  "It means you don't
have a ship to go to," he said.  "As of this morning it belongs to somebody
else and one of their crews will now take over.  You best be going home and
wait to see what the company has for you now".

I could just see myself back home with no job.  Everybody at the office was
in the same position and they would all be running around looking for work
with other companies.  I didn't imagine anyone wanting a new kid straight
from school.  The tears were back at the corners of my eyes again.  I went
outside and wiped them, not wanting anyone to see what effect this had.

Slowly I walked around the docks wondering what to do and how I might
approach other companies to see if they had work.  I came to the Northern
Prince and stood looking up at her, now silent and still.  Close by,
another chap asked me if I was one of her crew.  I told him I'd been due to
join her today, but now didn't have a job.  He sympathised with my
situation but told me times were tough and bound to get worse before they
got better.

But as if just remembering, he said he'd heard the "Harmonia" down the dock
was missing an engine room hand today, why didn't I give her a try.  I
looked up and wondered at my luck.  He saw my enthusiasm and said for me to
go to the ship and find Henry, the Chief, and tell him that Albert sent me.
I thanked him time and again before running down the dock road. I thought I
would take it, just to get me started with something rather than go home
empty handed.  I couldn't bear to see the look on my mates or my family's
faces when I told them the job with Prince Lines had fallen through.

I found the "Harmonia". She looked awful, to say the least.  Only small
compared to the Northern Prince, she must have been twenty-five years old
if not more and probably that was when it was last painted too.  But I
needed that job, so up the gangway I went and found my way to the Chief's
office and asked for Henry.  He came along soon enough, but he was not what
I expected.  Just an oldish chap in dirty overalls with a cigarette hanging
out the corner of his mouth.  Taking my papers, he just glanced through
them and then stared at me for what seemed a long while.

Abruptly he said something like, "Okay lad, you got the job, the pay is
this and you will do that.  We leave on the evening's tide.  Take it or
leave it."

I said yes, it would be fine, although the pay was a pittance; I was
thinking only that it would be a start.

He shouted at someone to take me to a cabin and stow my gear away, then to
report to him in two hours time.  The man was not much older than me and
introduced himself as Brian.  He was really inquisitive, asking about my
training, had I been on a ship before etc. etc.  When I said no, this was
the first, he told me everything was okay but that the Chief could be a bit
of a bastard.

"My advice to you," he said, "is keep on the right side of him, and then
you'll be okay.  I don't think you will have a problem though."

He put me into a cabin and told me I was sharing with the Sparks and Radio
ops, name of Barry.  Nice chap he said, you won't have any trouble with
him.  I wrote a quick letter home telling them all that had happened and at
my good fortune in securing this work. They would be wondering about me
after reading the newspaper that morning.

My job was a general dogsbody, cleaning this, fetching that, going for
coffee to the mess, you name it and I did it.  The Engine room was the
province of Henry the Chief and Charles, the second engineer.  In fact,
Henry ran the whole ship, the Master was an old soak and kept himself in
his cabin most of the time and I hardly ever saw him. So everyone came to
Henry about decisions on just about everything.

I soon met Norman on my frequent visits to the mess where he was the cook.
He was a bit of an old woman with his airs and gestures.  I had not met
anyone like him before then, but nowadays I know a lot.  But he was a nice
man and was interested in what I was doing and how everything was going for
me.  He told me just to make sure I "did alright" by Henry and the whole
ship would be happy.  I had no idea what he meant but didn't pursue it.

"When Henry is in a bad mood," Norman told me, "the whole ship will know
about it and everyone suffers, so be a sweet and just make him happy".

I was determined to do my job well, even if it was not the ship I thought I
was going to.

My first inkling that all was not right was about seven days out from
Liverpool.  We were heading to some port in Africa and the weather warmed
day by day.  Soon most of the crew were working in nothing but shorts, me
just some old jeans I had cut right down.  Even old Henry and Charley wore
shorts but with grimy stained old vests.  It was an afternoon in the engine
room and nothing had broken down or needed attention.  Henry and Charley
were seated at a little table drinking from a bottle of whisky.  I was
cleaning some machinery close by them when Henry called me over.  He had a
grin on his face and asked me what my life story was, now was the time he
wanted to hear about me.

I started telling them about getting the job with Prince Lines, Charley
cracking a few jokes at some of the stuff I said.  Henry was chuckling away
and at one point he patted my bum.  His hand remained there for a while and
I thought nothing of it, but on returning from some gesture he made, his
hand went back to rest at the top of my leg, under the shorts.  He kneaded
my bum a little and said he had got himself a fine young helper and they
had to show me the ropes.  Charley was grinning from ear to ear and reached
over to test the muscles in my legs, first my calves, then up to my thighs,
over my stomach to my arms and then back down again. I tried to step back a
bit, but Henry's hand suddenly stiffened on my bum to keep me in my place.

I was getting very nervous at their liberties with my body.  I know they
were only making fun, but I didn't like it at all.  Charley said I had the
makings of some good muscles when I had some work under my belt, and asked
me how much muscle I had there.  His hand grabbed my crotch and squeezed to
find my cock beneath.

"Oh! Not a bad piece of meat Henry," he said, "the lad will be a big-un
when he's a bit older.  Here, have a feel of him".

He pushed me more towards Henry who put his other hand where Charlie's had
just been.

As Henry started feeling my balls and cock through the shorts, I panicked.
Pushing them both away, I said I was going for some coffee to the mess, and
turned to hurry out of the engine room.  Not more than ten paces and
something floored me to the deck.  A loud metallic noise followed and a
piece of steel tubing around four feet long rattled across the grating
floor.  I felt like my body was broken in two.  Trying to get up, I was
startled by Henry grabbing the hair on the back of my head and yanking me
up.

"You little fucker, don't you ever walk away from me."  His other hand
smacked into the side of my face and I saw stars.  "You little jumped up
asswipe, who the fuck do you think you are?" he shouted.

I heard Charley say anxiously, "Take it easy on him Henry, the lads new and
doesn't know anything yet."

I tried to heave myself up, but then I was catapulted forward by Henry's
boot as he kicked me in the backside.  I stumbled towards the door, hearing
Henry swearing behind, "That little fucker better start learning what to do
around here or he'll be over the side, won't be the first either."

I was scared to death and didn't know what to do.  My body was in agony and
I knew I had to do something about it.  Going to the medic, I told him I
had fallen down the stairway in the engine room.  He had me drop my shorts
and checked me all over.  I had no broken ribs but they were very badly
bruised.  The boot up my ass had connected onto the tailbone and that hurt
like hell too.  Arnold, the medic, gave my ass a good examination, more
than I thought necessary, but he did clean me up okay, stopped my nose
bleeding and put cream where it hurt.

As I was going to leave, he said, "You know Mike, I am not a doctor, if you
break anything you will be in big trouble on this ship.  I can only patch
up cuts and bruises, not much more.  If I were you, I would be nice to
Henry or else it might be the death of you."

How did he know it was Henry when I told him I had fallen?  I made my way
to the mess, I guess I needed a shoulder to cry on and I knew I would get
comfort and advice from Norman.  As soon as he saw me, he rushed over and
helped me sit next to where he was working.

"Oh! You poor boy", he said, "what did I tell you about not getting on the
wrong side of Henry. It was Henry, wasn't it?"  I nodded.  "I knew it," he
said.  "You will have to be more careful."

I wished him dead and told Norman so.

But he surprised me and said, "No Henry is not a bad man, you do alright by
him and you can do anything you like, mark my words.  It's always the same
with you young lads, got your head filled with your own notions, but you
have to get on in this world and make the best of it.  On this boat, that
means getting on with Henry.  The sooner you learn that the better for you
and everyone."

After coffee and some of Norman's cakes, I went back to my cabin to rest.
After a short while, Barry came in off his watch.  He had already heard of
my misfortune and more or less told me the same as Norman.  I drifted off
to sleep thinking about what I could do about my situation.  I wanted to
get back to home as soon as possible, I hated it here.

Part 2

The next day in the engine room was just as if it had only been my
imagination.  Henry was his usual self, not making any remarks on
yesterday's do.  I worked as best as I could, even though I was still in
some pain. When the first opportunity arose, I apologised to Henry, saying
I was sorry I had been so rude.  I didn't feel sorry, but I wanted to make
amends in whatever way I could.  He seemed embarrassed then and said,
"Don't mention it." He patted my bum and told me about some job that he
wanted attending to.

A few days later and we were south of the equator, and it was hot, hot,
hot.  Imagine the heat from those engines, no A/C and the humid weather. I
was running in sweat even before getting to work and my shorts were glued
tight with the perspiration.  Everyone was the same.  In those conditions,
I didn't expect to find Henry and Charley at it again with the whisky, but
they were.  I could hear snatches of the conversation, Charley spinning
some sexy tale about his past conquests.  They were laughing a lot and
enjoying the reminiscing.  They had also made themselves hard I could
easily see, and both of them weren't bothered about openly groping their
crotches and squeezing dicks, whenever Charley got to some juicy part of
the story.

I had to show Henry some part I had cleaned up and went over to him.  He
kept me waiting while Charley went on with his tale.  When he finished,
Charley shook his stiff cock to signify some point.

Henry laughed then said to me "Now that's what we call a real cock, old
Charley has the biggest one on this ship, don't you Charley?"

"Aye, I'm proud of my tackle, but it was nowt special when I was Mike's
age, only got bigger when I started using it.  In fact, I bet young Mike is
bigger now than I was then, I felt a right big sausage under them shorts
the other day."

I was embarrassed at the mention of the problem we had before but was
determined not to do anything to upset these two again.

Henry chortled, "Give this here young lad a look at a real cock Charley.  I
bet it will open his eyes a bit".

Charley laughed and told me to come closer, which I did.  He flicked open
the top button and drew down the zip.  I didn't want to look but went along
with them.  He reached inside and then looked at me.

"You ready for this young-un?"  With that, he pulled out the longest dick I
could imagine.

"Shit!" I exclaimed and they laughed at my expression.

He waved it around, then took my hand and pulled it to his cock.  I
resisted at first but he was forceful, so I did as he wanted.  I don't
think I had touched another's cock till then.  This was so thick and long
and it felt like it was on fire.

Charley said, "Now Mike, tell me if you have seen one like this before".

"No," I said, "Nothing ever like this."  In fact, the only cock I had seen
were my classmates in the changing room showers after football, and nobody
was remotely this size.

It twitched as I held on with Charlie's hand over mine so I couldn't pull
away.  He moved my hand up and down, to emphasise what he had.

Charley repeated himself, "It were no bigger than yours either when I was a
teenager".

As if to confirm what he'd said, he put his other hand on the top of my
cut-offs and yanked them open, the zipper running down as he pulled the
flap to one side.  He still held my hand on his cock, but with his other,
he went over the top of the elastic and pulled down the jockeys to exhibit
my own dick.

He grabbed it and held it up for Henry's inspection. "See the lad is well
made already, he will give a good few satisfaction with this, I'll bet."

His hand moved up and down my shaft so that it started to fill out even as
I wished it to stay small.  Henry leant forward better to see.  He reached
to feel the weight and cup my balls.  The only thought in my mind was not
to get them upset, instead of doing what I wanted to do, run like hell!

Henry agreed with Charley on my cock, saying it was a grand specimen for
someone of my years.

He reached around and pulled my briefs and shorts right down, saying "Look
at his ass, the lad's got a comely shaped bum if ever there was one, don't
you think Charley?"

Both of them ran their hands over my ass just as if I was an animal being
inspected.  I stood my ground though and didn't wince.

Charley piped up next, "Well Henry, this won't do, us two showing all we
are made of and you keep yourself to yourself.  Get that cock out and show
Mike here you're not shy in your old age".

Henry stood and dropped his shorts, showing his cock standing to attention.
There we were, three of us with our dicks on display, I felt a real fool!

Charley said, "Now Mike, you've had a feel at mine, just see if there is a
difference with Henry's, take it in your other hand and keep this one on
mine."

I did as he asked and both cocks jumped and twitched to my touch.  Charley
grabbed my dick again and Henry felt my balls and slid his oily hands over
my arse.

Henry said, "Well ain't this grand, just the job to take the heat out of my
balls".

Charley answered, "Well I think he is putting the heat in mine," and they
both laughed.

"Now," Henry said, "Just work it a bit faster son, yes like that, makes a
man feel good does that".

Charley was frigging my cock up to hard and with the sight of the two
obviously enjoying themselves, a nice feeling was coming over me like I
hadn't experienced before.

Charley must have seen it written on my face, for he said, "Now Mike, we
can see you are loving it so just make sure we all do and keep busy with my
cock now."

I did as he said and wanked it faster till I could tell I was doing it
right for him.  Henry's hand was groping around my ass, even going in the
crack to tickle behind my balls.  The feeling was new to me, but I had to
admit it was nice.

We stood wanking each other, till Charley announced that his soup was on
the boil and was about to spill out.  Henry grunted, "Me too", then before
I knew it they were jetting long strands of cum onto my stomach and
legs. Charley didn't stop wanking me, he did it faster and faster as he
came while Henry was working his fingers in my crack and touched my ass
hole.  Before I could object, a hot feeling flowed through me and I moaned
as my cock erupted with a great wad of jizz onto the floor in front.

Both of them laughed and said what a good do that was.  I pulled up my
shorts again feeling embarrassed once more.

Henry patted my bum, "Why don't you run up to the mess and bring us some
mugs of coffee eh?"

"Okay", I said and walked over to the exit.

"Oh yes," he called after me, "Tell Cook to send some of his cream buns
down as well".

I conveyed the message to Norman, who just looked at me staring.

"What's the matter?" I said.

He rushed over and gave me a big hug.  "Henry wants cream buns"?

"Yes, that's what he said, why"?

"Well it sounds to me as if you are finally getting on the right side of
him, he doesn't ask for cream buns unless he is feeling particularly
pleased with himself!  I do hope things will start getting better for you
now, didn't I tell you?"

He danced around his table singing as he made up the order and retrieved
some cakes from the fridge.  Taking them back down the engine room, we all
sat around feeding our faces like a bunch of kids, nothing said at what had
happened minutes before but all of us including me were in good humour.

So that was getting on the right side of Henry.  Nobody had spelt it out
for me and there I was thinking it was all about just working hard.  Still,
it was okay, better than being beaten with a steel tube.  If this was what
it was, I could live with it, no problem. I even admitted to myself I liked
Charley wanking me off, but I just whispered it to myself, didn't shout!!

Going about the ship, I had the feeling the crew were smiling at me, the
atmosphere had changed.  Everyone seemed that bit friendlier, more ready to
help me when I needed something done.  Things began to improve or so I
thought.

Part 3

It was only three days later and we were finishing up on putting a pump
unit back together.  The job had gone well, there were no leaks to make
Henry swear and curse.  It was nearly my finishing time, and Henry said for
me to go and get coffee for them.  I soon returned with three steaming mugs
and Henry fished out his bottle of scotch and poured some into his and
Charlie's.  Charley was already into another tale of his and Henry motioned
for me to sit and not interrupt.  It was about the time Charley and some
other crew had taken a woman onto a ship for a party and it turned into a
big gangbang.  He could tell a tale, keep you hanging with suspense and
create something as though you were watching a film.  I shuffled in my
seat, suddenly aware that I had a hard on with listening to the story.  I
looked at Charley and Henry, finding both with a tent their shorts.

Henry started squeezing his cock whilst he hung onto every word.  I watched
both of them, going from one to the other studying their faces.  Charley
was turning himself on, Henry was mesmerised by the story, with his eyes
looking into the distance as he pictured the story unfolding.  Then I saw
Henry's hand go into his fly and he started slowly frigging his cock.  My
own was feeling ready to burst also, but I couldn't wank myself in front of
these two.

I was looking at Charley when I felt Henry's hand grabbing mine and putting
it on his cock, which was now standing out of his shorts.  Instinctively I
resisted, but he tightened his grip, so I relented and let him place it.
He guided it up and down signalling that's what he wanted me to do.  I had
to admit to a kind of curiosity about doing this.  Not having any
experience about what other guys did or how they wanked themselves, it did
get my attention and interest.  The main reluctance I guess was due to my
embarrassment.  But these two didn't display any at all; everything seemed
to be normal with them.  Was this just the adult world I asked myself?

Seeing at what Henry had me do, Charley opened up his own and pulled out
his monster.  He kept on with the story telling about this girl who took it
up her cunt, in her ass and in her mouth at the same time, and then did it
all again with three more of them.

"What we could do with her here right now," said Henry wistfully.

"Couldn't we just," replied Charley, "But look what we got, only young Mike
here," and he laughed, giving me a wink.

"Aye, Mike is not so bad at doing this, but it's a long way from your woman
ain't it?

"Well," said Charley laughing again, "he's only one hole short of three,
and there are only two of us, so maybe that will be no loss".

Henry laughed again and looked at me smiling.  I didn't know what they were
on about, but I certainly didn't like the sound of it.  They were just
talking about fucking, so how could I be of any help.

"Come here son", said Henry pulling me up from my chair.

He guided me to stand in front of him, and then pushed me down till I was
kneeling on the floor.  I didn't have a clue to what he wanted or was
doing, I guessed he wanted me to wank him in a different position somehow.

"Now son, you be a good lad and just do what that lady did in Charlie's
story."

I didn't know what he meant, but he put his hand to the back of my head and
pushed me down to his cock.

"Just put Chief's cock in that sweet mouth of yours and be a good boy".

I didn't answer for my head was pushed down on it straight away. But I
wouldn't open my mouth, couldn't believe what he expected me to do.  He
gave me a cuff to the side of my head which made me remember my previous
experience, so I did as he wanted and opened.

I retched at first with the feel of a cock was in my mouth, I felt sick and
was sure I would throw up at any moment.

I heard Henry say "Well that is nice, that's just what I need after hearing
about Charlie's escapades.  Oh yes, that is a good boy".

The fact that I was pleasing him made me feel better somehow.  He was
cooing and stroking the back of my head, telling me how good it felt,
asking me to take more of it into my mouth.  Soon it was a bit better; I
didn't feel like throwing up.  I was also happy that I was making him happy
too.  I tried harder to do what he asked and soon got to know the signs
when my tongue touched a particularly sensitive part.  It twitched when I
slid my tongue to the underside and I could feel a surge of heat and size
when I held my breath and tried to take as much as I could into my mouth.

 "Well Mike, you are learning fast.  Charley this boy is top notch, I think
we'll be giving him a pay rise if he keeps up with this".

I felt something like a glow of pride at doing it right.

"Here Charley, just see if young Mike is as good as your lady".

He pulled me off his cock and pushed me towards Charley.  He guided me to
his monster but I could not so easily get it in.

"Now son," said Charley, "The knack is to relax, don't let it make you gag,
just control your reflex and you'll soon get the hang of it".

I tried to do as he said and felt some improvement.  I worked at it, making
my throat relax and not retch as his big cock pressed into the back.  I
seemed to manage better for I could soon take quite a bit.  When I felt as
if there was as much in there as possible, Charley lifted his hips and with
his hand pressing the back of my head, managed to shove even more into me.

Soon I was feeling pleased with my accomplishments and felt that they would
appreciate my efforts. Henry reached from behind me to undo my shorts.  My
hard on was bursting and I was hoping he would wank me as Charley had done
before.

He felt my dick, "Oh my goodness Charley, young Mike has a real stiffy.  I
think he has taken a liking to his seafaring career.  Certainly feels like
it judging by the state of this here cock".

He frigged it a little, but then pulled me up so I was in a kneeling
position on all fours kind of thing.  Then he eased down my shorts and
briefs.  I thought it was so he could get at my cock easier, so I helped
him as best as I could to get out of my stuff whilst still doing what
Charley wanted.

Henry did go back to my cock, but for just a short time.  He felt at the
back of my balls, opening my legs wide so he could reach from behind.  His
hands played with my ass cheeks as well, which I soon liked the feel of. He
touched my asshole and made me jump.  Gently he tickled the opening till I
got used to his finger there.  I wished he would frig me, for I would
surely have cum straight away if he would just touch my dick.

I wasn't sure exactly what he was doing with my bum hole, but the
sensations were nice.  Charley made sure I could not look by keeping my
mouth working on him.  Soon I got the feeling that he must have put a
finger into me, for I could feel a pressure building in that region.
Quickly I got used to it though and my mind went back to managing Charlie's
dick.  But only for a little while, for again I felt a pressure building
within me.  Somehow, Henry was giving me the feeling of playing with my
cock but from the inside.  I had no idea how, but that's the message my
brain was receiving.  Then I realised I could increase this feeling by
squeezing and then relaxing my ass muscles, till I got into a rhythm of
doing just that.

Suddenly though, my world seemed to crash down around me, my insides
explode in one almighty moment.  I didn't know what had happened, but my
ass was burning up and I wanted to vomit.  Charley sensed it, but instead
of letting me up, he pressed my head down even harder.  Henry was stroking
my back and after a while, the bad feeling started to recede.

"Now son, just do your best for me, eh?"

The awful feeling returned as I felt Henry's body come into contact with my
bum.  Then he moved away and then came close to me again.  I started to
twist and turn trying to get away from whatever was making this bad feeling
deep inside, but Henry's bear like grip kept me just where I was.

Luckily, the bad feeling soon started to go away.  Whatever he was doing I
didn't know, but a much nicer warm glow replaced it.  Somewhere about now I
suddenly realised that he was fucking me.  Stupidly I hadn't thought of it
before, but now I was sure.  A fright took hold and made me brace in
horror.  But just as I tensed the warm glow in my ass got better and
better, so that I thought I might have been mistaken about the whole thing.
Surely it would kill me if he really were trying to fuck me?

Henry grunted something to Charley, who gave back some reply.  Reality
finally took hold as both of them then started to move faster, I could feel
Henry's loins slapping into my ass and Charlie's cock seemed to press ever
deeper down my throat.  Both of them started to moan.  The taste in my
mouth started to change, but before I could really think about it, Charley
bucked really hard sending his cock almost into my stomach, or so it felt.
A gush of juice filled my mouth and forced its way past his cock and
dribbled down my chin.  I was trying to swallow it so that I might breathe
and I wouldn't choke, but there was so much to deal with.

Henry gripped my waist like a vice and slammed his body into mine with a
rapidly increasing speed.  As he began grunting I felt something get even
bigger in my ass, the heat was tremendous and this was followed by what
felt like hot liquid filling me up.  Henry collapsed onto my back
exhausted.  Charley carefully pulled out his now shrinking cock from my
mouth, still dribbling his sperm.

I didn't feel so good, hard to explain but it seemed like I was going to be
sick.  But my mood lifted a little as the Chief praised me.

"Well son, you have done us real proud today," said Henry.

"First rate," said Charley, and patted my back. "How you feeling son?" he
queried.

"I think I'm okay", I replied, but not really sure.

"Here, let me help you stand up," he said taking my hand and weight.  My
knees were weak and my legs shaking like mad.

"Poor lad", we have forgotten all about him," said Charley as he took hold
of my slightly deflated cock.  But at his touch, it quickly stiffened
again.  "Let me help you," he said and started to jack my cock.

His touch was nice, and as I closed my eyes and relished the feeling my
juice quickly started to come.  He put one hand on my ass and massaged the
cheeks, even going between them and feeling my hole too.  Just touching me
there had me shooting my load, and what a lot there was too.  It surprised
even me and I'd seen myself cum plenty!

But that was me finished for the day and I hauled myself back to my cabin.
After a long shower, I rested on my bunk a while till a stomach-ache sent
me to the toilet.  I made a big dump in the pan and then was really shocked
to see some blood there. I tried to stop it with tissue, but then in a
panic, I fled to Norman hoping he would be able to help.

"Whatever is wrong treasure?" he said as I burst into the kitchen.

I tried to explain I had a problem but found it hard to tell what they had
done to me.

"Norman, I'm bleeding" I cried.

"Oh my God," he said, "What did they do to you?"  "I don't know for sure,
but they were playing with my ass, I think I've been fucked".  I knew it
but was so embarrassed to actually say.

I started sobbing feeling sorry for myself.

"Well we would like to think we would know when we have been fucked," he
said a bit sourly.  "Come on, Uncle Norman will sort you out in my cabin."

Off we went to his room.

"Now let me tell you, old Uncle Norman has all the potions for when things
go wrong in this business.  The medic can fix your toothache, but he knows
nowt when it comes down to the pleasure regions.  In this game, you are
bound to catch something sooner or later, so just know you can always come
to me."

He opened a box on his dresser.  It was like a small pharmacy, there was so
much stuff in there.

"Now, let me have a look at you, get out of those shorts and lie down
across the bed with your feet on the floor."

I was a bit reluctant to expose myself like this, but he sounded as if he
knew what he was doing and for sure, I didn't really want to take this
problem to the medic.

"Haven't you ever heard of virgins bleeding?" he asked mockingly.

"Yes, but that's girls isn't it"?

"In this case, it's you as well."

He was pulling open the cheeks of my bum and with some tissue, was dabbing
around my hole.

"Yes, a plain case of losing your cherry by the looks of it, pity it wasn't
me to take the taking, I wouldn't have done this to you."

"Norman," I shouted, "Don't say things like that".

"Look, Sunny Jim, you are talking to one Mr Experience here I will let you
know.  I've been through just what you have, and so has a lot of the crew
on here and every other ship.  Only I knew all about it before I came on
the boats, looked forward to it I can tell you.  They were begging me for
my favours they were. I was a handsome man in my day even if I say so
myself.  They couldn't keep their hands off me and that was right up my
street, I don't mind telling you!  I had em all every which-away, even some
of the hard cases who would punch your eyes out as soon as look at you, I
had em begging for me to fuck them.  Yes it's true, only they would have
killed me had I let on.  It's always the same, those that you think are,
maybe they are not, those you would never guess, well they can't get enough
and not always the ways you think either."

On and on he went telling me his life and views while he cleaned up my hole
and rubbed some cream around it and up the inside.  He was very gentle and
I don't doubt he could have done the job a lot quicker, but who was I to
say when he was helping me out like this. He had me take some stuff; he
said the next time I went to take a dump it would make it easy and not tear
the skin again.  Old Norman really sounded like a doctor, seemed to know
everything.

"Right then, no sitting on top of the Christmas tree for a while and come
and see me tomorrow, let me look at how it's doing."

I think the old letch just wanted to see my bum again, but I did as he said
and by the day after, everything felt fine and could have almost forgotten
all about it. For a while, Henry and Charley left me alone, but what had
occurred had set Henry into a much better frame of mind.  Now you could
hear him singing around the place, cracking jokes with the other
crewmembers and was really nice to me. None of which had happened when I
first joined the ship.

Part 4

Around this time I received another new experience.  The ship had called at
a number of ports working its way down to South Africa.  The weather was
really humid and I took to sleeping naked.  Barry was not often in the
cabin, I don't know where he got to, but it was almost as if I had it all
to myself.  His gear was there, but I rarely found us in the room together.

When in port I used a mosquito net, but out at sea it was just a thin sheet
to cover me. I often woke to find it on the floor, but as I was alone it
didn't bother me.  One particular night, I was having a bit of a sexy
dream.  I don't know exactly what it was but I know there was plenty of sex
in there.  Part of it was where somebody was sucking my cock.  I was not
one for sexy dreams that I ever remembered afterwards but this was vivid.
I put my hands on their head and fucked into their mouth till my dream
orgasm came in fountains of never ending cream.

A loud knock of my bedside table brought me instantly awake and there was
Barry just getting up from the side of my bed.

"Oh, Barry," I said, "It's you, what time is it? Am I late for my work"?

"No, you're alright; I was just er....."  His words trailed off as he
looked at me.

I wondered what he was looking at till I realised I was naked and my cock
was standing full.  But I got a shock when I saw there was some cum oozing
out and then even more shocked when I saw my cock was all wet. The sheet
was on the floor too far away to grab and cover me.  I began to apologise
to Barry.

"Oh, looks like I had a wet dream," I said really embarrassed.

"No, no," Barry said, "It was my fault".

"Sorry?" I said, "I don't understand, how come it was your fault, what are
you talking about?"

"Please don't be angry with me."

"Barry, why on earth would I be angry with you?" I laughed.

"Because of what I just did."

"Barry, you've lost me, I don't know what you are going on about".

"Oh shit, I shouldn't have opened my big mouth," he said, then started
laughing.

"What's the joke?" I asked still completely lost.

"What I just said, opened my mouth, I realised what I had just said."  I
laughed along with him.

"I know it's funny, but I still haven't got the joke yet, are you going to
tell me or what?"

He sat down next to me on the bed.

"Promise you won't get mad," he asked.

"Promise," I said, "Just get on with it."  He cleared his throat

"Well er.....  I came into the cabin and saw you sleeping.  You looked so
peaceful and beautiful; I just sat next to the bed and watched you for a
while".

"Stop pulling my leg will you, calling me beautiful."

"No, be quiet while I tell you or I'll never get this out."

"Okay, okay" I agreed.

"As I watched you, I saw your dick get hard and you moaned a bit.  I
thought you were having me on at first, playing the fool with me, but then
I realised you were dreaming. As I said, you looked so beautiful, your dick
looked beautiful and I just had to touch it.  Well, one thing led to
another and I got really randy so in the end, I decided to have a taste of
your cock."  His voice trailed off and he hung down his head.  "Sorry mate,
I just had to suck you off, please don't be mad at me".

He looked dejected sitting there, waiting for me to help him out of his
misery, which I couldn't keep him in for long.

"Barry, I am not mad at you, I promised didn't I?  Just next time," I said
really seriously, "wake me up first so I can feel what's really going on!"
I laughed at him and he looked up smiling.

"You really mean that?" he asked.

"Well sure," I said not thinking, "I am still a virgin in that respect and
wouldn't mind finding out how it would feel."

"No sooner said than done," he cried and leapt on top of me.

I tried to fight him off, but I was laughing too much at his antics till
suddenly, I felt his mouth close over my cock and his tongue feathered the
end sending it rock hard in a matter of seconds. I soon stopped my laughing
as the shock and the immense pleasure swept through me.  I had no idea such
feelings were possible and now I realised why Charley and Henry were so
full of praise for my work in that area if this was how it felt.  I let him
do what he wanted, my head propped up on the pillow watching him, noting
what feelings came from which area.  He sucked deep on my cock till his
nose was pushing into my groin. He lapped at my balls with his tongue,
making me draw my breath sharply.  He pushed further under, I could feel
the heat from his mouth working behind my balls and I lifted my hips to
help him.  Instinctively I went for my cock to start wanking, but he pushed
me off and I knew I would have to wait till he had finished what he wanted.

He climbed back up and went to sucking my cock again.  I could have
screamed the pleasure was so intense.  I thought I would explode in seconds
but he must have sensed it and let it slip from his lips, moving back to my
balls, taking both in his mouth and tonguing them around inside.  Then he
moved under again and I pulled up my legs to let him have full access.  I
soon realised that although a brand new feeling, it was now one of my
favourite spots.  I felt like jamming his face into there and could have
let him suck and nibble all night.  I took my cock in hand again, no longer
able to resist the temptation.  I moaned, telling him I was going to cum.

"Hold on a moment," he said and jammed his tongue into my ass.

Oh! I just about took off from the bed, my cock erupting violently as he
forced his tongue into my hole, slurping all around and then jabbing it
back in.  My body shook and shook as my juices flew all over my chest with
some even landing on my face.

It was a long time to come down from such a great high.  Barry asked how I
was feeling.

I just shook my head, "Incredible, absolutely incredible," was all I could
muster.

"So you are really not mad at me then," he said with a big grin on his
face.

"Mad? I would be mad to be mad at you after that.  Just do that anytime,
I'll always be ready for some more." I said as a joke.

Well, he took me at my word and from then on, he often grabbed me in the
cabin, either when I had finished showering after work or even waking me up
in the middle of the night.  I was never, ever, mad with Barry.

That was my first real good time, but I had more hard times to go before I
worked things out.  And of course, they centred on Henry and Charley.
After that last occasion when Henry plugged me, nothing much happened with
them for a while.  Soon enough, I let down my guard as they just patted my
bum or grabbed my crotch now and again when they were joking around.

Part 5

One day, a generator had given up the ghost, so with most of the power down
on the ship everyone who could, was helping with getting the unit out and a
spare rigged up in its place.  It was hard work, even when the unit was
split down as much as possible, it was heavy and everything seemed to be in
an awkward spot. It was all shoving, lifting and sweating, but finally,
another unit was up and running and the ship had power again.  One by one,
the helpers drifted off and Henry called it a day. I was cleaning up some
of the equipment we had been using and returning it to the stores.  Charley
and Henry dragged in the block and tackle we had used and pushed it into
the corner where it usually lived.

I was slotting some spanners back onto their racks when Henry patted my bum
and said to me "You did well today lad, I'm right pleased with how you are
coming along".

I said my thanks, but he kept his hand on my bum.

"You know what I could do with after such a day like today?"

"You want me to bring you some coffee?" I asked quite innocently.

"Nay lad, it's not coffee that I have a fancy for right now."

He was squeezing my bum and I shivered even though it was stiflingly hot.
Goosebumps broke out on my skin and I was thinking what was going to come
next. I looked at him waiting for him to say what it was.  He just smirked
at Charley who returned the lewd grin.

"Come over here lad," and he pulled me to a split bale of wiping rags on
the floor.

It was an invitation, but it was not one I could have declined.  He sat on
the rags that had been emptied from the bale and pulled me down after him.
Charley hunched down on the other side.

"Now son, after we have all had a day like today with that bloody
generator, what better pick-me-up than for you to help us both out here."

He flicked open his filthy shorts and shucked them down his equally grimy
legs.  His big paw of a hand cracked me on the back of my head and forced
my face down into his crotch.  At the end of the day, he did not smell so
sweet I can tell you.  We had all been sweating from the morning and with
all the shit and oil you have to handle, he was filthy and smelled it too.

I knew what I had to do, closing my eyes and trying not to breathe through
my nose so I wouldn't catch his acrid aroma. I took his soft cock into my
mouth and worked him as best I could, hoping it would be over in the
shortest possible time.

Soon he was hard and he was humping his hips and pushing my head down
sharply to meet each push.  I could feel him swell even more and thought he
would empty himself at any moment.  Suddenly he grabbed the hair on the
back of my head and pulled me off of it.

"Not so fast son, we got plenty of time.  Now go and give Charley what he's
waiting for."

He pushed me over to Charley on my other side, his cock already out, slowly
wanking.  I looked at him, but he just nodded towards his cock.  I bent
down and took it in my mouth.  He smelled of sweat as well, there wasn't
anything to choose between them on that score. Charley liked to push me
right down on his cock, past where I thought it was possible to take, and
then he would hold me there suffocating for a while before allowing me to
slip out of my mouth and let me take a breath.  Then it was back pushing my
head down as far as I could take it then flicking up his hips to get the
last possible bit jammed into me.  He seemed to get a kick out of making me
suffer.

Henry ripped my shorts off, sending the button pinging across the metal
floor.  With both his hands he just ripped my briefs into two so not to
have to bother getting them down my legs.

"Ee, lad, you got a lovely bum, you can't blame a man for wanting such a
lovely peach as this."

His thumbs went to my hole, I would have screamed had I not been stuck on
Charley.  He worked them into my ass, pushing and prying, spitting on his
fingers and working them up me.  I tried to worm away from him, but a heavy
crack across my back told me I had better keep still.  With his knee, he
opened my legs wide and then I felt his weapon nudging up against me.  He
stabbed a few times, and then returned with his spit slicked fingers,
pushing them right up.  Back came his big cock, this time breaking through
my door.  I tried to force myself off Charlie's cock to scream, but he knew
that and kept my head firmly impaled.

On and on Henry worked till I reckoned he was fully home.  I couldn't
believe such a big cock could fit in my small body, but I was sure it had.
I could feel the hairs of his crotch scratch my cheeks and I felt his big
ball bag slap into me on every lunge.  After the first minute or so, it
wasn't so bad and I got the nice warm feeling begin growing inside.  But
still I wanted him to stop and tears ran freely down my face at the pain
and humiliation of it all.

"Oh lad, you are lovely, really bloody lovely," he repeated over and over.

He bucked faster and faster and I could feel the heat building.  His cock
felt like it continued to grow bigger and bigger till I was sure he could
have picked me up with it.

"Charley, this is grand, the lad has a beautiful bum, we should do this
more often."

Charley answered, "Aye Henry, we got plenty of time for that before we are
back in Liverpool, just don't break him yet".

Henry chimed back "It won't be me that does the breaking, I reckon it'll be
you," and laughed at his own joke.

Still, he ploughed on and on till at last I could feel him tense up and ram
hard up me, filling me with his hot juices.  He fell backwards, his cock
popping out, which caused me to wince.  I hadn't expected it to hurt being
pulled out as well.  Without that big stick up me, I suddenly felt an
uncomfortable empty sensation, which was surprising, almost as if it was
better in than out which I wouldn't have thought possible.

That situation was quickly remedied though, for Charley pulled my head off
his cock, and before I knew what had hit me, he spun me around and was
kneeling behind.  Instantly, I felt like I was splitting into two as he
jammed his monster at my hole.  It was just too big though and I cried at
the pain.  He cuffed me across the head and told me not to be a baby, then
rammed back in, breaking through the door.  I started to yell, not that
anyone could have heard in the din of the engine room, but he wrapped his
hand across my mouth to keep me quiet.  When he thought I had calmed down a
bit, he continued working his cock inside.  It must have been made easier
with Henry's juice and I was thankful for small mercies.  But the pressure
in my guts was overwhelming. On every thrust, it felt as if he was lifting
me off the floor.  But his hands kept me in my place and stopped me flying
across the room.

At last, he rested and announced he was home at last.  I was thinking he
meant it was the end, but he was just catching his breath before he started
fucking me properly.  Henry propped himself up to watch the show and egged
Charley on to demonstrate what fucking with a real cock was like.

"Time enough for that Henry," he said, "but why don't we have this young-un
do a bit more work.  Don't you think if he puts those luscious lips on your
cock, it would make it stand again?"

"Good idea Charley," said Henry, and he shuffled up to kneel in front of
me, pushing his smelly cock to my face and wiping it too and fro.

I could smell his come and my ass on it, making me want to puke.

"Now sonny, how about washing my cock, and if you do a good job, I'll wash
your throat with Chief's special oil"

They both laughed and Charley slapped my ass.  Henry's greasy finger pushed
into my mouth to force it open, followed by his soft cock.  Once in, he
pulled my head tight into his groin and inevitably his cock grew and filled
my mouth.

"Say, Charley, how about showing this young lad how we pass our engineers
exams on this shipping line?"

"Good idea Henry, I think it's time he had his first report don't you?"
They both laughed, and then Henry said, "right Mr Charley, let's go to it."

"Right Chief!"

What followed was sheer hell.  Charlie's enormous cock pounded my ass
endlessly whilst Henry with some new found vigour, fucked into my mouth and
down my throat.  I thought I was going to die before they would let up, but
I didn't.  Instead, I had to put up with what seemed like hours of being
fucked.  Henry washed my mouth like he said, but two or three times, whilst
I heard Charley say he was coming at least twice.

When they had finished, they stood congratulating each other whilst
ignoring me lying naked on the floor.  Eventually, they turned their
attention to me, telling me to get up and put some clothes back on.  But I
couldn't move as my legs had lost all feeling.  I tried to pull myself up
but couldn't.

Henry laughed at my predicament and said, "Looks like we made a bit of a
mess of the lad doesn't it?"

"Oh, he'll live," said Charley, "I think he even enjoyed it.  How about it
lad, did you enjoy it?"

I just shook my head in disbelief.  Charley came over to me and made to
help me up.

Then he stopped and said, "Let's just have a look at him."

He bent down and opened the cheeks of my bum, looking at my hole.

"I think it's a few sizes bigger than yesterday," he laughed.  He pushed
some fingers up and wiggled them around inside.

"Aye, you couldn't have done that yesterday with the lad, that's for sure,"
Henry chortled.

Then Charley held his fingers to my nose, "Just smell that expensive
perfume he mocked, not much of that around in the world today and you lucky
lad, have got a bucket full up there".

They continued laughing.

Charley then said, "You wouldn't mind would you lad, just clean up my
fingers" and pushed them into my mouth.  "That's it, lick them clean lad,
do your job well and we will look after you, won't we Chief?"

"That's right," echoed Henry; we'll look after you, no need to worry.  I
think he deserves tomorrow off don't you Mr Charley?"

"Yes Chief, I think he earned that at least, now let's get him up to his
cabin so he can dream about the good time we just gave him."

With that, they picked me up and put on what was left of my shorts.  Then
dragging me out of the stores, we got up the staircase onto the
accommodation deck and into my cabin, where they dropped me onto the bed.

"Sweet dreams young-un," one of them said as they closed the door.  "Don't
give that cock of yours too much pounding when you think of us tonight."  I
heard them laughing as they walked away down the corridor.

Exhausted, I stayed just as they had left me.  My mind thought of home, my
mother would be telling all the neighbours about her son, being a bit too
showy and saying how he was sailing the world.  Now look at me, here I was
on some old tub at the mercy of a couple of crazy guys.  It felt like being
in a horror movie and not being able to get out.  I hugged the pillow;
tears ran freely down my cheek as I drifted off into sleep.

Part 6

Quite a bit later I felt someone shaking me awake and looked up to see
Norman.

"Hello, what are you doing here?"

"Oh! Love, I just knew something was wrong when you didn't come to mess for
dinner.  Then when I saw Henry and Charley behaving like a couple of
schoolkids, I just knew something was up so I came to see if you were
alright."

"I'm fine," I said, but then just burst into tears.  Norman bent down to
comfort me, holding me in his arms till I quietened down.

"There, there, not to worry, I'm here to take care of you now," he
said. "Have they hurt you?" he asked.

"I don't know, they just brought me here and left me, and then I went to
sleep.  But after it happened I couldn't stand up or walk, my legs wouldn't
carry me.  I sobbed again thinking of the ordeal and Norman held me again
till I calmed.

"Just a mo, I'll get my bag of tricks and fix you up in no time."  In a few
minutes, he was back with his bag containing all kinds of creams, medicines
and god knows what else.

First, he gave me a bed wash.  I was no longer embarrassed when he removed
my shorts, nothing would ever again I reckoned.  But he tenderly cleaned
not only all the filth they had left behind but also the dirt from the
work, till eventually, I was looking clean and human once more.

"Now, let's take a look at what damage they caused," and he motioned for me
to turn over.

He gently parted my legs and opened the cheeks of my ass to inspect.

"Well, nothing broken this time."

But I objected, "There must be, even Charley got his monster dong inside
this time." I cried.

Norman looked again.  "No love, virgins only bleed once and you've had your
turn, you can't go back and start over." He laughed and then asked if they
had both had me.

"Yes, Henry first and then Charley did me."

"Perhaps that was for the best. At least you were opened up a little by
Henry or else you would have been a gonna if Charley had taken you first!
Look on the bright side dear!"

He made me laugh the way he talked and a lot of my misery evaporated.  He
went back into his bag and brought out a tube of ointment.

"Now, let me rub some of this in to make sure there is no infection, just
in case".

I laid my head back on the pillow and let him do his stuff.  He was very
gentle, soothing the cream around my aching asshole, not being squeamish
about working his fingers inside of me.  He soon had me relaxed and I
really appreciated his concern and care. He massaged my bum where they had
bashed me, making it feel really good.  I couldn't imagine the change he
had brought about from just an hour or so before.

"Norman," I said, "You are wasted here, you should be in the massage
business, you are really good."

"Oh, I don't need you to tell me I'm good, I know that already!"  He gave
me a playful slap on my behind.

"No, I mean it Norman, an hour ago I wanted to die, now you have me
laughing again and my body feels one hundred percent better already.
You've really got magic fingers."

"That's what they all say. Oh, Norman" he sang, "Those fingers of yours are
pure magic," he said drawing it out for emphasis.  He made me laugh, but
then I got a smack on the bum for it too.

I was quiet for a bit as he moved down and worked the same magic on my
legs, kneading the muscles, making me tingle and squirm, but in a nice way.
After he worked down to my feet, he started back up again, giving my bum
some extra attention.

"Norman, you are good, I really mean it. I wish you would do this every
day, I could get used to this before I get out of bed and before I go to
sleep."

"You see," he said in triumph, "Here you are begging me, just like they all
do, begging me, every one of em. And you're no different now are you?"

"That's not what I was talking about, I didn't mean in that way."

"Oh didn't you?" he fired back.  Quickly he pushed me onto my side.  "If
you didn't mean it, what this all about?" he said grabbing my cock.  I was
surprised, first at him doing that, then at the fact it was rock hard.  I
hadn't realised I was feeling horny.

"Everybody is horny when they are your age," he said, "So you don't
surprise me in the least.  But it looks like they didn't take care of you
when they were plucking your fruits, did they?"

I thought back, "No, I didn't do anything; they didn't give me the time to
breathe, let alone play with myself."

He toyed with it between his fingers, the ointment had slicked them and his
touch felt cool and so different.  I watched him with interest, how he
worked it up and down.  But a trigger went off somewhere deep inside me and
that familiar feeling started to grow.

"Oh! Norman, you've started something now! You are going to get me into a
mess again if you keep that up."

"Well, aren't I the one to clean up, so just you don't worry your pretty
little head and enjoy Uncle Norman's extra special massage!"

I sank back onto the pillow and lost myself into his touch.  With his
expert fingers working on my dick, his other hand gently stroking between
my legs, I simply floated in the air until far sooner than I wanted, out
pumped my juices across his hands and my stomach.

"Oh Norman, you've done it now," I said, "You wicked cradle snatcher".

He threw up his hands in the air, then crossed them on his chest "Well your
Honour, what was a poor soul going to do with such a temptation in front of
me, I'm innocent your Honour, he made me do it!  Oh, forgive me for I have
sinned."  I cracked out laughing at his antics, loving him for everything.

I was surprised when the next morning I felt fine and no ill affects
whatsoever. I was sure I was going to feel bad, but no, there weren't any
aches or pains except a little when I went to the toilet. But I had been
given the day off and determined to make the most of it.  I found a quiet
spot on the upper deck near the funnel that doesn't go anywhere particular
and sunned myself for a couple of hours till lunch. I was glad of the peace
and quiet to collect my thoughts. But hunger called me to the mess, where
Norman had made me a special dish rather than one of the normal lunch
choices. He also gave me a book to read for my sun session in the
afternoon. I'd had enough of thinking and wanted something to occupy my
time. Back up on top, I resumed my sun worship, and now taking off my
shorts to get the maximum effect as my briefs were just that, so what was
left was almost nothing.

"Oh, here you are, I saw you climbing up top, thought I'd just take five
minutes for a smoke and see how you are. We were talking about you today,
heard you were not so good."

I squinted up not seeing who it was at first because the sun was behind
him.  It was Brian who I had met when I first came on board.  He was a deck
hand and for such a small ship, I didn't see a lot of him.

"How about sitting down here, that sun is blinding me."

He dropped down next to me.

"That's better; I couldn't see who you were.  How you doing, don't see you
around much."

"Oh, not bad, how about you, old Henry not been treating you too well by
the sound of it."

I blushed up scarlet; I didn't know it was common knowledge about what they
were doing with me.

He realised I was embarrassed and said "It's alright; he has all of the
young lads that come on here.  He had me when I first joined but then I
think I was a little bit too old for him and he left me alone after the
first time. Likes em really young does old Henry."

"Really!" I exclaimed, "You as well!"

Brian laughed, "You get used to it when you've been on the boats a while,
it's nothing special really. The same chap got me on here as you; Albert
was his name, right?"

"Yes", I said, "How did you know?"

"Oh Albert, that's what he does, that's how he earns his crust.  He slopes
around the docks looking for the likes of you or me, asks if we are looking
for work and then says he knows where there is a job going.  I reckon he
gets paid by Henry and his type, to feed them young lads."

"Shit, the fucking bastard," I said really annoyed.

"Well that depends on which way you look at it, you did get a job didn't
you? That's what you were looking for, wasn't it? You just got to think of
him as a one-man employment exchange!"

He laughed and I had to smile when I thought about how I'd been hooked.

"If you can get used to Henry, then it's not bad on here, she's an old tub,
but the lads are good, better than on some of the new ships where you are
on the clock and don't stop from morning till night.  But its old Henry
isn't it.  Get used to the old bugger and you've cracked it.  I reckon you
can get used to anything if you try!"

He gave me a wink and nudged the arm I was propped up on so I fell back on
the deck.

I said "No way", but he cut me short, dug me in the ribs and said, "Don't
you lay there and try and tell me there was nothing they did that you
didn't like because you are a liar if you do."

Now he made an issue of it, I didn't feel comfortable saying something that
wasn't true.

"Well, there were some parts but not much."

"Go on," he said expectantly.

"Well, Charley was good at wanking me off and feeling me up."

"And..." he said, wanting more.

"It's hard to say really." I tried to evade the subject.

"But what?" he said, not giving up.

"Well once it was inside me, the feeling wasn't so bad I suppose, funny
when he took it out once it was worse than being inside."

"Yeah, I know just what you mean," said Brian in a knowing way, "I know
exactly what you mean."

I continued, "But it's just they are so rough with me is what really hurts,
that's what I don't like."  I was trying to put my feelings into words but
I don't think they were coming out how I wanted them too.

"Well," said Brian, "that's just Henry and Charley, if it were someone
else, then maybe it wouldn't be so bad would it?"

"No", I replied thinking aloud, "I don't suppose it would be".

"Well, must get back and do something, I'll catch you later," he said
rising up and making to go.

"Oh Mike", I don't see you sleep on deck at night?"

"No, I sleep in my cabin; I didn't know anyone slept on deck".

"You should, it's good when it's hot like this, try it tonight with us,
you'll like it better than sleeping in that sweaty cabin."

"Okay, see you later then," I said and watched him run down the stairs and
back to his work. I picked up my book but realised that my cock was hard
and sticking out of my briefs, I wondered what on earth I could have been
thinking of.

Part 7

After dinner that evening, I took a shower and went looking for Brian.  He
was up on the fo'c'sle with a few more hands playing cards.

"Ah Mike, I'm just finishing, no more money left, let's go and grab a
beer."

We wondered back to the mess, cajoled Norman into giving us a few more
beers than we were due, and climbed up to the back of the bridge, near
where I was sunbathing earlier.

"My favourite place", said Brian, "I come up here every night, looking at
the stars, dreaming my dreams!  Cheers mate!"

He swigged heavily from the can and I did likewise.  Actually, this was my
first time to drink. Not that I didn't like it, just I never had a reason
to.

"Brian, I've been wondering."

"What's that mate?"

"What happened to the engine room hand before I came on?  Albert just said
he didn't show up that day. Henry said something about me being thrown
overboard if I didn't watch it, said it wouldn't be the first time."

Brian guffawed at me.  "Oh no, he didn't go over the side, though they were
plenty here that would have loved to chuck him overboard."

"Why was that?" My interest was up.

"Because," Brian snarled, "He was an evil little fucker, a thief, that's
what he was, stole from just about everybody on the ship, that's why he
didn't come back."

"Why didn't you call the police?" Brian laughed out loud again.

"Come on, sit down while I tell you all about it," he said easing himself
to the deck and propping himself against the railings.

"He was called Martin and had run away from some trouble in Liverpool, or
so he told us.  You wouldn't believe he was old enough to work, looked a
real little angel.  But he had papers that said he was eighteen, so it was
okay.  Course, he didn't work, he was another that Albert sent along and
one look from Henry and they were all but married. Henry couldn't resist
him; he could do as he pleased which most of the time wasn't working. He
had the face of an angel and the body of a fourteen-year-old.  Only stood
at five foot three or so, really looked like a kid.  Just made for Henry he
was.  But Henry didn't have to teach him anything, he knew it all, God
knows from where.  The Chief and Charley had him every day and Martin loved
it.  He could wear them both out!  Can you imagine someone like that taking
Charlie's dick all the way up his ass?" he asked.

"Surely it would kill him?" I said.

"Not a bit of it," Brian continued.  "He took it from those two and when
they were finished he would take anyone else that asked.  I don't know how
he could, but he was there for all to see.  I mean literally too.  He would
egg on Henry to have sex with him any place, whether other hands were
around or not.  Henry couldn't say no to him, so you often came across them
fucking the daylights out of him.  I think the kid was nuts, he liked
people to see him do it.  If you saw him in the engine room being fucked at
three o clock, you would see him at four on the stern with one of the deck
hands.  He was a nymphomaniac if ever there was one.  Could take anything
from anybody."

"So what happened then?" I asked.

"Before he disappeared he cleaned out everyone's room, stole loads of
stuff, and no-one ever saw him, but we knew it was him.  We never had much
trouble with that kind of thing before he came on board and we've had none
since.  But no-one can go to the Police because, by that time, he had been
fucked by just about everyone, so he could point the finger back because we
never found any of our stuff on him or in his room.  Looking so young and
sweet, well you know who the police would take off to the joint first,
don't you?"

"I think Henry misses him," said Brian after a while.  "Maybe that's why he
is being a bit hard on you.  Don't know, but it's a thought."

I did think about it, but nothing much made any sense to me on this boat
anymore.

"How about you Brian, did you have Martin as well?"  I was now curious to
see what Brian was like.

"Well, you've got me there, Mike.  Yes, I had him as well, quite a few
times.  When you see half the ship enjoying themselves you think why not me
and you want a piece, don't you?" admitted Brian.

"Do you like doing it then?" I asked, again curious.

"That's a bloody stupid question isn't it?" he shot back, "Course I liked
it, wouldn't be doing it if I didn't like it, would I?"

"Sorry, don't suppose you would," I said feeling a bit of a fool.

"I told you Henry didn't have to teach him anything, the lad knew it all
and I mean all.  Everyone had him, but he was still tight and he could use
himself on you.  If you didn't feel very energetic, he would fuck himself
on your dick.  He could even wank you off with his ass muscles.  Not
moving, just squeezing his insides as if there were some magic fingers
milking on your cock.  Like it?  I bloody loved it, I can tell you."

"I think I get the picture, no wonder he was popular."

"Trouble is," said Brian, I hate the bastard for stealing my stuff, but I
can't think of him without getting a hard on."  He parted his legs and
laughed, "Just look at that".

His dick made an unmistakable outline down one leg of his shorts even under
the deck lights, which were some way off.

He grabbed it through the material, "This fucker is not going to go down
now, we've been talking too much sex and it's up till I do something with
it. A bit like you was this afternoon," he smirked.

"I didn't know about that, honest, I didn't see it till you'd gone, I've no
idea why it got that way at all," I said defensively.

"It's like that because we'd just been talking sex, always does, always
will," he grinned.  "Don't tell me yours isn't now, Mr Goody Two Shoes,"
and not waiting for an answer, reached and squeezed my crotch to check.

I knew it had filled out a bit, but not hard.

But Brian exaggerated and said, "Fucking right, you are just like the rest
of us, pretending you're Mr Innocent, just look at that hard on you've got
there!"

"No it's not hard," I insisted, but that just seemed to make him go on.

"Not hard my arse, what's that between your legs if it's not hard, Scotch
mist?"

"No it's not, honest," I giggled.

"Right!" he snapped, "Prove it, right now, get it out and fucking prove
it."

This made me laugh more, "No Brian, really, I'm telling you my dick's not
standing."

He wouldn't have it though and persisted. "Come on, prove it, I say it is,
so settle it right now, stop being a wimp and get it out."

I gave in to the challenge. "OK, OK. Here," I said opening my fly and
pulling out my cock.  It wasn't exactly soft, but it definitely wasn't
hard.  Brian grabbed and made a fuss examining, holding it this way and
that but in doing so, I could feel it start to swell.

"Well if you say that's not hard, I'm a China man. You must be pretty big
if you say it gets any larger than that."

"I don't know about bigger, but I said I wasn't hard, that's all".

Brian laughed, "I think you're just trying to split hairs now, I think
you've lost!"  He squeezed his cock again and sighed.  "Shit, I'm going to
have to give my little brother some air, it's pulling all the hairs and
it's killing me."

He undid the waist flap and pulled down the zip, and then he eased them
down his legs just leaving his jockey.  Flipping down the elastic, he
pulled it out and picked away all the hair that had been tearing at the
skin.

"That's better, much better".  Having sorted himself out, he waved it a bit
for me to see, and then stroked lazily.

I hadn't touched myself, but even without looking I knew it had filled up a
bit more, first with the talk, then with Brian touching and now after
seeing his hard dick, it seemed to have a mind of its own. In a moment or
two, Brian looked and spied my cock, now starting to stand upright.  He
leant across and grabbed.

"Just take it easy Mike, life is for enjoying, so stop being so nervous."

"I'm not nervous, and I'm enjoying, it's good talking with you."

He laughed. "Sometimes Mike, you sound so thick!"  He leant further across
and put his head down on my lap and closed his mouth over my dick.

I drew my breath sharply at the sensation.

"You okay?" he asked coming off it momentarily.  "Fine," I said, "it feels
just fine."

I closed my eyes and leant back to the railing.  He sucked me gently giving
me exquisite feelings for some minutes.

He snapped me out of it by saying "Hey mate, are we on a one-way street or
what?"

"Eh?" I answered.

"Don't let me do all the bloody work, how about giving me some too?"

"Oh, sorry," I murmured, and we shuffled around till we were facing
opposite ends, sixty-nine style.  I hesitated, but he gently reached down
and pulled my head to his cock.

"Just let's take it easy, enjoy each other."  He returned my cock to his
mouth and I took his in mine.

The experience of sucking and being sucked at the same time.  Oh, I liked
it!  If only Henry and Charley had been like this.  I played with my tongue
across the head, down the sides, and then I swallowed him all down my
throat.  I was enjoying playing around; doing anything that came into my
head.  Trying to make it feel good for him as he was for me.  I licked his
balls and tongued behind them, just like Barry had done.  I liked doing it
too, knowing just how good he would be feeling.

He was no less active, returning every move back.  As I began to feel my
juices start to boil, I could feel his cock stiffen even more, a mirror
image of myself.  It grew hotter in my mouth and I could taste the change
as he started leaking pre-cum.  I sucked harder and harder knowing at any
moment he would fill me with his jizz.  My own cock was aching, I didn't
want to come before him but as the seconds ticked on my resistance faded
and I started to buck into his mouth.  I was dying for him to come, but my
needs seemed to come first and I started to shoot.  No sooner had I fired
my first shot, my mouth filled with his juice as he emptied himself in me.
I liked it, not sour like the Chiefs and Charley, but almost sweet.  I
sucked hungrily, my mind exploding as each pulse of his cock brought
another jet of my own spilling out.  Sucking him dry, I let it slip from my
lips and he did the same.

"Fucking awesome man, fucking awesome!" was all Brian said.

"Yeah right," I said, "that's just what it was, fucking awesome."

We didn't move, staying in the same position for quite some time.  I sucked
his dick some more, wanting to feel it out of curiosity as it went soft, I
liked the contrast with the piece of steel minutes before to the soft
rubbery toy it had become now.

When we did stir, it was to go to the stores and get some thin foam
mattresses.  We went back up to the same place and put them down side by
side.  With just a thin sheet as a cover, we cuddled up close looking at
the brilliant stars; chatting about this and that till we drifted off to
sleep.

Part 8

I awoke early the next morning, unaccustomed to being outside.  A soft
breeze flowed over us and the sun was just turning the sky over what would
have been Africa, a fire of oranges and reds as it chased the night away. I
slipped back into a doze and began to go over the events of last night.

Brian was still fast asleep behind me, his face nuzzled into the back of my
neck.  I could feel his warm breath and the prickles of his chin stubble in
the nape.  He was spooned up tight behind and I could feel his full prick
between my legs much hotter than the rest of him.  His arm was wrapped
around hugging me.  I reached my hand behind, reinforcing the bond and
pushed back tight, luxuriating in his closeness.  For the very first time,
I felt an inner peace.  I wanted to stay like this forever.

And thinking of last night, how much I enjoyed what we did and how I liked
Brian's company.  Although he spoke a bit rough, he gave me the feeling he
was sincere and honest and he didn't show off when he talked like some do.
Somehow I felt safe with him. Funny how it was so good with Brian when it
was so bad with Henry and Charley.  Why was that I wondered, we were doing
the same thing.  I hoped he wanted to do it again, try that sixty-nine
position, it was so good!

My cock got hard from running this through my mind.  It started to ache but
I didn't want to disturb Brian and tried to keep still, keep this closeness
going for as long as possible.  But I fidgeted and squirmed, pushing tight
against him at every nice thought.  He stirred a little and hugged me; I
felt his cock twitch between my legs and my dick ached more and more.  I
guess it's always hard in the morning but now it was extra stiff and I
needed to do something to give it relief.

As I became more and more awake, I found myself shifting position ever so
slightly, trying to get the maximum contact with Brian, even hooking my
feet under his.  I was disturbing him I know but I couldn't help it, the
need to touch him was greater than the wish to let him sleep on.  Every
time I broke into his slumber he gave me a squeeze with his arm and pushed
his hips forward.  I couldn't help responding and moved my ass back to
counter his movement.  I was squirming against him, both trying not to but
also wanting somehow to merge my body into his.

He breathed deeply and he gave me an extra big squeeze.  His stubble chin
scratched my shoulders from side to side a few times and then he bit into
the flesh, gently, not really hard.

On letting go, he whispered "Morning Mike".

I didn't reply except to push my body against his and put my own arm behind
me onto his ass and pulled him into me tight.

"Mmmmmm!" he growled and bit my shoulders.

It only made me squirm all the more and spoon back tightly.  I could feel
his dick burning hot and rock hard through his briefs and I couldn't help
remember it was that same dick I now found so exciting to suck.

Nibbling my ear and neck, rubbing his nose up the nape of my neck gave me
the sense of floating.  His arm moved up my chest, cupping my chin with his
hand and turning my head around to the side.  Without moving too much, he
lifted himself slightly and leant to kiss my lips. Lightly kissing me a few
times, I got a strange feeling not having kissed a man before, it kind of
knocked the wind out of my sails.  But he appeared to enjoy and kissed me
longer, then tried to work his tongue into my mouth.  I let him but was
unsure of how to respond till quite suddenly, a wave of passion swept
through my body and I began a duel of tongues.  Oh, how good it felt, his
face touching mine, one moment his lips feathering mine, the next his
tongue thrusting into my mouth trying to devour me.

Pulling away from me he said just "I want you."

I knew what he meant and I too wanted him to take me.

"I do too, just do it, do it now!"

Lifting so he could pull down my briefs, he used spit for his cock and my
ass.  Out of the confines of his, he pressed up tight behind and his cock
moved straight in between my cheeks.  Bringing it to the mark, he pushed
forward to force the entry.  Suddenly I froze against my own will, but I
couldn't help it.

"It's okay, it's okay," he whispered. "This is Brian and I am never going
to hurt you."

He didn't push any further but just kept some weight behind it.  He then
lifted his upper torso again so that he could lean around and return to
kissing.

With his tongue playing with mine, sucking my mouth and lips and me trying
to outdo him, I quickly relaxed once more.

We continued with this mouth tussle till he quietly said, "There, I'm
home!"

I was a little surprised for I had not felt him enter me; he used the mouth
fight as a cover to ever so slowly push his dick inside.  Now I could feel
the heat.  I pushed back and he matched me by sliding forward until the
entire length was inside and his groin was rubbing my bum.

"Do it Brian, I want you to do it now," I whispered.

"My pleasure," he grinned and started a very slow rhythm.  There was no
pain at all, which was something I at first couldn't get over.  I thought
it must come at any moment, but all I was receiving was wonderful
sensations.  I pushed harder to meet him, and all too soon the slow rhythm
became more vigorous with each stroke.

His arms held me tight to take his thrusts and I did my best to push hard
back, wanting him to reach inside as far as possible.

"Oh, shit, I'm coming already," he said. "Hold tight, I'm gonna cum".

He rattled his hips into my ass, gripping me with his arms ever tighter
till he gave a cry of ecstasy and exploded.  I could feel everything, his
cock growing ever bigger in the last moments, the hot juice pumping into
me, and I thought again of the same cock pouring it into my mouth last
night.  Oh, I nearly came myself even though I had not yet put a finger on
it.

"Brian, that was fantastic, but I want it to go on all day".  I complained.

"Well, I would if it were possible, but just don't take it out yet, I want
to keep inside you".

He continued to push his hips into me and I squeezed my ass muscles try to
milk him dry.

"Oh that feels good," he said, "Where did you learn that?"

"I was trying to do what you said Martin did so well, and it feels good for
me too"

"Well you are doing a great job; I'm not going to go soft as long as you
keep doing that."

"Does that mean you are up for another one?"  I asked.

"I am if you are."

"Yeah, do me again, I loved that, it was fantastic, it really was!"  He
kissed me some more and I could feel his cock harden as his tongue jostled
mine.

"Let's change position, I want to do it another way."

"Just show me how you want," I said.

"But I don't want to slip out so move slowly," he commanded.  He drew my
upper leg to my chest, then propped himself up.  Kind of lifting me a
little by the leg, he was able to duck underneath and with twisting around,
bring himself face to face.  His cock hadn't left my ass!  I was most
impressed and told him so.  He laughed and brought his face full to mine
and planted kisses all over.  I really loved every moment, could not get
enough of him.

"Milk my cock again," he asked and I did too, trying to see if I could nip
it off.

"That feels fantastic; you are going to get me coming again without doing
anything else if you are not careful".

"Well, I definitely need the something else," I teased.

"Right, you got it," and with a hand under each thigh, pulled my legs back
up to my chest.

"Keep them there," he said, mock-sternly.  He then propped himself off of
my body so our point of contact was only at his hips and my exposed ass.

"Did anyone ever tell you what a beautiful ass you got?"

I felt a bit embarrassed being in this position, but at the same time, it
was thrilling to be doing these moves.

"Now, let's see if the second time can last a bit longer than the first,"
he said.

"It better, or else I'm back to Henry."

"Oh! A contest!" he cried and commenced fucking me again first slowly and
then building speed till the sweat was dripping from his face onto my
chest.  The feeling was completely different from doing it spoon fashion,
and I was loving the learning.  His cock felt like it went in deeper,
touching something that was making my mind reel.

I couldn't resist grabbing my own cock to wank, I desperately wanted to
come, and fast.  Every time I focused on Brian's face and watched his
concentration, his body quiver and muscles ripple, I almost shot off.

"No, please don't, I want to deal with it, just I want you to think about
what I am doing, picture everything that is happening as I fill your
beautiful, tight, hot piece of ass with one big bucketful of my hot cum."

He hardly got out the last word before slamming into me, and cried out "I'm
coming."  For the second time, I felt his cock erupt like a volcano,
pumping all that tasty cream into my ass.

He fell back onto my chest panting, trying to catch his breath.  I held him
tight, running my hands up and down his wet back, kneading his shoulders
till we both calmed down.  Get his wits back, he lifted himself back up and
kissed me for a long time.

"Mike, that was beautiful, really it was," he said staring straight into my
eyes.  "But now it's my turn to let you enjoy something," and gave me a
wink.  He moved back down my body and devoured my cock, now deflated with
the short rest.  Hungrily slurping up and down my shaft, tonguing my balls,
it seemed only moment before I was back to the boil and my pump started
pushing up the cream from way down in my balls.

I thought this is what he was going to do for me, give me a good blowjob
but I was in for a nice surprise.  Sensing that I might easily blow my wad
if he carried on, Brian suddenly came off my dick, gave me another wink and
then lowered himself down onto my cock.  I felt it on his ass button and
that almost made me come, but I held on trying to think of something
mundane so as not to spoil it too soon.  Slowly easing himself down, he
rotated his hips trying to help it inside.

"Did anyone ever tell you that you had a fucking big cock?" he laughed.  "I
want to do this, but it's taking some getting in."

"I thought you were a man of experience?"

"I got plenty of experience, but not with one quite this big," he snapped
back.  "Besides, when it comes to this, I am almost a virgin I'll have you
know, just my initiation with Henry and Co. when I first came here, and
that was the first and the last time."

"So I'm honoured," I smirked.

"You bet sweetheart," finally sitting full down.  "Fuck! I want it, but it
takes some doing I can tell you," he said grinning.

 Slowly, he prised himself up and then eased back down.  Each move had his
breath hissing through his teeth as his body fought to adjust itself.

When he was sure he was okay, he said: "Right, let's have you, give me
something back will you?"

I brought my knees up behind so I could thrust better.  Slowly at first,
but then picking up speed as my cock started to rule my head and my desire
to come off put aside any thought of taking it easy with him.  I thought to
myself once in the driving seat, I'm no better than Henry and I grinned
inwardly.

This was my first time, and I can't possibly put to paper what it felt
like.  I had no idea the bombardment of fantastic feelings, how much it
felt just right and how much I wanted it never ever to stop.  To think that
I hated it so much with those two guys, then enjoyed it so much from Brian,
and now I was getting a taste of just what it was all about.  My viewpoint
was standing itself on its head these last twenty-four hours like I could
never have imagined.

Sorry to say, my first effort at fucking was miserable when measured by
stamina.  Within a minute or two, my juices were unstoppable.  I thrust
hard upward trying to dismount Brian and he likewise was trying to spear
himself on me.  I cried out as my climax came, emptying myself within him,
my mind doing summersaults and my vision blurring like some kaleidoscope.

He slumped forward onto my chest, each of us speechless.  We lay there
still for some time, our breath slowly returning to normal.  I ran my hands
up and down his back, watching the morning sun edging over the horizon to
start the new day.  With some effort, Brian sat back up and then very
gently rolled off onto his back next to me.  His knees were still bent and
he said they had cramped into that position.  I knew that feeling from
before, so I helped him by gently massaging his leg muscles till he could
straighten out again.

Part 9

Back in my cabin, we showered and changed, then lay on the bed not saying
very much, just holding each other.

Brian said quietly "Mike, do you want to be like, er, my special mate kind
of thing?"

"What do you mean exactly, we are mates aren't we?" I asked.

"I was being honest up on deck," he said, "I've not done that before
really, but I would like to do it with you if we were, kind of special
together, you know?"

"I think I do, you mean like we don't do that with anyone else?"

"Yes, it's hard for me to say, but I think you know I like you a lot, I
would put myself out for you, especially if I knew you were only for me."

"I want that too, but what about Henry, he is not going to let me off just
because we are together," thinking it would shoot down his idea.

"Yeah, well, apart from Henry, I know you can't help that, nobody can.  But
by next trip, there will be a new lad in there for him and he will have
forgotten you so I can accept that no problem.  Anyway, you might need
someone to take care of you when he has his way, and I will be here for
you."

I leant over and kissed him.  He wasn't so good at words, well it is
difficult for a guy to tell another how he feels, and maybe I couldn't have
done any better.

"There is one more thing," I said a bit nervously.

"What's that?"

"Well the other day after that bad do with Henry, Barry kind of well, he
lost control of himself in here when I was sleeping and gave me a blowjob.
I was sleeping at the time and didn't know anything about it, but he told
me when I woke up and then did it again, just to show me what it was about.
He's done it a few times since as well," I admitted a bit sheepish.

Brian thought for a while then said, "Well it's not like he has been doing
what we just did is it, I mean, we all have done something for relief or we
would go mad, and Barry's a good guy, I always liked him, so that's okay by
me."

I was relieved, I didn't want our friendship to go sour before it had
begun, but I didn't want to keep anything from him either.

"Just," Brian said, and then stopped for a moment, "Just make sure next
time, I'm there as well.  I could just fancy seeing you being sucked off by
Barry".  He laughed and then gave me a playful punch.  I returned it a bit
harder and before I knew it, we were scrapping around the room wrestling,
turning it into a real mess.

Things certainly started to improve for me now, I had a friend and I had a
hobby, well that is making light of it, but I did have an interest and that
was sex, of course.  Having discovered how good it could be, I took every
opportunity with Brian to experiment and try every possible position we
could think off.  Brian was very good at that, he usually had the ideas
being that bit more experienced than I.  Some of the more memorable were in
positions where it was really difficult to hold, like a leg on the table
and the other on the floor.  The kind of thing where you get a cramp or
whatever, but it only heightened the fun and the feelings.

Eventually, we arrived in Cape Town and unloaded the stuff that had been
the main part of our cargo.  The ship spent a few days there while the
agents looked around for a new cargo.  As nothing was forthcoming straight
away, it was almost a holiday for the crew.  We went ashore most days and
at nights too, but I really didn't care for that too much.  Unless we went
a long way from the docks, the kind of bars within easy distance were a bit
crappy and rough to say the least, and I was never at ease in them.

I didn't see much of Henry either while we were in port, perhaps he had
some people to call on or at least, keep him happy.  My hours on duty were
quite short, just helping out with a bit of maintenance and stuff held over
that couldn't be done when the ship was in voyage.

One afternoon, Brian and I were at it in my cabin.  I had taken a break
after lunch for a few hours and we were on the bed, me kneeling and Brian
behind me giving my ass what for!  Suddenly the cabin door opened and in
walks Barry.  He was occupied with something and didn't notice us on the
bed. Searching around in the drawer of his dresser, only when he found what
he was looking for did he turn around and see us, connected and naked on
the bed.

"Oh! I am sorry," he said, "I didn't realise anyone was in!".

We laughed at the situation, being caught right in the middle and soon
Barry saw the funny side too.

"Brian is in," I said, giggling like mad.

"But I didn't knock either," said Brian, still trying to apologise, and
that started us sniggering even more.

After we calmed down a bit, changing the subject Brian asked him what he
was up to, didn't he have any free time?  Barry said he wasn't working and
was about to take a ride into the city and have a look around for the
afternoon. Well if he wasn't busy, said Brian, he could spend some time
with us if he fancied.  We could both see his eyes almost popping out of
his head as he stared at us, hardly taking his eyes off the point where we
were connected.  I was a bit surprised at Brian; I didn't think he would be
so direct.  But I didn't really mind, as I said before, Barry had made me
happy on quite a few occasions.

"Oh yes!" he said, a grin spreading across his face. "What had you in mind
exactly," he asked us both.

But it was Brian that did the answering.  "How about making a sandwich of
Mike, he tells me you can do wonders on his cock!"

I was a bit put out at that, like I had betrayed a confidence, but Barry
didn't seem to mind in the least.

"Anything to oblige, it would be my pleasure".

I had gone soft with the chatter and joking, so Barry held my dick, feeling
and squeezing till that funny sensation deep inside started to glow and it
began to harden.  Brian was still in me, but I knew he was also soft, so I
worked my ass, squeezing till I felt him start to piston slowly back and
forth.  Once he saw I was standing, Barry got himself down under to take me
in his mouth.  He was still fully dressed, so with one hand, I reached and
undid his belt and pants, pushing them down his hips.  Wriggling to help,
they were soon around his ankles revealing a short but fat cut cock.  It
looked good, smooth and unwrinkled.  I pulled up his shirt wanting him to
take it off, so he took time out to kick off his pants and remove
everything.  A nice trim body he had, slightly hairy chest, he kept a tan
going which was set off with his jet black hair.

Back under and my cock started receiving his treatment as Brian worked in
my ass.  This was good, getting it at both ends, great idea!  I wanked
Barry's cock a while and it felt good to the touch like it was a piece of
steel in a wrapping of velvet.  He didn't ask me to but at some point, I
really needed to take his cock in my mouth and give him back something of
what he was doing for me.  Close up he smelled fresh and clean, almost
delicious.  I think it turned Brian on to see me do it because I could feel
him speed up his rhythm when I started.  Barry braced with the tension and
I had my juices rising too, what a great combination!

"Go on Mike, suck him hard", said Brian as he started slamming into me. I
didn't answer but took all of him and I was not about to let him out to
start talking.  I could feel Barry let go of my dick, but quickly he slid
slightly more underneath and I could feel his tongue on my balls which was
equally just as good.

Brian began groaning and I knew he would soon finish.  I squeezed my ass as
tight as I could and made him groan louder.

"Oh! Baby, Shit! I'm coming, oh, yeah, now, I'm coming!"  His dick pulsed
inside of me, I could distinctly feel every twitch and then that flood of
his hot juice filling me up. Wow! it was so good.  I loved him coming in
me, at either end.

Brian groaned and fell back exhausted.  My cock was bursting thinking of
him in me and I felt just seconds away from my own explosion.  Barry moved
again further under, and to my surprise, his mouth clamped around my
asshole.

He sucked hungrily, pushing his tongue inside, the feeling sent me flying
over the edge and my cock instantly erupted over his chest.  As soon as his
mouth began slurping my ass, his cock began twitching and he too reached
climax and fired off into my mouth.  And what a lot, he didn't stop for
what seemed like an age, I think he must have been saving it up or
something like this hadn't happened for a long time.

When he was finished I rolled over onto my back, my knees giving me the
signal I had overdone the exertion again.  As each of us came too, we all
agreed that was a tremendous piece of action and I for one hoped it would
continue.  I didn't say anything but just the idea of three people instead
of two; it doubled the fun straight away.

Barry grabbed some beers from his private store and we drank them, talking
about this and that, laying over each other on the bed.  After our second
bottle, Barry was telling us how good he thought we were together, how we
looked a great couple.

That made us both blush a bit, and he went on, "But you do really, Mike
with his blond hair, Brian with his brown, Mike with his slim body and
Brian with his stocky build, you are a great compliment to each other in
every way.  In fact, I don't mind admitting, I'm jealous of you, I wish I
was included, you have a good thing going."

Brian looked at me and I just gave a shrug, wondering what he was thinking.

Then he said, "I reckon Mike and me enjoy your company too Barry, I don't
think we would mind you being with us for some fun, would we Mike?"

Again I was caught by surprise, but I had to agree, "No, sounds like a good
idea to me, no problem."

We looked to Barry, but then we looked at his dick, now standing straight.
There was no doubt what he was thinking about.  Brian laughed and grabbed
it.

"My, you are a fast worker Barry, how you do it?"

"I've not seen any action for God knows how long, I got a lot saved up."

I glanced at Brian and saw the tone of the conversation had lit his fire
again and that in turn started me off.  Brian reached for Barry again, this
time not as a joke but to feel his cock, take the heft.  I watched them as
they took each other in.  Barry leant over me and took Brian in his mouth,
finalising his cock into a solid column.  To balance it up, Brian did the
same for him, sucking on his fat cock.  I was out of it but not for long.

Barry let the cock slip out of his mouth saying "I would love to do you
Mike, would you mind?"

I looked at Brian for direction, as this would be something different to
what we talked about before.

He glanced back and gave a shrug, then said, "Yeah, why not if Mike is up
to it".

They both looked at me for an answer and I just grinned, which was all they
needed.  Barry, quick as a flash moved around the bed, pushing my knees
back up to my chest.  He buried his head in my groin, taking first my cock
till it was fully hard, and then licking around my balls and that electric
spot just behind them.  He didn't dally long before his mouth was on my
asshole, slurping around and tonguing inside me.  Oh, I couldn't refuse
anything after that!

Having made me fully wet and slippery, he got up on his knees and half
lifted me so that my ass aligned with his cock.  He slid it home, the
fatness making me feel the difference to Brian's.  Fastening my legs on his
shoulders, he commenced giving me a good run.  He was different, pushing to
the left and then right, not just going straight in and out.  I had no idea
sex could be so different from one to another, almost like doing it for the
first time again.

Brian watched and wanked his cock a while.  Then he climbed behind me and
sat over my head, feeding his cock into my mouth.  Another new experience
which I loved. Being filled from both ends, I was fired up instantly till
my cock was throbbing and twitching against my stomach.  Barry was plugging
me hard but he still found the time to lick my nipples, trying to ensure I
was taken along at his pace.  He fucked hard, much more so than Brian,
slamming into me with rapid strokes like the rattle of a machine gun.  He
built till it felt like a blur and then erupted inside, filling me right up
till I could feel it running out of my ass.  Not till he had finished did
Brian pick up his own rhythm to see himself off.  I sucked him hard but
also tickling the end of his dick which I knew he liked.  Barry moved out
of me and let down my legs.  Taking care of my needs now, he returned his
mouth to my cock and balls, even back to my ass which must have by now been
full of his and Brian's mixed up juices.  I knew he loved doing it and I
did too.  As soon as Brian let go in me, it triggered my own climax which
had Barry quickly taking my cock in his mouth to drink all he could.

After this, I was shattered both mentally and physically.  I might be
young, but I am no superman and going at sex like that wipes me out.  I
didn't go back to work, taking instead a long cool shower and then curling
up in bed with Brian for a few hours of much-needed sleep.

Part 10

We spent ten days at Cape Town and that meant having ten days of fantastic
sex.  After that we made ready, having secured a cargo to San Paulo in
Brazil, loading it over two days, and then sailed out onto the South
Atlantic.  Work fell back into the previous routine, cleaning; helping with
maintenance around both inside the engine room and anywhere else it was
needed.  When the weather was good, anywhere on the top side was a great
place to be and that's when I enjoyed work the most.  Of course, Henry and
Charley were back on the scene but with a thousand and one things to sort
out at the start of this voyage, they were far too occupied to take any
notice of me.  It also meant that Brian and I could usually only get
together in the evening, but that was no bad thing or else I would have
been worn out before long!

I now enjoyed the side of me discovered by Brian.  No going back, it was
everything I needed. The beginnings of it were with Henry, but they
brutalised me in a way that would never allow me to like anything they did.
Sure I was doing the same stuff with Brian but in a completely different
way.  There was no taking with Brian, but all about sharing between us, and
that was like chalk and cheese compared with Henry. But for the remainder
of the voyage, I had to take it from Henry whenever the situation arose.  I
always tried to be out of his immediate vicinity during working time, but
it was not always possible.

At regular intervals, opportunities presented themselves where I was
subject to their sexual desires much in the same way I have already said.
The only change for me now, was that I could shut off my mind and pretend
to myself that I was enjoying, as I would if it was with Brian and Barry.
That made it a bit easier to get through and my supposed acquiescence
perhaps got it over a bit quicker. Now, however, I had Brian to fall back
on afterwards and that helped me a great deal, in fact having that special
bond got me through it all and is probably the main factor in my remaining
working on ships.

Probably the worst encounter I had was after San Paulo.  One of the derrick
cranes had broken whilst loading cargo there, and for the next week, Henry
and all the engine room hands were busy stripping the gearbox and motors,
finding out the problem and then patching something together that would
work ready for the next port call.  It put Henry in a foul mood for days
because there were no proper spares for the job and they had to cannibalise
and machine bits and pieces that they needed. There was a sigh of relief
when it was all back together and working.

I found the celebration party in the middle of the afternoon. Charley and
Henry were drinking at his bit of a desk just off from the engine room.
Seeing me walk by, they called me over and it was soon plain both of them
were a little drunk.

"C'mon lad," shouted Henry, "come and have a wee drink with your mates."

"Thanks," I said, "but I have to take this drill bit straight back up to
Albert, he's waiting for it".

"Oh, pugh to Albert," said Charley, "I know what he's doing and the job can
wait till you have a drink with us."

Henry moved a chair for me and beckoned me to come over.  I couldn't refuse
and went to sit down with them.

Charley gave me a tumbler of whisky saying, "Down the hatch for fixing that
bloody derrick".

Henry raised his glass and I followed suit.  I didn't like whisky at all,
beer was my drink but I was obliged to knock it back as they were doing.

One glass was followed by another and then another till I could feel my
head sway.  As always, Charley had a story to tell and it had sex in it.
Something he had got up to in Cape Town by the sound of it.  Henry thought
it hilarious, but I couldn't see what he saw that was so funny.

Then out of the blue, Charley changed the subject and said: "I hear you got
yourself a buddy now, a nice bum buddy to keep you warm at night."

I could have melted into the deck with embarrassment; the thought of him
knowing about me was awful.

"Is that so," said Henry in amazement, "well I never, our young lad having
himself a bum buddy right here on this old ship.  Well, well, well!  And
who might it be?" he asked straight out.

I didn't have to answer, for Charley piped in "Oh, it's Brian, the horny
little bugger. You got to hand it to him though; he got himself a right
pretty boy with Mike."

Henry looked on, trying to rack his brains thinking who Brian was.  He
exclaimed "Brian! You mean that horny little fucker that was screwing my
engine room hand a'for Mike here?"

"The very one," said Charley pleased with himself. "Aye, he didn't leave
that kid alone did he, always in his pants every time you saw him, that
Brian."

I knew they were trying to get me going talking about Brian in this way,
but I didn't bite, just sat there quiet and saying nothing.

They poured themselves another round of whisky which I avoided this time.
Not saying anything, it made me nervous wondering what was going to come
next.

"My, my, my," said Henry almost to himself, "just fancy, Brian having
another one of my engine room lads.  Well, well, well, it won't do, no this
won't do at all."

He looked up at Charley.  Saying, as if I wasn't there, "and what do you
think they are getting up to together Mr Charley?"

"Well, I don't know to be sure," he said, "but we did know what he was up
to with the lad before don't we, used to give him a right going over."

Henry turned to me, "Now lad, what is it you get up to with Brian in your
cabin, we really are all ears waiting for you to tell us."

I said defensively, "He's just my mate that's all, everybody's got a mate
and he's mine. That's it."

Both of them laughed out as if I had told a really funny joke.  As it died
away, Henry grabbed my arm and pulled me towards him.  Once out of my chair
his other hand grabbed my bum and he squeezed it painfully.

"Have you been letting Brian visit you up there lad?" he said with a
malicious grin on his face.

His tone had a sharp edge that scared me; the humour had gone completely
from his voice now.

"No, I told you, he's just my mate" I answered desperately.

"Oh, just your mate," he said as if finding the answer to be a problem.

Quick as a flash, he yanked my shorts down, ripping the seams and breaking
the button and zip. I tried to resist him but his hold on me was
unbreakable.  My briefs followed leaving me standing fully naked between
them.

"Now Mr Charley, let's examine Mike and see if his mate has been just a
friend or a really good friend."

"Good idea Chief," chimed Charley and stood up somewhat unsteadily and
grabbed my arms, pulling me forward whilst Henry anchored my hips so I was
bent over and exposed to their view.

I heard him spit and then felt some wet fingers invade my rear, pushing and
turning, making my hole widen out.

"Oh yes," exclaimed Henry, "I'd say the lad has had plenty of meat stuffed
in here, look at the size of it Charley, a real pussy this boy has got
now."

Charley agreed with him and said, "Not often we get pussy on board this
ship Chief, better take advantage whilst we can don't you think?"

"I do too Mr Charley, would be a pity to waste such a wonderful opportunity
wouldn't it lad."

"No, Chief, please don't do this," but I was wasting my breath.

His fingers were quickly replaced with his cock which he roughly jammed in.
Holding on to my hips, he fucked me roughly pushing fully home within just
a couple of jabs and wracking me with pain.  Charley let go of my arms and
pulled out his cock, feeding it straight to my mouth.  Their initial lust
sated, they found time to start bantering again, humiliating me with their
jokes.

"My lad, I must say this is good, letting your mates use your tight pussy
like this, why you are generous."

Charley continued, "Yes, been putting it around the ship so it must be
alright for his two best mates to have some of it".

They were both drunk and that meant they were not rising to the boil very
quickly.  They fucked me, one giving it me at both ends.  They didn't come,
just stopping each time and swapping when they were near so that it went on
and on.  Then I heard my name being called.

"Mike, Mike, where the fuck have you got to. Mike!"

It was Albert and I knew he would be looking for me and the drill bit I was
supposed to take him.

Henry answered him, "He's over here Albert".

I heard his boots on the decking till they were almost on us.

"Where the fuck have you gone to can't trust you with a simple fucking
job", he said angrily.

"Here Albert, here is Mike taking his time enjoying himself, spreading his
favours around."  Albert came round the corner and stopped at the scene in
front of him.

"Oh, that's what you are doing, forgetting about me up top.  Standing
around like a spare dick whilst you're having your fanny tickled down
here."

Albert had a sharp tongue and he wasn't my favourite person to work with,
he always seemed to be angry with everybody.

Charley said, "You can say that again Albert, young Mike likes his fanny
tickled and we are just the ones to do it aren't we Chief."

He demonstrated by holding my head firmly and bucking his cock sharply into
my mouth showing off to Albert.

Henry then said, "Albert, take the weight off your feet and come and relax
here, I'm sure Mike won't say no to another one joining the party.  Pour
yourself a whisky!"

"Well, if you don't mind, it does look like more fun than fixing the deck
lights."

That made three of them taking turns at me.  Soon fed up with standing,
they put me on the floor on my back and took me like that. Now I had two
cocks in my face to one in my ass.  I was out of it, switching off
completely. I did whatever they told me just to get through. Albert, not
having been drinking was the first to come.  Having sucked him first,
Charley made way for him so that his fat cock plugged my ass and he shot
off in no time.  But if I thought it was one out of the way, I was mistaken
because it just came to my mouth and I had to continue sucking him and
Charley whilst Henry moved back into the seat.  Soon enough he was up again
and face fucked me roughly till gasping with another climax, he pulled it
out of my mouth at the last moment and shot his juices all over my face.

Seeing Albert come turned them on a bit, soon making first Henry and lastly
Charley come too, the first in my ass and the other in my mouth.  But after
they had finished and were laughing and telling each other how good they
were, they didn't let me go. Even when they had resumed their clothes, I
was kept naked while they commented and joked about my dick, had me bend
over and finger my asshole and generally humiliate me in whatever way they
fancied.

But once the bottle of whisky was empty, they became bored and finally with
a slap on my bum, I was told to bugger off and get back to my mate.  Brian
was already in my cabin waiting for me.

"You been doing overtime?" he said as I shuffled into the room.

"No," was all I said and went to the bathroom where I sat on the toilet.  I
couldn't face Brian or anyone for a while and thinking of what had happened
soon had me to sobbing and crying.

Brian banged on the door, "You alright Mike, you sick or what?"

I started to say something but my sobs broke up the words. Realising
something was wrong, he came in.  Straight away he knew what must have
happened and did all he could to comfort and clean me up.  Finally putting
me to bed and going to fetch Norman so he could take a look.

Norman put some ointment in my ass, but amazingly nothing was torn that he
could see.  He told Brian the only thing I needed was someone to hug and a
shoulder to cry on.  Then he left telling him to take care of me, which he
did.  Joining me in bed, we didn't talk but just held each other drifting
off into sleep. The next morning I told him most of what had happened, but
not about what had been said concerning him.  I'm sure if he knew; he would
have gone after them with a crowbar and done some serious damage, if not
murder.  I could live with it and I didn't feel I had to burden Brian with
more than he had.

Our journey home was a slow one, from Brazil up to Galveston in Texas, then
on to Baltimore, after that it was Halifax and then across the cold North
Atlantic to our home port of Liverpool.  I have many more journals with my
adventures of the rest of the voyage.  If you would like, I would be glad
to tell them.

The End

Your comments are welcome. John -- bokjay123@hotmail.com