Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 20 Jun 2010 21:46:28 -0500
From: dick andy
Subject: Jogging Along the River - Security Session

The following is original and for adults only and the subject of imagination
of others and involves bondage, plugs, nylon shorts, and water sports play.


Jogging Along the River - Security Session

Tony's & Jack's Session


This session was one which happened a few weeks after the session at Jeff
and Jan's home.  By this point, my wife was well into what Jan had done to
me in their tub.  Amazing how a bondage split leg chair arrived at our home
only a couple days after my being cleaned out by Jan.  It was obvious that
Jan and my wife had been in cahoots as far as how far they wanted to push
their guys (also known as their bottoms).  Jeff and I found out all too soon
that we were both bottoms in more ways than just guys taking on enemas, piss
enemas, and cock loads.  We were both kept pretty hairless by our wives.

Jeff and I continued our jogging routine a few times a week.  Mainly, he and
I would be cleaned out by our wives, have a plug inserted, have a cock ring
installed, and probably have a catheter installed in our bladders.  Jeff and
I had quickly discovered that we each enjoyed more than just a cum load.

In any event, Jeff was more into the extreme scenes and he thoroughly
enjoyed pushing scenes to the max.  This particular night, Jeff and I met up
at our usual meeting point at the head of my street.  We were both dressed
in only our tricot jog shorts without a liner and we each had everything
else in place.  Even though it would be tough jogging with a plug inserted,
we managed to start our jog well.  The obvious result was that both of us
gradually became harder and harder with the constant rub deep inside our
bodies against our prostates.  As late as we enjoyed jogging, we usually
didn't have to worry about meeting anyone else on the trail which was good
since we both usually ran with our hard cocks sticking out from the leg band
of our shorts.

As we approached the end of the trail down near the river and woods, Jeff
asked if I was ready to peal off and have some fun.  Hell, I was game since
we were both sporting major wood, and we hadn't seen anyone on the trail nor
seen anyone driving around, namely security.

As we approached the cutoff into the woods, we slowed down to a walk; and
since we didn't see anyone on the trail or any other activity, we figured it
was safe to shed our shorts.  So with our shorts in hand and just wearing
our sneakers, we went back into the woods.

I was in for a surprise because it wasn't just the two of us back there.
Jeff seemed quiet as if he knew something that I didn't.  Once we had worked
our way back into the woods to our spot, what I saw was a guy laying on the
ground all trussed up.  That is to say his ankles were bound, his wrists
were bound behind his back, and his cock and balls had a rope tied around
them tightly with a lead rope extending out.  I assumed the rope was used to
lead the guy down here, much against his will.

I soon recognized that the guy laying there on the ground was Jack, Tony's
roommate.  Now keep in mind that Jack was pretty standoffish when it came to
games.  Tony was the more aggressive one of the two.  Now I discovered that
Jack had loosened up and was willing to "experiment."

About the time I recognized Jack is when someone said "I promised him to
you."  I turned, and it was Tony standing there naked.  I found out that he
and Jeff had worked out a deal that Tony was to arrange getting Jack into a
bottom scene.

As we talked, we found out that Tony and Jack had been playing together for
some time since their arrival in DC.  Eventually Tony convinced Jack to
venture into a more extreme session.  Actually, we found out that Jack's
imagination had been going wild for the more extreme sessions - especially
when Tony would come back with stories about what he had done or been put
thru during his sessions.  It didn't take much of Tony's talking and Jack
was game for whatever was to come.  And since the session would involve Jeff
and me, guys that Jack had met, he was willing to play along.

Tony had told Jack that we all were going to meet up for a session on the
river.  Tony and Jeff had already planned it out.  Since Tony had already
submitted as a bottom repeatedly, he told Jack that he wanted him to submit
as the bottom for this session.  That way he could live out his fantasy to
the max.  Tony had filled jack in on the sessions that he had experienced
when visiting with Jeff and Jan over the weekend and on other occasions.
The more Jack heard about the sessions, the more he was interested.

The plan was that Tony and Jack would do their usual jog along the river as
would Jeff and I.  The only difference would be that once on the trail, if
there was no one around on the trail, that Jack and Tony would shuck their
shorts and jog naked until they got to the woods cutoff.

What Tony finally told Jack was that once naked, a tether would be attached
to Jacks cock and balls that Tony would use to lead Jack down the trail.
What Tony also told Jack was that his hands would be bound behind his back
and a plug would be inserted.  Tony told us that Jack almost backed out, but
that once they got on the trail, and it was so early in the morning, and
there was no other activity around, that Jack finally agreed to play along.

Tony admitted that it didn't take him long to secure Jack's wrists behind
his back and tie them off.  Tony had secured a tight rope around Jack's cock
and balls before they'd left the barracks as well as inserted a plug in him.
Then, once they had arrived at the site, he had Jack lay face down and then
tied Jack's ankles out and apart to a couple small trees so he couldn't back
out and run.

So there lay Jack on the ground, face down with his wrists secured behind
his back, his ass plugged, a ball gag that Tony had brought along inserted
in Jack's mouth, his legs spread and tied, and the rope lead secured to his
balls.

And there we all stood, Tony, Jeff and me, naked, plugged, all with cock
rings and major hardons, looking down at Jack.  It was obvious that we all
were going to get off in Jack's ass that night and he was going to live out
some of his fantasies.

Jeff wasted no time and immediately kneeled down between Jack's outstretch
legs and nose dived into Jack's asshole.  He pulled out Jack's plug and was
soon doing a major rimming and it was obvious that Jack was thoroughly
enjoying it.  Tony and I were just standing back enjoying the scene, working
on our own meats, and enjoying what was happening just looking forward to
when we each would get the chance.

At that point we heard some rustling on the trail and Tony and I both froze.
Jeff wasn't even hesitating and just kept rimming Jack and Jack was just
laying there fully enjoying the experience.  Here we all were naked with
stuff inserted in each of us, plus our cock and balls secured - the obvious
answer could only be that we were gay.  Then the only other question would
be: just how long would it take before we were booted out of the service.

Then two guys came into the clearing from the trail.  They were base
security bike patrolmen.  They were holding short nightsticks and had small
utility belts on with sidearms and whatever cops usually wear.  Since they
were bike patrol and it was summer, they just wore t-shirts, shorts, socks
and shoes.

The guys said - "well, what do we have here?"  Jeff and my reaction were
just to say "shit."  That's when Jeff looked up from his rimming of Jack's
ass and said "hey guys - what took you so long?"

At that point, we realized that we both had been had.  Of course, Jack knew
sure as shit that he had and he was not about to be able to stand up and
escape considering the condition he was in just then.  I think he realized
then too that he might not be taking just three loads up his ass.

Jeff started to laugh and said "Gotcha" to all of us.  Then he and the two
guys started to laugh, although not loudly.

Jeff said to us three, "Guys, I'd like you to meet Mike and Danny."  They
play just like we all do.  He followed that with the fact that both of them
had unloaded in him on a few occasions here on the trail.  He'd met them,
and other security guys, here in the same spot and he'd bottomed for most of
them, although there were a few bottoms on security who also enjoyed taking
it.

With that, Mike and Danny started to undress.  Since it was a warm summer
night, they didn't have much to take off.  Once they had dropped their
shorts, we saw that they didn't have anything on underneath - no underwear.
It was soon obvious that they both enjoyed also wearing rings and sported
some fine sized meat.  It was Danny, who when he turned around to drop his
clothes, that his plug became evident.  When I noticed it, Mike made the
comment - "You enjoying it?  It's holding in one of my loads already."

That's when everything relaxed and I realized that this was going to be fun.
Of course, Jack realized that he might be in for far more than he'd
bargained for.

Jeff immediately went back to rimming Jack and then moved up and shoved his
cock into Jack.  Jack was sure ready to receive because he only groaned
around the ball gag and started to moan.

Danny knelt down behind Jeff.  It was obvious that he was looking to fuck
Jeff and even though Jeff was plugged, that didn't stop Danny.  He grabbed
some lube that he had brought along and squirted some around the plug in
Jeff's ass and on his own cock.  I though he would pull the plug out first
but he crawled up behind Jeff and started to push in next to the top side of
the plug.

Danny was sporting a mighty stiff cock considering that he himself was
plugged and holding Mike's load inside.  It took some pushing, but he
finally started to slide into Jeff.  All Jeff could do was grunt and push
back.  He was enjoying Jack's ass by now.  I'd never seen a guy taking
basically two cocks at one time but it was obvious that this was not Jeff's
first time either.  The sensation and tightness must have really been
intense on Danny because it didn't take much and he was soon pushing in all
the way and starting to jack hammer away.  Mike reached down and grabbed
Danny's plug and slowly moved it in and out putting pressure on his
prostate.  That was all it took and Danny shoved it in deep and blew his
load inside Jeff.

That triggered Jeff and he blew his load inside Jack.  Then they all just
lay there still connected.  The plug in Jeff was holding Danny in place
really firmly.  At least this way, when he did slide out, the plug would
already be in place to hold in the load.  But that wasn't enough for Danny.
He seemed to enjoy our games as much as we did.  He just lay there connected
inside Jeff with Jeff enjoying the sandwich.  Then there was no doubt that
he was starting to piss inside Jeff.  The loads of piss and cum were not
going anywhere with that plug still inserted.  When Danny was done, he
slowly withdrew and, as we suspected, nothing escaped from Jeff.

That was all it took, and Mike told me to get down and kneel.  With that he
knelt behind me sporting some major wood and with only one objective in
mind.  I was still plugged, and I was about to experience my first double
fuck.  Mike grabbed Danny's lube tube and squirted some onto my ass around
the top of the plug and all over his own cock.  Then with a little rubbing
in, he placed it above the plug in my crack and started to push.

He reached around with his left hand and covered my mouth and with that,
started to push into me.  Damn!!!  What a sensation and pain, but what a
sensation once he broke past the sphincter.  I felt as it I was taking a
major wood, which I was in reality.  It was good that he'd silenced me,
because I did more than grunt when he pushed it in and bottomed out.  Damn
that wood hurt like hell.  But as soon as it hurt, the pain subsided and he
began to pump.  His hand left my mouth and he reached under and grabbed my
cock and started to pump with the same rhythm as his hips.  It didn't take
much and we were both pumping away in unison heading for a major climax.

Watching Danny go at Jeff's ass and Jeff going at Jack's was too much for
Tony.  He wasn't about to stand back and not enjoy the session.  Tony
decided to duplicate Danny and Jeff's threesome on Jack as he got down
behind Mike and shoved himself into Mike - not too gently for sure.  That
gave Mike the extra shove deep in me and it triggered both himself and me to
start shooting.  Damn, that felt great getting reamed deep and solid by
major wood compounded by the plug.  Mike had pretty much recuperated from
his unloading in Danny's ass earlier, because he started to blow in me and
pumped a good 6-7 loads of cum while he waited for Tony to unload in him.
That didn't take long at all and soon we all were laying there just enjoying
the after glow of the cum, still connected.

I looked over at the other guys and they were slowly disconnecting.  Danny
had slid out of Jeff and Jeff was slowly backing out of Jack but reaching
for the plug as he did.  He was quick to push it back in place to hold all
the treasure inside Jack.

About that time, I could feel Mike beginning to deposit even more inside me.
He was taking a leak and the plug was acting just like on Jeff as a dam to
ensure it all stayed inside.  So here we all were enjoying having gotten off
and a really full sensation.  The only one who hadn't gotten off yet was
Jack.  All he'd enjoyed so far was a cum load from Tony and a cum and piss
load from Jeff.

But he would soon get off.  Jeff said he was thirsty and he crawled down
between Jack's outstretched legs, grabbed the rope tied off to his balls and
pulled it down.  That forced Jack to hump up his hips and his cock followed
his balls pointing strait down between his legs.  That was all Jeff needed
and he was soon lying face down between Jack's legs with his chin in the
dirt scarfing up on Jack's cock sucking it for all he was worth.  It didn't
take long and Jack was helping quench Jeff's thirst with his cum load.  Jeff
just continued to lay there and as Jack started to soften, he began to
unload his bladder in Jeff's mouth.  Jeff didn't let a drop escape and drank
it all down.

Once Jack had gotten off, Danny and Mike said they had to take off.  They
were sorry to take off so soon, but had to get back on patrol which would
definitely be that much better now.  They would catch up with us some other
time on the trail or at Jeff and Jan's place.

Once they had taken off, we helped get Jack untied and stood him up.  We
asked him how he'd liked the session and he thought it was great and was
looking forward to the next one already.  With that Tony grabbed his lead,
gave it a yank, and said they were taking off.  It was obvious as they left
that Jack was full because he was definitely walking around the loads and
plug.  Once they got back to the barracks, it would be interesting if
someone saw them enter with him walking that way, but that is part of the
allure of these sessions.

We found out later that someone did see them come in.  Tony told us that the
guy had been heading to the shower with his shower kit and just a towel over
his shoulder.  When they met him in the hall, he'd made a comment about the
way they were walking.  By now they had put on their shorts but Jack still
had the lead tied on his cock and balls, but the extra rope was tied around
his hips.  The guy just flat out asked them if they were plugged and Tony
told him they were.  Tony asked him if he had a problem with it?  That's
when Tony and Jack discovered they had another playmate in the barracks.
Since he was already headed to the shower, they just joined him.  That is
when Jack got his next load of the evening.

Once Tony and Jack had taken off, Jeff and I got our shorts and headed back
out to the trail.  Since it was so late, we figured we'd enjoy some naked
jogging at least until we got back up toward the open area.  It didn't take
very long and we gave up on the jogging since the cum and piss loads were
taking their toll on both of us.  We just put on our shorts and walked back
to our houses where our wives were eagerly waiting to strap us in our chairs
in the tub and clean us out once again.  Ah, what a great evening that was.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 29 Mar 2010 21:09:30 -0400
From: dick andy
Subject: Jogging Along the River - The Next Session

The following is original and for adults only and the subject of
imagination of others and involves bondage, water sports play, and femdom
play.

Jogging Along the River -- The Next Session
Tony's & My Training Session

It was a few weeks after I'd met up with Jeff for a jog and our session in
the woods where we'd met Tony and Jack.  Tony was the more adventuresome
one and I looked forward to meeting up with him again.  In the meantime,
Jeff and I had enjoyed getting together a couple times a week for our jogs
together and the chance to have some fun.  During one of these jogs, Jeff
mentioned that his wife Jan wanted to meet me and that he should invite me
over one night instead of going jogging.

It sounded like a plan to me so Jeff and I set up the following Saturday
night when, instead of our usual jog, I'd just go over to his place.  He
said that we could play some then as well and that Jan wouldn't mind and
would probably enjoy watching.  She might even join in the fun.  He told me
to wear my usual outfit, that his wife wanted to see another guy dressed
like her husband.  My wife knew that when I usually went out that I could
be gone for up to a few hours.  Once I figured out what was going on, I'd
clue her in.

Saturday night finally came and I got ready in my usual way with a good
cleanout, plug, ring, and my split shorts without a liner.  It was warm
enough that I didn't have to worry about a shirt -- it would just get in
the way anyway.

I jogged around to Jeff's place.  It was about 11 when I arrived.  The
house was dark except for a small night light in the living room.  We both
lived in two-story townhouses so it wasn't unusual that everyone's
downstairs was dark.  The inside door was already open and just the
combination storm door was closed.  I knocked lightly on the storm door and
tried it.  It was unlocked, so I just went in.  It wouldn't be out of the
ordinary as far as the neighbors would be concerned since Jeff usually
jogged late and I'm sure they had seen me before meeting up with him for
our jogs.  Of course, if they were really nosey, they would notice that we
didn't leave on our jog as usual -- unless we left out the back door
instead -- yeh, that would work as an excuse.

Jeff came down the stairs and met me on the bottom landing.  He surprised
me because he was naked except for his cock ring.  He closed the inside
door and told me to take off my shorts and shoes and follow him upstairs.
His wife was waiting for us up there.  I kicked off my shoes and dropped my
shorts right there at the bottom of the stairs.  Jeff turned to go back
upstairs and that's when I noticed that he was also wearing his plug.  The
difference was that this seemed to be a much larger plug than he normally
wore when jogging.

I asked him about it and he just said that since we weren't going to jog,
that Jan recommended he wear the largest one they owned.  There was little
doubt that he was definitely filled.  I envied him and hoped that maybe
they had a second large one laying around that I could use.

He told me that Jan was up in the playroom they had set up and that I was
in for a surprise.  I wasn't sure what he meant by playroom or what
surprise I could expect.  I soon found out when we got to the head of the
stairs.

Our houses were laid out the same way with the master bedroom at the rear
and the rest of the bedrooms in the front.  I had thought we would be using
the master, but at the head of the stairs Jeff turned toward the front of
the house.  The door was closed to the larger of the bedrooms and I saw
light coming from under the door.

Jeff opened the door and the first thing I noticed was that the room was
outfitted as a full dungeon and was dimly lit.  The next thing stopped me
in my tracks.  Standing there in a full leather body harness was Jan, a
beautiful brunette.  There was no doubt that she enjoyed seeing my reaction
and that this wasn't the first time she'd worn the outfit.  Because of our
plugs and rings, we were both sporting major hardons which Jan obviously
appreciated.

Once I got over the first shock, I took the time to look over their
"playroom."  There were rings and pulleys in the ceiling and the walls;
rubber pads on the floor; and a bondage chair that allowed the bottom to be
strictly controlled with his or her legs held wide open to give total
control to the top.  There was a bondage stockade with a fucking rod that I
had only dreamed of enjoying.  There was also a spanking/bondage bench.
Plus there was a sheet covered bench that was set up and appeared to have
something or someone laying on it.  That was definitely of interest.  It
was about 24 inches off the ground so that you could straddle it if you
wanted.

I looked at Jeff and Jan.  He was just standing there with a smile on his
face while she noted my surprise and my interest in the sheet covered
bench.  With that, Jan said that she thought that I would be interested in
what was under the sheet and that I should remember their playmate.  With
that, she reached down, grabbed the sheet and threw it in a corner.

What was under the sheet was a naked guy strapped down to a bench that
appeared to be homemade.  It looked as if it was made up of some 2x4's that
together were just wide enough to fully support a guy's chest with his arms
hanging over the edges.  It was padded and covered in rubber, which was a
pretty good idea since, judging by his wet body; I suspect that he had been
sweating for some time.  He was strapped down at his chest, waist, each
thigh, and each ankle.  His arms were hanging down the side of the bench
and they were strapped to the legs supporting the bench.

What was striking was that even though he was secured to the bench,
additional duct tape had been applied to his ass in a way that appeared to
be just attached to each of his butt cheeks and then pulled down and taped
off.  What this did is spread his ass cheeks apart exposing his nice
asshole.  The tape was strong enough that he couldn't flex his cheeks and
close off his ass.  That gave full and unfettered access and there wasn't
anything he could do about it.

 I was enjoying the view and thinking of all the things I'd love to do with
that young firm body when Jan, noting my interest, reached down and grabbed
him by his hair and raised his head enough for me to see that it was Tony,
our playmate from the woods.  He had a ball gag in his mouth and, judging
by his eyes, he didn't seem surprised to see me, nor was he embarrassed in
any way.  I could tell he was realizing that he had gotten in possibly over
his head, but was game.

Jeff then explained that he had met up with Tony a couple times on the
trail and they had played.  He said that he'd felt out Tony to see just how
adventuresome he really was.  Jeff had known that he liked water sports and
bondage, so he'd invited Tony over to play with him and Jan.  Their first
session was a test case to see if he'd work out as their bottom.  This was
now their second session together, but it was going to be a long term
session -- unbeknownst to Tony.

I asked Jeff what he meant by long term and he explained that Tony had
arrived on Friday night expecting a regular session, but Jeff knew that
Tony wasn't expected by anyone for the rest of the weekend, not even by his
roommate Jack.  Tony let it slip that he had told roommate Jack that he was
going to be tied up for awhile and would see him Sunday night.  He was
expecting to only have the session Friday night and then he would take off
for the weekend in the city to see what else he could find.  Tony just
didn't know how tied up he would be.

This time they had started their normal session as usual, by getting
cleaned out.  In preparation for this session, Jeff had told Tony to try to
keep to a liquid diet from at least Thursday morning on and drink plenty of
water -- that it would make the cleanout easier.  Jeff told me that Jan had
done the cleanout of both himself and Tony.  That is when Jan broke in and
said that since the session was going to be such a long one, it required a
deep high colonic to fully flush out the bowels.  She said she was licensed
to administer colonics and then held up an extra long colon tube that had
to be at least three feet long.  She said it was a really filling
experience that she enjoyed administering and offered up that she would be
glad to help me out as well if I needed it.  I just smiled at that and I
think she read what I meant by the slight upturn in her mouth, but she went
on to say that she had hooked the colon tube up to the faucet.  That way,
once it was fully fed into them, the ensuing water flow really flushed them
out.

Jan could tell that I was a bit confused wondering how she managed to do
such a cleanout like the normal fill and dumps that most of us use.  She
said that she used a smaller bondage chair that they had fashioned that fit
in the bathtub.  Once the bottom was filled and emptied the first time the
normal way with a red bag, he would then be placed in the chair and
strapped in.  Jan could then get in the tub with him and slowly feed the
long colon tube into him with the water continuing to flow.  What came out
would just go down the drain.  Once done, they could just be showered off.
In Tony's case, he just didn't realize that this was to ensure he was
cleaned out for the whole weekend, not just an overnight session.  As Jan
said, he could always be cleaned out again during the weekend if need be.

Jan then said that they had all enjoyed their time together so far -- even
when she had completely shaved Tony including his asshole.  He didn't like
it, but really didn't have anything to say about it.  Besides, she wanted
him as bald as Jeff.  I'd noticed that in our sessions and just assumed he
was naturally bare except of course for the pubic hair around his cock and
balls that was obviously shaved.  Now I realized that that was part of
their games and he was kept shaved at all times.  Now it was Tony's turn.

Jeff than went on to explain that once he and Tony were cleaned out and
shaved, their session began.  Tony was first strapped into the bondage
chair with his head secured to the upright, his arms secured behind his
back and his legs spread and secured to the two angled leg supports that
extended out at about a 45 degree angle.  This exposed his cock, balls, and
ass to full access and use whether he wanted it or not.

This is when he had his ass loosened up and a fairly large plug worked in.
Then Tony discovered what it was like to have his balls stretched and to
have a Foley catheter inserted.  Once it was inflated, it couldn't be
removed until it was deflated.  He had never had anything pushed up his
cock so this was definitely a new experience for him.  It was then that he
was told that he was there to satisfy Jeff, Jan, and anyone else that
wanted him.  He would not be allowed to cum until he was allowed.  The
Foley catheter would keep him drained or it could be closed off so he'd
retain urine and increase the pain.  The cath would be placed into a jug
suspended from his balls so that he would weigh down his own balls as well
as catch his urine for recycling.

Tony was then led over to the bench and strapped down for use and that is
where he had been since.  Jeff could tell that I was wondering about bodily
functions for such a long session.  He said that between the liquid diet
and the deep cleaning, they hadn't had to worry about his ass, and as far
as his urine, he said that that was taken care of.

With that I guess I had a strange look wondering about the cath, because
Jan told me to bend down and take a look at how she had taken care of that
problem.  I leaned down and could see that they had built in a padded hole
that allowed full access to Tony's cock and balls.  I also saw that Jan had
tied a plastic jug to Tony's balls and it was partially filled with urine.
What was feeding the jug was the catheter that Jan had inserted into Tony
to either keep him drained.  Jan suggested that while I was down there, I
could taste his drip if I wanted to.  It didn't take much encouragement for
me to crawl under the bench, grab Tony's cock and pull the cath out of the
jug and then suck on the cath.  There was drainage in the tube and my
sucking brought even more out of his bladder.  It really tasted sweet but
intense.  I then just reinserted the cath into the jug.

With the niceties done, Jan than said for us to begin.  She said that she
liked what she saw in me and asked whether I had cleaned myself out.  I
told her yes, that my wife had helped.  Jan also noted that I was trimmed
fairly close and offered up that she'd be glad to shave me if I wanted.  I
declined but said that possibly during another session.  But I said that I
was game for a further deep cleaning -- it sounded intense just by itself.

With that, Jan brightened up and said for me to come into the bathroom with
her.  She still had the smaller bondage chair in the tub from when she'd
cleaned out Jeff and Tony.  It was a pretty simple affair.  Just three legs
supporting a triangle of wood all made out of 2x2's.  The rear leg extended
vertically above the triangle seat about three feet so that the guy's back
and head could be fully secured as well.  There were Velcro straps attached
to the front of the triangle seat to secure the bottom's legs wide and
straps at the waist and neck to secure the guy to the upright rear leg.
Jan secured me in and then told me to put my hands behind my back and the
rear upright.  Jan then wrapped a Velcro strap around my wrists.  I wasn't
going anywhere then.  My legs were spread and my ass, cock, and balls were
fully exposed.  I suddenly had the same thought cross my mind that I'm sure
Tony had cross his.  I just given up total control of the situation.  Jan
then said that she would be right back, that she had something to do and
she might have a surprise for me.  That left me wondering even more.

She was gone for what seemed like a long time, but was probably only a
couple minutes.  When she returned, she was completely naked and had taken
off the leather harness.  She told me that she had called my wife and told
her what she was about to do.  She asked my wife if she wanted to come over
and help, but my wife had declined.  My wife said she would enjoy me when I
got back home whenever.  She had also asked her if she could shave me fully
and my wife had given her permission.  That was really a surprise to me and
I knew that I was not going to get out of it now.  Especially when my wife
basically gave permission for me to be involved in the long session as
well.

With that, Jan got her gear out and crawled in the tub and squatted in
front of me.  Her face was nearly even with my crotch.  She asked if I had
to go to the bathroom at all.  I told her that I needed to piss.  She told
me to hold it and that we would take care of that later.  She turned on and
tempered the water in the tub, diverted it to the shower shot which then
fed the colon tube.  She reached under and grabbed the plug that I had been
wearing this whole time and she slowly worked it out of me.  Before my ass
closed up, she was ready with the tube and started to slowly feed it into
me.  I felt her insert something else as well and found out later she had
inserted a second tube right next to the colon tube to keep the sphincter
open enough to permit outflow.  As she worked it in and out going deeper
each time, I could feel it doing its work.  Because I was secured to the
upright, I couldn't look down to see what was going on, but she kept saying
that it was working good.

After about five minutes, she said that we were just about done -- that she
had inserted most of the tube into me and it was flowing pretty clean.  She
then asked if I still needed to piss.  I said yes and with the tube inside
me rubbing against my sphincter and prostate, it made me have to piss even
more.  She said to just go ahead and piss, she didn't mind since we were
both dressed for it.  It didn't take much encouragement and I started to
piss.  The flow was strong and hit Jan in the chest.  I could look down
enough to see it hit and trickle down toward her crotch.  She just looked
up, smiled, and leaned forward and took my cock in her mouth and began to
drink her fill.  Hell, it felt so good.  I just wish that she'd finish me
off but that wasn't her plan.

I finished pissing in her mouth and she swallowed it all.  Then she just
sat up and said thanks, she liked that.  She then started pulling the tube
out of my ass and once it was fully out, she left the second tube inserted
so I'd drain.  Then she set about shaving me fully.  She used a battery
operated wet razor to remove all the longer hair, then shaved me.  She knew
what she was doing especially with a guy strapped down as I was.  Obviously
she had done this many times.  It took about a half hour for her to finish
shaving me fully and then we both showered off together.  It was such a
strange sensation to be completely hairless except for my head and to
really feel cleaned out.  Before we joined Jeff, Jan reinserted the plug
back in me.

Jeff finally broke in and asked if we were finally done and what did I
think of the process.  I told him it was great, although I wasn't sure once
Jan had me secured in the chair.  Jeff said that Tony had the same comments
and was I ready to share Tony's ass, that he'd already enjoyed it and left
a couple cum and piss loads in him.

I told him Jan had already drained my bladder for me but that I could
slowly build up again, especially if I could lick Tony's asshole and maybe
suck out some of Jeff's loads.  He just told me to have at it and if I
wanted, I could then just straddle Tony and plant my cock in his accessible
asshole.  That's why he built the bench the way he did.  It made for a much
more intense fuck that way, especially when the partner was secured down.

With that I dove down and started to lick and suck on Tony's asshole and
those fine cheeks.  He tried to clench them, but wasn't able to work
against the tape.  He eventually got into the rimming and seemed to really
enjoy it, especially once I started to lap up the cum and piss he was
drooling.  It was just sweet and bitter at the same time -- nothing like
sucking Jeff's cock by proxy.

As I worked on Tony's ass, I could feel Jeff and Jan manhandling my body
including my cock and balls.  I could also feel Jan trying to pull out my
butt plug.  I let her pull it free, not sure what to expect.  I assumed
that she just wanted to put in a larger one, but then I felt her handing
Jeff's cock and aiming it into my ass.  It didn't take much and Jeff had
planted his hard cock to the hilt inside me.  I then felt Jeff lean over my
back and tell me to move up and fuck Tony.  I didn't need any more
encouragement.

We shimmied up Tony's body and with the loads that Jeff had already planted
inside Tony, it was fairly easy for me to slide my cock inside him.  Tony
was trying to tighten up his ass and grasp my cock but he couldn't.  It was
definitely a great sensation to be able to fully plant it deep and feel
Jeff's deep in me at the same time.

We were slowly working up a rhythm and Tony was just grunting on the
receiving end and seemed to be really enjoying it.  I know I sure was.
That's when I felt Jan's hands grabbing hold of my balls and putting some
kind of a cinch on them.  She did the same to Jeff and then she secured our
balls together so that we couldn't separate.  She then put a strap around
our waists to further hold us together.  There was no way that I was going
to be able to escape Jeff's jack-hammering cock nor anything he wanted to
deposit in me.

Our pounding bodies built speed and started to really hammer away.  It was
an incredible sensation, almost like being pounded by a permanently
attached moving butt plug, but with the side benefits.  With our pounding
movements, we pulled on each other's balls since they were attached
together.  We both blew at the same time -- Jeff inside me and me inside
Tony.  The only one who didn't get off was Tony.  Even Jan was able to get
off while watching us go at it.

Once we settled down some, I heard Jeff ask if I had to piss.  I told him
that I could probably muster up some if he could.  He said that he wanted
me to contribute to Tony as well and help fill him up.

We lay there for what seemed like just a couple minutes, and I suddenly
felt what only could be Jeff starting to piss in me.  It felt great and was
just enough to help trigger my piss load into Tony, who just lay there and
groaned.  We lay there coupled together for awhile fully enjoying the
sensations.  That's when Jan came over and started to put thigh cuffs on
me.  I didn't think much of it and figured it was just some of their games.
Once the thigh cuffs were on me, Jeff told me to keep inserted in Tony, but
let's sit up while straddling him as best as our coupled balls would let
us.  Once we'd done that, Jeff grabbed my wrists and held them down to my
thighs while Jan buckled them to the thigh cuffs.

With that move, Jeff and I were coupled and he could continue to fuck me or
piss in me whenever he wanted for as long as he wanted.  Jeff asked me if I
liked it and I said yes.  He told me that that is what he'd done to Tony
last night to put him down on the bench.  Tonight it was my turn and he
steered me over to the spanking/bondage bench.  We had to waddle some, but
we never disconnected.  When we were standing behind the bench, Jeff bent
over and I didn't have much choice but to do it as well.  When I was belly
down on the bench, Jan came over and strapped my upper body to the bench.
Then she undid each of my wrists one at a time and secured the forearms
down to the arm rests.  Once I was secured, she undid the waste belt that
was holding Jeff and I together.  Then the only thing holding us together
were the ball cinches.

Jeff had me put my legs up on the kneeling rests and Jan strapped those
down.  So here I was in a kneeling position where I couldn't move, but my
crotch was totally exposed for use by anyone -- at least once Jeff was out
of the way.  Jan took care of that when she came over with scissors and
clipped the tie that was connecting my ball cinch to Jeff's cinch.  Jan
then inserted a larger butt plug than I was used to.  It sure wasn't the
one that I'd arrived with.  It took some work, but it finally slid past the
sphincter and trapped all Jeff's cum and piss inside me.

That is when I found out that I was going to suffer the same as Tony.  Jan
pulled out a Foley catheter, lubed it up, and began to insert it.  I wasn't
ready for that, but didn't have any choice since I couldn't move at all.  I
could feel when it broke into the bladder and feel the release of the
little bit of urine that had accumulated.  Jan quickly inflated the Foley
and pulled to ensure it was secure.  To make sure it was draining, she
pulled my cock back with the cath, leaned down, and sucked on the cath --
success.  She also had a plastic jug ready to catch whatever came out after
that and she secured that to my ball cinch.  I was going to weight down my
own balls just like Tony, unless someone helped fill the jug with their
own.

It looked like this was going to be a long night for both Tony and I.  I
just couldn't figure out what else could happen that hadn't already.  Jeff
could only be good for so many loads, just like myself.  But he and Jan had
something else in mind.  Since Jan had spoken to my wife, I knew that my
wife wouldn't be expecting me home any time soon, possibly not until
sometime Sunday.  While Jan had been inserting my cath, Jeff had been on
the phone in the other room.  I just couldn't hear what he was saying.  I
soon found out.

About ten minutes later, I heard a knock downstairs and heard someone
coming into the house.  I looked over to Tony, and he had what could only
be described as a very concerned face.  Then I knew this was a surprise to
him too.  I heard Jeff go down the stairs and knew that he was still naked.
It had to be someone he knew.  It was, and we soon had the chance to find
out who it was.  While Jeff was busy downstairs, Jan took the time to
insert a ball gag in my mouth and secure it.

We heard them coming up the stairs and could hear quiet voices talking back
and forth.  More than one person had arrived and we just didn't know how
many.  About that point Jeff walked into the room followed by two other
guys who were naked as well.  They both said hi to Jan and Jeff turned to
them and asked them if he was lying when he said he had a surprise for
them.  With that, he told them that every hole in the room, especially
ours, were theirs for whatever and however they wanted.

Jeff told Tony and I that the guys were two of his jogging buddies and they
had played in the woods as well.  They had also played with he and Jan
before too.  The first was John.  He was a powerful black fella with a
beautiful dusky complexion and a piece of meat hanging between his legs
that sure justified all I'd ever heard about black men.  The other guy was
Jason.  He was a blond Adonis with a trim, firm body and a nice sized cock
swinging between his legs as well.

Jason went straight for Tony, which left me for John.  I was beginning to
be thankful that Jan had pushed the larger plug into me before.  Jason
looked over at Jeff and said that he liked how he had secured Tony with his
ass open.  That was the same way that Jeff had done him up during one of
his visits.  Jason wasted no time and dove down on Tony's ass and started
rimming him.  He told Jeff thanks for leaving the deposits -- he
appreciated it.  Jeff told him that the last deposit was mine.  Jason just
said sweet and went back to rimming.

John hadn't wasted any time either and moved over to me.  I was glad now
that Jan has inserted the ball gag.  He was feeling my whole body to get an
idea of what he had to play with.  All he said was that he was going to
enjoy this a lot and hoped that I wasn't in too much pain when he got done.
I was in no position to argue.  Keep in mind that these two guys had cocks
bigger than either Tony or I had ever taken before -- guess Jeff wanted us
to experience it just like he had.

John kneeled down behind me and started rimming my ass around the plug and
manhandling my cock and balls.  Damn that felt good.  Then I felt him
pulling on the plug to work it out.  No sooner did it release, then he had
his tongue thrusting into my hole.  Damn, that felt even better.  But I
knew what was coming.  About that point is when John pulled back, looked
over to Jason, and asked him if he was ready?  Jason looked over and said
hell yes, now that he'd sucked out enough to make room.

Both of them stood up with raging hardons - John behind me and Jason
straddling Tony.  They both lined up those cocks with our asses and John
just said NOW.  They both then drove their monsters home in one thrust.
Both of our reactions were the same -- we tried to scream from the sudden
penetration but it was no use with the gags.  They both bottomed out and
held themselves in to let us adjust.  Then they started their rides and
they sure as hell enjoyed the ride.

I looked over at Tony and he was looking at me.  There was no doubt that we
were getting reamed really good.  I knew it and Tony sure as hell seemed
to.  But what caught my attention was Jeff behind Jason.  He was holding a
large plug and was lining it up with Jason's ass.  Hell he was going to
plug Jason while he fucked Tony -- that had to be one great sensation.
About the time he pushed it into Jason, I felt John suddenly lunge further
into me and grunt.  That's when I realized that Jan was behind John and was
pushing a large plug into him at the same time.  Damn what a team!

Their pace really picked up then and I could tell they were getting close
to blowing their loads in us.  Both of them were breathing heavy and
thrusting away.  It was amazing that they both arrived at their climax at
the same time and drove it home.  I felt like I was getting a cum enema.
Once he had unloaded, John just lay down on my back just as Jason did to
Tony.  I suspected what was coming next and I wasn't disappointed.  It was
great to feel his cum shooting deep inside, but then I felt him start to
piss in me.  Not sure how much his bladder held, I was glad that Jan was
there to wipe up the excess and that there was a rubber sheet on the floor.

No sooner had John finished and withdrawn, then Jan pushed my plug back in.
Jason continued to lie on Tony and enjoy the sensation and his body.  Jason
finally withdrew from Tony and stood back up.  Both John and Jason thanked
Jeff and Jan for the invitation to the party, and Jeff invited them back
anytime.  With that, Jeff and Jan knelt in front of John and Jason and
cleaned off their cocks with their mouths and drained out anything left.
Once they were done and had gotten up, the guys said they were going to go
take a jog and would bring the plugs back later.  Jeff and Jan said thanks,
and John and Jason turned to us and said thanks guys -- hope you enjoyed
the ride as much as we did.  Then they left the room and took off.  Easy
cum -- easy go.

Jeff turned to us and said that he hoped we enjoyed their surprise.  We
both nodded yes.  With that, Jeff said that he and Jan were going to bed.
It had been a long day and they would see us in the morning.  Before they
just closed the door and left us strapped to our benches, Jeff went over to
Tony and pushed a plug into him just in case any of the juices tried to
leak out.  After having been fucked so much, Tony took it without a wimper.
We now knew just what was in store for us the rest of the night.  We
couldn't even compare notes.  It didn't take long and we were both asleep.

I'm not sure what time in the morning we were woken up.  I suspected that
it was just breaking light from what I could see reflecting in the door
when Jeff came in.  He said that it was time to change positions for Tony
and started unstrapping him.  Before he had totally freed him, he secured
his wrists behind his back so he wasn't going anywhere.  It took some for
Tony to be able to stand since he had been on the bench since Friday nite.

Jeff led him over to the bondage chair and had him sit down.  Then he was
resecured in that chair with his plug still in and his legs spread wide and
strapped in.  Jeff had put a clamp on Tony's catheter before letting him up
and unhooked the jug from Tony's balls.  Once in the chair, the jug was
reattached, Tony's arms were secured behind his back, and the ball gag was
removed.  Then Jeff put his cath tube back in the jug which now was about
half full and was definitely putting some pressure on Tony's balls.  I know
that mine was as well.

Tony right away wanted to know how much longer his session was going to
last.  Jeff told him that he would be released that evening in time to get
back to the barracks and get a good night's sleep.  He and Jan had more
planned for him that day.

Then Jeff turned to me and said that I wasn't quite ready to be released
yet.  He needed to get off and it was my turn.  Besides, he needed to send
me home with a present for my wife.  He first asked Tony if he was thirsty
yet.  Tony said he was and Jeff said he could have a choice -- drain the
jug hung from his balls, or drain Jeff's bladder.  Tony told Jeff to come
over and he'd do him.  Of course, I knew what that would do -- just add to
what eventually Tony was going to pass into his jug and weigh him even
further.

Jeff went over to him and released his neck strap so Tony could lean over
and drain Jeff.  He was definitely learning his lessons because he didn't
even hesitate.  Once Jeff was done, he came over to me and said that now it
was my turn, but not for a drink.  He needed to get off and my ass would do
fine.

He came around behind me and started working the plug out that had been in
all night.  Obviously there was a lot of pent up cum and piss behind it
from last night.  Jeff grabbed a pan and held it under me while he pulled
out the plug.  Sure enough, some came out.  Jeff didn't waste any time
putting that aside and entering me.  He rode with gusto for sure and it
wasn't long and he had deposited his seed in me.  He backed out and grabbed
the plug and pushed it in and said that I could take his present home to my
wife.

He then started to undo my straps and release me.  Before I could get up,
he unhooked the jug from my balls and plugged the cath that I'd worn since
last night.  It was a relief to have the jug removed from my balls because
it had been slowly filling throughout the night and had gotten nearly half
full, the same as Tony's.  Jeff didn't offer me a drink but just set the
jug aside.  I wasn't going to ask questions at that point.  Jeff said that
I was to keep the cath and plug in until I got home.  That I could just go
downstairs and put my shorts and shoes on and go back home.  My wife was
waiting and it was early enough on a Sunday morning that noone would
probably see me.  He said he'd call me later that evening.

I removed the ball gag and thanked them both for a fine session and that I
looked forward to our next one.  Not sure where Jan was, I just went
downstairs, put the shorts and shoes on and left.  It was early enough that
the sun was just rising, so there wasn't any activity going on as I jogged
back home except for a couple dedicated joggers who were out for their
early morning jogs.  I hoped that they just assumed that I had been out for
an early jog as well.

When I got back to the house, my wife was waiting for me.  She just said
that she hoped I had fun and to get naked.  She wanted to see the shave job
and what else Jan had done to me.  I didn't need any further encouragement
and kicked off my shoes and dropped my shorts.  She just looked at it and
then said she liked it.  She told me to come over to her and let her feel
how smooth I was.  I didn't need anything further to convince me since I
hadn't shot since last night and could still feel the loads in me behind
the plug.

She grabbed my cock and balls and played with them some while rubbing a
finger over the tip of the catheter that stuck out.  She said she liked
that too and if I liked it, we'd have to play more with caths.  With that,
she pulled out the plug from the cath and put my cock into her mouth and
just let it drain.  Then she started to suck and jerk me off.  It didn't
take much and I was shooting around the cath as best as I could.  We moved
out session upstairs and had an enjoyable day just playing with whatever we
wanted to do.

Later that evening I got a call from Jeff.  He said that Tony had been
released finally and left with his new clean body and his ass filled and
plugged.  I asked Jeff what Tony thought of the session and Jeff said that
he finally admitted that he really liked it, especially being secured down
and repeatedly fucked and he was looking forward to the next session.  Jeff
told me that John and Jason had returned about mid-morning.  They had been
out jogging and were still plugged themselves.  They wanted to return the
plugs as well as play again.  By that time, Tony had been taken out of the
bondage chair and was secured to the spanking/kneeling bench -- the same
one that they had me secured to last night.

They both enjoyed using his ass again, this time without the tape holding
his ass open.  They also enjoyed the chance to fuck both Jeff and Jan
before leaving.  I asked him who got who and Jeff said that he'd enjoyed
Jason's loads and Jan enjoyed John's.  In fact they were still enjoying
them and Jan was getting ready to do another cleanout of Jeff.  Some guys
have all the luck.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 13 Dec 2009 21:50:08 -0600
From: dick andy
Subject: Jogging Along the River

The following is original and for adults only and the subject of imagination
of others and involves bondage and water sports play.

Jogging Along the River

As a former military active duty living in Washington DC, I have some very
fond memories.  I was a married bi Navy guy who lived in base housing on
Bolling AFB and enjoyed jogging along the Anacostia after dark.  Most
military enjoyed doing PT after hours to stay in shape - especially those of
us who lived in base housing and could only get out and jog in the evening,
or at night due to shift work.  During the day and early evening, most folks
were just out strolling or just doing fast walking and thinking they were
really into PT.  As the evening would wear on, the numbers of dependents out
jogging gradually thinned out and only the active military that were into PT
would be out jogging or maybe the odd high school jock who was really
dedicated.

I usually waited until after the national news and a couple other shows on
TV.  Then, usually about 8 or 9 in the evening, I'd head out and jog.  Most
guys would be out then, or even later, doing their thing to stay in shape.
I soon found out that many guys went out jogging much later around 10, and
many, because of their work hours in the district, got up around 3 or 4 in
the morning and did their jogging before going to work.  It didn't take me
long, because of my erratic sleep schedule to find out about the very early
morning joggers.  It was nothing to be out at even 1 or 2 in the morning and
come across a few guys jogging.

Keep in mind that the trail we all used went along the river almost the
entire length of the base.  For the most part, it was open, landscaped with
benches along its length.  It was only at the north end of the trail where
it went away from housing and any built up area, gradually sloped down
closer to the river, and went thru an overgrown area adjacent to the trail.
That was the area that I soon learned was the connection place for guys
wanting to get it on with each other.

Since it was so far off the beaten track and away from the roadways,
security didn't really patrol it much since it would require them to
actually do some walking.  That worked to the advantage of those of us
wanting to connect.

In those days, the usual jogging attire consisted of the thin silky nylon
tricot shorts that were popular at the time, and maybe a T-shirt depending
on the weather.  Some of the guys wore the regular v-notch leg shorts, while
others wore splits.  That is what I preferred since it gave better access
and freedom of movement.  Now if the plan was to jog late at night or very
early in the morning, usually those nylon shorts had the liner cut out to
give total freedom and access.  Hell, at night, with minimal lighting, who
could tell?

I soon learned that it was better to connect with guys if you jogged between
midnight and 3 in the morning.  I also learned the trick about cutting out
the liner, as well as the advantages of wearing split shorts.  It sure gave
greater access to the guy snuggled up behind you poking his cock up your ass
where you didn't have to remove the shorts at all, just in case someone came
upon us.  Or it gave great access when you were kneeling in front of the guy
sucking him off.

It took me a few months to learn the "system" that was worked out about who
was looking for what and what signals were sent while jogging.  Usually
there were only a few guys out at any one time jogging during the late night
and early morning hours.  For the most part, they all had the same objective
in mind - get healthy and get off.  Some were just into blow jobs and others
were into fucking.  If you were looking for fun, you just had to get eye
contact with the guy approaching you.  If he was interested, he'd also keep
eye contact.  That could lead to conversation about jogging together or
jogging down by the woods.  We all knew where that was and what it meant.

Many of us would jog wearing cock rings to keep the package pushed out in
front, while there were some who even jogged with a plug inserted.  They
were mostly bottoms who liked to keep their ass ready to receive without
much work, or they may be guys into just receiving a blow job and liked the
full sensation.  There were times when I also jogged wearing a plug as well
as my ring.  It made for interesting sensations while jogging and definitely
kept the sphincter loose when a guy was ready.  Plus it made for a good way
to keep in whatever he deposited inside - whether cum or piss - on the jog
home.

I was lucky in a way.  I was bi and married and my wife knew of my other
side.  She knew about my jogging adventures and would sometimes help me
insert the plug before leaving to jog knowing that I'd probably come home
filled with more than the plug.  It made for an interesting welcome home
with her waiting for me to jump her and fuck her knowing my ass was filled
with another guy's cum or piss.  It usually didn't take long for us to fuck
ourselves into oblivion.

I soon discovered that one of the guys who lived near me was also a late
night jogger.  I'd seen him jogging during the day around housing and he'd
caught my attention.  He believed in keeping himself in shape and didn't
have much body fat at all.  He'd say hi when he jogged past if I was out in
the yard working on the car or truck.  Usually in the warmer months, I'd
just wear my jogging shorts or other short shorts even at home.  I guess I
advertised myself enough to get his attention.  He finally stopped one
Saturday and introduced himself as Jeff.  He was in his late 20's, Air Force
and stationed at the Pentagon.

During our conversation, I mentioned that he took good care of himself and
that he looked good.  He said thanks and that he worked at it - usually
jogging a couple times a day.  I asked him what other time he jogged and he
mentioned that it was usually really late or really early in the morning
before work.  I told him that is when I usually jogged as well since it was
less humid and somewhat cooler.  In the summer months in DC, even in the
middle of the night you could jog with just shorts on and it was
comfortable.

Jeff said that he thought he might have seen me during some of his night
jogs but wasn't sure.  He asked if I jogged the whole length of the trail,
even down by the woods along the river.  I said yes I did most times -
depending on the mood.  I suspected that he knew what I was referring to
since he got this little grin on his face.  He said that he also jogged that
way most nights as well.  With that he asked if I wanted to jog with him
sometime since we both enjoyed jogging in the middle of the night.  I agreed
to meet him that night at one a.m. at the trail head and we could jog from
there.  He agreed and said he'd see me later, but before he took off he
asked me what I wore for jogging.  I told him that I wore split shorts,
usually without liners for night jogging.  He said he wore the same and said
that he'd see me that night and he returned to his jog.

As the afternoon wore on, the more I thought about our meeting to jog and
the possibilities, the hornier I got.  I'd told my wife about the possible
adventure awaiting me and she was excited.  She knew that she might have the
opportunity to enjoy his cum load by proxy and knew that when I returned,
I'd be ready to get off again.  I could hardly wait to get thru dinner, the
news and the evening shows.  The only thing I could think about was what
awaited me later that night..  I jogged over to the gym and did my usual
evening workout hoping that that would get my mind on track.  All I could
think about were the hard bodies around me working out.  I wanted to just
kneel in front of each of them and help them enjoy their workout all the
more.

Eventually the night wore on and it was midnight - time for me to start
getting ready for my nighttime jog.  I pulled out the bag and filled myself
a couple times for cleanout eventually running clear.  Following that my
wife inserted a medium plug to keep me open and put on a fairly wide
stainless cock ring which really restricted my package.  Then I put on one
of my nylon tricot split jog shorts with the liner cut out.  It was a pair
of Adidas shorts that I'd bought back many years before.  They were high cut
and fairly brief and made for jogging.  There didn't leave much to the
imagination about how I was set up for the jog.  Thank goodness it was very
late at night and no-one was going to be around except for us dedicated
joggers or players.  We just had to hope that no-one had a flashlight or
spotlight to ruin the effect.  I finished off the outfit with just a pair of
well worn jogging sneakers that were low slung although still had support.
I just didn't have to wear any socks with them since they were so
comfortable.

I enjoyed the feel of the outfit and the look.  It did send a message that I
was ready for whatever was waiting.  I'd worn the same outfit before and had
good luck connecting with some of the other late night joggers.  In those
cases, I came back filled with their seed at both ends which made for a fine
night's sleep and an interesting session with my wife.

Eventually, it was approaching one and I left the house and jogged to the
trailhead.  Sure enough, there was Jeff waiting for me.  He pretty much was
wearing the same thing - a pair of nylon split jog shorts that appeared well
worn and what appeared to be a cock ring since his package was pushed out in
front pretty well.  He complimented me on my outfit and said that he noticed
as I jogged up that I had a ring on and assumed that I was plugged as well.
I said yes and was he?  He offered up his back and allowed me to feel under
his shorts.  Sure enough, he was plugged.  The night was really stacking up
well.

We started to jog and just made small talk.  Jeff asked me if my wife knew
of my other side and I told him that she did.  I asked him the same since I
noticed he sported a wedding band.  He said she did and really got off on
his playing with guys.  This was sounding better and better.

We were the only ones out this late as far as we could tell.  The trail was
over two miles long so there was no telling if we'd come across others out
jogging.  This late and we both figured that if anyone was out, we'd
probably meet them down by the woods.  As we got closer to that end of the
trail, the full sensation of the plugs were having their effect on both of
us and we both were sporting fairly large hardons.  There wasn't anyone
around when we began to descend down toward the woods and we figured we had
it made.  Nothing like a body covered with sweat, wearing a ring and a plug,
and being randy on a warm summer night to make for an interesting time
outdoors.

There was a trail off the main trail that led back into the woods to fairly
private areas, especially at night.  We continued past that side trail to
the end to check out if anyone else was out jogging further on and then
started jogging back.  At the side trail, we stopped and walked back into
the woods quite a way to ensure we were off the trail sufficiently so no-one
would see or hear us.  We were probably back in at least a hundred feet
before we stopped in an area that we both knew of and had enjoyed before.

Being that far off the main trail, we weren't really worried about being
discovered so there wasn't any reason to keep the shorts on.  We figured
that anyone coming back this far was probably looking for the same thing.
Jeff immediately sunk to his knees and started to suck me off.  Here we were
on a warm summer night, naked outdoors with a guy sucking me off.  What a
head trip!  And when he started to play with my plug while sucking me off,
it really felt great.  To feel that sensation deep inside, the feelings
built really quick and in no time I was shooting in Jeff's mouth over and
over again.  He was definitely a swallower because he didn't even hesitate
and started to drain me of whatever I offered.

Once I was done shooting, I asked him if he was also into golden just in
case.  He admitted he was and he assumed I was as well since I was asking.
I quickly told him that yes I was whether swallowing or taking it up the
ass.  He smiled at that because he said that he had both a cum load and a
piss load to get rid of before we were done.  The evening was stacking up
better and better.

With that I turned around and offered up my ass for his use since he hadn't
gotten off yet.  He played with the plug a bit kind of pushing it in and out
slightly to heighten the sensations and I could definitely tell because I
was getting another boner real quick.  Jeff told me to bend forward and he
stood up behind me rubbing his hard cock against my ass crack and the plug
while reaching around and playing with my cock and balls.  It was the
greatest sensation.  While bent forward, I could reach between my legs and
play with his cock and balls which were really fine hangers.  He said he was
ready and for me to pull out the plug.  I grabbed its base and pulled it out
just in time for him to push himself in my open ass.  God it felt great.

Jeff began slow stroking deep into me while he continued to hang on and play
with my cock.  He gradually started to pick up the pace and was definitely
approaching getting his nut in me when we suddenly heard a guy softly ask
"mind if we join you?"  We both stopped in mid stroke and thought crap -
we'd been busted.  We looked over and here were two young guys standing
there in just sneakers and holding their jog shorts and sporting two fine
pieces of meat.  Jeff quickly got his wits about him and responded hell yes,
join the party.

With that, they both tossed down their shorts and one came over in front of
me and offered up his cock for me to suck.  The other one moved around
behind Jeff and started snuggling up against his back and rubbing his cock
up against Jeff's ass.  He said that he saw that Jeff liked wearing a plug
and that he had one in as well.  He then asked Jeff if he minded getting
butt fucked bare.  Jeff told him to go ahead if he wanted.  With that the
guy reached down and grabbed Jeff's plug head and pulled it out of him
tossing it on the ground.  He pushed into Jeff pretty quick and must have
been built fairly large because I heard Jeff grunt pretty good when he'd
entered him.  It didn't take much and they were both pounding away and
heading for a massive climax.

The guy I was sucking was getting close as well since I could sense him
starting to swell and deep stroke into my mouth.  It wasn't long and we all
started speeding up the pumping.  Jeff was the first to shoot into me, and
the guy fucking Jeff soon followed shooting a major load into Jeff.  That's
all it took, and the guy I was sucking began to pump and shoot down my
throat which triggered me.

We all just stood there enjoying the after effects of the session still
connected together.  Gradually, the guy I was sucking started to soften and
backed away to just stand there and enjoy the scene.  His buddy was still in
Jeff but was getting ready to back out when Jeff told him to plug him again
to hold in the load.  The guy I'd sucked picked up Jeff's plug and was ready
to insert it when his buddy slid out of Jeff.  That left Jeff and me still
attached with him slowly softening.  I had my plug laying on the ground in
front of me and was ready to push it in when Jeff slid out - but Jeff had
other plans.

He asked if I was serious about playing with watersports, that he had to
take a leak.  I told him yes if he was interested.  That got the attention
of the other two guys who said they had heard about it but never played with
it.  The one who had fucked Jeff asked what he had in mind.  Without saying
a word, Jeff began to slowly let his piss go while still in me. That on top
of his cum load and I was quickly filling up.  Since we had nearly two miles
to jog back, I told him to hold up on emptying totally.  He said OK and
reached down to squeeze off his flow and told me to be ready to insert the
plug.  He backed out and I quickly pushed in the plug to hold all his juices
in.

Jeff was standing there holding his cock and ready to turn around and finish
pissing, when the one who'd been fucking Jeff asked him to wait and let him
try it.  He hadn't been fucked yet but was wearing a plug.  Once Jeff said
hell, yes, the guy bent over, reached between his legs and pulled out the
plug.  With that, Jeff moved up behind him and luckily, since he was about
to enter a new ass, Jeff started to firm up.  Since the guy's ass was open
from the plug, Jeff was able to slide it right in and he began to finish
pissing.  The guy just stood there taking it.  His buddy asked how it felt
and he said that it was like taking a major cum load and it was definitely
filling.  Luckily Jeff had already emptied part of the load into me so that
guy only got a partial bladder full.  Except that with his cock now inside
the guy's ass surrounded by his own piss got Jeff growing again and it
wasn't long and he was deep stroking the guy's ass and unloading a cum load
inside him.  Once Jeff began to soften and slide out, the guy reinserted his
plug to hold it all it.  When he stood up, he was smiling.  He had
discovered the sensations of being pissed in.

There we all stood, three of us with loads inside and plugged.  The two guys
introduced themselves as Tony, the guy who had fucked Jeff, and Jack, the
guy I'd sucked off.  They were both 19 and had just reported aboard a couple
months before and quickly found out about the trail.  They had connected
with each other in the barracks, shared a room, and enjoyed late night
jogging just like we did.  Tony was more adventuresome obviously,
considering the plug, and willing to experiment whereas Jack was more
hesitant.  It was enough that Jack was getting into the night time jogging
and playing.  Eventually, Jack would come to enjoy wearing a plug as well.

While talking, we discovered that we all had enjoyed this same spot in the
woods many times with other guys out jogging.  We'd each discovered that it
was a favorite with many others.  Both Jeff and Tony, as well as myself, had
met up with other guys and played here before.  We talked some and agreed to
meet up again for a session in a couple of nights.  Eventually, our meetings
became a regular weekly occurrence with other guys coming and going during
our sessions.

After agreeing to meet again, we put on our shorts and worked our way back
out to the trail.  Tony and Jack took off down the trail and planned to work
their way back toward the barracks.  Jeff and I started back in the other
direction toward our houses.  It was a bit slower for us this time since we
were trying to keep in the loads as well as our plugs.  We got part way back
and finally had to walk the rest of the way.  There wasn't anyone around
except for one security vehicle that was making rounds, and hopefully he
didn't see how we were walking.  We got to my street and Jeff peeled off
toward his place.  We agreed to meet again the following night to see what
we could get into.

Since I had a couple hours before I had to be up, I just rinsed off in the
shower and crawled in bed.  Laying there feeling full from Jeff's loads and
still plugged, I thought back on those two 19 year olds that we'd been lucky
enough to meet.  But I knew it would be an even better night when my wife
rolled over and said "hi honey, have fun?"