Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 22 Sep 2007 19:37:26 -0700
From: barry97
Subject: The Air Force Part 2  The End of Basic Training

This is my new e-mail address barry97@shaw.ca Do not send e-mail to my
old address barry97@telus.com because it no longer exists.

This is only meant to be read by people of consenting age.

The Air Force Part 2. The End of Basic Training

It had been an eventful bus ride from London to Halifax. Yes long but
mostly boring. I had gotten off the train wend around to the parking lot
as instructed from the recruiting centre. I walked toward a group of
young men my age. They looked as if they were waiting for a ride. I asked
if they were waiting for a bus to Cornwallis. One of the men in the group
said yes.

Soon a military bus arrived and I got on board along with the other dozen
or so men. A man other than the driver had called our names as we boarded
the bus. After sitting the bus pulled away and into traffic. We were soon
out of Halifax in the open country.

I ended up sitting beside a chubby man in his late teens with dark brown
hair and brown eyes. We introduced each other. His name was Chuck. We
didn't say much along the way and hour later the bus pulled in front of
this gate. The bus pulled up to a large building and we were told to get
out. A man shouted at us as we got out of the bus to hurry it up and grab
our gear off the bus and line up. This I soon found out would be a
regular thing being yelled at.

We were processed with haircuts, issued uniforms as well as other
military things. We were instructed how we were to shine our shoes, how
to make our beds and other important things we were to do on a daily
bases. I was surprised how large the mess hall was and how much food
there was. That first day I learned was an easy day although it didn't
feel like it at the time.

The next days and weeks we were to march, run, swim, shoot, do push up,
sit ups and other physical activities. I was beginning to get use to the
yelling out of orders and name calling by our two corporals. I saw the
men I had arrived with turn from skinny or plump bodies to hard toned
bodies. I had been a hundred and twenty skinny pounds, five six when I
entered basic training and now with only two weeks left was a hundred and
thirty five tone pounds. I didn't have much time to admire the men those
first few weeks. I was always on the go and by the end of the day only
wanted to collapse into bed.

I was proud walking past the main stadium and saluting the last day of
basic training. I had passed and would be ready to go on to my next
training. At the last minute our troop was told we wouldn't be leaving
the base for another week. I was disappointed because I wanted to move
on. I had never left base during the fifteen weeks of basic training. We
were told the last weekend we were not to leave base. There was little to
do that last week. We wouldn't have to march etc because our training
was finished. That's when I began to really notice how hot my fellow
troop was. The shortest was about five-five and the tallest about
six-five all were in excellent shape now that basic training was over.
After dinner I had watched TV in the upstair lounge and now lay in bed
waiting for sleep to arrive.

I woke up having to take a leak in the worse way. When I got to the
washroom I went to the urinal and began to piss. I don't know why but my
cock got rock hard and I began to masturbate for the very first time
since arriving at basic training. I heard they put something in our food
to prevent us from getting horny but for the last couple of days we were
given special food. I now figured that's why I was horny because my sure
was hard. The new food must not have had stuff it in to prevent our
barracks not to get horny. I held my balls in my hand. Just then I heard
something behind me. "What are you doing Barry?" Some one said. I turned
my head to see Mark a man in his late teens behind me.

"Nothing." I said putting my hard cock in my green boxers.

"Yes you are Barry. Do we guys turn you on?" Mark asked.

"Of coarse not." I answered.

"Why else would you have a boner when there are only guys around. I think
you're a homo." Mark said.

"No I'm not." I answered.

"I'm going to tell everyone in the morning you are anyway. That is
unless you do me a favour." Mark said.

"Like what?" I asked turning and facing Mark."

"Come in the cubic and blow me." Mark said.

"What? Your kidding. What if someone walks in?" I asked.

"That's why we're going in the cubical dummy." Mark said.

"No way. I'm not sucking you. Who's going to believe you? Besides I
thought you had to take a piss. Why else would you be in here?" I asked I
knew I was being bold but figured I would take the chance by pushing my
point. Maybe Mark did know I would love to suck him. I just wanted him to
force me to suck him.

"I do have to piss. I'll meet you in the cubical after I piss. You know
all the guys believe anything I tell them. You should know that by now."
Mark said. I knew he was right. Ever since the first day Mark had become
the leader of us all.

"Okay, you win. I'll meet you in this first cubical. I'll leave the
door unlocked for you." I said.

"Okay." Mark answered.

I walked over to the first cubical and walked in and closed the door but
didn't lock it. I could hear Mark as his urine sprayed in the urinal and
knew he wouldn't be long. Then I heard his footsteps approaching the
cubical and the door opened. He walked in and pushed his green boxers to
his knees. "Take a good look at what you want." Mark said.

His cock was a good thick six inches and as hard as a cock could get. I
wanted to wrap my lips around it. I wanted to hold his big hairy cum
filled balls in my hand. I wanted to feel his muscular body. I just
wanted him in the worse way.

"Go ahead give me head." Mark said.

I opened my mouth taking his large mushroom size cock head in my mouth
feeling his balls with my hand and with my other hand I began to message
his chest. He shoved his cock further down my throat and I gobbled it up.
It was like heaven. A cock in my mouth at long last after weeks of no
cock. I head Mark moaning above me. "Suck it. Oh fuck your good." Mark
said.

I ran my tongue around the shaft of his cock as he rocked forward sending
his cock down my throat. I could tell he wanted to get off. Actually
needed to get off. His balls felt heavy in my hands. "Suck my cock. Oh
fuck suck it. Your mouth is so warm." Mark said.

I wanted to shout. "I'm sucking your delicious cock but of coarse my
mouth was full of his cock. He pushed his cock down my throat. He kept
pulling his cock out until only my lips covered his thick cock head and
rammed it down my throat again. His balls felt so heavy.

Suddenly I heard Mark moaning and knew any minute he would be shooting
his load. "Take my cum. Fuck take it all Barry." He moaned Then as he
pushed his cock deep in my throat and braced himself I felt his cock
vibrate and knew he was shooting his load. He pulled his cock out to my
lips letting go another spurt of his cum. It flowed all over my tongue.
It was salty and tasted delicious. I hadn't realized I was jacking off
until suddenly I could feel my balls churning and the spray of my own cum
was all over my hand.

Mark's cock slipped out of my mouth and I licked his creamy cock head.
"That was good." I said.

"Maybe I should let all the guys you're a great cock sucker." Mark said.

"No please don' t tell anyone you promised." I said

What will happen next. Watch for Part 3. barry97@shaw.ca It may take me
some time to write Part 3.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 15 Feb 2006 16:20:26 -0800
From: barry97@telus.net
Subject: The Air Force Part 1 Getting ready to Join

The Air Force Part 1 Getting ready to Join.  My best friend and I split at this
time and so a new story line begins.  If you want to read what came previously
read "My Best Friend and I Growing Up."  This will have every thing as well.
Such as animals and domination.  The first part may seem dull but it does lead
to more of an exciting part.  Thank you.  Barry Jimmy. Or B.J.
barry97@telus.net
	My best friend Don left for University at the beginning of the summer
to prepare for his first year.   I had no plans for myself.  I didn't have the
marks to go on to University like my friend Don.  I did know I didn't want to
sit around all my life and end up doing nothing.   While sitting around
watching TV I heard an add for the Canadian Armed Forces.  Right then and there
I decided that was for me.  I looked up in the phone book for the recruiting
office.  The closest one was in London.
The next morning I told my parents I was going to London for the day to catch a
movie.  I didn't want to let on I was going to sign on because what if they
wouldn't accept me.  I took my last report card and other papers with me as I
headed down town to catch the bus to London.
.In London I went to the recruitment centre.  At the main desk I asked about
enlisting.  I was shown to a room down the hall.  I was asked a bunch of
questions and I produced my I.D. and school records.    I was told they would
contact me in a couple of days if I was going to be accepted into the Canadian
Armed Forces. I was also told if I was accepted I would have to go to Toronto
for tests to see what part of the Forces I was best suited.  After seeing a
movie I headed home on the bus.  It was supper time by the time I got home.  Of
coarse my parents asked me how the movie was.  I told them honestly it was a
good movie but didn't mention about the recruitment centre.
For the next few days the only thing on my mind was weather I was accepted or
not.  My parents were beginning to pressure me about getting a job since I had
decided on my own not to continue school.  I was sitting in the den reading
when the phone range.  I heard mom answer the phone.  She called me and said it
was for me.  I picked up the receiver from mom and said hello.  I almost leaped
out of my skin when the man on the other end of the phone said I was accepted.
He told me I would have to Toronto for psychiatric testing to decide what was
best suited for me.
At that time the Canadian Armed forces were divided into elements rather then
Army, Navy and Air Force.  Instead it was Land, Air and Sea elements.
	I told my parents Don would be in Toronto a few days and I would be
visiting.  The next day I packed up went to London by bus again.  I went to the
office. I was given a train ticket to Toronto, told to look for a man in
uniform holding a sign reading Barry.  He would hold up a sign saying Barry.  I
would go with him and he would drive me to the military centre for tests.  I
arrived at just past eleven in the morning.  I saw a tall man in a military
uniform holding up a sign with Barry written on it.  I followed him to a near
by parking lot.  We got in his Jeep and we soon were speeding down the
highway.  At long last we reached a base.  I followed him and was introduced to
another military men that would be conduction my tests. I was given a lot of
Math, English and test putting together blocks as well as a complete physical.
I finished at noon for lunch and was back for the rest of the afternoon doing
more tests.  At long last at four I was told I was finished for the day. I was
shown a small room I would be spending the night. There was only a bed, night
stand and closet.  I didn't unpack my suitcase but went straight to the
cafeteria I for supper and then to my room.
I read awhile and then put on my pajamas and went to bed.  I was asleep in no
time at all.  The next thing I was woken by a loud knock at my door.  At the
door was a soldier who told me after I showered and dressed I was to go
straight to the cafeteria.  I got up went down the hall to a large shower room.
I quickly showered, shaved, and brushed my teeth before dressing in my room to
go to the cafeteria.  Following breakfast I was led back to the testing room
for yet more tests.  I finished all the testing by noon and was told I would be
given a ride to the train station and also I would receive a phone call in a
few days telling me what do next.
The next few days were nerve racking as I waited for the phone to ring.  At
long last the phone rang and it was the military.  I would be on my way to
Cornwallis in a week for Basic Training and after Basic Training I would be
beginning my training as a Medic.  The first thing I did was to tell my mother
and father I was joining the armed forces and was off to basic training in a
week.  My mother was upset but knew she had no say because I was eighteen and
so legal age.  Dad and Mom had plans for the week but would be back in time
before I left for Cornwallis.  My best friend and his brothers were away
getting ready to start University.  So that left me alone for an entire week to
pack and get ready to go to Cornwallis and basic training.
Barry  barry97@telus.com