Air Force Fun 10: My Final Duty Station (Chapter 1)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
MY FINAL DUTY STATION
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
WritHot@comcast.net
.
I also have 5 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home 		(Military)
A Brady Bunch 				(Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers 			(Beginnings)
Brother v. Brother  			(History, Incest, Interracial)
Geostrobe					(Science Fiction, Celebrity)
Good Things...Small Packages	(Young Friends)
The Man I Became			(Adult/Youth)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
For a month I spent time at home and got to see everyone including my grandparents.  But all good things must come to an end and I had to report to Shaw AFB and my dad drove me there.  As we passed through the main gate, I got directions to the 682
nd
ASOC Squadron, upon which we drove there.
"You're way out of the way."  my dad said.
"That's the truth."  I responded.  "When we were here before, at least you were on the base."
We laughed and my dad pulled up to the outer gate where the squadron was.  I saw a series of deuce-and-a-half (2.5 ton trucks), trailers, pick-ups, and jeeps.  I saw a senior airman and asked where the admin building was.  He pointed to a quonset hut next to the fenced area and I went there.  I entered and identified myself, upon which I met MSgt. Thomas Cook, who was the squadron first sergeant.  I handed him my paperwork and we went to his office.  My dad sat down after I introduced him.  MSgt. Cook explained the unit's function as the telecommunications for the aircraft and support units in the field.  Most of the personnel were in electronics, with some mechanics for the trucks, and four supply people.  MSgt. Cook, picked up his phone and called the supply office.  A few minutes later a knock came at the door and a black male entered with sergeant stripes on his sleeves.
"Gregory Johnson."  the first sergeant said.  "Ed Sookikian."
We shook hands and MSgt. Cook said he wanted Sgt. Johnson to introduce me to the supply unit.  He handed me a key to my barracks room and Greg and I left.  I introduced Greg to my dad, got my bags from the van, and said good-bye to my father.  I followed Greg to the first building in the fenced area and I met four of the mechanics.  We went through an entrance and there were two desks, a door as you face forward, and a doorway to the left.  We turned left and I met SSgt. Buddy Fowler and MSgt. Richard Brown.  Buddy was about 30, short and stock.  He was a very funny and nice guy who made people laugh, though if you crossed him, watch out.  MSgt. Brown was a lifer who had one problem, he loved to drink during lunch and sleep the afternoon away.  I was a given a quick tour and an idea of my job, which caused me to laugh.  For two years I got calls  in supply, now I was on the calling end.  I was also given the job to update manuals when they come in and keep account of our monies.  Somehow I have an aptitude towards numbers and I usually had the job in England to account for every squadrons' accounts at the end of the fiscal year.  Here was easier - one squadron and spend the monies before September 30
th.
After the tour, Greg drove me over to the barracks and I found my room.  Greg explained that I did not have to report for a week, since my week would be filled with in-processing.  He headed back to work and I unpacked my belongings, then called to have my stuff delivered to the barracks.  Once that was finished, I went to find the mess hall.  What I did not expect was that I would be paying for meals.  Shaw AFB was one of the first bases to try this as an experiment.  After I processed in, I readied myself for work.
I learned the routine.  Our schedule was usually from 0700-1700 hours, with some exceptions.  We would order supplies, signed for them, and made sure they got to where they had to be.  Occasionally, we were required to deliver RT units to the shops for repairs.  Another part of my job was to schedule our squadron's personnel for a week long supply school, so that they would have the basics of supply.
In April 1979, I was scheduled with Greg to go to Fort Bragg, NC for a TDY.  We went with 10 others from our squadron to support the two reserve units from New York State.  Now my personal opinion is that
weekend warriors
have no idea what the military is unless they were on full-time active duty for 4 years prior becoming a reservists.  That's why I think George W. Bush is a pussy for opting for National Guard duty during Vietnam.  My dad was in the military during Vietnam, so what makes Bush better than the people I knew growing up.  Okay enough preaching and editorials.  We arrived at Bragg on a Sunday and we set up our tent, and the
comm
guys began stringing lines for the phones, including on to our tent.
The army began setting up almost afterwards and I just happened to wander around when they were doing this.  I met Tim Brooks, a corporal, and Mac Williams, the mess sergeant.  I offered to help set up and we became friends.  Tim was 6'2" and weighed about 175 pounds.  He had brown hair and the hottest brown eyes.  I found out he was 19, so we were close in age.  Mac was about 35, 5'10", a solid 165 pounds, blonde hair, and steely gray eyes.  A couple of hotties, but I know better than to try something with them.  They thanked me and made sure our guys got the best food as their people were going to get: steak, chicken, etc.  The reservists basically subsisted on K-rations.  We also met our reserve unit from White Plains that was to be the supply unit.  Greg and I set them up and basically ran their supply.  We were next to the communications tent for easy access.
One night I decided to wander around and I passed the mess area and I heard some noise.  Well since it was well after dinner, I decided to investigate.  The noise was coming from one of the tents and I recognized the sound - hot heavy sex.
"Oh yeah fuck me!!"  I heard Tim say.
"Yeah baby."  Mac's voice resounded.  "Take this dick."
I got hard immediately and slipped the flap open quietly.  I saw by the light of a lantern Tim on his back and his legs pulled back.  I saw Mac pushing his pole in and out of the hot hole on the cot.  I was rubbing my cock through my pants and knew it was not or never.
"Is this a private party?"  I asked wryly.  "Or can anyone join in?"
Tim and Mac looked like two deer in the headlights.  They froze and wondered what to do.  I approached and smiled.  They saw the bulge of my 6" and began to relax.
"So guys, can we make this a threesome?"  I asked as I removed my shirt.
I saw Tim's hard uncut dick at its full 7", not too thick, but not too skinny.  Mac pulled out of Tim's smooth hole and revealed a very thick 7" cut dick.  I laid my three biggest fingers across the top of the dick and it still extended on both sides by .5".  These two soldiers stripped me down, then Mac ordered Tim on his knees.  He slipped his dick in the hole and Tim pulled me to his mouth and the teen soldier swallowed my cock all the way.  I began to face fuck him, while Mac deep-dicked the ass.  I leaned in and began kissing Mac.  The groans and moans were muffled and we kept going until I could not hold back and I blasted several loads of cum into Tim's mouth.  Mac followed almost immediately as he unloaded 10 shots of man cream into Tim.  Tim had released my dick and Mac pulled out.  Tim laid on his back and I got to see both men finally.  Mac had thick hair on his chest and arms.  He also had an eagle on his right arm and he was solidly built.  Tim was very smooth, except around his dick and a treasure trail from his navel.
"So how long have you guys been together?"  I asked.
"Since Tim arrived in the unit two years ago."  Mac said.  "He's one hot guy and I guess you can say we're in love.  So what about you?"
I told them about England and my week coming home.  I also noticed Tim had not cum so I decided to enjoy fresh meat.  I hovered my ass at Mac and spread my cheeks.  Mac reamed my ass with great relish and I loved the feeling of his hot tongue in me.  Tim looked with the assumption that Mac was going to fuck me.  After Mac finished, I spread my legs wide to straddle the cot.  Mac grabbed Tim's cock and guided me to it.  I lowered myself slowly so Tim could enjoy it.  The look of surprise crossed is face and I smiled when my ass bottomed out.  Obviously Tim had been a bottom all his gay life, so this was a treat.  I began to slowly fuck his pole which caused him to moan loudly.  Mac took care of that by stuffing his rod in Tim's mouth.  Mac also swallowed my cock entirely and allowed  my motion to fuck his mouth and for me to be fucked.  For almost half-an-hour, I loved the feeling, but all good things must come to a climatic end.  Tim was the first as he spewed hot jizz deep into my bowels.  I followed close behind with a nice load into Mac's mouth and Tim was rewarded with Mac's protein drink.  I slipped off Tim's softening dick and I began to dress.
"Come back tomorrow night."  Tim said.
"I will."  I responded.  "But I have some night shifts while I'm here."
We kissed as I headed back to my tent.  I slipped in quietly and everyone was asleep except Greg.
"Where the fuck were you?"  he asked.
"Just walking around."  I said.
"For 2 hours?"  Greg questioned.
"I ran into a couple of guys from the mess tent."  I replied.  "We talked a little while."
"You got the duty in the morning."  Greg said.  "And that asshole supply sergeant said don't be late."
"Fuck him."  I said.
I fell asleep and woke up at 0600.  I went to the shower tent, got ready for the day, and headed to the supply tent.  I walked in and MSgt. Andrews was there.  I met the man briefly and he said that only his reserve unit was to get any of their K-rations.  I told him no problem.  He left and I sat in this tent getting bored out of my mind.  I did bring some books, but you can only read only so many.  We had a radio, but in the woods, the reception was only so-so.  The days passed without any major incidents, but a couple of minor ones.
The first one involved the phones.  As I mentioned, we had a field phone in our tent.  Well the fort's commander came out for an inspection and he was checking where the lines went.  Well the phone rang in our tent and one of the
comm
guys answered it.
"Abortion clinic."  he said.  "You make `em, we scrap `em.  No fetus can beat us."
Well all the guys in the tent were listening intently to this conversation.  Barry, the guy who answered the phone, got ugly then.
"Who the fuck is this?"  he asked angrily.
He then almost went white and slammed the receiver down.  We looked at each other and wondered what was going on.  Barry finally recovered, then began to laugh.
"That was a general on the phone."  he said.  "I just cussed out a general."
We panicked because we were expecting the MPs to be storming in the tent, but Barry was still laughing.  Well no Mps came and a few hours later, Mike, who was operating the board, came in and looked at Barry.
"Listen asshole."  Mike said.  "The general is looking for the idiot who cussed at him."
"But he doesn't know where the line leads does he."  Barry responded.
"No, but he's bringing some guys out tomorrow to see where the line leads."  Mike said.
"So we disconnect the line."  Barry said, which he did.
In less than an hour, the phone was down and the line secured.  We were ready to kill Barry, but kind of admired his
chutzpah
too.
The next incident involved a reserve captain, me, and the K-rations.  As I explained the White Plains group did not like the other reservists.  So one afternoon the captain came in and demanded 6 boxes of K-rations.  I asked which unit he was with.  When he said he was not with the White Plains unit, I refused.  He ordered me to issue them and I said to see the master sergeant from White Plains about the K-rations.
"Are you refusing to issue them?"  he asked very snotty.
"Yes Captain, I am."  I responded.
"You will call me sir."  he ordered.
"Actually, it's my option."  I said and quoted the regulations on how to address an officer.
"Who's your commanding officer?"  he asked.
"Lt. Colonel Glenn."  I replied.  "682
nd
ASOC Shaw AFB.  Wanna talk with him?"
I took the asshole over to the communications tent and Barry was working.  I had him patch a call to the squadron and I got my commander on the line.  I explained the situation and Lt. Colonel Glenn asked to speak to the captain.  I handed the phone to the asshole and from the gist of the conversation, regular Air Force was giving the reservist the riot act in no uncertain terms.  He handed the phone back to me.
"Ed, just follow the orders you're given."  Lt. Colonel Glenn said.
"Yes sir."  I responded and ended the call.
I went back to the supply tent and the captain became a very humble person.
"How am I supposed to feed my men?"  he asked.
"Like I said find the MSgt. who is in charge here and get his okay."  I responded.  "Good day Captain."
Now Tim, Mac, and I got together almost every night with the exception of the three nights when I had the night shift.  I did get Mac's thick slab of meat in my ass, and I might say it was a full load.  I had been fucked before, but this was one huge cock.
On the last night, we got together and there was not one hole that was not filled on anyone's body.  Mac even received Tim's dick in his ass for the first time.  We were full and happy when we parted.  I still hear from these guys.  Tim stayed in for eight years and Mac retired after 20.  They moved to upstate New York where they still live together.  They actually adopted a 16 year old who is gay and they came down to Charleston.  Though Mac developed a slight paunch and Tim lost some hair, they were still hot.  Their son, Jason, is a good kid, and I hear from him on how he's doing in school.
The remainder of my Air Force service was very uneventful.  I went on one other TDY to Florida that had two events that were funny when I think about them.
The first involved a field hospital.  The day before, we were playing football and as I went up for a pass.  The ball bent my fingers back and at the time I did not think about them.  My fingers turned black and blue over night and so I went on sick call the following morning.  When I got there, half the staff was in hysterics.  It seemed that during the night stupidity took a turn to the funny.  There was a MP patrolling with his dog.  Now the army at this time taught its K-9 corps that when the dog was released, it went for the groin area.  The dog would clamp down hard enough to immobilize but not to do damage.  Also it would not release until the handler told the dog to do so.  Well a moron wandered up to the MP and chatted with him.  All of a sudden the idiot slammed the butt of his M-16 into the side of the head of the MP.  Well when the MP hit the ground, the dog lunged.  Three guys found them a few hours later, MP still out and the dog was still attached to the soldier's groin.  When I arrived at the hospital tent, the MP was still out and the fool sounded like the Fly.  For all you movie buffs, I am referring to the 1958 version with Vincent Price.
"Help Me!!"  the dim-witted soldier was whimpering.  "Heeelp Meeee!"
Even in my pain, I was laughing myself sick.  It was a sight to see with the doctors trying to revive the MP and the guy with a dog attached to him.  I was x-rayed and splinted, then went back to the squadron where I relayed that I saw.
The other incident involved a trip to get boxed lunches at midnight.  I was assigned to the third shift during the TDY.  We got 4 boxed lunches and the truck arrived at midnight.  I went to retrieve them and as soon as my hands were full, some guy popped up and stuck the muzzle of an M-16 in my left nostril, which did not feel good...DUH!
"Who are you?"  he demanded.
I gave my name, rank, and serial number, which did not placate this guy.
"What are you doing here?"  he said.
"What do you think asshole?"  I responded, with false bravado.
The guy in the truck then pulled a pistol and pointed it at the other guy with the M-16.  What do you expect during war games?
"Okay guys."  I said.  "Let's calm down."
"Put down your weapon."  the driver said.
"He doesn't know the password."  the M-16 holder said.
"You never asked."  the driver and I said simultaneously.
I gave the password and the soldier finally lowered his weapon.  I just glared at him and returned to the
comm
truck.
My last three months was on honor guard duty.  Shaw AFB had a permanent guard unit which each squadron sent someone for six weeks or more.  We did funerals, parades, and other ceremonies as needed.  We did learn the manual of arms and fancy drills.  We also did crash recovery duty.  There was one hot guy named Chris who I did get lucky with on a road trip.  We went to Asheville, NC for a funeral Super Bowl weekend.  We stayed at the Holiday Inn that Sunday.  Chris and I were roommates.  Chris was 6'4" and 170 pounds.  Though he was not bulky, he had nice definition.  We got to the room and we got settled in to watch the Super Bowl - Steelers v. Rams.  Chris stripped to take a shower and he had a smooth chest.  He dropped his briefs and showed a nice ass with minimal hair.  I saw the pucker wink at me and it was all I could not to jump the guy.  I knew Chris had a girlfriend but there was trouble between them.  Chris took a quick shower and came out with a towel wrapped around his waist.  He took off the towel and his uncut cock popped out.  Chris put on a some briefs and laid on his bed.  I took a cold shower, which for January was stupid, but my cock was standing tall.  I finished and walked out with a towel around me.  Chris was on the phone and he was visibly upset.  I tried not to listen and got dressed in a pair of briefs and shorts.  I laid on the bed and closed my eyes until I heard the phone slam.  I jerked up and Chris had his head lowered.
"What's the matter?"  I asked.
"Nothing."  he responded.
"Chris, it's easier to talk with someone."  I told him.
"Pam broke up with me."  he said with venom in his voice.
"She said she wanted a real man."  Chris said.
"Huh?"  I asked.  "What does she think you are, a flat chested woman?"
Chris could not speak.  He was afraid of what anyone would say about his inability to
rise to the occasion
.  I looked at him intently and we sat the several minutes with an awkward silence.  I finally said something that helped.
"Listen, I will act like a priest."  I said.  "Nothing leaves this room, okay?  Besides, I'm the oldest of five kids and my brothers and sisters have told me things my parents still don't know."
"Okay."  he said quietly after several minutes.  "I think I'm a fucking faggot."
"What makes you think that?"  I asked incredulously.
"I only get hard thinking about guys."  Chris said.  "I don't know why."
"Probably because you're just wondering."  I said.  "You haven't had sex with a guy have you?"
"NO!!"  he said emphatically.  "They would kick me out."
"Chris, what we say stays here.  Right?"  I said.
"Yeah."  he said.  "Why?"
"Because I'm gay."  I told him.
I proceeded to tell him about England and Fort Bragg, but omitted names to protect friends.  It was none of his business no matter what happened to me.
"No fucking way!"  he responded.
"Chris, we can try something."  I said.  "I test your belief of your sexuality.  If you truly enjoy it, your gay.  If it's because of some fantasy, then you're not or you're just bisexual."
"How do you propose this?"  Chris asked.
I moved to his bed and pushed him back.  I yanked his briefs down and began to fondle his dick.  Chris began to get hard fast.  He had a nice 6.5" cock and his foreskin covered just part of the head.  I swallowed the sweet dick and elicited a moan from him.  I moved up and down on his cock for several minutes.  I licked his balls, which were low hanging and large.  I sucked on them one at a time and enjoyed it.  I stopped and got a bottle of hand lotion from my bag.  I looked at the contented look on Chris' face.
"So what do you think?"  I asked.
"Shit Pam never did that."  he responded.  "Now what?"
"This."  I said as I applied lotion to his dick and my ass.
The cold caught him by surprise, but his dick softened minutely.  I removed my shorts and briefs and my hard 6" sprung out.  I then straddled his body and put his cock at my hole.  I slowly slid on the pole and allowed Chris to feel the tightness and warmth of a man's ass.  Chris moaned and thrashed on the bed.
"God!"  he cried out.  "That's so hot!"
I began to slowly ride his cock.  As I rode it, Chris pushed more of his body into me.  I leaned down and began to play with his nips and Chris moaned and bucked under me.  I then tried to kiss him, but he refused.
"What the hell are you doing?"  he said disbelievingly.
"Well I tried to prove a point."  I said.  "You're not gay.  You maybe bi, but definitely not gay."
"Are you sure?"  he asked.
"Yep."  I replied.  "You won't kiss.  You probably won't suck a dick and definitely won't be fucked, right?"
"Definitely won't be fucked."  he said.  "But I'll try to suck your cock."
"Chris, you don't have to."  I told him.
"I want to try."  he said.
"Okay."  I said.  "But first."
I rode his dick hard and Chris loved the feeling of the man's hole.  I know he was close because his breathing was short and sporadic.  His eyes clamped shut and his head shot back hard.
"FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKK!!!"  he cried out.
His dick blew his huge load deep into my bowels.  His eyes opened, but there was a zombie-like quality to them.  I enjoyed the feeling in my ass and Chris finally came down from his climatic high.  His dick softened in my ass and I got off.  I then licked the last of the cum off his cock.  Chris looked at me with a weak smile and I was ready to get up.  He grabbed my wrist and pulled me down.
"I owe you this."  he said and licked the tip of my dick.  He tasted my precum and was not put off.  Chris began to lick around the head, then the shaft.  He tentatively put the head in his mouth.  His teeth began to scrape and I stopped him.
"Try and put your lips over your teeth."  I said.  "And take it slowly."
Chris did as I said and took it slowly.  He began to slowly to take my dick  and actually got to the bush.  He kept working on my dick and became quite good at it.  I was getting close, so I warned him.
"Chris, I'm gonna shoot."  I said.
I think Chris wanted to see what cum tasted like so as my first volley hit his throat, he gagged.  He pulled off my cock disgorged all over my body.  As the last drops came out, I began to relax.  Chris began to lick the jizz off my body.  He did like the taste, but I guess the initial shock of the blast of cum scared him.  When Chris finished he reclined beside me.
"I guess you're right."  he said.  "I'm definitely bi.  But this stays here."
"Like I said, what was said and done here stays here."  I said.  "And if you want to get together we can."
"We'll see."  Chris said.  "And thanks."
We watched the Super Bowl and performed the funeral.  My last three months were fun doing honor guard detail.  Chris and I did get together a few more times and he became a better cocksucker.  Chris calls every so often and he told me that he does get together with other guys, but did get married.  I took my two months of leave that I accrued and processed out of the Air Force.  Though it was fun and I think of it fondly, I had to move on with my life.  I took my GI Bill and got my degree in education.  Most of the guys I knew were and still are the best friends I ever knew.  I hope that people who go into the military get to know people as friends, no matter what branch of the military you go into.
THE END.
NOTE:  I am sorry it has taken so long to post this chapter.  My finger is still broken and trying to type is a real pain in the ass.  This is the last chapter of this story line.  I want to thank those who have read the story and written me.  The emails that I have received have been positive with constructive criticism.  I hope that you continue to read the other stories that I have on Nifty.  One part of this story is that AIDS is still prevalent in our society.  Too many people have died from diseases because of this virus.  In the seventies there were no worries about protection, but now it is more imperative that we protect ourselves, not just gay but straight as well.  Please make sure that what ever you do, be safe.  Enough preaching now.  I do love to get emails from the readers.  If you have any responses, good or bad, please write me at
WritHot@comcast.net
.  When you write, please tell me which story you are enjoying.  With 7 stories in Nifty, I need to know which ones to work further.

---

Air Force Fun 9: The Trip Home (Chapter 2)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
THE TRIP HOME
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
WritHot@aol.com
.
I also have 5 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home 		(Military)
A Brady Bunch 				(Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers 			(Beginnings)
Brother v. Brother  			(History, Incest, Interracial)
Geostrobe					(Science Fiction, Celebrity)
Good Things...Small Packages	(Young Friends)
The Man I Became			(Adult/Youth)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
As we flew into New Jersey, it was almost midnight and we were to go through customs.  Now I had been up for almost 20 hours.  I had never been able to sleep on a plane.  We went through customs and I had 8 hours to kill in the airport, since my flight from Philadelphia was not until 0830 hours.  I watched television and tried to find things to do.
I finally headed to Philadelphia, so I could go to Denver.  I had planned a trip to Denver, San Antonio, and Little Rock.  My reasoning was to enjoy the bases that I had been to for basic training and tech school.  Little Rock was the exception because I had friends that I made in England, who were at my former base on a TDY.
As we flew from Philadelphia, I stopped briefly in Chicago to change planes.  This did allow me to call my uncle and his family while I was there.  We got on the next plane and winged to Denver with a surprise on our arrival - snowstorm.  We flew into heavy snowfall and, even though I had lived in snow, I had never flown in it.  But we landed safely and I got a cab to Lowry AFB.  I got to VAQ (visiting airmen's quarters) and got myself situated in my room.  I did get something to eat and relaxed.  Since I had been up for over 39 hours, I finally laid down and slept until 0800.  I got up and explored the base for three days.  Well with the snow, it was hard to do anything except look and use the base facilities.
Three days later I was on my way to San Antonio and Lackland AFB (or Happy Valley).  As I arrived, I went to the base and stayed at VAQ again.  I went to the squadron area when I was in basic training two years earlier.  There was a mini-commissary and it also had a pinball machine which I began to play.  After a few minutes, a recruit came up to me, but he was out of uniform.  We began talking and played some games.
"Hi, my name is Ed."  I said to him.
"Jason."  he replied.
After several games, we headed back to my room.  We sat and I found out his story.  He was being discharged due to flat feet.  How he passed the physical I do not know, but now he would be out on a medical.
"So where have you been?"  he asked.
"I just got back from England."  I told him.
"So what is it like to go overseas?"  he queried.
I told what England and Europe was like.  I described the people and how they treated Americans.  I said that it was great and that I made great friends with the people I worked with at Mildenhall.  As I remembered Tom, my dick came to life.  Jason noticed this and smiled.  I tried to change the topic.
"So did you want to stay in the Air Force?"  I asked.
"Not really."  he said.  "I would have opted out because I'm not military material."
For those who did not know, when I was in the Air Force, one was able to opt out after five days if the military was not for them.  Most TIs would say that you used drugs, especially LSD.
"How come?"  I asked him.
"You see, I'm gay."  Jason replied, smiling at me.
I gulped as I saw him approached me.  He had a monstrous bulge pushing out.  Now Jason was cute.  He was only 5'6" and maybe 140 pounds.  From what I could tell, he seemed to be blonde, but it is hard to tell with basic training cuts, and steel gray eyes.  He leaned in and began kissing me hard.  His tongue pushed its way into my mouth.  We tangled on the bed and I felt his hard cock pushing against me.  We broke and I looked at him.
"How did you know?"  I asked.
"Come on."  he said.  "You're harder than anything and it wasn't from a girl."
We began taking our clothes off and he was hot for my chest.  He loved hairy men, especially running his fingers through it.  As we removed our pants and briefs, my jaw dropped.  I saw a hard 9" beer can thick rod on Jason.  Against his frame it looked truly unnatural.  My 6" seemed small, but I knew he would want it.  We climbed into a 69 position and I began to move onto the rod.  It stretched my mouth to fullness and I tasted his sweet nectar on my tongue.  His huge balls danced in my hand.  Jason swallowed my rod whole and began fingering my ass.  I returned the favor by running my middle finger into his hole, causing him to squirm.  The more I pushed, the more nectar flowed into my mouth.  The one thing I knew was that I wanted that dick in me.  I reached over to the nightstand and got a bottle of hand lotion that I picked up.  I began to apply the lotion to Jason's cock.  His head jerked up, scraping his teeth on my rod.  He saw I was putting the lotion on him.  I then handed the bottle to him and he swathed my hole with lotion.  I lifted my legs to my chest and exposing my hole.  Jason put the massive dick to me and pushed into my being.  A mixture of pain and ecstasy sweep through my body.  The pain caused my muscles to tighten around his cock.  Jason began to play with my nipples and I then relaxed.  He began to move slowly in and out until I felt his huge nut sac on my ass.  I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him into me.  Jason leaned in and kissed me as his battering ram plowed my ass.  I never felt as hard in my life as he fucked my hole.  I wanted more of him in me and continued to pull him into me.  We fondled and fucked for almost an hour until I felt him expand in my ass.  I saw his eyes roll back and felt him shudder and emit a grunt.  I felt the first shot pound into me, hitting my prostate, which caused me to shoot without touching my rod.  We shot load after load until we both passed out.  After 30 minutes, I woke up and felt an emptiness.  Jason was still on me and began to stir.  I kissed him and stroked his back.
"So how do you feel?"  I asked.
"That was so hot."  he replied.  "I never knew that was going to be like that."
"You're a virgin?"  I asked in disbelief.
"Was."  he said, shaking his head.
Jason explained he came from a small town in Nebraska.  He said there was maybe 200 people who lived there and he lived on a farm with his parents and two sisters.  Jason continued that his parents were very conservative and staunch Baptists.  His sisters were older than he was and he felt out of place.  His school was the proverbial little red school.  Jason said he knew he was gay, but dated a girl from his church, but she was a show piece.  The good thing was she was so virginal, she did not believe in kissing unless married.  Jason knew he had to get out of there and saw the opportunity when a recruiter came to his school.  He immediately signed up and was on his way to San Antonio.  When he arrived, he realized his mistake, knowing he was not military material.  As he went through his physical, the doctors finally noticed his feet and gave him a medical discharge.  He was getting his final paperwork to leave and said his bus would be departing the next day.  Jason said he was not going back to Nebraska, but heading to New York.
We laid in bed for another hour, stroking each other and bringing ourselves to full hardness.  I was ready to take that monster again until Jason shocked me with his statement.
"Let me feel you in me."  he said, with a longing look on his face.
"Are you sure?"  I responded.  "It'll hurt."
"I have to know what it feels like."  he replied.
I had him lay on his stomach and looked at his smooth ass.  I put a pillow under his pelvis and spread his cheeks.  I figured if we were going to do this, I would give him the full treatment.  I began tickling his rosebud with my tongue.  I felt his entire body shake with the first touch of my tongue.  I bathed the sweet, musky hole and began to prod in further.  Jason opened wide and I began to tongue fuck him.  This elicited moans of pleasure and I made sure his orifice was nice and moist.  I took some lotion and applied it to his hole and inserted my finger again.  Jason pushed back until I had my entire finger was in his ass.  I began to play with the major button.  Jason began to buck and moan loudly.  I then inserted a second finger and this brought a more intense response from him.  By the time I had three fingers fucking his ass, I knew this boy was a future cock slut.  I then applied more lotion to his rectum and on my hard, leaking pole.  I put the head to his manpussy and pushed, but was met with some resistance.
"Push like you're taking a dump."  I said.
Jason did and the head popped in, causing Jason pain.  He was so tight that when his muscles clamped, it felt as if my cock was going to be severed.  I did not move a muscle, fearing I would lose my most important appendage.  After several minutes, Jason began to relax and I pushed slowly into his canal.  I would stop so he could adjust to me.  I began to slowly pull back then push forward, moving my dick into Jason until my entire dick was in him.  I began kissing his neck and tonguing his ear, which drove Jason crazy.  I began to slowly to move in and out of his ass, making sure to grind deep into him.  Jason began to buck violently, as if he were cumming.  I began fucking him harder.  I pulled him to his knees and grabbed his hips, forcing him to take my dick.
"Fuck me harder."  he cried out.  "Fuck me!"
As I rammed harder and harder, I knew I would be shooting my load soon.  I knew that I wanted to make him cum with me.  I reached for his dick and felt it slick with cum.  Jason had shot and was still hard.  I stroked his hot 9" and fucked him until I felt his dick swell again.  As his first volley erupted, my dick blew its cork at the same time.  We both came until I finally collapsed on Jason.  We kissed and held each other for about an hour until Jason had to head back to his barracks.  As he dressed I gave him my address and told him to write me.  We kissed for a while and he left.  We did correspond for quite a while.  He did get to New York, then to Los Angeles.  He did utilize his main asset in porn movies.  The last I saw him was at his funeral after he died of AIDS.  His parents disowned him and the only people were his friends that accepted him for who he was.  I still remember what a sweet guy he was who deserved wonderful people in his life.
The next day I went to visit my sister's godparents and family.  The last time I saw them was when I was six and we moved to California.  I do remember their three boys when we stayed a week with them.  They were 10, 8, and 5 when I was 6 and now they were very good looking guys.
I was picked up and went to their house.  We had dinner and chatted about what was happening at home.  I told them about my brother going in the Navy and their goddaughter graduating from high school.  They told me what was happening with them and Larry wanted to show me around town.  Larry was the youngest of the three boys and we headed to San Antonio.  We pulled into a parking lot and he showed me to a door.  As he opened it, I saw a bar and hear a jukebox blaring disco music.  As we went to the bar we ordered a couple of beers.  I finally noticed it was a gay bar.  There were only guys in the establishment, some dancing, some kissing, and I saw a couple stroking each other discreetly.  There were a couple of Larry's friends there and they came over.  We shook hands as Larry made the introductions.
"Ed, this is Brian and this is Calvin."  he said.  "Guys this is a friend of my family Ed."
Now I better describe this trio.  Larry stood 5'10" and weighed 175 pounds on a nice muscular frame.  Brian stood 6'5" and was 250 pounds of solid beef.  Calvin, who was black, stood 6'3" and was 165 pounds.  I learned they were in the same class and learned about each other.  They said they would get together on the weekends and learned to be themselves.  All three were going to college and get together at the bar several times during the week.
"So this is the asshole that made you late."  Brian said, assuming I would not retaliate.
The one thing I need to explain about myself is I was an outstanding student in school and I learned about pressure points on the body.  The one big mistake was Brian stood with is legs apart, so one swift kick brought him to his knees quickly.  Before anyone could move, I was on his back and pushing my thumbs behind his ears, just above the jaw.  (FYI: This does work, so if you can drop someone with a low blow, try it.  The will cry like a baby.)  Brian began to yell in pain and tried to stand up, but the more he tried, the more pressure I applied.
"Now bitch, who's an asshole?"  I demanded.
Brian was in tears and wanted to get up, but I wanted to hear him say that he was an asshole.  I repeated my statement using more pressure.  Brian did not want to say it, but I was totally unrelenting.  Larry and Calvin tried to pull me off, but I held fast.
"Back off."  I said.  "This mother is gonna say it or he's gonna wish he had."
Brian finally relented knowing I was not going to let him up until he said he was an asshole.  It turned out Brian was a submissive slut who loved pain.  As I let him up, he glared at me, but his cock told a different story.  He was leaking so much precum that it created a huge stain on his jeans.
"So what are we gonna do?"  I asked.
We left and headed to Calvin and Brian's apartment.  As we got in, Larry and Calvin headed for the bed in Calvin's room.  Brian and I sat in the living room to talk.  I could see his face was a mix of emotions.  Everyone seemed to fear him but I was the few who would not take his attitude.
"So what do you do?"  he asked me.
"I'm in the Air Force."  I replied.  "I'm just on leave between duty stations.  I'm heading home."
"Where's that?"  he queried.
"South Carolina."  I said.  "My family is in Columbia, but I'm heading to Shaw AFB."
"Tell me, why did you react the way you did?"  he asked.
"Well let's say in my family, no one ever called me names."  I replied.  "I'm the oldest and I held respect in my family."
We could hear Calvin and Larry bouncing the bed.  I knew Larry was truly getting fucked hard and he loved it.  Brian was a nice guy so I leaned in and began to kiss him.  He felt my forcefulness and responded by opening his mouth to me.  Our tongues dueled and out dicks pressed against our jeans.  Brian led me to his room and we undressed.  This was a very well-built and hairy guy.  Brian told me the kids used to call him Bigfoot because of the hair on him.  He did not feel bad when he saw the hair on my body.  Though I was not as hairy as he was, I am quite hairy all over.  As we finally dropped our briefs, Brian put his hands in front of him.  I looked at him with curiosity and he finally put his hands at his side revealing a 3.5" hard cock.  I just smiled as I dropped in front of him and swallowed him.  Within 30 seconds he spurted a nice, sweet load into my mouth.  After Brian finally stopped he collapsed on his bed and cried.  I laid beside him and asked what was the matter.
"No one ever did that."  he sobbed.  "I've been teased about my dick and felt so puny.  That's why I built my body to fight people."
I held him softly and he returned my kisses.  He began to lick down my body, bathing me in spit.  I loved how he made me feel and worked around my rod and nut sac.  When he enveloped my 6", I was squirming all over the bed.  Brian turned and I saw his hot, steamy, hairy hole, and I dove in with gusto.  My tongue pried into his chute and I tongue-fucked him long, knowing he wanted to be fucked.  Brian got off me and got on all fours, as he wiggled his ass.  I placed my dick at his hole and pushed in all the way into his body.  I began to move in and out of Brian, who manipulated his hole quite well.  I reached around and found his nipples and played with them hard.  Brian seemed to enjoy it.  With his moving his ass, I was ready to unload my seed deep in him.
"Cream in my pussy."  he said, begging.
The feeling was welling up from my balls through my rod.  Brian was a very willing cum slut and wanted me to unload heavily into him.  The more I tweaked and twisted is nipples, the more he squeezed my rod with his ass muscles.  My mind exploded, as well as my cock, which released a torrent of cum deep into Brian's bowels.  My mind went blank and by the time I became aware of my surroundings, Brian was on his side and looking at me smiling.
I noticed my rode was nice and clean.  I also noticed Brian's face looked like the Cheshire Cat from
Alice in Wonderland
.  I also noticed a hard dick leaking precum all over a hairy groin, so I decided to give Brian a real treat.  I rolled him on his back and kissed him with a passion.  I then worked down his body, lightly biting his nips, which caused Brian to shudder with excitement.  I moved down to lick around his dick and balls, finally lapping around them.  I engulfed his dick and teased him with tender swirls of my tongue.  As he approached a climax, I moved my mouth off and squeezed the base until he eased down.  I then moved up and sat down on his rod.  Though he was not big, he was somewhat thick.  I moved up and down slowly on Brian, who churned as if he were in a psychotic fit.  I realized that I was literally his first piece of ass.  I rode his dick slowly and leaned in to play with his nipples.  I pulled and twisted them, making Brian to squirm.  I guess I played too much be I felt his rod swell and erupted a huge load into me.  Brian growled and groaned as he bucked up into me.  As he finally calmed down, we heard clapping at the door.  Larry and Calvin were standing there in all their glory.
"Well Brian, how was it?"  Calvin asked smiling.
"Awesome!"  the big man exclaimed.
"Are you sure you felt him?"  Larry said with a smirk.
"About as well as I would feel you."  I said, beginning to laugh.
Calvin and Brian laughed along, but Larry looked really pissed off.  I pulled him on the bed and began to suck his cock hard.  He reacted quickly in my mouth and I pulled off him.  Larry was only 5" and rather thin.  I pulled his foreskin over the head several times with my tongue.  Larry squirmed quite a bit with my oral copulation.  I rammed two fingers in his ass, feeling the huge load Calvin had deposited earlier.  I felt a tongue bathe my ass, licking the load that Brian deposited.  Just as quickly I felt a huge dick pierce my hole.  I felt the pain fill my body, then suddenly the pleasure filled my being.  I lifted my head and looked at Brian.  He smiled and held up all ten fingers, then one.  I was being fucked by a hard 11" black rod and he knew what he was doing.  I resumed my mouth work on Larry while I was getting royally fucked hard.  My dick was hard and leaking all over the bed until I felt Brian's mouth on my rod.  All four of us were sweating and the sex permeated the room.  As I worked on Larry dick and massaging his prostate, he was in overdrive.  I felt the first shot hit the back of my throat and more followed as I tried to drink it quickly.  Right after Larry shot, I began to unload into Brian's mouth and he drank it down like a thirsty man in the desert.  When I started to cum, my ass tightened hard on Calvin's anaconda.  This caused him to blast a huge load that oozed out of my ass.  We finally collapsed and Brian had to get himself from under Calvin and me.  Brian saw the cum oozing from my lips and ass and he lapped it up.  My fingers were still covered in Calvin's load from earlier, so I put them to Larry's mouth and he licked them clean.  I kissed Brian again with passion and knew I would miss him.  I finally had to get dressed.
"Well guys, time for me to go back to the base."  I  said.  "I have an early flight for Arkansas."
Larry dressed and we went back to his parents' house.  His parents wanted to know where we were and I told them that Larry showed me around and we met a couple of his friends.  We went to their place and just talked for a while.  Larry's dad drove me back to the base and just wanted me to say hi to my family.  I told him I would and went back to my room.  I still hear from all three of the guys and went to visit them a while back.  Larry met a girl and got married.  He had 3 boys and a girl, but his feelings made him realize he was gay and got a divorce.  His children loved their father and they did not care that he was gay.  This actually helped his youngest son who turned out to be gay.  Larry found a lover who he still lives with in Houston.  Calvin and Brian are still together after all these years.  Brian is still a bottom, but Calvin also loves to feel the dick that Brian sports.  Brian is still a magnificent specimen as he keeps his body up, however the hair on his head decided to head south.  He deserved true love and still has it.
I took a shower and went to bed after setting out my clothes for the morning.  I went to sleep and arose early to get the cab for the airport.  I flew into Little Rock, Arkansas and headed to the VAQ for a two night stay.  I proceeded to find my friends there.  I found the base directory and called Vickie at home.  With luck she was home and she told me how to get to her house on the base.  I got there in a few minutes and knocked on her door.  Vickie answered, we hugged, and she brought me into the living room.  We sat down and got caught up with what was happening.
"Well where's Don?"  I asked her.
She got a sad look on her face and shook her head..
"He's not the same person you know."  she said.  "He's gotten in with a bad bunch."
She explained that when they got back from the TDY, Don met a guy who had transferred in from the Lowry AFB supply tech school.  The guy was bad news from the start and got Don involved in some things he could go to prison.  Vickie asked if I could talk with Don and I said sure.  Vickie's husband came in and we shook hands.  Vickie told him that she was going to take me to the barracks to see Don.  All her husband said to me was to be careful.  We chatted on the way saying that I was heading home.  We pulled up to the barracks and I got out.  Vickie invited me over for dinner that night and I accepted.
I went to Don's room and knocked on the door.  He answered the door and he looked like hell.  When I first met him, he stood 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds with a good build.  The man I saw before me was a shell of my friend.  Don's eyes were red and he had lost quite a bit of weight.  He saw me and grunted for me to come in his room.
"What's up Don?"  I asked, trying to me nonchalant.
He just grunted and sat on his bunk.  He was wearing just a pair of boxers and looked like he was stoned.  I sat in a chair and could not believe what was before me.  I did smell the odor of pot and wondered what the hell he had gotten into and what I could do to help.
"So big man, what you been doing?"  I asked.
"Not much."  he replied.
"So what's this punk look?"  I said, trying to be funny.
"Suppose Vickie talked with you."  he said.
"Yeah, because she's worried."  I replied.  "And after seeing your ass, so am I.  Damn boy, you want to get busted for drugs?"
"Who gives a shit?"  Don asked.  "I really don't give a fuck."
"Man what happened?"  I asked in reply.  "Just tell me why you're like this."
Don explained when they got back, he met a guy named Mike Wilson.  It seemed that Mike introduced Don to marijuana and proceeded to rape Don the first time they were stoned.  Don's main problem was he loved being fucked, but felt so worthless because he felt it was wrong being gay.  After a while, he moved onto other drugs including heroin.  He just wanted to end it all, but was afraid to die.  He did not want to be gay, but could not hide his feelings.  He said that Mike basically pimped him out to some friends for drugs.  I just looked into Don's eyes with some pity.
"Listen, there's nothing wrong being gay."  I said.  "But here is something wrong with being used and abused."
"Well what the fuck I'm supposed to do?"  he asked woefully.
"When is the son-of-a-bitch gonna be here?"  I asked.
"In a couple of hours."  Don responded.
My mind worked quickly.  I figured that if anything, the moron would be carrying, so I set it up.  I went down the hall and called the security police to tell them about a possible drug buy in three hours.  I then called Vickie to pick us up and we dropped Don off at my room.  I then went to a local drug store and got a pair of latex gloves.  I went back to Don's room and waited.  Not know who this guy was, I was lucky to find a baseball bat in his room.  I heard a knock on the door and I stood behind the door.  I opened the door and a medium built red-head walked into the room the darkened room.  I had not turned on the lights and the blinds were drawn.
"Don?"  he queried.
I slammed the door and popped his leg with the bat.  He crumpled to the ground, yelling in pain.  I straddled his body and pushed the bat into the sternum.  I glared down at him, really wanting to beat the fuck out of him.
"Are you Mike Wilson?"  I asked in a threatening tone.
"You the fuck are you?"  he retorted in pain.  "You broke my leg."
"No, just bruised it."  I said.  "And I'm you're worse nightmare."
I checked his pockets and sure enough I found a bag of white powder and a knife.  I shoved the powder back in his pocket and then a foot on his chest.
"Let me introduce myself."  I said.  "I'm the avenging angel and I'm here to set things right."
I pulled his ass up by his hair and threw him on the bed.  I yanked his pants and briefs off and exposed his ass.
"You think it's so fun raping someone."  I said vehemently.  "Payback is now, so get ready for the fun."
"You ain't gonna fuck me."  he said.
"Fine."  I said.  "It's either my dick or this bat, fat end first."
"You wouldn't."  he said in fear.
I put the bat at his ass and shoved it against his hole.  His hole did not open, but his head slammed against the wall.  I tried again, with the same results.  Realizing that the police would be there soon I decided to let him lay there as he was.  I found some socks and tied him to the bed and left the room minutes before the cops arrived.  I went back to my room and found Don sleeping on my bed.  I decided to let him sleep for a while.  An hour later he woke up with a dazed and confused look on his face.  He saw me and wondered how he got there.
"Let's say your problem is over."  I said.
"What do you mean?"  he asked.
"Mr. Wilson is gonna enjoy his vacation."  I said.  "I hear he likes Kansas."
"What?"  he exclaimed.  "I need him."
Don lunged at me and I side-stepped him.  I grabbed is arm and twisted it behind his back.  I let him struggle until he realized he was not getting up.  Don settled down and I released him.
"Listen dipshit."  I said.  "You don't need that mother's drugs to get through this."
"But I'm gay and how am I supposed to live with that?"  he said.
"Listen Don, what do you think I deal with everyday?"  I replied.  "I'm gay and I know that it's tough.  But drugs don't help.
Don looked at me with stunned eyes.  He shook his head in true disbelief.  Tears flowed down his face and I held him tight.  I would not let him go until he felt better.  I stroked his hair and back so he would know I was there for him.  For almost an hour Don cried until he just fell asleep in my arms.  A sudden knock at the door jarred me out of the state of consciousness I was in.  I laid Don on my bed and opened the door and saw Vickie standing there.
"Hey come in Vickie."  I said.
She sat down and saw Don sleeping on my bed.  I changed my shirt and we headed out, after I left a note for Don.  We got in here car, went to her house, and sat down for dinner.
"Okay what happened?"  she asked.
I proceeded to explain most of the situation, but not all of it because her 3-year-old son was sitting there.  After dinner we sat and chatted until Vickie's husband put their child to bed and I then explained the entire situation.  I told Vickie that Don needed help and perhaps a medical discharge for help outside the military.  I just did not want Don to do anything drastic.  The one thing I did say was that Vickie would need to be a witness for Don, that he was not in the room when I decided to become the lone vigilante.  The way I figured was that what they did not know, they could not lie about.  I knew Vickie would not say anything about what I said.
Vickie took me back to VAQ and I said I would call her the next day.  As I entered my room, I found Don still sleeping, so I softly rolled him over and I undressed to my briefs.  I climbed in beside Don and settled down to sleep.  Around 0100 hours I found Don's cock hard against my ass and his arm around me.  Don was stroking my chest and kissed the back of my neck.  I turned and saw Don staring at me.
"Why did you do this for me?"  he asked.
"Simply for one reason."  I replied.  "We're friends and no one but no one ever fucks with my family and friends."
"You're so special."  Don said.  "I don't deserve a friend like you."
"You need to do something."  I said.  "Get yourself clean and keep straight, for lack of a better term."
I kissed him gently on the lips and held him.  We held on to each other for a long, long time until he whispered in my ear.
"I want to make love to you."  he said softly.
I began kissing down his body, slowly working on his nips and working my hand on his rod.  Don was oozing precum and I knew he was hot.  I lowered his pants and saw a hard, uncut 6.5" cock wanting attention.  Don had a ball sac that wanted release and I planned that.  I turned so my hole was at his mouth.  Don, who had been a bottom, had never rimmed anyone before.  His tongue tentatively flicked across my rosebud and he dove in for the feast.  I proceeded to work on his rod to get him nice and ready for my hole.  My fingers danced on his fuzz-covered scrotum, making Don writhe with delight.  He lathered my ass with spit until I knew I was ready for his pole.  I turned, straddled his body, and slowly lowered my ass on him.  I think this shot his system into overload as his eyes rolled to the back of his head.  I slowly moved up and down, moving my ass muscles on his dick and making him buck up into my rectal canal.  I knew he was not going to last long, but I made it pleasurable.  After a few minutes I felt his dick expand and explode in my ass.  The load poured out like pent-up emotions just wanting release.  He finally settled down, opened his eyes, and the look was saying thank you.
I was hard and was ready to just utilize my hand until Don pulled me off his hardening dick and swallowed me whole while on his back.  I proceeded to fuck his mouth and his tongue bathed my cock so wonderfully.  He used a lot of pressure on my dick until I was ready to blow.  The first volley shot deep into his stomach.  Several other loads follow without him spilling a drop.  My dick softened and I needed to piss badly.  I mentioned this to Don, who had not released my dick.  The first reaction was disgust and amazement.  What did that asshole do to my friend?  Several times I said no and tried to pull off, but he refused to let go.  Finally the urge to go too great and I released a huge stream of golden liquid into his mouth.  To my shock and surprise, Don drank every drop and did not spill any.  I finally stopped and collapsed.  I kissed Don, tasting the slight salty flavor of piss and cum on his tongue.  We finally fell asleep and awoke at 0700 hours.  Don took a shower and dressed, then I followed.
"Don you better head to work."  I mentioned.
"I am and thanks for everything."  he responded.
"What are friends for?"  I said smiling.
Don left and the buzz of the drug bust in his room got around the base quickly.  As he got back, the security police were waiting to talk to him about Mike.  They asked if he knew the guy, if he bought drugs from him, and how or who did what to him when they found him.  Don answered truthfully and was arrested for drug possession.  But since he did know who attacked Mike, he truthfully said he was visiting a friend and gave my name and room number at VAQ.  I got a knock on my door and three security police and a member of OSI were standing there.  They entered and sat down, which I followed suit.
"Are you A1C Edward Sookikian?"  the OSI agent asked.
"Yes."  I responded.
"Do you know a A1C Donald Peterson?"  the agent asked.
"Sure."  I replied.  "He's a friend that I knew in England.  Why?"
"Well there was a drug dealer found in his room."  he stated.  "His pants were pulled down along with his briefs.  He claimed someone attacked him with a baseball bat and tried to shove the same bat up his rectum."
"Is Don a suspect?"  I asked, so innocently.
"Yes, but he said he was with you."  the agent said.  "Is that true?"
"We were together until 1800 hours."  I said.  "I went to dinner with another friend, but Don stayed here until I got back."
"Did you go to his room at all?"  he asked.
"Yep."  I told him.  "I went there to surprise him and I woke him up.  We came here and talked until dinner time.  He was asleep when I got back."
"Are you willing to make a statement?"  the agent asked.
"Sure."  I stated.  "When do you want to make it?"
"We'll contact you."  he said.
"So you know, I leave tomorrow for South Carolina."  I said.
He decided to make the statement so we headed to his office.  We arrived and he brought in an airman who took the statement.  I repeated everything that I said to him in my room and he had it typed up for my signature.  I signed it and he asked if I would wait a minute.  The agent left and I sat there looking in a mirror.  Well I had seen enough cop shows to know that it was a two-way mirror and I smiled as I sat there.  They had Mike Wilson looking at me, but since they did not have a PA system all he could tell them that he was not sure if it was me.  They escorted him to the stockade and the agent came back to tell me that I could leave.  I headed out and met with Vickie for lunch.  We talked and I explained the Don needed to get help and we both knew that would not happen in the Air Force.  We did know that he would be discharged and that he needed to get into rehab.
I went to my room and packed for the next day.  I went to the stockade to see if I could see Don one last time.  I explained to the NCOIC and he allowed me to see Don.  We sat and said our good-byes.  I told him my address was with Vickie and that he could get it from her.  Don did tell me that they were talking a general discharge under less than honorable conditions if he would testify against Mike Wilson.  He said he would so that he could have closure.  I just said to tell them everything so that bastard would get his and Don could get on with his life.  All Don said was thanks for everything and I said keep in touch.
I never heard from Don since we last talked.  I did get a letter a few months later from Vickie, who had gotten a letter from Don's parents.  They told Vickie that Don went to Los Angeles and was found dead in a run-down apartment with a needle in his arm.  I was so mad I punched out a mirror.  What a waste.
I left to call home and tell my dad I would be in the next night.  He said they would be there to meet me.  I went back to my room and relaxed.  I fell asleep and before I realized it, the time was 0900 hours.  I showered, dressed, and grabbed my bag to get to the plane.  I got a cab and got the airport in an hour.  I got on the plane and flew to Atlanta, where I had a four hour layover.  I did finally get into Columbia about 1830 hours where my dad surprised my mother with my arrival.  I walked through the terminal door and was literally mugged by my mother.  She nearly broke my glasses and would not let go until my dad pulled her off me.  We went to get my flight bag and got in the van.
"So how was your trip?"  my mom asked.
"Nothing exciting happened."  I said with a slight grin on my face.
NOTE:  I am sorry it has taken so long to post this chapter.  My finger is still broken and trying to type is a real pain in the ass.  One part of this story is that AIDS is still prevalent in our society.  Too many people have died from diseases because of this virus.  In the seventies there were no worries about protection, but now it is more imperative that we protect ourselves, not just gay but straight as well.  Please make sure that what ever you do, be safe.  Enough preaching now.  I do love to get emails from the readers.  If you have any responses, good or bad, please write me at
WritHot@aol.com
.  When you write, please tell me which story you are enjoying.  With 7 stories in Nifty, I need to know which ones to work further.  I hope that you enjoy the future chapters.

---

Air Force Fun: Going Away Party (Chapter 3)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
THE GOING AWAY PARTY
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
esookikian@yahoo.com
.
I also have 4 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home (Military)
A Brady Bunch (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers (Beginnings)
Brother v. Brother  (History, Incest, Interracial)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
October 14, 1978.  One week before I was to leave for the States and home.  Tom and I had been together a few times since the London trip.  But now it was time for a party not to be believed.  Earl, Pat, and David had planned the party at the pub we would all go on Saturdays.
Earl loaded us into his car and we drove the short distance to the outskirts of the village.  As we entered, the locals who knew us well were there.  The owners closed the pub and only invited guests were allowed inside.  The first thing that hit me was a banner that read
FAREWELL LEMONADE KID.
Since I was the non-drinker of our group, only drinking lemonade, I achieved a nickname that was well deserved.
The restaurant was set and we had a wonderful dinner.  I could not imagine the cost that this would have set my friends back.  The drinks flowed, including ale and liquor, but I still stuck with my drink to the end.  The owners laughed that I was too predictable, but I would always be remembered as the Lemonade Kid.  The party went well into the night. I was presented with a few gifts, including a pen and pencil set, a pint mug, and a signed portrait of my friends that I grew close to during these two years.  We said our good-byes to the owners who wished me well a have a safe trip.
As we left, I was ready to drive back since I was usually the only sober member of this group, but I was in for a surprise.  Gary drove us to a local inn where there were two rooms for us.  I then remembered the trip to the beach and knew then what was in store.
We got to the room and once inside, the time between closing the door and total nudity could be measured in nanoseconds.
"Okay Zook."  Earl said.  "It's your going away.  Who do you want?"
Seeing the wonderful pieces of meat would make any person drool,  but the one who deserved first dip was only Tom.  Tom and I held and kissed forever.  We were both hard and I wanted Tom in me one final time.  I raised my legs and exposed my hole.  I felt the wonderful hardness fill me and it sent shivers through me body.  Tom slowly fucked me, driving me crazy.  I wanted to explode all over, but Tom would not let me.  He grabbed the base of my cock until it subsided.  After almost an hour, Tom rammed deep in my hole one last time filling me.  Still he would not allow me to cum.
Once Tom pulled off me, I pointed to Earl, who proceeded to ram his hot dick hard in and out of me.  Tom would not allow me to shoot my seed and Earl deposited a second hot load into me.
The next person I picked was Gary, who slowly fucked me.  But the only person I kissed was Tom, who  still controlled my dick.  Gary did pick up speed until he shot yet a third helping of cream into my ass.
As Gary got up, David replaced him.  David would not last long, since he was running his hand along his hard shaft.  In rapid succession, David entered my hole and dumped his load.  He seemed embarrassed, but I nodded at him and smiled.  But still Tom would not let me release.
Pat and his monster meat entered me and he fucked my ass for over an hour.  I was so ready to shoot it hurt.  Between Pat hitting my prostate and Tom preventing my shooting, I did not know if I was coming or going.  Pat pulsated cream deep in my bowels and my ass was well worn.
I thought by now I would be able to shoot, but to no avail.  Tom climbed on top of me and placed my dick at his hole.  He still had my dick at the base and did not release it.  All of a sudden, Earl grabbed my wrists and held them above my head.  Gary grabbed my ankles and I could not move.  Tom proceeded to ride my dick, stopping when I was close.  He would jerk his dick and cum all over my chest and stomach twice.  David and Pat lapped up the juices, teasing my nips and pits with their tongues.  My insides felt as if they were turning upside down, not knowing what was happening.  My balls felt as if the flow was shut off my a dam.  Soon, after almost an hour and half, Tom allowed me to shoot.  My brain shut down.  I saw white and felt like my entire life was pouring out of me.  If my love had not told me what happened, I would not have known.  Everyone said it looked like Linda Blair from
The Exorcist
as I spasmed.  Tom said the first volley hit him so hard, his own dick shot a third time.  It seemed as if I was giving him all of my sperm, trying to impregnate him.  After a few minutes, I finally calmed down and relaxed on the bed.  My dick softened and plopped out of Tom.
They turned me over and began lapping my ass of the several loads that were deposited into my sperm bank.  They then did the same with Tom's ass since it was flowing with the load that I deposited in it.  After a while, we fell asleep in the beds between the two rooms and enjoyed a peaceful night.
As we rose in the morning, we went to have breakfast, then headed back for the base.  As we arrived, I had started to pack the balance of what I had not shipped a few weeks earlier.  I had my plane ticket to get home, after arriving at McGuire AFB in New Jersey.  I had planned to fly to Denver, San Antonio, and Little Rock, before heading to Columbia.
The week flew by and before I knew it, Saturday arrived.  I had washed all my clothes and set out my uniform that I would wear on the flight.  All my friends gathered and we had a final meal together.  As we got back to the barracks, the emotions that suddenly hit me flowed out.  I began to cry, knowing these friends would be like no other.  I would miss them dearly and hope to keep up with them.
My flight was at 8 pm and we had to arrive at 7 pm to check in and be ready to board.  There were lots of people I had known in my time at RAF Mildenhall, but the friends I knew, especially Tom were more special.  As we lined up to board, there were hugs and good-byes, but the longest hug I had was for Tom.  I wished I could have stayed, but alas, no.  I boarded and lucked out that I was able to sit next to a guy I knew from the motor pool.  He was in their supply section and we got to know each other as friends.  I knew he was heading to Arizona and he wanted to know how I could get close to home.  All I told him was I was lucky I guess.  We took off for the states and new adventures.
NOTE:  I know that it has been a while since the last chapter, but between the accident and work, it has been a pain.  I also got hooked on Harry Potter and have finally finished all 5 books in 2 months.  I hope that you like this chapter and there will be future adventures going home.  Also, please keep Andrew, my muse for another story, in your prayers.

---

Final London Trip (Chapter 4)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
THE FINAL LONDON TRIP
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
esookikian@yahoo.com
.
I also have 4 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home (Military)
A Brady Bunch (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers (Beginnings)
Brother v. Brother  (History, Incest, Interracial)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
As Saturday arrived, we decided to head back to London and the little hotel we stayed in our first weekend together.  Again we boarded British Rail and arrived at Victoria Station an hour later.  We ascended to the street and walked the few blocks to the quaint place we found.  The desk clerk recognized us and gave us a smile.
"Well gents."  he said.  "Good to see you again.  Same room?"
We nodded and signed in, got the key, and went to the third floor.  We opened the door and remembered the first weekend we spent together.  After we closed the door behind us, I pulled Tom to me and began kissing him passionately.  Our tongues entwined in our mouths.  As we broke, we began pulling clothes off our bodies, throwing them anywhere and loving our bodies.  I caressed the sweet chest of the man I loved, feeling the hair slipping through my fingers.  Tom did the same, while playing with my nipples.  I let out a deep moan, then moved forward, forcing Tom on the bed and me right on top.  We held each other as if never to let go.
The pain of losing each other was more than either of us could bear.  Tears were flowing from out eyes.  How could one give up the person he had loved for over a year?  The heart felt it was being torn out of my body.
"Tom, my love."  I said through the tears.  "I'm going to miss you so very much.  I wish there was another way."
"I know."  he replied, crying unmercifully.  "I wish I could go with you.  You're my love."
"Let's make today special."  I said.
With that, Tom climbed on me and began kissing and licking me all over.  He sucked on my nips until they were hard and extremely erect.  My dick responded in the same manner as I poured precum all over the both of us.  Tom licked down my chest, nibbling on the hair that covered my torso.  As he proceeded down, he avoided my dick and balls.  He moved down my right leg until he got to my feet.  As Tom licked my insole, I began to laugh, as I am extremely ticklish.  He then moved to my right foot and climbed up my right leg.  Once he reached my groin, Tom flicked his tongue over my balls causing me to moan.  Tom then engulfed my dick down to the hair and balls.  He moved his head up and down my dick, stopping every so often to just tease the head.  This man knew how to drive me crazy.
He turned around and moved his hole to my face.  I spread the hot bubble butt and exposed the hairy, brown hole and rammed my tongue deep into his ass.  Tom shot up at the intrusion as I tongue-fucked him.  Tom sat on my face, which caused difficulty in breathing, but he loved the tongue in him.  After several minutes of bathing the hole, Tom moved around and grabbed my cock.  He placed it at the entrance and sat directly down.  His ass gripped my dick hard and slammed my groin.  The pain shot through my body with great intensity.
"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH SSSSSSSHHHHHHIIIIIIITTTTTT!!!!!!!!" I yelled out.  "Fuck Tom, take it easy."
I reached up and caressed his chest slowly.  Tom began to slowly rise and lower himself on my cock, seemingly to draw the love out of me.  I began to stroke his dick, but he stopped me quickly.
"I want to try something."  he said.  "Don't jack me."
He continued to ride my member with a ferocity and lust that it drove us both crazy.  Tom's dick seemed to get harder and leaked precum all over me.  Sweat poured off our bodies, mingling with our love.  I pinched and played with Tom's nips, causing him to move in a frenzy.  I felt Tom ready to cum, but not for what was about to happen.  As Tom was ready to unload, he forced my dick all the way in and his ass clamped tight.  We both climaxed at the same time.  My body rammed upward, releasing my load hard and long.  Tom's first volley shot over my head and hit the wall, without us touching it.  Each release after that hit my face, neck, chest, stomach, and groin.  My load seemed to fill Tom's hot love canal and oozed out, down to my balls and legs.  After several minutes, Tom collapsed on me, gluing our bodies together, kissing me and holding onto each other.
"Tom, I will always love you."  I said, caressing the hair on his head.  "I don't know what I'll do without you."
"I know."  he said.  "You have opened my world and I want you to be with me."
"You will be in my heart always."  I replied.
We continued to hold each other, knowing that we would soon have to leave for the real world.  This room was our sanctuary, our own little oasis from what people deemed unacceptable.  It was also the place where loved flowed and we would never forget it.
I felt Tom stir and wanted to feel his love in me.  I moved down and began to swallow his hot flesh tube, tasting his sweet precum.  As I did this, I moved so my ass was at his mouth.  Tom began tongue my hole slowly, running it around my hole.  My hole opened and his tongue dove in and out, making me squirm, and leaking precum.  We continued for almost 20 minutes until I felt the time was right.  I laid on my back and put my legs to my shoulders.  Tom put the wonderful joystick at my hole and pushed in deep.  I gasped at the intrusion and felt the fullness of my lover.  Tom began to slowly move in and out of my hole and making love.  I wrapped my legs around his torso and pulled him further into my love chute.  It seemed to have his dick pushed me to complete ecstasy.  The sweat poured off us in torrent streams, soaking the sheets, while we kissed passionately.  Our lovemaking lasted over an hour until we could hold no longer.  Tom's body stiffened as he impaled me on his spike.  I felt the first shot release deep in my body, feeling his love.  This caused my dick to shoot without being touched and my eyes rolling back in their sockets.  We continued to unload until Tom finally collapsed on me.  We laid there in exhaustion and holding on what seemed to be an eternity.
We rose off the bed and took a bath together.  We sat as Tom was between my legs and leaning against my back.  I held him tight, feeling him snuggle against my chest and stomach.
"Tom, I need to ask you."  I began.  "Do you still love Patricia?  I know that when we first met, you said you wanted to marry her.  Do you still feel the same?"
"I do love her."  he replied.  "But I love you too.  It seems I have two sides.  I don't know what I'm going to do."
"I do."  I said.  "You are going to go home after you get out of the Air Force and marry her.  But now you will be a better lover knowing how to take as well as give.  And remember, I love you forever and I know you love me."
We sat in the tub thinking that life would be incomplete without each other and knew that was the it was supposed to be.  We got out of the tub, dried off, and dressed to get a bite to eat.  We sat and talked how in just a year we awoken passions that could never die, just lie dormant.
We finished eating, went back to the hotel, and got fresh sheets from the desk clerk and make love one more time that Saturday.  Tom wanted me to fuck him on all fours and spank him while doing that.  I refused at first, telling him I loved him and did not want to hurt him.  But he said he wanted to try this, so I reluctantly agreed.   As Tom got on his hands and knees, I spread his cheeks and put my hard cock in his hole hard.  Tom jerked under the feeling and pushed back all of a sudden. I began to fuck him hard, slapping his ass on each stroke.  He begged for more, telling me to make him my bitch.  My mind was wondering what brought this on, but I continued.  I made him beg me to fuck him, calling him my little bitch, cocksucker, and just using terms that I could think.  This seemed to spur him on and wanting more.  I turned his ass very red until I knew we were ready to shoot hard.  I grabbed his hip sockets and pistoned in and out of him.  I reached for his dick and pulled on him hard.  After a few strokes, Tom pulled up and roared as wave upon wave of hot cum flowed out of his balls.  Once his ass clamped shut, my dick reacted in overdrive and filled his wonderful hole with pure man juice.  As our cum subsided oozing, we collapsed with me on top, with me on tope holding Tom close, feeling my dick still in his ass.  I caressed him until we both fell asleep.
The sun rose and we saw that it was almost 9 am.  We knew our train would be heading back to Mildenhall at noon.  We showered quickly, but in silence.  What could we say to each other that has not been said?  We dressed and grabbed our bags.  We left the hotel and found a place to have a quick breakfast, then left for the train station.  We boarded and went to our compartment.  We had not talked all day and I finally had to break the silence.
"Tom, remember this."  I said.  "I love you and always will.  I can't imagine my life without you and I want you that you will always be in my heart."
Tom's eyes filled with tears and I just held him.  The conductor got our tickets and left with a suspicious eye.  I just gave him a nasty look that made Tom smile a little.  I was happy to see at least a little sunshine in his face again.
"Ed, I love you."  Tom said to me.  "I am going to miss you terribly, but we must move on.  Just do me one favor."
"What?"  I asked.
"Don't hop into bed with the first guy you meet."  he said in return.
"Hey, after you, it's all downhill."  I said smiling.
He punched me in the ribs with his elbow and I just laughed.  We talked all the way back to the base.  We ran into Earl, Pat, and David, who invited us to Cambridge for dinner.  We left and discussed the going away party at the pub the week before my departure.
NOTE: I have enjoyed the emails that I have received from all those who have been reading the stories. Many people who are serving in Iraq have been writing me.  Please keep these people in your prayers that they come back safely to their loved ones.  Also, please keep Andrew in your prayers.  He does have several medical problems and is a great person.  He is my muse for Night of the Strippers and I want him to be here for a long time.  If you have any comments or suggestions about any story that I have posted on Nifty, please email them to
esookikian@yahoo.com
.

---

Time to Move On (Chapter 5)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
TIME TO MOVE ON
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
esookikian@yahoo.com
. I also have 3 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home (Military)
A Brady Bunch (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers (Beginnings)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
August 20, 1978.  A date that would change my life.  I was told that my orders for my new duty station were ready, so I headed over to collect them.  The airman that was sitting there asked what I wanted.  I told him my name and that my orders were supposed to be there.  He found them and I had looked at them intently.  SHAW AFB.  I began to dance in the office and the clerk thought I was crazy.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?"  he asked.
"See where it says I'm going."  I replied.
He glanced and nodded.
"I'm going home."  I said.  "What a fucking break."
Now for those who are not familiar with South Carolina,  Shaw AFB is located just outside Sumter, South Carolina.  It is a fighter base and I had lived there when my dad was stationed there only 6 years earlier.  We moved to Columbia, which is only 45 miles from the front gate.  So you can imagine what I was feeling when I saw the orders.
I ran back to work and showed everyone where I was headed.  Everyone said that I was a lucky fuck and wanted to know who I knew to get such orders.  I had fun and was being an idiot the entire day.  I finally ran into Tom and showed him my orders.  A gloom came over his face and I noticed it right away.  Since it was close to 5:00 pm, we left and headed to the mess hall for dinner.  We ran into Earl and Pat and all of us had dinner.  We all headed back to the barracks and went to Earl's room to just run our mouths.  Earl said he knew that there was going to be one big blow out for my going away.  I began to laugh and said that we just need to enjoy the last 2 months before I left.  Tom's face didn't brighten, so I asked Pat and Earl that I would see them later.
"What's the matter, babe?"  I asked him, looking deep in his eyes.
"I don't want  you to go."  he said, beginning to cry.  "I knew this time would come, but I can't deal with it.  Get out of here."
I went over and began to hug him tight.  I felt the same pain that he was just then.  I knew that I would miss Tom with all my might.  We have been together for almost a year and the pain that we would be parted was coming too soon.  The military puts you where they want, not where you want to be.  I began to kiss Tom with passion I never knew before.  His kiss showed power and lust that I could feel flow through me.  We began to undress and caressed our bodies as we progressed.  I licked his body all over, not missing a single spot.  I caressed his nips and making them hard.  Tom's 6" was hard and pouring precum like it was a downpour.  I swallowed his dick entirely and pulled the precum into my mouth, swallowing it as if I were a man dying of thirst.  I reached down and began to finger his pucker slowly, hitting his prostrate over and over and being fed more precum.  Tom was writhing on his bed like Linda Blair in
The Exorcist
.  He seemed to have a demon and I was bringing it out of him.  He grabbed my head all of a sudden and shoved his dick all the way and unleashed a torrent of cum into my mouth that surprised me.  The first load almost choked me as it hit into my throat and since I wasn't ready for it began to cough.  I pulled back and was able to catch the rest of his liquid love and savored it.
As Tom eased from his ecstasy, he looked in my eyes and I saw the look of remorse on how he was treating me.  I just held him and telling him that no matter what, he will always be part of me and I of him.  With that he raised his legs and exposed his hairy pucker to me.  I dove in with a lust that I knew that needed to be quenched and Tom was going to give it to me.  I rimmed his hole, which caused him to squirm intently.  I shoved my tongue deep in his hole and fucked his hole with my taste buds.
"Fuck me please."  he said to me.  "I need you in me."
I placed his legs over my shoulders and my dick at his hole.  I slowly entered and began melting into his ass.  I felt his warmth and it surged through my dick to my own being.  I loved the feeling of my love and began to slowly fuck his ass.  His legs wrapped around my waist and pulled me further into him.  Our beings became one as I continued to move in and out of his wonderful hole.  We kissed longingly and his dick rubbed between us.  Tom became hard again and oozed his precum.  I loved the feeling and his ass worked wonders on my dick.  I knew that I was close to shooting.  I was sweating and it dripped all over Tom and it meshed between us.  My breathing became labored and I was ready to unload inot his hole.  I finally pushed deep in his ass and let loose with a flood of white love.
"OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH FFFFFUUUUCCCCCKKKKK!"
I cried out with my head thrown back.
I felt myself become part of Tom and he gladly accepted it.  I finally felt my cum subside and disintegrated onto Tom.  I knew that Tom wanted to become part of me.  I popped out of Tom's ass and let him raise off the bed.  I raised my ass off the bed and Tom got behind me.  He licked my hole so wet that I thought he unleased a fire hose in me.  He then began to penetrate my ass.  Tom grabbed my hips and began to fuck me with a desire of a wildman.  He forced his dick in and out of my ass.  He rammed me and began to spank my ass hard.  He continued this for over 30 minutes until he just rammed in my ass and released his load.  He pulled me close as he released and bit my shoulder.
"AAAAAAHHHHH SSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHIIIIIIIITTTTTTT!" I began to cry out.  "Tom what's gotten in you?"
As Tom finally calmed down, he began to cry seeing what he was doing.  He couldn't believe he was hurting me.  As he softened and moved out of my ass, I pulled him to me.
"Hush now baby."  I told him.  "You didn't hurt me much.  You were just so intense.  I love you and nothing will change that."
We just cuddled close and slept until noon the next day.  We knew that Saturday was a day we needed to get away and enjoy the time we would have together.  We made love continually over the next 2 months until the time I had to leave.  My friends planned a going away party that was not to be forgotten for a long, long time.
NOTE:  I have enjoyed the emails that I have received from all those who have been reading the stories.  I plan to add on to this, but the venues will change after Chapter 7.  Oh and yes I did go to Shaw AFB and yes I am from Columbia SC.  As per the dance, yes I was that crazy that day.  But it was also a sad time when I knew I would have to leave the men who were the dearest friends I would know in my life.  If you have any comments or suggestions about any story that I have posted on Nifty, please email them to
esookikian@yahoo.com
.

---

Happy Birthday to Me (Chapter 6)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
esookikian@yahoo.com
.  I also have 3 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home (Military)
A Brady Bunch (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers (Beginnings)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
September 18
th
.  The anniversary of my birth.  I would be spending my 20
th
birthday in England, but this one would be special.  Though it was supposed to be a surprise, my friends would be taking me out to dinner and a small party.  I got wind of it and smiled on what was to happen.
Earl knocked on my door and I was dressed casually.  He looked me over and smiled.
"Zook, I want to take you to the pub with Tom for a small toast."  the big man told me.
"Sure Earl."  I replied.  "At least you remembered my birthday.  Let's head out."
We met Tom at the front of the barracks.  We could hear the jukebox playing in the snack bar.  We had the only snack bar in the barracks.  Guess it is what is called privilege of being Supply.  We climbed in Earl's car and drove to the pub.  Now I knew that none of us had eaten, so I was prepared to eat at the pub.  We arrived and entered this pub.  The pub itself was a small establishment that we would go to every other weekend to relax.  The locals knew us well and enjoyed us being there.  I had the unusual nickname of "The Lemonade Kid" since I was the only one who usually never drank alcohol.  The owner saw us and greeted us with enthusiasm.
"Well Happy Birthday Kid."  he said with a big smile.  "How old are you today?"
"20 years of insanity."  I told everyone in the pub, which was very busy.
I was congratulated by many of the regulars, who had lived through World War II and appreciated Americans.  They loved to talk to me since I was very interested in history and they would tell me their times through the war.  I loved these people because of their warmth to us and not just for our money into the economy.  Tom then turned to Earl and me.
"I'm getting hungry."  he said.  "I forgot to eat this evening.  How about having dinner here?"
Earl and I nodded in agreement and asked the owner for a table in the restaurant.  He showed us to the dining area and I saw 9 friends there waiting for us.
"Happy Birthday Zook."  they all yelled.
Everyone in the pub began singing Happy Birthday to You and He's a Jolly Good Fellow.  We sat down and I was at one end.  Everyone began to harass me unmercifully about getting old, but I reminded them that they were all older than me.  They all brought me presents, which is what I did not expect.  We ordered dinner and as usual I drank lemonade.  I was ribbed about it, with Earl saying I should be drinking something a bit harder.  We ate dinner and the owner brought us all a glass of champagne on the house.  I was toasted several times and I thanked everyone for their friendship.  I opened my presents and got some clothes and records.  I loved everything my buddies gave me and I thanked them.  The only thing I noticed was that I did not get a gift from Tom or August.  We stayed at the pub until just after midnight and I had to drive home.  Earl had 2 boots of ale and he was pretty much out of it.  (Just so you know, the boot is a glass one he picked up in Germany that holds 2.5 pints of ale each time.)  We pulled into the barracks parking lot and helped Earl upstairs.
We went our separate ways and decided to head to bed.  I went into my room and noticed my roommate was missing.  Timmy was from Arkansas and was extremely obnoxious.  One other thing was the boy was also very unhygienic.  He was moved from several room until he landed in mine.  I thought everyone was kidding me about him until I got caught down wind from him.  At least this weekend he was gone and I was going to relax.  I heard a knock at my door and there stood Tom and August.  I smiled at them and gave them mocking disappointment.
"So where's my presents you two?"  I asked them with forlorn eyes.
"We are here for your pleasure."  Tom said.
We took off our t-shirts and briefs and climbed into my bed.  I was going to be a fuck sandwich and I was the filling.  I began to kiss Tom first, then August.  They began to move down my chest and each took a nipple in their mouths.  These close friends of mine were driving me crazy.  I was moaning softly, so not to wake the barracks.  They continued down to my navel and chewed lightly on the hair on my torso.  I loved the feelings they were giving me and wanted more.  They worked down to my cock and balls.  August swallowed my dick entirely and Tom was sucking and licking my balls.
I then wanted to taste hot male pussy.  August bared his hole to me and I began to lick around the hole, teasing it very gently.  August moved his ass to me and I shoved my tongue deep in his hole.  In the mean time, I felt Tom's tongue on my hole and he began to tongue fuck me long.  I loved the feeling and knew he was ready to fill me with his loving rod.  I leaned in and put August's legs over my shoulders and pushed my 6" into his love canal.  His ass swallowed my dick completely and I held it there.  Tom was behind me and moved his dick deep in my ass and I knew that this was going to be a hot fuck.
Tom stayed still as I slowly fucked August and myself at the same time.  As I would pull out of August's hot hole, I would then impale myself on Tom.  I was so intense on the fucking that I knew that it had to end.  I could feel Tom's balls tightening and so were mine.  August was pulling on his rod and he finally shot off like a Roman candle.  Once his ass tightened around me, I shot load after load hard.  My ass then sent Tom to release in my ass.  I knew that the love that we shared was great and we always loved to be together.
August finally lowered his legs and Tom and I began to clean him off completely.  There wasn't a drop of his love juice on his body.  He rose and told us he was going to head to bed.  We kissed him deeply and let him leave finally.
I then pulled Tom to me and kissed him long.  I then reached under the bed and pulled out a gift.
"Happy Birthday Love."  I told him.  "You thought I would have forgotten.  Happy big 21."
Tom looked at me stunned.  He mentioned that he wanted his birthday to be forgotten, but I couldn't since our birthdays were the same.  I had to get him a wonderful gift.  He unwrapped his gift and saw a smaller box, which he opened it.  I had gotten him a ID bracelet which I had engraved.  It just said `Tom my love'.  Since no one knew that I had gotten it for him, no one would know what the message meant.  Tom kissed me and held me.  He began to cry and I held him to me.  I knew that we had to have one last time together for our birthdays.
"So sir."  I began to say with my best Southern drawl.  "What will be your pleasure?"
I began to bat my eyes at him and he just pushed me on the bed.  He began to devour my dick all the way to the base.  He got me hard in seconds and turned so his ass was at my mouth.  I spread his cheeks and tongue fucked him hard.  I finished on his ass and he turned around.  He positioned himself over my dick and sat down hard.  It caused me to yelp in pain.  I had never had that happen and I had to have Tom slow down.  He began to ride my pole slowly and leaned in to kiss me.  His hands caressed my chest.  I caressed his chest and dick.  We knew that we couldn't last long and we know we wanted each other.  I could feel Tom's dick expand and his balls rode to the heavens.  He unleashed a load of cum that covered my face and chest.  The feel of his ass and cum on me sent my dick into discharge mode.  I pushed my dick deep and the white fluid rushed out of me and into my love.  We finally fell in an exhausted heap with Tom on me.  His cum glued us together and we fell asleep just like that.
NOTE: I appreciate the emails that I have received in the last week. I have received them from other military personnel and they felt the same pangs of love with their compatriots. I love hearing from these people especially as we all have something in common. I will say this, I love hearing from all people and they way they tell me how they liked the stories. I still want to hear from you at
esookikian@yahoo.com
as soon as possible.

---

Weekend at the Beach (Chapter 7)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
WEEKEND AT THE BEACH
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
bermuda9@hotmail.com
. I also have 3 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home (Military)
A Brady Bunch (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers (Beginnings)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
Around Labor Day weekend, Tom and I decided to go to Bristol for the weekend, but decided to have friends come with us.  I talked with Pat to see if he wanted to come along.  He said he would and hoped that there would be more fun.  He also suggested that we have some others come with us.  I asked who and he mentioned a guy who transferred in right after the Fourth of July - August Low.
August was oriental who was so very good looking.  I had met him a few days after he arrived.  He was assigned to the hospital detachment.  His face was smooth and just the look he had got me hard instantly.  He stood 6'1" and weighed 175 pounds.  The black hair that crowned his head was straight and his eyes were the greenest I had ever seen.  They looked like emeralds.  I had never seen him naked, but I saw that he had some build to him with the t-shirts he wore.
I ran into Raymond Earl Cardinal and Gary Barrows and asked if they wanted to come.  They said that they would, but wanted to know who else was coming.  I told them and they liked the selection.  I told him that I would get 3 rooms booked at a motel and we made plans on when we would leave that Friday.  Earl had the only car and Bristol was about 90 minutes away.  I went to the base travel agency and found a place that was reasonable and from the brochure was not too bad.  I booked the rooms and told everyone about it.  They laughed that compared to the barracks, it could be 3 stars.
Let me describe Earl and Gary.  Earl is a man who was the nicest guy anyone could meet.  I called him the gentle giant, since he stood 6'5" and 245 pounds.  He was 35 and a staff sergeant in the refueling section.  He would take us to the local pub or to Cambridge so we could have fun.  Earl was extremely fun at the pub.  He would polish off 4 pints of ale and become very friendly.  He was strong, so when he would come up to you, he would hug you hard and your bones could feel like they are breaking.  Sweet man with a heart of gold and personality to match.  Gary was a nice guy, but a pain in the ass sometimes.  He is a Mormon and would proselyte to the masses.  If he did not do that, his personality was a great one.  He stood 6'3" and weighed 195 pounds.  He had black hair and blue eyes.  He was a funny guy.  I used to go to his room and we would talk on his bed.  He would press his feet against me, which made me think he was gay or at least bi.  Earl was one that I thought was straight, since he had a girlfriend with kids.  But this weekend was a surprise to us.
We met that Friday in the late afternoon and loaded our bags in Earl's trunk.  We climbed in the car and it was crowded to say the least.  We got settled and drove all the way to Bristol.  We finally got there, found the motel, and checked in.  We got to the rooms and looked at them.  It was not the greatest place, but at least it was clean.  Tom and I bunked in one room, Pat and August in the room next to us, and Earl and Gary in the room next to theirs.
Tom and I got undressed and climbed into bed.  We kissed each other and caressed our bodies, feeling the wonderful flesh.  I had reached down and began to lightly finger Tom's ass.  It made him shudder and rake his nails against my back.  He let out a small moan and hoped that no one could hear us.  I worked on his hole again and I heard a huge moan.
"You need to keep it down."  I said to Tom.  "They might hear you next door."
"That wasn't me."  Tom said.
We heard the moan and it came from Pat's room.  We stopped and listened and heard August's voice coming from next door.
"Oh God."  he said.  "That is so wonderful.  How did you learn that?"
"Let's say a couple of friends opened up my eyes."  Pat responded.
Tom and I started to smile, then began to panic.  What if Pat tells August about us and what we do?  We could be arrested and court-martialed.  We continued to listen and heard both of them moan in unison.  Tom and I smiled at each other, knowing what was going on in the next room.
We continued kissing and caressing.  I moved down on Tom, licking him slowly down his chest and stomach.  I worked down to his legs and feet.  Tom being ticklish, began to laugh loudly.  I had to let him calm down.  I worked my way up again until I was at his balls.  I licked them slowly, letting him feel my tongue work on his hairy sac.  I licked the space between his balls and ass, which elicited a moan from my love.
I worked my way up and swallowed his dick to the base.  This caused him to shoot up in bed.  I bobbed my head up and down faster, feeling him swell in my mouth.  I knew what I wanted and it was not for him to shoot in my mouth.
I grabbed the base of his dick and had him relax.  I then straddled Tom and sat straight down.  This was the first time I did this and knew I had made a mistake.  The pain seared through my body.  I had to relax and let the soreness subside in my rectum.  A few minutes later, I start to slowly move up and down on Tom's ass.  He stroked my dick as I worked his with my ass.  I leaned down and I kissed him with excitement.  As my ass worked, Tom worked is dick into my ass.  I knew he was close to shooting and I wanted him to load my ass.  A few minutes later I could feel his dick swell larger that it had been.  I sat on his thighs and felt him push deep in my ass.  I felt him unload his dick in my ass, sending me over the top.  My dick shot out its load all over Tom's face, chest, and stomach.  As we finally relaxed and I collapsed on him, I melded my cum between us and glued us together.  We fell asleep like that, holding on to each other.
We awoke the next morning and got a quick shower to meet everyone for breakfast.  I kissed Tom after the shower and then we dressed.  I wore a pair of shorts and pull over shirt.  Tom put on a t-shirt and shorts.  We went next door and heard Pat and August scurry around the room.  Tom and I knew that they must have fallen asleep in the same bed.  Tom waited for them to answer the door and I knocked on Gary and Earl's room.  All I heard was Gary answering the door with a quick retort.
"It's too early."  he called out.  "I want some more sleep."
"Gary, we're going to breakfast."  I said to him.  "Get Earl up and meet us in 15 minutes."
I could hear Earl cussing that he needed more time.  I just laughed.  Earl was not a morning person, but he would be ready when you asked him.  I left their door and went back to Tom.  I saw the door open slightly and August answered.
"Hi guys."  he said with a slight grin.  "We just got up.  How long do you want to wait?"
"Well I told Gary and Earl to be ready in 15 minutes."  I said to them.  "Hey let us in so we can wait."
"Um, we're not dressed."  August said nervously.  "Can't you wait in your room?"
"Sure we can."  Tom said.  "But from what we heard last night there was more fun here."
August could not believe he was found out.  He thought they were quiet, but with the look on our faces, he knew that they were busted.  He opened the door and Pat was on the bed naked.  We turned and found August in the same condition.  I looked at his body and loved what I saw.  His chest was not overly muscled, but had very good definition to it.  I looked down and saw a hard 6" dick that was uncut.  Tom and I looked at him and smiled.
"Well you boys need to get ready."  I said to them.  "I wanted us to have a nice day at the beach.  And from what we heard, you did have a running start."
They had gotten ready and there was a knock on the door.  I opened it and saw Gary and Earl waiting for us.  We found a small restaurant and ate breakfast.  We talked about work and wanting to go home soon.  Earl was the exception.  He loved to travel Europe and he usually brought various items back with him.  We finally got out plans in gear.  We decided to go to the beach until lunch and then explore Bristol.  We did have some trouble finding room on the beach, but we found a small place and stretched out.  We put suntan oil on our bodies and laid down to get a tan.  Here we were, 6 military men in our prime and physically fit.  We got attention from the women and a number of men from the beach crowd.  I know we were all happy that we had that kind of aura to attract people.  We basked in the sun, getting some nice tans.  As lunch arrived, we got our stuff and moved to the motel.  We got to the rooms and put our stuff away.  We met for lunch and had a some fun about what we saw on the beach.  Gary mentioned he saw a teen that kept looking at them.  The boy was rubbing his crotch and licking his lips.  We smiled and Earl laughed out loud.
"Well did you want to jump him?"  Earl said with a laugh.  "If he was that hot, you should have."
We could not believe what we heard, but laughed with Earl.  Here was a guy we knew had to be straighter than an arrow.  Could we have been wrong?  We finished lunch and went into Bristol.  We explored some stores that we found interesting.  I found a gift store that sold tourist gifts.  My mom loved to collect spoons, so I found one that had Bristol on the handle.  I also went into a record store and found an album that had a song that I liked by David Soul.  (For those who did not realize it, David Soul was a big recording star in England during the 1970s.)  We continued to sight see until we got close to dinner time.  We had found a restaurant in town that we wanted to try.  We dressed appropriately and left to eat.  As we dined, I sat next to August and reached over to caress his leg.  His body shivered slightly, but he never moved his leg.  He actually moved it closer to me.  We talked as if nothing happened and we had fun.  I looked at Tom and nodded slightly to August and he smiled knowingly.  We got up and left the eatery and strolled back to the motel.
We decided to go into my room and we sat around and talked just about anything.  I decided to test what Earl meant when he said about the teen on the beach.
"So tell me Earl, would you have jumped the teen?"  I asked, smiling as if I were joking.  "I mean if he was teasing you with his body?"
"Fuck yeah."  Earl said to us.  I would have loved to slip that boy in bed and fuck his hot ass.  And suck his hot dick too."
We all looked at him and our jaws probably made us look like large mouthed bass.  I then had to smile and finally had to say something.
"Well Big Earl."  I started.  "How about showing us how you would handle the situation."
I began rubbing my dick and Tom looked at me as if I was nuts.  We all knew Earl's reputation of strength and temper when angered.  What happened next shocked us all.  Earl came over and unzipped my pants and pulled out my hard 6" into to full view of the others.  He dropped to his knees and sucked my dick into his mouth.  He knew what he was doing and I knew that he probably had lots of practice.  His masterful manipulation on my dick made me squirm in the chair.  At this point everyone shucked their clothes and everyone sprung wood quickly.  I looked around and saw the hard dicks that wanted to be put into any hole available.  The two dicks I had not seen hard were Gary's or Earl's.  I looked at Gary and I saw he sported a very impressive 8.5" dick that was quite thick.  I pulled out of Earl's mouth.
"Hey let's join everyone else."  I said to him.
I shucked my clothes quickly and was followed by Earl.  I saw his dick hard and it was an impressive uncut 7" and very thick.  I looked at everyone and we decided to draw straws, winner gets to decided who would do what.  As the straws were drawn, I won and it was my decision that I would get everyone's dick tonight.  I got up on the bed and got on all fours.
"Tom, I want you first baby."  I told him.  "Show them how to make my ass wonderful.  August, get in front so I can have that wonderful dick in my mouth."
Tom loosened my hole and slid his dick in my ass slowly.  August knelt in front of my face and fed me his dick.  I could taste his precum on my tongue and I loved it.  Tom's dick worked wonders on my ass and I squeezed his loved muscle.  I knew this would send him over the top, which it did.  He shoved his dick deep in my ass and bellowed like a bull.  He put load after load in me.  As Tom pulled out, I released August from my mouth.
"August, get behind me and shove that hot egg roll in my ass."  I ordered him.  "Earl get that hot dick over here."
August was scared as he stated he never fucked anyone before.  We showed him how to work into my ass and move with me.  We got into a steady rhythm and I then swallowed Earl's meat into my throat.  Earl loved the feel of my throat on his dick.  His precum oozed down into my stomach.  August began to fuck like a pro and I knew that he was ready to unload.  I squeezed my ass hard on his dick and he threw his head back and whimpered.  His dick unloaded so much cum, it flowed down on my legs and onto the bed.  August fell back on the bed in total exhaustion.  I released Earl from my mouth.
"Okay, now Earl, let's see how well you can fuck."  I said to him.  "Gary get that hot dick over here now."
Earl slid his dick hard into my ass.  I groaned hard and pushed back on his dick.  I then swallowed Gary into my mouth and tickled his head with my tongue.  I took his dick into my mouth and masterfully manipulated it.  Earl rammed his dick in and out of my ass, pulling my hips to him.  He knew how to fuck and he loved doing it.  What he did not expect was what I did with my ass.  I squeezed my ass hard and tight on his dick.  This pushed him to the point of no return.  I felt his dick swell in my ass thicker than it was.  He shot a bountiful load of cum in my ass, which also flowed from my ass.  Earl pulled out my ass and I had Gary replace him.
"Okay Pat, let me have that foot-long."  I told him.
Gary moved his 8.5" in my ass and I felt his balls against me.  I took 8" of Pat in my mouth.  I swallowed him and moved on and off his dick until I finally got 10" in me.  I tasted his precum that flowed like a fountain into my mouth.  I swallowed it as I worked his dick.  Gary fucked my ass, but being a virgin, was not ready to prolong his stay.  I felt him swell and shoot a nice load in me.
I fell on my back and lifted my legs.  I looked at everyone so they could see my well used and filled hole.
"Okay, now everyone who fucked will suck some cum out of my hole."  I told them.  "Taste what you gave me."
All four that fucked me so far licked up some of their hot seed.  I looked at Tom who fingered some out of my ass and fed it to me.  I licked it like a starving man.  I motioned for Pat to get between my legs.  I felt his dick slide into me and his balls slapped my ass.  He began to plow my ass with great precision in and out of my ass.  I loved the feeling of his long pole in my ass.  He moved and kept hitting my prostrate.  I kept pressuring his dick with my ass muscles, which made his breathing ragged and I knew he was ready to shoot hard and long.  I gave it one last squeeze and Pat roared like a lion in heat and released his load into me.  I felt his load dump into me and it seemed to go into my stomach.  Pat finally softened and removed himself.  I then felt four guys licking and sucking my dick until I released my load all over my body.  I felt one tongue on my body and it belonged to my man - Tom.
After we were spent, we realized that this little group became a solid unit.  We knew we had to spend time together for as much as possible.
The rest of the weekend was a long suck and fuck fest.  It turns out that August was a bigger cum hog compared to me.  He wanted to be fucked twice by everyone.  I loved the feeling of his ass on my dick and we all loved to enjoy his hot bubble butt.  But no one was left out for one fuck  to each other.  As Monday afternoon arrived, we left with sadness knowing that our get togethers will be few and far between.  We made a pact that whenever we could, we would have fun together.  As we approached the base, we felt a new resurgence of our duty to our government and wanted to be with each other no matter what.
NOTE:  I appreciate the emails that I have received in the last week.  I have received them from other military personnel and they felt the same pangs of love with their compatriots.  I love hearing from these people especially as we all have something in common.  I will say this, I love hearing from all people and they way they tell me how they liked the stories.  I still want to hear from you at
bermuda9@hotmail.com
.  I will answer them as soon as possible.

---

Fourth of July Fireworks (Chapter 8)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
FOURTH OF JULY FIREWORKS
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
bermuda9@hotmail.com
. I also have 3 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home (Military)
A Brady Bunch (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers (Beginnings)
I hope that you enjoy these. One final thing: I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story. I am glad that people find this story line fun to read. Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop. Now on with the story.
As Tom and I grew even closer, we talked about others who we thought were cute and would not mind joining us.  We had talked about a 3-way with someone in the barracks.  We mentioned David, who we both thought was very cute, but decided against that since he was so straight and conservative, he would make Archie Bunker look like a left-winged liberal.  We talked about some others until we mentioned Daniel Patrick.  Now at Mildenhall, we did not have our own base hospital.  We just had an infirmary and it was staffed technically from Lakenheath, which was five miles from us.  The dental and medical personnel were living in the supply barracks.  We became very close to those people and they in turn were close to us.
Daniel Patrick was a very hot guy.  He stood 5'11" and weighed 165 pounds.  He was not muscular, but had a very toned body.  He had black hair and the grayest eyes you could ever see.  He seemed to be peering into your soul.  I had seen him in the showers and he had just a few strands of hair on his chest and a nice treasure trail that led to the biggest dick I had ever seen.  Soft, it was about 6" and thick.  I had never seen it hard, but my dick would have loved to seen it in full glory.  I mentioned this to Tom and he grew hard at the mention of this.  He had seen Pat in the showers too and would have loved to get him in bed.
So we decided to set our plan into action.  It was close to the Fourth of July and that year it was on a Saturday.  The base had planned a fair and cookout for the entire base and the surrounding community.  There were rides, games, and food for everyone to have a good time.  The only thing that could not take place that we expect in the United States was there was to be no fireworks.  I learned soon after arriving, the local village was made up of a number of citizens who lived through World War II.  If we had an alert, we could not sound an alarm because it could be heard for miles and panic the locals.  Fireworks were another matter since 1) it was illegal to let off fireworks in England; and 2) it also would panic the locals.  But the fair was fun and most of the guys from the barracks went.
Now Pat and I had become very good friends and wrestling buddies.  We always tried to prove which one of us was the craziest, but all the guys in the barracks claim it was me.  Pat, Tom, and I spent the day together.  Now none of us were drinkers per se, so we went to the barracks and crashed in Tom's room.  We put on some ABBA (I know, how gay of us) and just listened.  It was a relaxing time with Tom and me on his bed and Pat in the chair by the desk.  We were wearing t-shirts.  Tom and I were wearing jeans, while Pat was wearing shorts.  Pat was sitting with his legs wide open, so Tom and I just looked up his pants leg and we noticed he did not wear any underwear that day.  We smiled at each other and our dicks began to tent our jeans.  I began licking my lips and gently caressed my dick.  Tom followed suit and Pat, who just was listening with his eyes closed, opened his lids and saw us stroking our dicks through our pants.  His eyes went wide, not believing what he was seeing.  Pat could not take his eyes off our crotches and he began to get hard himself.  His dick began to snake down his short legs and the head came out of the short leg.  I had to guess that the cock that was coming into view was at least 11 or maybe 12" long.
I got up, moved over to Pat, and began to kiss him.  He leaned back and could not believe I was that crazy, to kiss him in front of another man.  He thought that we would be court-martialed and sent to Leavenworth.  Tom moved over and began kissing Pat deeply.  I reached down and touched the mammoth meat.  It was long and thick, warm to the touch.  Tom and I pulled Pat off the chair and led him to the bed.  We removed his t-shirt and his shorts in quick time.  Pat was leaking precum all over the bed, which Tom and I began to lick up.  We then stripped down and Pat looked at our dicks.
"I-I've never done this before."  Pat said to us.  "I don't know if I can."
"Don't worry."  I said to him.  "We won't have you do anything that you don't want."
At that point Tom and I moved to either side of him and began to kiss him passionately.  I caressed his hair, which was thick and wonderful in my fingers.  We both began tonguing his ears, which drove him crazy.  He was moaning like he would cum without anyone touching him.  We tongued down his neck, then his pits.  We licked the sweat from him and delighted in the smell of his musky scent.  We then moved to his nips and we licked and sucked them until they were hard and pointed like two little mountain peaks.  We continued down to his stomach and licked all over his abs.  We unleashed a beast as his moaning and body moved all over the bed.  We licked down and worked on his legs.  His thighs and calves were bathed in our saliva.  We sucked on his toes and licked his feet.  Pat was extremely ticklish and was laughing uncontrollably with our ministrations.  We moved back up and I began licking the precum of the large head, while Tom worked on his huge cum-filled balls.  I swallowed the foot long dick 6" before I began to gag a bit.  I licked the shaft, forcing more precum out of his cock.  I continued working his dick in my mouth until I took 9" of it.  I wanted the entire thing, but knew this would take time.  I nudged Tom and we shifted positions, where I was sucking on the huge balls and Tom was sucking on the wonderful schlong.  Pat could not stand much more of the work we did to him.
I finally moved up and lifted my legs so Tom could get to my hole.  He shoved his tongue deep in my ass, which caused me to throw my body up on the bed.  Tom was magnificent with his tongue on me.  Tom always said I was the best kiss he ever met, but his tongue was hot on my ass.  Pat was amazed that someone would put his tongue in someone's ass and that someone loved a tongue in his ass.  He looked at the pleasure on my face and wondered what was next.  Tom removed his tongue and went to his locker and pulled out a jar of Vaseline.  He put some on his fingers and moved 2 into my ass.  I moaned loudly and felt his fingers move in and out of my ass.  I squeezed on his fingers and loved the feeling.  Pat continued to look in amazement, not realizing there could be pleasure in being finger fucked.  He then put a third in my ass and I just jolted hard on my back and squeezed hard on his fingers.  Tom fucked me with his fingers and I looked at Pat.  I saw the quizzical look on his face, not knowing what to expect next.
"Pat, I want you in my ass."  I told him.  "I want you to fuck me, make love to me."
"I can't do that."  he said to me.  "I know I can't."
"Once you feel that ass on your dick."  Tom said to Pat.  "You will want it more and more."
As Tom took his fingers out of my ass, he then greased up Pat's dick with the Vaseline.  I lifted my legs to my head and Tom guided Pat's dick to my ass.  He placed it at the hole and Pat felt the warmth on his dick head.  He proceeded to try and get the head in my hole, but the girth was so large, I resisted.  Tom came to me and kissed me and tweaked my nips hard.  This caused my muscles to jerk and the head of Pat's cock went in my hole.  The pain was severe and the burning in my ass was hotter than a stoked furnace.  Tom told Pat not to move until I was used to his dick in my ass.  Pat stayed still until I was ready for him.  I nodded my head and Tom told him to move slowly and stop when I felt pain.  This happened a couple of times, but he finally hit bottom in my ass.  His dick hit my prostrate, which caused my dick to jerk and my ass to clench.  Pat felt my ass tighten on his dick and he just yelled he wanted to shoot.  Just then I felt the first volley of cum in my ass and I just lurched up.  Pat just kept cumming what seemed like an eternity.  The cum was seeping out of my ass as there was so much.  It ran down my ass onto the bed.  Pat was finally spent and fell on me totally exhausted.  I lifted his head and kissed him softly and felt his tongue invade my mouth.
Being we were young, Pat never got soft totally, but he eased out of my ass.  I never felt so empty like that.  He was careful about removing his dick so not to hurt me.
"That was so hot."  he said to us.  "I didn't think anything like that was possible."
"Well now it's my turn now."  Tom said to him.  "I have to have some of that dick."
Pat decided that he would try to rim Tom's beautiful ass.  I lifted Tom's legs and Pat moved down.  He smelled the musky scent of the hole and tentatively stuck his tongue to the hole.  It winked at him and he moved back.  Seeing nothing wrong, he moved down further and licked all around the hole.  Tom's hole opened for him and Pat moved it deep in his ass.  Tom was thrashing so hard that one of his legs slipped out of my hand and hit Pat on the back.  We began to laugh at Pat's look, but reassured him that it was an accident.  Tom told him that he had a hot tongue.
"Fuck me now!"  Tom demanded of our new love.  "I want you in me."
I slicked up Pat's dick again, then guided it to Tom's hole.  I reminded him to do to Tom as he did to me.  Tom felt the head enter his hole and he clamped down hard on Pat.  Pat yelped thinking his dick was going to be severed, but Tom finally relaxed and he felt his dick ease further in the hole.  I then moved behind Pat and spread his cheeks.
"Wh-wh-what are you doing?"  Pat asked nervously.
"Don't worry."  I told him.  "You will love it."
I put my tongue to his pucker and tasted the scent of man in him.  I licked around the hole and Pat began to push back on my tongue.  His hole opened to me and my tongue moved deep into him.  He loved the feeling and his ass squeezed on my tongue.  I moved on his hole and tongue fucked his ass long and deep.  He then moved into Tom's ass further and I followed him into the depths.  Pat then did something I did not think he was ready for yet.
"Fuck my ass."  he said to me.  "Put your dick in my ass."
I greased my pole and put it at his hole.  I gently pushed and the head went into him.  Pat clenched hard and I stopped so he can adapt to the new invader.  I moved when he loosened and I pushed further in a little at a time until he had my entire dick in his ass.  Tom in the mean time received all of Pat's dick in him and filled him to no end.  Pat pulled back which caused me to move.  Pat then began fucking Tom's ass and I stayed where I was, so as he pushed into Tom, he was off my dick.  As he pulled back, my dick rammed deep in his ass.  I let him set his pace and felt the wonderful tight virgin ass on my dick.  He continued for almost 30 minutes and the feeling was wonderful.  I knew we were both close to shooting as I felt Pat's ass was tightening and his breathing was erratic.  He thrust forward and I followed at this point.  I felt his ass tighten hard on my dick which caused me to shoot load after load into his ass.  His load was just as copious if not more that filled and overflowed Tom's ass.  All three of us were bathed in sweat and as Pat and I collapsed on Tom, we noticed that he had not released his load.
Pat decided to complete the cycle and licked the precum off Tom's dick head.  He loved the taste and began to swallow the dick that before him.  The bobbing of his head on that dick had me eat his ass out.  I took my load out of him and he continued to suck the dick of my love.  Tom bucked up against him and released his load in Pat's mouth.  Pat was not ready for it and as he moved off, Tom's cum splashed his face and hair.  We all collapsed on the bed.  Tom and I licked the cum of Pat's body and we laid there holding each other.  Pat was in the middle with Tom on his left and me on the right.  We kissed and held each other.
"Pat you must realized that we wanted you."  I told him.  "We have been together for a while now and wanted someone we thought was hot and loving.  That's how we chose you."
Pat could not believe what he was hearing.  He could not think that two guys would want him as a lover.
"I never had a girlfriend in school."  he told us.  "I thought I was nerdy and a loser.  You have made me feel loved.  I want you guys too."
We fell asleep in each others' arms.  I awoke feeling Pat on my dick.  I saw Tom open his eyes and moved on Pat's dick.  I turned and moved on Tom's dick and we moved on each other until the cum just jumped out of us into the waiting mouths.  We held onto our cum and traded the sperm with each other so that we had all of us in each of our mouths.
"I want this to continue forever."  Pat said to us.
We just held him and told him he was part of us now and forever.
NOTE:  I want to thank all the readers who wrote about the first two chapters of this story.  I am glad that you have liked it.  If anyone wants to write me, please do so at
bermuda9@hotmail.com
.

---

London Trip (Chapter 9)

AIR FORCE FUN
by: 70s CHILD
THE LONDON ADVENTURE
NOTE: The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent. I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
bermuda9@hotmail.com
.  I also have 3 other stories in Nifty.
First Christmas From Home  (Military)
A Brady Bunch                     (Celebrity)
Night of the Strippers            (Beginnings)
I hope that you enjoy these.  One final thing:  I truly appreciate the e-mails that I had received from this story.  I am glad that people find this story line fun to read.  Please tell me if you want more or if you want me to just stop.  Now on with the story.
A few weeks after Tom and I had found each other, we decided that we should get away for the weekend.  Now London is a little over 70 miles from Mildenhall and could be reached by train in an hour.
Tom and I planned a weekend and went to the base travel center.  This was a little building just outside the gate that military personnel and their families could book hotel rooms, train and plane reservations, and other necessary travel business.  Tom and I went through the door and a young man in his mid 20s greeted us.  We explained that we needed to get 2 round trip tickets to London on the train and a hotel room with 2 beds, so as to put off any suspicion.  We gave our names and the young Brit that was working made the reservations for us to leave Friday afternoon around 6 pm, where we would arrive in London close to 7 pm.  We then paid for the train tickets and left.  As we departed, I noticed the young man smile and wink in our direction.
As we headed back to the barracks, we decided to pack our bags and have them ready for Friday night.  The executive officer was a very cool female captain.  The only way someone in the squadron could not get away for a weekend was to be placed on base restriction or that person violated barracks visitation.  (We were one of the first bases that allowed females to come to the barracks rooms.)  I knew the captain from performing with her in a base production of
Mame
.  We told the captain where we would be staying, just in case of enemy attack.  (Hey we were still fighting communism then.)
Friday arrived and some of the guys asked what I was doing that weekend and I said that I would be going to London for my first visit.  One of my friends, David said have fun.  I just smiled and said I sure will.  I finished work at 4:30 pm and headed back to the barracks, which was a quick 5 minute walk.  I went and changed my clothes and waited for Tom.  We had placed our bags in my room and I had them ready when Tom walked through the barracks door.  He headed upstairs, changed, and headed for the taxi stand which was across from the infirmary.  We got in and headed for the train station.  5 minutes later we were standing at the platform and waited for the train, which arrived a few minutes later.  We boarded and found our compartment.  We decided to splurge on this, which would allow us privacy.
As the train departed, we sat back and I had to talk to Tom.  We had talked about being careful not getting caught, but we really never discussed our feelings.
"Tom, I need to tell you that I love you."  I began.  "You are a special person and a very special friend.  I know I am gay and that I love men.  You are the person I could spend my life with and I hope that you feel the same."
Tom looked at me wide-eyed and sat back.  I thought he was angry at me because he never said a word for almost 5 minutes.  I then saw a tear in his eye and he leaned forward.
"Ed, I love you too."  he replied finally.  "You have to realize the you are  special to me, but I have to be honest with myself, I do love my girlfriend back home.  She is wonderful and we hope to be married.  Please don't be mad at me about this.  I knew I should have told you about her before, but I didn't know how you would take it."
I smiled at him and held his hand in mine.
"If you're talking about Patricia, I knew."  I said with a smile and tears in my eyes.  "I know that you love her, but I was hoping.  I want you to know that if you want to break this off, I understand.  It will be hard, but we are friends first and foremost."
We were crying and holding each other tight.  We had the shades pulled tight and we let our emotions flow.  We then heard a knock on the door.
"Tickets please."  the conductor shouted through the door.
We wiped our eyes and I opened the door.  The conductor was a middle aged man and he eyed us with suspicion.  We gave him the tickets and he punched them and left.  I then locked the door again and sat next to Tom.
"Ed, I want you to know that you will always be in my heart."  Tom said.  "You have awakened in me a side that I thought was wrong.  You proved that men can love and be loved by each other."
"Tom, just remember that."  I said to him.  "I want you to be happy and if Patricia will be that special one, I want to be at the wedding."
We held each other for the rest of the trip and arrived at the London station at 6:50 pm.  We got our bags and headed for the underground.  (For those non-Brits, that's the subway system.)  We asked the girl at the counter which train to catch to get to our hotel and she told us.  She winked at me and I know I blushed several shades of red.  Tom said I could have stopped traffic I was that embarrassed.  We got the train and arrived at our destination and appeared on the street.  We found the hotel and checked in.
It was a quaint little hotel and it was amazing how nice it was for the price we were paying.  I thought it would be what I affectionately call a "Pay-and-lay" motel.  The clerk who checked us in told us there would be a problem.  The double room that we booked wasn't there.  Someone stayed over and all they had was a single room with a double bed.  He offered it to us at a discount and we agreed.  He thanked us and gave us the key.  We went up the lift (elevator) to the 4
th
floor and found our room.  It was a small room with a nice double bed and its own bath.  Tom and I laughed and put our bags down and decided to get something to eat and go to bed.
We went back down and asked the clerk where we could get a bite to eat and recommended a place around the corner.  We went there and had burgers and chips (fries).  Anyone who has never had a hamburger in England, let me tell you it's a cardiologist's dream.  Greasy and fatty.  I don't think that the Brits ever considered the ongoing cholesterol problem in the world.  We finished and headed back to the hotel.
We got to the room and decided to take a bath together.  This was one of the old fashioned tubs and it was nice and roomy.  I drew the bath and we stripped down.  We had seen each other so many time, we began to re-explore ourselves over again.  I got in the tub and Tom got between my legs with his back to me.  I pulled him close and held him.  He felt my hairy chest against is back and he just nestles there.  I felt his chest and I caressed his body.  His arms, back, stomach, and his wonderful dick.  We both became very hard and knew that we had to get to bed.  We washed each other off, especially our dicks.  I worked my hand to Tom's ass and made sure he was clean there.  He followed suit and did the same to me.  I knew then and there we would move to a new level.
We got out and dried ourselves off and climbed in bed.  We kissed passionately and feeling each other all over.  Tom then started to lick my neck.  He worked on my earlobes which drove me wild.  He worked to my nips and go them hard and pointy.  He continued to tongue bathe me and worked to my crotch.  He didn't work on them though.  He lifted my legs and exposed my dark virginal territory.  He spread my cheeks and saw the pink pucker and hair that surrounded it.  His tongue cautiously touched the pucker.  His tongue moved away after he felt the shiver that ran through my body.  He did it again, but more forcefully.  His tongue ran all over my hole, which caused my body to thrash all over the bed.  Tom then shoved his tongue deep in the hole and my central body region came off the bed.  I looked like I was going through electro-shock treatment.  And that's what it felt like.  Electricity ran through my body and my entire being was loving every minute of it.  Tom got my ass wet and hot for what was going to happen.  He finally stopped and got some Vaseline from his bag.  He opened it and spread it liberally on his dick and around my ass.  I felt him push a finger in and my first reaction was to clamp down hard.  As the pain subsided I relaxed and he pushed his index finger all the way in my hole.  I moaned like I was a bitch in heat.  He pushed a 2
nd
finger in and this caused me to thrash all over again.  He pushed a 3
rd
in and the pain was unbearable.  He knew it and he removed his fingers and kissed me.  He then put my legs over his shoulders and put his dick head at my hole and stayed there for a minute.
"I won't do this if you don't want me too."  Tom said looking in my eyes.  "Tell me to stop and I will."
I looked at him and just nodded.  He pushed the head of his dick in my hole and my body tensed in pain.  Tom felt it and stopped quickly.  He feared that I was hurt permanently.
"I'll pull out."  he said to me.
I just shook my head no.  We stayed there for a few minutes, though it seemed like an eternity.  I finally felt the pain subside and let Tom push more of his love into me.  He would stop every inch or two, allowing me to adjust to his wonderful cock.  Finally he was in and we rested for a minute.  He began to slide his dick in and out of my ass.  I felt like I was on a ride of my life and enjoying the hot meat filling me.  I felt his balls slapping my ass.  Tom leaned in and kissed me with a passion I never felt before.  I moved my legs down and wrapped them around his waist.  I loved pulling him deeper into my being and knowing that his seed would make us one, if only for a short while.  He picked up speed and I knew that he would be shooting his seed in me.
"I'm going to cum soon."  Tom said looking in my eyes.  "Do you want me to pull out?"
"Fuck no."  I said.  "Fuck me love.  I'm yours and I want all of you in me.  Fill me with your love."
Tom's motion sped up until I heard him moan with a guttural sound that only animals make.  I felt his dick expand in my ass and felt the first shot hit deep in my ass, but something more.  It hit my prostrate, which threw me over the edge.  I began to shoot load after load all over the two of us.  Tom's cum coated my rectal wall and he finally collapsed on me, pressing my cum between us.
What I couldn't understand was how was I able to cum without either one of us touching my dick.  I just felt his cum hit something and I was scared.  I should at this point out that when I was a child, I was rather naïve.  Tom saw my panic and asked what was the problem.  I told him my fear and Tom did laugh.  I was beginning to get angry, but he told me that the prostrate was the part of the body that controls sexual release in a man.  He apologized for laughing, but he said that he could not believe that I would not know that.  Well even going through sex ed in California and biology in high school, it's not something people talk about in public.  Especially good Catholic boys who are taught that sex is dirty.  Let's face it, Catholics invented the guilt complex, though Jewish mothers use it more effectively.
I looked in Tom's eyes and kissed him.  I didn't want him to pull out of me, but he got soft and it eased out.  He then licked the cum off my stomach and chest, which got me hard again.  I did the same to him and Tom got hard also.  I was hoping he would fuck me again, but he then lifted his legs to his chest and exposed his hole.  I saw the hairy pucker and I lowered myself and began to lick the hole.  I tasted the soap from the bath and the musky smell of sweat.  It was an aphrodisiac to me and I dove to tongue fuck that hole.  I speared his hole and Tom let out a yelp.  My tongue dug deep and he loved the feeling on his hole.
"Fuck me you stud."  Tom cried out to me.  "Fuck me like the whore that I am."
I didn't know what I did, but Tom begged to be fucked.  I got the Vaseline and coated my dick and his ass.  Like he did to me, I pushed a finger in and he pushed back.  I then went for two and he squeezed my fingers.  I started to wiggle them in his ass and he just twitched.  I tried for a third but he just wanted to be fucked.
I pulled my fingers out, put his legs on my shoulders, and put the dick head at his hole.  I pushed in and Tom all of a sudden pushed back on my dick.  I was surprised and saw the look of ecstasy in his eyes.  Being a virgin in matters of fucking, I took it at an awkward pace until Tom stopped me.
"Just follow my lead."  he said.  "Push in."
As I did, he pushed out.  As I pulled out, Tom pulled back just to the head.  I pushed in and we developed a rhythm.  The feeling of his velvet ass on my dick made me see stars.  I didn't know what to think.  Tom began moaning and thrashing.  I panicked and stopped.  I thought I was hurting him.  He told me that I was hitting his prostrate on every stroke.  All he asked was am I sure I never fucked before and I told him no.  I continued on and felt his legs wrap around me like I did him.  He was pulling me in further and further.  I loved the feeling of him and I knew I was getting close.
"Tom, I'm getting close."  I looked at him.  "Do you want me to pull out?"
"Ed I want to feel that cum in my ass."  he just said.
I sped up and felt my balls pull up.  As I was about to release my load in his ass, I felt a shot hit my chin.  Tom's dick was spewing hot white juice all over me and him.  The first load that I released sent me into a reality plane that I never knew existed.  My brain froze and my body stiffened.  I saw stars and the universe.  I felt I was one with the spiritual beings all over.  I never felt my cum pushing out after the first load.  What seemed like infinity, I found myself on Tom and wondering who I was and where I was.  Tom was caressing my sweat covered body and holding me.
"Oh man."  I started.  "That was awesome.  I couldn't believe that it was so intense."
"It is and it's better with one that you love."  Tom replied.
We fell asleep in each others arms and awoke to a new day and new beginning of life.
The rest of our stay in London was so much fun.  We went sight seeing and visited placed that I could only dream about.  We met a map salesman on the street.  He was a nice old man who gave us advise about pickpockets and conmen who say they take your picture.  Tom and I made sure we kept our wallets in our front pockets and bought a map from the nice man.  BTW, for those who have never heard, people say Brits are rude to Americans.  For those who say that, kiss my ass.  Just about every Brit I met while I was there was nice and went out of their way to be helpful.
Tom and I went to Piccadilly Circle and was approached by some Piccadilly boys.  For those who don't know what I mean, these are teenage boys who are homeless or come from an uncaring family and sell themselves for money to get drugs or a place to stay.  One boy who caught our eye was a kid who looked 14 and he approached us.  He offered himself to us but we told him he was underage and we could go to prison.  He said he was 16, which was the legal age.  He said we could fuck him for 10 pounds.  We were going to give him the money and go our merry way, but he said he wanted a place to sleep.  I am a softy for people at that age.  It was the way we were raised as kids.  We took him back to the hotel and snuck him in the room.  The kid was only 5'3" and maybe weighed 100 pounds soaking wet and holding a brick wall.  We showed him where the bathroom was and said he should get a bath.  As he bathed Tom and I looked at each other.
"What are we going to do with this kid?"  Tom asked.  "He's cute but he's a hooker."
"I know and he's probably conning us."  I said.  "But I was raised to give people the benefit of the doubt."
We heard the tub drain and he came out in just a towel.
"My name is Bruce."  the kid told us.
"I'm Ed and this is Tom."  I said to him.
"Your Yanks ain't ya?"  he asked us.
"Yes we are."  Tom told him.  "We're in the military.  We need to know if you are fucking with us or not."
Bruce looked at us and got scared.  He wanted to run and we looked at him.
"Sit on the bed."  I told him.  "You will tell us the truth to some questions or let's say you're in a world of shit."
The kid sat on the bed, looked at the floor, started to cry.  He thought that these guys in front of him were going to kill him.
"First, how old are you kid?"  Tom asked.  "And tell us the truth."
"12 years old."  he said crying.
"Oh shit, this boy is definitely underage."  Tom said, looking at me.
"Why did you lie to us?"  I asked the kid.
"I thought you wouldn't give me any money or a place to stay."  Bruce said crying.
"Where's your parents?"  I asked.
Me mum's dead."  the boy said.  "Me dad kicked me out of the `ouse when he found me sucking a mate's dick.  `E called me a poofer and hit me.  `E told me never to come back."
"How long have you been on the street?"  Tom said, finally calming down.
"A couple of months."  the kid replied.  "Some of the boys taught me to make money selling me self.  They say Americans love to fuck little boys like me."
I looked at Tom and wondered what to do next.  I couldn't turn him away and Tom looked at me if we should let him spend the night.  I just nodded and we turned to Bruce.
"Listen, we'll let you spend the night here."  I told him.  "But you better understand we don't rape little boys.  Now we have to get up early in the morning, so you will be leaving with us in the morning when we check out."
"Are you guys poofers too?"  Bruce asked point blank.  "I mean 2 guys and one bed."  He gave a smile.
"Well I am gay, if that's what you want to know."  I told him.  "Tom is bisexual and we are lovers."
At that point Bruce got up and shed his towel.  Before us was a beautiful boy with a hard 4" dick that was uncut.  He had no hair except on his head.  He had blonde hair and green eyes.  He turned around and showed us his well used hole.  He turned his head and winked.
"You guys can have this for being so nice."  Bruce said with a wicked smile on his lips.
I turned to Tom and we moved to the door.  I pulled out my wallet and gave him all my money except for a 10 pound note.  I said for him to put it in a safety deposit box at the front desk and come back up.  Tom was shaking his head, but his dick gave him away.  He was hard on the way out the door.
I moved over to Bruce and stood in front of him.  He looked up sheepishly and saw the tent in my pants.  He began to stroke my dick through my pants.  He began to pull down my zipper and fondle with my dick that were trapped in my tight whites.  He began to undo my belt and pants when Tom walked through the door.  He saw what was happening and moved to the boy.  Bruce saw his tented pants and undid his pants and lowered them to the floor.  Tom and I leaned to each other and kissed passionately.  Bruce dropped my pants to the floor and began to suck my dick for a little while, then moved to Tom's dick.  We took our shirts off and we all were on the bed.  Tom and I were on our backs and Bruce was sucking away, licking our shafts and playing with our balls.  This boy was quite experienced and knew what he was doing.  He was deep throating the both of us like it was nothing.  He then stopped.
"Please fuck my hole."  Bruce looked at us.  "I need your dicks in me."
Tom and I looked at each other and laughed.  This was one horny little kid.
"Who do you want to fuck you first?"  I asked him.
He took my hand and lifted my body up.  He was strong for a 12 year old.  He then pulled me around and had our dicks meet.  We told him to get the bag on the dresser, which he did.  I pulled out the Vaseline and two condoms.  I put one on Tom and he put the other on me.  We greased our poles and the boys hole.  We just thought he was going to move from one to another like he was sucking us.  Boy were we wrong.  He placed the dicks together and sat on both of them.  He had a strange expression on his face, not quite pleasure, but not quite pain.  He lowered himself on us and it felt like Tom and I were one.   Bruce began to fuck our poles long and hard.  The intenseness on our cocks was unbelievable.  This kid was a hot boy and knew how to fuck.  I knew I wasn't going to last long.  I felt Tom's dick begin to swell and I was a nanosecond behind him.  Our dicks began to fill the condoms and we felt Bruce's ass tighten and he began to shoot all over us.  As we finished our climatic episode, we all fell on the bed.
"Bruce, tell me what are you going to do?"  I asked.
"Live the best I can."  Bruce said laying on my chest.
I turned so he was between us and we all held each other close.  We fell asleep and spent a night of warmth together.  As we woke up, we found Bruce gone, with a note on the dresser.
Thanks for helping me.
I guess I'm a little bitch.
Thanks for the money.
Tom and I looked at each other and then checked our wallets.  We found he never touched the money in them and we smiled.  We packed our bags and checked out of the room to make our train.  We got our money out of the safety deposit box and went to the underground.  We got to the train station and got settled in our compartment.  We drew the shades and kissed and made love all the way back to Mildenhall.  Tom's dick in my ass felt wonderful and I knew that no matter what, Tom would be my true first love.  We got back to the base and dumped our bags and got some chow.  We smiled about the weekend and wanted another as soon as we can.
NOTE:  I want to again thank the people who wrote about the first part of the story.  I hope that you enjoy it and please e-mail me with your comments, good or bad, to
bermuda9@hotmail.com
.

---

Air Force Fun (Chapter 10)

AIR FORCE FUN
by:  70s CHILD
MY SPECIAL FRIEND TOM
NOTE:  The following story is a fantasy, however the people mentioned are real, though their names have been changed to protect the innocent.  I hope that you enjoy it and please comment to
bermuda9@hotmail.com
.
I was lucky for my first duty assignment to be in England after basic training and technical school.  Though I grew up an Air Force brat, we were not lucky enough to be overseas.  When I saw my first duty assignment was RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk County, I was amazed.  I was assigned to the 513
th
Supply Squadron and arrived on October 1976.
Originally I was assigned to the research department, which was the perfect area.  It was small with 4 military personnel and 3 civilians.  For those who never was in the military, the United States government does hire locals for civilian jobs.  These were very nice people to work with and I learned quite a bit from them.  However, the person I became very close with was a guy named Tom Berringer.  Tom was the clerk for the executive officer.
Tom and I shared the same birth date, September 18
th
, though he was a year older than I am.  We also shared the same tastes in music, movies, and were huge Peanuts fans.  This was great for us since the Supply Squadron was also known as the Snoopy Squadron (that is a long story).  Tom and I would be in each other's rooms listening to music or just talking.
You are probably asking yourself, what do these two guys look like.  Well Tom was 5'8" and weighed 170 pounds.  He had brown hair and the grayest eyes you could ever see.  One could melt in them.  Tom was not muscular but had a nice build.  He also had a hairy chest.  I, the time, had brown hair and baby blue eyes.  I am 6' and was 175 pounds.  I also have a very hairy chest and a good build.  Tom was 20 at the time we first met, which if you do the math, I was 19.  As the saying goes, we were both young, not too dumb, and full of cum.
One day Tom and I were listening to ABBA and kicking back.  Tom had a room to himself.  Guess it was a perk of being squadron clerk.  Tom was laying back wearing just a pair of boxers and his legs were spread wide.  I was able to see his dick clearly and I began to get hard.  I was just wearing a t-shirt and a pair of shorts.  Tom noticed that I was staring at him and he began to lick his lips and smiling.  I saw this and became very embarrassed.  I lowered my eyes, hoping he would not say anything to embarrass me.  What happened shocked me, but made me happy.
Tom came over and put his right hand on my chin and lifted my head.  Our eyes met and I could see the love in his eyes.  He leaned down and we kissed lightly.  There was chill that ran through my body and I could feel the chill that ran through Tom's body.  Tom lifted me by my hand and we faced each other.  I caressed Tom's chest and lightly played with his nipples.  He shuddered and moaned lightly.  He reached over and pulled my t-shirt over my head and tossed it on the chair I was sitting on.  Tom then played with my nips and I felt like I was struck by electricity.  I could not get over the feeling.  Tom then reached for my hard dick and began to stroke it and I felt I would shoot right then and there.  I then tentatively touched his dick and it was already half hard.  When I began stroking, it reached its full length.  I then put my thumbs in the elastic of his boxers and lowered them.  His dick popped out.  It was 6" and a little thicker than mine and uncut.  I saw the drop of precum on the end and I removed it with my finger and tasted it.  Tom then undid my shorts and dropped them and my briefs that I was wearing.  My hard 6" was so hard, it smacked me on my stomach.
We then laid on his bed and began kissing with a passion I had never known.  Our tongues rolled and dueled in each others mouths.  We both caressed and explored our bodies.  Tom pushed me on my back and began to lick my chest.  He sucked my nips and got them hard.  My dick was oozing precum all over my stomach and created a small puddle.  Tom licked down and licked the precum off my stomach.  He moved down and sucked around my dick and worked on my balls.  He sucked them and played with them.  He was driving me crazy.  He moved up and took my dick in his mouth and swallowed 3".  He worked his mouth up and down on my dick and took me all the way down.  I couldn't believe what I was feeling.  I loved what Tom was doing to my dick.  It sent chills throughout my body and I knew I was closed to shooting my load.  I looked and Tom was working my dick long and hard.
"I'm gonna shoot."  I told Tom, just so he wouldn't get my cum in his mouth.
Tom just kept working my dick.  My balls were pulling up tight and I felt like my dick was pulling my entire being with it.
"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH FFFFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKK!" I screamed.
I shot load after load into Tom's mouth, which he swallowed without spilling a single drop.  My body finally relaxed and my dick softened slightly.  Tom moved up and kissed me and I was able to taste my own cum.  I then moved Tom on his back and I began to kiss him hard.  I could feel his dick pouring precum out onto his stomach.  I licked down and played with his nips.  All Tom did was thrash on the bed.  I felt like I was riding a bull at a rodeo.  I moved down and lapped up the precum on his stomach and loved the taste of him.  He thrashed up and his dick hit my chin.  I worked down and sucked his huge balls.  Just then he let out a moan that I thought would bring the entire barracks to the room.  I moved up and worked 3" of his dick.  I heard him suck air in and was worried the wouldn't exhale.
"OH SHIT"  was what Tom shouted.
I began working on his dick and licked all over his shaft.  Tom put his hands on the back of my head.  He guided my face on his dick and he moaned in passion.  I could feel his balls tighten up and I knew that he was ready to shoot his load.  I wanted his jism in my mouth and I felt the first volley hit the back of my mouth.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGG!!" was all I heard Tom yell.
His cum flew into my mouth and I felt some seep out of my mouth.  I swallowed and loved the taste of the man juice.  I knew that Tom was a special friend and I wanted more of him.
As I got off him, we laid side by side holding each other and kissing.
"We have to be careful."  Tom said to me.  "You know we can be court-martialed if we're caught."
"I know."  I told him.  "All I know is that you're so special to me.  I know we should do this again."
He kissed me and held me.  We fell asleep in each others arms.
NOTE:  Should I add to this story?  If you think so, please e-mail me at
bermuda9@hotmail.com
and let me have your comments, good or bad.
SPECIAL NOTE:  Tom, if you read this, I hope that you like it.  You are a special friend to me.