Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Fri, 6 Jul 2007 06:47:41 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 13

The General's Son
Chapter 13 -- Life Beyond High School
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

Chip and Tim worked at the base gym with Tip and Ty for the month before
they had to report to the Academy. I made sure they got cell phones and
placed severe restrictions on when they could use them.

The guys left for the Academy in July and I had to report to school at
Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama, the first of August. I had
to clear out the house and put the furniture in storage. Once school began,
the first chance Chip and I had to get together was in D.C. for Christmas
and then a few days at the farm with my parents, my brother and his wife
and the twins.

In May I was graduated and assigned to the Air Force Academy as the advisor
to the Corp of Cadets. I bought a house some distance from the base so Tina
and Elena could live with me, and still drive back and forth to school.
Chip, Tim, Scott and Alex would be able to come and visit whenever they
were free, since it was a five-bedroom house.

The three remaining years at the Academy went by quickly for everyone, with
people always coming and going. In the guys' senior year, Chip was chosen
to be the Commandant of the Corps and Tim was his assistant. Both guys were
scheduled to go to pilot training. Chip won the NCAA tennis singles
title. Just before he was to be commissioned, someone picked up on the fact
that he was partially color blind which kept him from going to flight
training.

I was selected below the zone for Lieutenant Commander and would be going
to the Air War College in August. I sold the house at a modest profit.
Ironically enough, Chip was assigned to Maxwell Air Force base as the
Commander's executive officer.

It turned out that he and I had adjacent suites in the Bachelor Officers'
Quarters. In March, Chip was selected to go to Squadron Officers' School.
He was graduated two days before me, and we were both being reassigned to
Washington, D. C. Chip was going to be assigned to the Air Force Chief of
Staff's Office. I was being assigned to be the Executive officer for the
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. Neither of us had any idea why we had gotten
these assignments; but at least we would be together, so we really didn't
care.

The day after we were notified of our assignments, the President announced
that Air Force General Richard Miller was being appointed to be Chairman of
the Joint Chiefs, and General Brian Young would succeed him as the Chief of
Staff of the Air Force.

Chip and I made plans to go the farm until the 20th of June. We advised
everyone of our plans and my brother Ben and his wife Anita asked if we
would look after the boys, who were now seven, while they took a cruise in
the Mediterranean for ten days with Anita's parents.

I made sure that they had completed all of the paperwork needed to enable
me to fully take care of the guys if something should happen. We all
arrived at the farm about the same time. The twins' parents and
grandparents went to Omaha to begin their trip. They had just arrived in
Athens, Greece when there was an explosion on the aircraft. All 300 people
on board were killed instantly.

My family was notified the next day. It took most of the next two weeks to
get all of the paperwork taken care of. Everyone agreed that I should be
the boys' foster-parent/guardian. I sent Chip to Washington to find a
suitable place for the four of us to live.

Right after the memorial service, my father had a heart attack and died.
That complicated my life, but Tina and I made the funeral arrangements and
had everything from my parent's new house moved to Washington. That way
Tony and Betsy could have full time help and they could live in the
parents' house.

Chip had found a farmhouse in Maryland with twenty-five acres. It was
expensive, but would accommodate the mass of people who would be moving in
or visiting and we would have some land to have some horses.

After the reading of all the legal papers, the twins were going to be very
wealthy in their own right. My mother wasn't far behind. She decided to
live with Chip and me, so she could help take care of the twins.

Alex and Tina were assigned to Edwards AF Base after he graduated from
pilot training. He was going to be testing new airplanes.

Tip had graduated at the top of his class at Creighton and was admitted
into the medical program. Ty had graduated with honors from UNL. After
being named an all American for two consecutive years, he was drafted by
the Kansas City Chiefs in the first round of the draft in the number two
position. He received a huge bonus when he signed. The first thing he did
was make sure that Tip would be able to complete medical school without any
loans. He invested his money wisely and he refused to have an agent work
for him.

He turned into an outstanding professional football player. He not only
returned kickoffs and punts, he was the starting safety and eventually
wound up playing on the offense as a wide receiver. He became known as the
Iron Man. He became a perpetual all-pro. In his tenth year, the Chiefs
finally won the Championship. Ty had been voted the MVP of the Super Bowl
game and also the NFL Player of the Year. Everyone thought for sure that he
would go on for another five years.

He had gotten married right after he had turned pro. His wife was an
extremely beautiful lady. They had four children in rapid succession. Ty
had attended law school and gotten his law degree, passed the bar exam and
was certified to practice in Kansas, Missouri, Iowa and Nebraska.

In a surprise announcement after the championship game, Ty announced his
retirement. He simply said, "It is time to move on with the next phase of
my life. I need to take care of my family."

His wife filed for divorce, and Ty didn't contest. He insisted that he have
complete custody of the children and she could have the house and
furnishings and the BMW. He would get everything else, since he had proof
that she had been having affairs with other players. She simply wasn't
ready to settle down and be a housewife.

I guess I need to also tell you about Tip. He had gotten his medical degree
and became a certified obstetrician. Ty had convinced him to come to the
Kansas City area and had even found a practice that he could join. Tip had
been working for almost two years when Ty pulled his surprise announcement.

Ty's four children were always at Uncle Tip's condo because he had an
indoor pool that they could swim in. The two boys and two girls thought
that Uncle Tip walked on water. They especially liked it when Uncle Troy,
Uncle Chip, Luke and Peter were visiting, because they received so much
attention.

Ty and the children moved into the four-bedroom condo with Tip temporarily,
until the dust could settle.

They had only been living together for about two weeks when one night Tip
was in bed and there was a knock on the door. Tip told the visitor to come
in. Ty came in and sat on the bed. He seemed a little uptight.

Tip asked, "Ty, what's wrong? Something is bothering you. Spit it out."

Ty hesitated but finally asked. "Tip, have you ever been in love? Since I
know that you are gay, have you ever truly been in love with another guy?"

Tip was taken back by the question. He thought for a minute and answered,
"Ty, I don't know. There have been three people in my life that I would
dearly loved to have made love with, but they were not eligible. Tyler, I
am going to tell you something you will probably not believe. I am a 32
year old virgin for all intents and purposes. I have had some encounters,
but always pulled away because it did not feel right."

"Tip, thank you for telling me. I have only had sex with one other person
and that was my ex-wife. At first, I thought it was the real love; but
after Bobby was born I began to realize that everything was not what it
seemed. We continued to have sex, but I always pretended that she was
someone else and it always turned out to be the same person." Ty stopped.

Ty lay down beside Tip and he had tears in his eyes. "Tip, this is very
hard for me to say, but I think I have always been in love with you since
we started to live at Grandma Maggie's house and I was too dumb to realize
it."

Tip started to laugh, "Ty, you weren't too dumb. You were too macho and not
ready to face reality. Let me tell though that you are the third person I
also wanted to be with. I used to lie in bed at night when we first started
to live together and shared the bedroom wishing you were holding me. When
you masturbated at night, I so wanted to be the one servicing you rather
than your hand. Even when we finally had separate bedrooms, I would lie in
bed and listen for the bedsprings. When I heard them, I wanted to be
helping you make the bed move.

Ty started to really laugh. "You sure do have a way with words."

The bedroom door was open and Bobby, Ty's nine year old son, came in. "Is
Daddy laughing or crying? It sounds like laughing. It has been a long time
since Daddy laughed like that."

Tip looked at Bobby and asked, "Bobby, what are you up for?"

"I want to ask Dad who was going to take care of us tomorrow, since we
don't have school and he wasn't in his room. I was worried until I heard
him laughing. So Dad, who is taking care of us?"

"I will be taking you to Jenny's house in the morning, since I have
meetings I need to go to," Ty answered.

"Dad, do we have to go there? I don't like her brother and sister. They
keep bossing us around and won't let us do anything."

Tip said, "Maybe we could have Jenny come here and at least you could
swim. Then you can take everyone to lunch at the pizza place across the
street."

"But Uncle Tip, I don't have enough money," Bobby complained.

Tip picked up his wallet from the stand and took out two twenty dollar
bills and stuck them into Bobby's briefs. "Hey all you have to do is take
your clothes off and pay the bill. Now come on, I need to get you back to
bed."  Tip picked Bobby up and carried him back to his room. He kissed
Bobby as he was tucking him in.

Bobby said, "Uncle Tip, you and Daddy are both beautiful. You will be nice
to him won't you?"

"Bobby how much did you hear of what we said?" Tip asked Bobby.

Bobby said, "I was listening at the door, and I know that you love each
other. Please don't forget about the four of us. We all need you
both. Uncle Tip, will I ever be as big as you and Dad down here," Bobby
asked as he touched Tip's briefs.

"Son, I am sure that you will be just as big or bigger, but right now we
need to get to sleep. I love you Bobby." Tip kissed Bobby and was about to
leave when Billy the four-year-old son asked.

"What about me Uncle Tip, don't you love me?"

"Billy, I love you double. I think you and your brother and sisters are the
best thing that happened since ice cream. I love all four you." Tip kissed
Billy goodnight and pulled the covers over him.

He walked past the two girls' room and stopped to check on them. He kissed
them both on the forehead and whispered I love you. Christa, the older
daughter who was eight said, "We love you too, Uncle Tip."

Tip went back to his room and pulled Ty close, "Brother, we need to be very
careful. Our first thoughts must be of the children and help them be
capable of succeeding in this world. I would love to make love to you right
now, but I think we both need some time to think."

"No matter what happens, I will always love you but it might be hard. Right
now I just want you to lie here next to me and we will discuss where and
how we want to proceed, later."

Ty looked at Tip and said, "Tip, this is exactly why we need to be
together. You think things out and I am impulsive and want to take care of
everything now. Do you think our children will love us no matter what
happens?"

"The children will love us unless we give them a reason not to." Tip pulled
Ty close to him and kissed him on the lips. Ty snuggled back against Tip,
and Tip put his right arm around Ty and his hand found the way to Ty's
penis.

The next evening Tip and Ty called Chip and me. Ty said, "Guys, we have
something to share with you. We hope you are both sitting down."

"Wait, before you begin, I have to get something," I said and I went to get
a letter. When I came back I said, "Guys, I hope you are both on the
line. The last time Chip and I visited with Aunt Maggie before her death,
she gave me something to read to you at the appropriate time. I think the
time is right."

Dear Tipton and Tyler,

If you are reading this or hearing it, it means that you are finally
realizing what I have known for a long time. I quickly realized that there
was something very special in your relationship. I was hoping to see the
day that Tyler would realize how he really felt about Tip. I think Tip has
always known and that is why he has never had any special friends in a
sexual way.

My only concern is for Ty's children. Since he already has three and there
may be more by now. Rita is a lovely lady but she just wasn't right for you
Ty. Your two chemistries didn't go well together.

I love you both and am glad that this day finally happened. Just remember
that the children need to come first. I am sure that between the two of
you, you will take care of that problem.

I love you both, and good luck.

Grandma Maggie

Tip and Ty started laughing. "So, how come everyone but us realized that
this might happen?"

Chip said, "Some people are just slow learners."

Chip and I had very little private time between the jobs and the twins'
activities. The amazing thing was that we kept having the right tickets
punched and were being fast tracked for promotion and we never left the
D. C. area, so we never had to move. I attained the rank of Major General
and as soon as I had served my 20 years, I retired from the Air Force and
joined a small management-consulting group.

I could work out of the house and was really doing well. I worked for the
company for five years until Chip had retired with the rank of Brigadier
General. We decided to sell the farm, since the boys were married now, and
move back to the Midwest.

The twins had chosen not to go to the Academy. Luke went to Harvard and
Peter went to Princeton. Both guys were at the top of their class the
entire way through school and were graduated from their respective colleges
and they excelled in sports. The grandparents, Chip's parents, and my
mother were proud of the boys, as were we. Luke and Pete had met very
wonderful young women and had gotten married. Luke was working in Denver
and Peter was working in the Phoenix area. They both had excellent jobs

My mother had gone to live with Tina and Alex so she could help with their
four children after the twins were old enough to be self-sufficient. She
was still driving around acting like a chauffeur.

Tim and Elena had two children, a son and a daughter. The son, Randy,
turned out to be gay and Tim and Elena sent him to Chip and me for
help. The two of us helped Randy make some intelligent decisions, and he
went on to be a famous composer and entertainer and won many awards.

Alex and Tina's four children were great examples of the all American
kid. No matter what they did, they did their best and had a good time.

Alex and Tim both stayed in the Air Force for 30 years and attained the
rank of Lieutenant General.

Scott went through three wives and never advanced beyond Lieutenant Colonel
because he had a drinking problem. One morning he was found dead after
overdosing on some medications. He had left a note. "Horsemen, I'm sorry. I
can't be like the rest of you. I just don't have the same drive as the rest
of you. I have always been in love with Chip and Troy but there was nothing
I could do about it. I loved all of you. I'm sorry I let you down. I just
couldn't make it by myself."

The End

So ends the story of the Four Horsemen of General's Row that started in
church. Look for several more stories involving some of the people in this
story. Maybe it will be about Randy and Billy and perhaps there will be
more on the Tip and Ty saga. Who knows?

If you want to read other interesting stories, visit www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2007 06:46:05 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 12

The General's Sons
Chapter 12 - The Equation Is Completed
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

Everything was progressing and the guys were busy from morning until night.
Tim and Ty and were on the baseball team.  Scott and Alex ran track and Tip
and Chip were the number 1 and number 2 golfers on the team.  All of the
guys started to receive scholarship offers from some prestigious
universities.

Alex and Scott received their appointments to the academy so the four
horsemen would be together for at least four more years.  Tip accepted a
scholarship offer from Creighton to play basketball and Ty chose to accept
the football scholarship to attend the University of Nebraska at Lincoln
where he would concentrate on football since he had made the all state team
both as an offensive and defensive player.

Tina received a full ride to the University of Colorado where she would
play volleyball.  She and Elena were going to be sharing a room in the dorm
their freshman year.  They would be able to get together with Tim and Alex
when there was time.

All of a sudden it was time for graduation.  General and Mrs. Miller came
for the guys' graduation ceremony.  They were surprised when Chip was
announced as the valedictorian.  He gave a short inspirational speech.  He
turned the program over to Tim.  "Since I only beat my big brother by .1 of
a point, I would like to turn the rest of my time over to him since he is
the class clown.  Now watch him fall apart."

Tim was very eloquent and had the people laughing, "Ladies and gentlemen,
actually Chip is a ventriloquist and he is throwing the words to my mouth.
He realized after ten hours of practice that there was no way I could
remember what I was supposed to say."

"Chip and I want to acknowledge some very special people.  First our
parents who were wise enough to realize that we needed to stay here to
finish high school.  They were very wise in choosing the next person I want
to introduce to you to be our guardian.  There are a lot of us in this
class who owe this person a bunch of thanks.  Would our parents and Major
Troy Nelson please stand?  The three of us stood and there was a large
round of applause especially from some of the seniors and their parents."

Chip came forward and said, "I knew Tim would go on like a politician.  I
would like to turn the program back to our principal, Mr. James Arthur and
our School Board President, Mrs. Martha Grace.

The guys sat down.

Mrs. Grace came forward and said, "Thank you Ying and Yang.  You just stole
some of my thunder.  "The last three years have been some of the most
exciting in our school's history.  This senior class has truly excelled and
we will miss them.  We have won a number of state championships and have
some individuals who have won state titles.  As I call your names, I would
like for you to stand.  First Mr. Chip Miller, Mr. Tim Miller, Mr. Tip
Washington, Mr. Ty Jefferson, Miss Elena Rodgers, Miss Lori Stiverson,
Mr. Scott Young and Mr. Alex Allen.  These people couldn't have excelled
without the support of this person."

"I also would like to point out that they are all in the top five percent
of their class.  I have spoken to each of them and asked where they got
their inspiration and they all said Troy Nelson.  I relinquish the rest of
my time to Major Troy Nelson."

I went forward, "Ladies and gentlemen, I have no comments prepared.  I've
been blindsided again.  I would just like to remind the members of this
graduating class, that it is not important what you become in your life.  I
don't care if you are a general, painter a teacher or a plumber.  Please
remember that the most important thing in your life is your family.  Just
be who you are and do it to the best of your ability."

"Don't be judgmental even to people have different values than you have.
One last thing, don't let your lives be controlled by other people,
especially fanatical groups or the politically affluent.  Vote
intelligently and let the government leaders know you are unhappy if you
are."

"It's time we take control of our own destiny and stop being controlled
groups.  I admonish you in this graduating class go out there and make your
voices heard."

I sat down and everyone stood and gave me a resounding standing ovation.
After the applause stopped, the diplomas were handed out with Chip and Tim
leading group.

Tim and Chip were double dating and I had let them take my car.  They went
to the club for a party that was being held in the ball room.  General and
Mrs. Miller and I made a brief appearance.  We stayed just long enough to
visit with some of the other adults.  Maggie came up to me and said, "Boy,
this is probably the proudest day of my life.  None of my own children or
grandchildren has even come close to doing what you got out of Tip and Ty,
thank you."

As I was leaving Chip came over and whispered, "Troy, the equation has been
completed.  Does that mean I get my prize tonight?"

I whispered back, "I have a headache so I guess you will just have to wait.
Besides we wouldn't want you still crying when we have early breakfast with
your parents in the morning."

I looked at Tim and Elena and asked, "Are you going to the farm with us
tomorrow for Tina's graduation?"

Elena said, "My grandparents are here from San Diego so I think I'll stay
and visit with them if it's okay.  We don't get to see them very often
because they live in San Diego."

Mrs. Miller said, "I think that is a very nice thought.  You and Tim can
get together with Alex and Tina almost anytime.  I'm sure Tina will
understand."

Tina spoke up, "I just wish we had grandparents but they have all died so
enjoy them while you can."

Tim, Chip and Tina arrived at the house about 11:30.  Chip came into the
bedroom and locked the door.  He took off all of his clothes and put them
in the appropriate places.  He crawled naked into bed with me and asked,
"Troy, can we wait until we get to the apartment on the farm before I take
your cherry?  We have a guest in the house, and I wouldn't want your sister
to hear you crying."

I crawled on top of Chip and worked my mouth and tongue over the top of his
body slowing working my may downward making detours to the sides o touch
all of the sensitive places on his body.  I finally reached the object of
my downward search started administering to his penis which became fully
inflated in no time.  I must say that Chip was certainly well endowed.

I took that at attention appendage and started working it with my mouth and
tongue.  Chip just couldn't control himself because he quickly started
feeding me his essence which seemed to just keep coming.  He finally
stopped and he began to deflate.  He eventually went limp and just fell
into my arms.

I was just about asleep when he reciprocated.  I couldn't believe the
intensity of the feelings that I was feeling.  All of a sudden it was like
my insides were being pulled out of me.

We finally got to sleep, but were awakened in the morning by Tim.  He and
Tina had fixed breakfast.  Chip and I quickly showered and were ready
before the Millers and Alex arrived.  Tina and Alex ate a hurried breakfast
and left for the farm.

As soon as Tina and Alex had left, General Miller started, "We have several
things to talk about with you.  Please let us finish before you interject.
You really need to hear what we have to say.  We have waited until we
thought you would be emotionally able to handle and process the
information."

Mrs. Miller said, "Chip and Tim, we are not your biological parents.  We
adopted you when you were almost a year old.  Your real parents were our
best friends when your Fathers were Captains.  Your parents were scheduled
to take a trip with both sets of your grandparents.  They had to check on
some business ventures in Hawaii. We volunteered to keep you guys since you
were only nine months old.  Their plane crashed over the Pacific Ocean and
their bodies were never recovered.  All 102 passengers and crew were
declared dead after a month."

Your parents had given us powers of attorney to act in their behalf if
something should happen.  It was relatively easy for us to adopt you.  I
knew that I could never bear a child so you made us feel whole."

Chip interrupted, "As far as I am concerned, you are our parents.  You have
loved and nurtured us and trusted us enough to let us stay with the fat boy
over there.  Now I have a question.  Dad, you are of British decent and
Mother your family came from Sweden, I have the feeling that our biological
parents were from either Spain or Portugal and Italy."

The General almost dropped his coffee, "Chip, why did you even think that?"

"Dad, look at Tim.  He has the features of a stoic Roman and I look like a
dashing Iberian."

Everyone started to laugh, Tim said, "Dad and Mother, as far as I am
concerned you are our parents and will always be so.  Dad and Mother, you
are the Grandparents for our children when and if we ever have any."

General Miller interrupted, "Guys, we have one more item to discuss."  He
handed the guys each a folder.  Chip quickly glanced through his folder and
handed it to me.

Tim however, looked through the folder and sputtered, "Dad and Mother, I
don't understand what this means.  It says that the Timothy J. Miller
investment fund is valued at nearly $10,000,000.00."

General Miller answered, "Guys, you're biological grandparents as well as
you parents were anything but poor.  Because they had taken the proper
precautions, the funds were placed into your mother's and my care until you
were graduated from high school."

"We chose to invest the funds in conservative accounts.  Additionally when
Grandpa and Grandma Miller died, they added to your funds.  Since you are
the only Grandchildren in your mother's family, I am sure that there will
be an additional sizeable amount coming to you at some point in time."

"Now the important question is what do you want us to do with the funds?"
the General asked.

Chip said, "Mother and Dad, I want to thank you for being such good
stewards of our money.  I would like to leave my funds where they are for
now, but I would like to name Troy as my beneficiary if something should
happen to me."

"Chip, please don't do that, but if you insist in involving me, then make
me the director of the Chip Miller Endowment Fund, until such time as you
decide what to do with the funds."

"No one outside my family knows what I am going to say and it needs to stay
that way.  My Mother's family was very wealthy and they left everything to
my brother, Tina and me.  After taxes, we each received $2,000,000.00.  My
parents and I invested Tina's and my funds across the board.  My brother
started investing in real estate so he has done quite well with his funds
also.  So everyone, I am fine financially."

Tim spoke up, "Dad and Mother, I'll just assign Troy as the administrator
of my funds, since I won't have to worry about him trying to rob me blind.
Besides I tend to get a little carried away sometimes so he can keep me in
check."

We finished breakfast and the phone rang.  "This is Chip Miller, how may I
help you? ^� Thank you sir, we'll bring our parents to the field.  We'll
have them there in 30 minutes.  Thanks you for the call sir."

He came back to the dining room and said, "Mother and Dad, your plane will
be landing in ten minutes.  We'll take you to the terminal."

I looked at the Millers and said, "Guys, you take you parents to the
terminal and I'll get cleaned up and get Chip and me packed for the farm."

The Millers both cornered me and thanked me for making the guys'
achievements possible.  "We realized that if we had taken them with us,
they might have fallen through the cracks."

Mrs. Miller said, "Troy, I think that Chip's becoming involved with you was
meant to be.  At first we didn't understand, but now there is no question
in our minds.  You were sent to us by a strong power.  Troy, we have come
to look upon you as another son.  Just keep the guys headed in the right
direction."

I looked at them and said, "I just hope that if I ever have any children
which is very doubtful, that they will be as wonderful as your two sons."
I hugged them as they left.

I cleaned up the dishes and had packed when the two guys came back.  They
both wanted to talk.  They were concerned about what had transpired and
were concerned that they had upset their parents.

I assured them, "Guys, you did nothing wrong.  Your parents laid a lot of
information on you in a short period of time this morning.  I suggest that
you call them and thank them for telling you the truth.  Your parents have
bent over backwards to make sure that the two of you have the best.  They
need to know that you love and appreciate everything that they have done
for you.  Guys, you are two very lucky young men."

Both Chip and Tim fell against me.  Tim looked at me and said, "Troy,
thanks for being here for us.  I love you and I don't mean in the way Chip
does.  Thanks for caring for us."

Chip broke the tenseness, "Troy, did you get Tim's chastity belt for when
we are gone."

Tim dove for Chip; they fell on the floor holding each other.  "Chip, I
have been told to check to see if yours was snug.  Dad and Mother are
worried about you getting pregnant before the academy."

The two guys looked at me and came at me.  "Troy, we need to check your
belt to make sure it is not too loose."

I pushed them away and said, "Guys, I regret to inform you that your Dad
couldn't find one large enough for me.  All he said was Que Sera Sera."

The two guys started to laugh.  I hugged Tim as Chip and I were leaving for
the farm.  Chip was extremely quiet as we were driving to the farm.  We
were getting close when out of the clear blue he asked, "Troy, is it going
to hurt when we take each other's virginity?"

"Chip, how would I know?  We will just have to take our time and make sure
our partner is well prepared."  I looked at him.

"Troy, could we pull into a secluded place and make love to each other with
our mouths since we don't have any lube?"

I pulled off into a deserted lane and we took care of each other's needs
simultaneously.  Chip released his essence of life faster than me but I
wasn't far behind.

When we finished, we just held each other.  We stopped at my parents' house
and then went to the main house and talked to Tony and Betsy who was about
ready to deliver their first child.

Chip and I went to the garage apartment and changed clothes and went back
to my parents' house for dinner before going to the graduation ceremony. My
brother and his wife arrived and the twins insisted that they wanted to
spend the night with Chip and me.  We didn't resist.

When we got to the graduation ceremony, we were escorted to special seats
which I thought was odd.  The twins sat on Chip's and my laps.

When Tina was announced as the valedictorian, she made a short speech and
said, "I turn the rest of my time over to my brother who was the
valedictorian seven years ago.  He made a short speech at a graduation
ceremony in Bellevue, Nebraska last night.  I just hope his Alzheimer's
hasn't set in and he can remember what he said because his message was very
powerful."

I handed Luke to Alex and went to the stage and made basically the same
speech I had given the night before, but left out all references to the
military since this after all was mainly a farm community.

After the ceremony, Chip and Alex escorted Tina and her friend Leanne to a
party.  The twins insisted that they had to come home with me and wait for
Uncle Chip.  The three of us were in bed when Chip came in.  He showered
quickly and Luke rolled against him since I had Pete in my arms.

The next morning, Chip and I got out of bed and helped Tony with the
chores.  When we came back to the apartment, the twins were still asleep.
We got the twins up and took our showers and went to my parents' house for
breakfast.

After church and lunch, Chip and I had to go back to Offutt, since I had a
function that I had to attend that night.  The twins were upset, but just
held us and said, "We love you Uncle Troy and Uncle Chip."

When I got home that night, Chip was waiting for me.  He led me to our
bedroom and locked the door.  He had everything waiting.  He insisted that
I make love to him first.  I did and he never complained.  I went slowly
and when I felt him tense up, I remained stationary.

Finally, I had made full penetration and established a nice rhythm.  I
couldn't last long because I was so sexually aroused and I filled his
interior with my very being.

When I recovered, he reciprocated but it hurt like Hades even though he had
prepared me and moved very slowly.  Finally I was relaxed and Chip only
lasted a short time.  I looked at him and held him close.  "You'd better be
available in nine months.  I'm probably going to have triplets."

"That's okay.  We'll just put our families together and we'll have
sextuplets."

Chip pulled me close and said, "Troy, that was a very painful experience
for me at first, but after I relaxed, I was exhilarated.  Is it always
going to be that painful?"

"Chip, I don't know but if it is then we won't be doing it very often.  I
don't want to hurt you."

If you would like to read more of this story and other good stories, you
might want to visit www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sat, 23 Jun 2007 12:04:47 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 11

The General's Son
Chapter 11 -- Another Dance
By E Walk
(copyrighted by the author)

The next weekend found Chip and me at my parents' home with Alex. This
weekend was homecoming for my old high school. We went to the game, which
my high school won. The next day Tina conned Chip into taking her best
friend to the homecoming dance. I got a call asking if I would be a
chaperone since my parents were already going to be there. I went, but
without a date.

It was fun seeing some old friends of both sexes. Chip watched my every
move. When the emcee for the night started, she said, "Ladies and
gentlemen, our queen for this year will be escorted to the throne by her
big brother who was the homecoming king seven years ago. I present Miss
Tina Nelson and her awesome brother, Troy Nelson."

I took Tina forward and faded away. Chip came over and kicked me in the
leg. The emcee came forward and said, "The princess for this year is Leanne
Golding who will be escorted by her date for the evening who just happened
to be one of the crown princes of his homecoming last week along with his
brother in Bellevue, Nebraska, Mr. Chip Miller."

Chip came back from escorting Lori and stood beside me and punched me with
his elbow. He looked at me and said, "I'll get even with you."

"Hey, I had nothing to do with this. If you are not careful, I'll ship you
off to your parents for the rest of the year."

The king and the prince were announced and after the royalty danced with
their counterparts. Tina came and got me and Leanne came to get
Chip. Leanne said, "Chip, you are the best looking guy here except for
maybe Troy. I guess it is good thing I am not into guys. I'd be proud to be
seen with you anytime or anywhere."

It was almost midnight when Chip came into our garage apartment. He took a
shower and lay on his side of the bed. Finally he said, "Troy did you know
anything about what was going to happen tonight? I felt like a
hick. Everyone was dressed in tuxedoes but me. I just had my suit
on. That's not all. Leanne told me she wasn't into guys and to make things
even worse, the King came and tried to put the make on me. What bothers me
most is that he said he had always been in love with you."

I pulled Chip close and said, "Chip, nothing ever happened between me and
Andy. He was a younger brother of the biggest stud in my graduating
class. In fact, I think his brother has five children already. I think I
was like the big brother he never had because Randy was always chasing and
making out with all of the skirts in town."

I continued, "Chip, don't you understand? It is not the clothes that make
the person. You know what. My parents and I decided you were the best
looking young man at the dance tonight. Tina disagreed because she was
holding out for Alex. Chip, you have to understand that you and Tim are
both very handsome young men and are going to turn many people's knobs. You
both need to learn to control the outside influences."

He rolled into my arms and just held me. "Your tongue has been bitten by
the serpent's tongue in the Garden of Eden."

The next morning we got up and helped Tony with the chores. Alex joined
us. Tina was helping in the kitchen.

We went to church and the Father came to me and asked if I would play the
organ since the regular organist was ill. I did as asked. After church,
Chip and I went back to Bellevue. Alex had his own car and would be coming
back later.

When Chip and I checked in, Tim was waiting for us. "Troy you need to call
your Mother and General Ryan."

I called my Mother first since we had just left her about two hours
before. "Hi Mother, what is wrong?"

She didn't mince any words. "Troy, your Dad and I wanted to talk about
selling the farm to Tony but we never had a chance. Would you have any
problem with it? Tina will be going to college and your brother is okay
with it. We are going to stipulate that that garage apartment is yours as
long as you want it."

"Dad, are you on?" I asked

"Yep, I'm here," Dad answered.

"Mom and Dad, I think it would be wonderful. Of course you need to
stipulate that Dad will help Tony when he can," Troy said.

"Tony has already asked me to help four hours a day if possible," Dad
answered.

I thought for a minute, "Tony is a very astute businessman and will be good
farm manager. He will be able to make the farm work.

My Dad came back on and said, "He has already hired a young couple to help
him since Betsy is pregnant. I just hope he doesn't work himself into the
grave."

"Dad, I think Tony will make sure that doesn't happen especially when the
babies start popping out. Tony and Betsy will be very dedicated to their
family just like you and Mother."

"Okay Troy, We'll keep you advised as to what is happening."

I called the Ryan residence. "This is Major Nelson. I had message to call
General Ryan."

"Hi, Troy, this is Meg. Could you bring the Miller boys over to our
quarters? My husband has some exciting news."

"Ma'am, they are both practically naked. Would you like them that way or
with some clothes on?"

"It would probably be better if they had clothes on so I don't have a heart
attack. The Youngs and the Allens will be here also," Mrs. Ryan answered.

I got the guys together and we got dressed in casual clothes. They both
looked at me and I shrugged my hands and shoulders.

We arrived at the Ryan residence just as the Youngs and the Allens
arrived. Alex was still dressed as we had seen him at the farm.  When
everyone was seated, General Ryan said, "I am retiring as of the 31st of
December. I have inoperable cancer."

He continued, "I was scheduled to become the Air Force Chief of
Staff. Since I am retiring, the President has nominated Tim and Chip's
father to that position. General Young will be receiving his fourth star
and take over this command on January 1st."

"General Allen will receive his 3rd star and become the new vice
commander. We are going to retire to our home in Phoenix and enjoy life for
as long as I can. Troy, everyone has already agreed that you will keep your
position until you leave for school."

"Chip and Tim, your appointments to the academy have been confirmed. Scott
and Alex are on hold pending the results of their ACT and SAT scores. It
seemed that Troy coerced his guys into taking them last year and they must
have done extremely well. I recommend that the rest of you Four Horsemen
get your acts together and cream the test this year so there will be no
doubts"

"Troy, we all know that you and Chip are very close and are always together
as much as you can be. I take it there has never been anything sexual in
your relationship."

Tim spoke up before I could answer. "General Ryan, I can honestly say that
there has been no sexual contact between Chip and Troy. I sleep nude with
these ugly ducklings at least half of the time. Other than a fatherly kiss
there is no contact.

"Sir, I'm beginning to think that Troy doesn't know how to get a
hard-on. Pardon my crassness, but he has made it clear that there will be
no sex until Chip becomes of legal age. Gentlemen, you must all realize
that Troy would never force himself on anyone. Our parents recognize that
attribute -- or, why else would they have left us in his care?

"He is not dictatorial, but he makes us think through our decisions. He has
a family that is very important to him -- just ask Alex. Troy would relieve
Alex of a certain part of his anatomy if he ever hurt his sister. What is
more, the two nephews think that the sun rises and sets on Uncle Troy and
Uncle Chip. They always glue themselves to those guys."

Troy looked at Tim and shook his head. Tim said, "I apologize if I offended
anyone but other than my parents, the first person I would go to with a
problem would be Troy"

The room was stone quiet. General Ryan said, "Guys, I know what a great guy
Troy is. I don't need to be convinced but I am concerned about some of the
rest of you. Troy is going to land on his feet wherever he goes and
whatever he does. It is the rest of you young men that I am worried
about. He has tried to help you young guys and Tip and Ty to make your mark
but he can only do so much. The rest is up to you guys. Just don't any of
you let him down. Oh by the way, Tim, Colonel Rodgers is about to receive
his first star."

Tim looked at General Ryan, "Sir, I'm not dating Colonel/General
Rodgers. I'm dating his daughter. She is probably less impressed by rank
than I am. Rank is not important to anyone except in the military. People
and how they treat others is more important. The important thing is to show
that we can make a difference in other people's lives."

I stood and said, "Sir, I need to get these guys home so they can get ready
for tomorrow. Thank you for sharing the good news and the bad news
tonight."

Chip, Tim, and I left. No one talked on the way home. When Chip and I got
into bed, Tim joined us. "Guys, I apologize for loosing it tonight."

I pulled Tim close and to me and said, "Tim, you could have done major
damage to your father's career. Need I say more? You need to think before
you talk sometimes."

Tim started to get tears in his eyes, "Troy, I am sorry."

I just held the two guys and we went to sleep.

Everything was going smoothly. The Allens had invited everyone for
Thanksgiving. My parents were impressed with the General Quarters. Tina
stayed with Elena and my parents, my brother, and his wife stayed with
us. The twins slept with the guys and me.

The rest of the guys took the ACTs and SATs. Chip and Tim had already maxed
them and the others all did extremely well.

At Christmas, General and Mrs. Miller returned for the holidays. They had
the VIP guest quarters on base -- thank goodness for Lauren, because we
were busy going to farewell parties for General Ryan and welcoming parties
for General Young. Right after the New Year, the guys and I flew to
Washington, D. C. for the change of command ceremony when General Miller
became the Chief of Staff of the Air Force.

It was during this trip that we met the President and a bunch of
dignitaries. The day before we retuned to Offutt the guys turned 18. Chip
crawled into bed and held me and rubbed me all over, "Only one-half of the
equation to go and then you are all mine."

I looked at him and said, "What if I change my mind?"

"You do that and you will be sore from the operation I'm going to
perform. You'll probably die from loss of blood," Chip glared.

"Oh boy, I guess I forgot to warn you. I don't have any blood I only have
ice water in my veins." I grabbed Chip and pulled him close. "Remember,
turkey, I'm an old man. I could have a heart attack. After all I have been
around for nearly a quarter of a century. I'll probably have a beard as
long as Rip Van Winkle before you attain the other half of the equation and
then you won't be able to find my private parts."

Chip laughed, "All the better to hide my man when I am making him feel
good."

We were laughing when Tim came in and asked what was so funny. We told him
and he started to laugh. "Geez, you must have a bunch of those spermy
things running around in here." Tim said as he caressed my testicles."

"For someone who is straight, you sure do like to touch. You are a
lecherous old man," I challenged.

"I'm not old. I'm just jealous of your sexual apparatus," Tim pouted.

I hugged both guys.

To be continued

If you want to read more of this story and o0ther interesting stories, you
might like to visit www.tickiestories.us

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Fri, 15 Jun 2007 12:14:19 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 10

The General's Son
Chapter 10 -- Follow the Yellow Brick Road
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

There was no way I could go with Chip and Tim to Europe, so we decided to
have our Christmas when they returned. My twin nephews kept asking where
Chip was. I just took them to bed each night with me until they left for
Kansas City with their parents on the 27th. I had to go back to the base to
work. Chip and Tim returned on the 30th. I picked them up at the airport
and took them to my parents' house, where we had another Christmas. My
brother and his wife came back to the farm with the twins.


The twins smothered the two guys. Chip and Tim just hugged them. The guys
were really surprised when Ian and Cheryl showed up followed by Alex in the
car that he had gotten for Christmas. He had gotten his driver's license on
December 23rd. He brought Scott and Tip with him.

Tim was wowed by Alex's Christmas gift from his parents. Chip thought it
was cool but his mind was on other things. Alex and Scott looked at me and
winked. They knew something that only they and I knew.

On New Year's Day after a big breakfast and a bunch of hugs, we went back
to Offutt in caravan. Everyone agreed to meet at our house for some
sandwiches and cookies. When we arrived at the house, there was a bunch of
gifts under the tree.

I gave the guys all of the boring packages like socks and underwear, and
then I threw them each a box that had a message attached. Chip's said,
"Follow the Yellow Brick Road." Tim's said, "Somewhere over the Rainbow."
Alex, Scott, Tip and Ty had helped me place the trails that led all over
the house and wound up in the garage where a six-year-old truck was waiting
for Chip. Tim's trail ended up at a four-year-old Honda Accord.

Both guys started rushing at me. I put up my hands and said, "Don't blame
me. You had better check to see whom they are from. The guys crawled into
their respective vehicles and found the cards that said Happy Birthday from
Dad and Mother.

Both guys climbed out of their vehicles stunned. Chip smacked his head and
said, "I forgot that this was our birthday."

I looked at them and said, "Yep, now why don't you two ding-dongs get in
the house and call your parents? They are expecting your call."

The two guys took off and the rest of us went into the kitchen. I had two
ice cream cakes each with 16 candles. People started to arrive and soon
there were more than thirty people in the house.  Everyone brought gag
gifts except my parents who gave the guys each a pair of bibbed overalls
and a flannel shirt for when they were at the farm.

Luke and Pete gave them each a straw hat and a pair of sunglasses. Tina
gave them foot deodorizer. Finally everyone left and the guys had me
alone. Tim surprised me by saying, "It's a good thing Chip found you first
or I might consider turning gay. Troy, I love you and I'm so glad that you
are my brother-in-law."

Chip put his head on my shoulder. I looked at the two guys and said, "I
suggest that we clean up this mess and get ready for bed so we can get your
learner's permits tomorrow. I have lined up Tony and Ian to work with
you. I don't think my nerves could handle riding around with you. Plus I
will be leaving for school on the fourth.

The two guys attacked me. We took our showers and we all crawled into my
bed with our briefs on. I left for SOS and Ian and Tony moved in. They took
the guys driving and they both made perfect scores on the written tests and
the officers who took them for their driving test commended them both.

The guys continued to work hard while I was gone. Tip and the basketball
team had done very well reaching the regional finals. Tim and his swim team
had done well. He and Scott were both on the free style relay team that
came in second at the state competition.

I worked hard at SOS and was the honor graduate. When I got home it was
like I had never been gone. I announced that I would be moving back to the
BOQ since Ian and Tony had everyone going on high gear. Four guys
immediately attacked me.

Ian and Tony said, "We can't handle this pressure any longer. We will be
too old to have our own children. The guys have been counting the days
until you got back. The twins are worried that you are sick and they want
to see their Uncle Troy."

Tony and Ian were like assistant baseball coaches. Tim was the starting
shortstop and Ty was starting in left field. The guys had a respectable
season. Chip and Tip made the first team of the school golf team but didn't
advance to the next round. Scott and Alex had been on the track team.

Tony and Ian had continued with their courses during the time I was gone
and they had both done well. I made Tim and Chip take the SATs and the ACTs
and they did extremely well. The guys again had perfect grades as did Tip
and Ty. Scott and Alex also had very good grades.

I had been assigned to General Davis' office when I returned from school. I
was the assistant executive officer but the General and others had me
writing speeches for them all the time. Everyone was complimentary about
the speeches. Even Colonel Leathers, General Davis' executive officer,
never bothered me. It was like everyone had been told hands off.

When school was over Tim and Chip went to spend 30 days with their parents
in Europe. The rest of the guys continued to work especially Tip and
Ty. Now that they were 16 they could work as many hours as they wanted --
up to 40 hours a week. The people who used the gym were always asking for
them to work with them.

Tony, Ian and I took college courses during the summer. I had to finish my
work early since I was going to spend the last 10 days with the Millers in
Europe before the guys came back to our house. The guys had scheduled a
trip to the British Isles for us. My favorite sights turned out to be
Stonehenge, The Book of Kells in Dublin, and the museums in London. The
Millers made sure that we did not miss anything.

When we got home, we spent every weekend we could at the farm. My parents
treated all of us like we were family and the little twins seemed to always
be there. They loved their Uncle Chip, Uncle Tim and Uncle Troy.

The guys' junior year started and I made them work hard. They were in
advanced placement courses. The guys never complained because I was working
as hard as they did. I made the guys take the SATs and ACTs again.

The guys socialized and were very popular, but neither of them found anyone
who would make them want to get married.

Tim was selected to the All-State Baseball team. Chip won the state singles
tennis championship. Scott and Alex had lost in the doubles final.

Ty was on the second-string all-state football defensive team and Tip was
an honorable mention on the state basketball team. All six of our guys had
a great junior year. Their grades were outstanding.

Tim and Chip went to Europe for a month at the end of the year and I made
the trip for the last ten days. We toured the Scandinavian countries. When
we got back, we were extremely busy. Tony and Betsy got married. The only
bad part was that somewhere along the line, people found out that I could
play the organ so that's what I did for the wedding and they had Ty sing. A
big contingent from Offutt attended their wedding.

Tony decided not to reenlist. I convinced him that he should move to the
farm. I wanted to build my parents a small house on two acres of the
farm. Tony and Betsy jumped at the chance. We worked out all of the details
and the deal was settled so they would be living in the farmhouse as soon
as my parents' new house was built.

Ian and Cheryl got married, Ian was promoted to Major, and they were
assigned to the embassy in Paris. Again, I played the organ, but Ty asked
not to sing.

I was promoted to be General Davis' executive officer even though I was a
relatively new Captain. That was about to change as I was promoted to Major
and selected to go to Air Command and Staff school the next fall after the
guys were graduated from high school. In the meantime, I continued to work
on my Doctorate degree in Management.

The guys complained that all I ever did was go to class and study.

Right after the guys started their senior year, Tim started to date a
really wonderful girl. They had known each other for a number of years but
this was the first time they had any classes together. They started to date
seriously and Elena started appearing at our house for study sessions one
or two nights a week. The two of them always made sure that they were
always visible if someone was looking.

It was time for the Homecoming Dance and Elena fixed Chip up with a
date. The guys were fretting about what to wear. I suggested that they wear
their dark suits with a white shirt and bow tie. That would be much less
expensive than renting a tuxedo and they would also be more comfortable all
night long. Needless to say, I received no argument.

On Wednesday, I received a call from General Young asking if I would be a
chaperone representing the base for the Homecoming Dance. I shook my head,
but said, "Sir, I'll call Lauren and see if she will accompany me," I
answered.

"Oh by the way the other representative is Colonel Rodgers, Elena's
father," General Young said as he hung up.

The General had no more than hung up than Colonel Rodgers called, "This is
George Rodgers. I understand that you are also chaperoning the Homecoming
Dance. What do you think we should wear?"

"Sir, my guys decided not to rent tuxedoes but they chose instead to wear
dark suits with a white shirt and a black bow tie; but since we never get
many chances to wear our dress uniforms, I suggest that we wear them since
we are going to be representing the base."

I continued, "Now that we know who the Homecoming Queen is, we just need to
figure out which one of my guys is going to be the Homecoming King. Why
else would they ask a single person to be a chaperone?"

Colonel Rodgers laughed, "No wonder you are General Ryan's Executive
Officer. See you Saturday night: perhaps we could all get together for a
nice dinner beforehand. Tell the guys to plan on it."

I said nothing to the guys. On Thursday after school Tim came home and
said, "I understand you don't trust us, so you decided to chaperone the
Homecoming Dance."

"What are you talking about?" Chip asked.

"Elena told me that the boss here is chaperoning the dance with her
parents." Tim answered.

"Guys, I didn't exactly volunteer. General Young called and requested that
I be one of the chaperones. Captains don't usually go around telling
Generals no."

Chip started to say something then it seemed like a light came on, "Well
Tim, I guess that means you are the Homecoming King and Elena is the
Queen. Why else would a Colonel and his wife and bachelor be asked to be
chaperones?"

"Troy is he correct?" Tim asked.

"Guys, I have no idea who the king and queen are for sure.  But I would bet
my clothes that it is one of you and Elena." I held them both.

I forgot to mention a couple of things about the guys. Tim had been elected
the student council president and Chip was elected the senior class
president even though he didn't want to run. Tip had gathered the
signatures to have him put on the ballot and he won. Tip was his vice
president.  Scott was Tim's vice president. Ty and Alex absolutely refused
to run. Alex wanted to be able to go to the farm whenever he wanted and Ty
knew that he had to apply himself to the books.

The guys went to the game on Friday after Tina arrived. We always put her
in Chip's room. I went to the game with Maggie. Chip looked around to see
if I was there. The game turned out with Bellevue West finally winning by
20-17 over archrival Bellevue East. The important thing was that Ty had
returned a punt for a touchdown, caught a pass for another and intercepted
three passes. He was awarded the game ball.

The guys came in at 11:30 after dropping their dates off. Chip came in and
showered and crawled into bed with me. "Troy, I don't want to be the
homecoming king. I don't want people chasing after me. I only want to be
with you."

"Chip look at me. Chip, people can chase all they want and undress you as
you walk by but they aren't going to do anything with you unless you let
them. You are a beautifully developed young man who is also very
handsome. I am sure that many of your schoolmates are jealous of how
handsome you and Tim are. They probably have a hard time understanding why
you both are so unassuming. That makes you both so mysterious in your own
ways."

I pulled Chip close and said, "Chip, you need to understand that I fell in
love with you because you are who you are. You know what you want and you
go after it and almost always succeed. Now give me a hug and kiss and go to
sleep."

Saturday morning I had to go to work because we had some dignitaries
visiting. I left the guys with the instructions to pick up the corsages and
do some grocery shopping and told them to find a nice restaurant for us to
go to before the dance.

By the time I had gotten home about 2:00 they had everything completed. It
was such a nice afternoon that we went for a run. Afterwards, we showered
and dressed. I picked up Lauren and we drove to the Gordons' house, where
we met Chip, his date Lori, and Tim. Alex and Tina joined us. The guys had
made reservations, but they wouldn't tell us where. We followed Alex, who
was driving his parents' van. The Gordons rode with Lauren and me.

It seemed like we were driving to California, but finally we arrived at the
restaurant. I had never been there, but Lauren was impressed. We entered
the restaurant, called Di Coppia, and we were seated by a maitre de in a
tux.

He nodded and said, "Your server tonight is Johan. He will take care of
your every need."

Once they were seated, the young man helped put our napkins on our laps. He
moved to Mrs. Gordon and asked, "Ma'am what can I bring you from the
bar. My source says that you like Martini on the rocks with an onion."

Mrs. Gordon said, "That would be nice. Thank you."

Johan continued, "Colonel Gordon, I understand that you like your scotch on
the rocks neat." The Colonel nodded and smiled.

"Miss Lauren, I take it you would like your usual Tom Collins with two
cherries and two orange slices. Mr. Nelson, I understand that you are the
designated driver so is it water or iced tea?"  Johan turned to the six
teenagers and said, "Would you like a Shirley Temple or Roy Rodgers. I
understand that you two are still wet behind the ears."

He went to get the drinks and his assistant brought warm bread. When the
drinks were served, Johan and his assistant served the soup. Alex piped up,
"I don't remember ordering any soup. Did I fall asleep or something?"

Johan answered, "You probably fell asleep from the Roy Rodgers. Actually,
some of your friends ordered your dinners for you. They said I was to serve
you anything that had alcohol in it and cost a lot of money, since three of
you are the General's children."

I looked at Johan and said, "Now I place you, Johan. You are assigned to
the Rec Center. So I'm guessing Tip and Ty got to you to give us a hard
time."

"Guilty as charged sir, they even ordered your meal for you. They wanted to
make sure that you would get to the dance on time."

Dinner was exquisite and when the check came Colonel Gordon was going to
pay it. I sent him a signal. "Sir, we will all pay our own way. You can't
be responsible for all of these hungry beasts."

We split the bill five ways and then left a tip on the table.

Colonel Gordon said, "Johan, I would like to talk with you in my office at
0900 on Monday. Thank you for the wonderful attention tonight."

The guys all stopped and shook hands with Johan and his associate, Ray.

We got back to the high school gymnasium, where the dance was getting
started. Tip, Ty, and their dates were greeting everyone as they arrived.

The band started to play and people started to dance. The five of us
couples also danced. There was a large crowd, but they were very well
behaved. At precisely 9:30, Scott started his emcee assignment. He had
everyone laughing. "Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of your homecoming
program organizers I would like to thank all of you for coming. There are
only five of us on the committee who know who you voted to be this year's
royalty. I want to commend everyone who was nominated. Any of you would
have been worthy recipients. I think you will all be extremely pleased at
how the voting turned out."

"This year's Princess is Lori Stiverson. Would her escort please bring her
forward?" Chip took Lori forward and she received her flowers and
crown. Now it is time to announce the Homecoming Queen you elected for this
year. Would her escort bring Miss Elena Rodgers to the stage?"

Tim took Elena to the stage and she received her flowers and crown. The two
boys were standing next to me. Scott and Alex took over like Ying and
Yang. "We have no winner in the race for Homecoming King. It was a family
affair with the two top people tied in the voting. We had to make a
decision so we decided this would be year without a King. Instead we have
the year of the two crowned princes. Would our pages Tip Washington and
Tyler Jefferson please bring our crowned princes forward?"

Tip came and took Chip and Ty came and got Tim and took them to the
platform. Scott and Alex crowned the two guys and stuck a carnation in
their pocket. Scott said, "Ladies the royalty of Bellevue West for 2007,
Mr. Tim Miller and Miss Elena Gordon and Mr. Chip Miller and Miss Lori
Stiverson."

"Don't they make two good looking couples? Now let's watch as they start
off the next set." The two couples danced like pros. When the number ended,
Chip and Lori came and got Lauren and me and we danced with them as did
Colonel and Mrs. Gordon with Tim and Elena.

At the intermission, the principal took the microphone. "I want to thank
everyone for coming and being so well behaved. The royalty that was crowned
tonight are all good examples of what a good leader is. I commend their
parents and relatives. Thank you all for coming and enjoy the rest of the
evening."

If you would like to read more of this story and other good stories, you
might want to visit www..tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Fri, 8 Jun 2007 10:23:46 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 9

The General's Son
Chapter 9 -- It's About School
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

It was right after school started in the fall when Colonel Allen received
word that he was being promoted to Brigadier General. Everyone was
apprehensive about what would happen if he were transferred to another
base. As it turned out, he was assigned to the headquarters as the Deputy
Commander for Maintenance as soon as his replacement was in place.

He left no doubt in anyone's mind that Tony, Maggie and I would be
transferring with him.

Tony, Ian, and I were going to night school at the University of Nebraska
at Omaha on Monday and Wednesday evenings. Ian and I were working on our
master's degrees and Tony was trying to finish his bachelor's degree since
he had a year-and-a-half to go. I had coerced the other two into going with
me so we could share our rides. I made sure that the Four Horsemen and Tip
and Ty worked on their schoolwork and Ian and I were available to help them
as we had time if they needed any. The important thing was that they had
the six of them to help each other.

I insisted that Chip actively participate in all of the social activities
at school. I would go home as often as possible. Chip always went with me
as did Tony and Tip. There was no question about Alex. He could be ready to
go at the drop of a dime.

My parents and Tina were always glad to see us. Many times my brother and
his wife would be there with the twins. Chip and I always slept in the
garage apartment and many times Tip did too. The big change was when we
started to sleep naked. At first it was a little awkward but it didn't take
long before even Tip was not uncomfortable with the situation. He kept
muttering that he couldn't understand how we could be so close to each
other and not be engaged in anything sexual.

Finally he stopped complaining.

Chip and Tip were turning into very handsome young men. They enjoyed the
farm work as much as Tony and I did. In fact I think Alex enjoyed it more
than anyone.

My parents really enjoyed it if I brought a big crew because we could get a
lot of things done. My parents invited the Miller and Allen families to the
farm for Thanksgiving dinner. Of course Aunt Maggie and the boys were
invited as well as Ian. Patty and Lauren were going to Patty's parents for
dinner and Tony was going to go home to spend time with Betsy to finalize
their plans for the wedding. I had given him the week off.

The Allens announced that their daughter, whom I hadn't met, would be
home. She had been in Europe studying for the summer and had returned
directly to Vassar for college in the fall where she was to be graduated
the second week of December.

"The more the merrier," I said. "I'll just tell my parents that they need
to knock out another wall. Besides we need some more people to help with
the farm work. Ian will meet everyone at the Millers' house at 10:00. I'll
take Chip, Alex, and Tip with me on Wednesday afternoon. The rest of you
can caravan down to the farm and we'll eat about 1:00 so everyone who needs
to can get back for Friday."

"I have to cover the office on Friday since Tony is gone. The guys and gals
will have a great time helping my parents put up the Christmas
decorations."

On Thanksgiving there would be 21 for dinner. Mother and the young ladies
got everything ready with the help of us guys. We guys had done the
required farm work. The night before, Chip, Dad, Mother, and I had sat down
and reviewed the plans for the big feast. We had no idea exactly what to
expect, but Chip pondered. "Can we have a little wine? My parents always
toast the first Thanksgiving and those brave people who got this country
started."

Consequently, Chip and I went into to the closest town and got several
bottles of wine. Why, I don't know, because the two Generals and their
families brought more the next day and my brother made a champagne punch.

When everyone had arrived, the meal went off without a hitch. The twins,
who were now walking, came to Chip and me and motioned that they wanted to
be held. Chip picked up Luke and I picked up Pete. We fed them as we
ate. They fell asleep and we put them down for a nap. The guys showed their
families around the farm as the rest of us did the dishes I noticed that
Ian and Cheryl, Alex's sister, seemed to hit it off.

After a snack in the late afternoon, the people who were going back to
Offutt got ready to leave. I stayed to help with the milking and then took
off, but not before Chip cornered me and asked, "Is it okay if the twins
sleep with me so I don't miss you so much?"

I took Chip around the house where I could hold him without anyone seeing
us. I kissed Chip and said, "Chip, I'll give you my cherry when you are
graduated number one in your high school class and you are 18. You are a
beautiful person and I do love you."

I just held Chip and then went and crawled into my car alone since Chip,
Tip, Cheryl, and Ian had decided to stay at the farm.

The next day I was working alone with Maggie since Tony was gone. I got a
call from Lauren, "Troy, General Miller would like for you to join him for
lunch in his office at noon."

I looked at Maggie and she shrugged her shoulders. When I got to General
Miller's office at noon, Mrs. Miller was there and they asked me to follow
them to the briefing room. General Ryan, the four star commander of the
command, came in and said, "Troy, thank you for coming. This is a very
important day for a lot of people."

I still had no clue what was happening so I sat down in the seat beside
Mrs. Miller. General Ryan began, "Rick, it is with great pleasure that I
pin this fourth star on your collar. I would also like to announce that you
have been appointed the Commander of the United States forces in Europe
effective the first of December."

Everyone stood and applauded. I still had no clue as to why I was there.

General Ryan said, "General Young, if you will come forward you will be
receiving your third star and will take General Miller's place as soon as
he has vacated his office. General Allen you will be replacing General
Young and be the new Chief of Staff."

I was even more bewildered as to why I was here. I looked around and saw my
entire family and all of the guys. Chip and Tip were holding the twins
trying to keep them quiet. General Ryan said, "Lieutenant Nelson, would you
please come forward?"

I went forward. "Troy, it is with great pleasure that I present you with
your silver First Lieutenant bars."

Aunt Maggie came out carrying a card, "General Ryan, here are some new
orders."

She handed him a piece of paper and General Ryan said, "There has indeed
been a change. I need to ask Chip Miller and Tip Washington and Troy's two
nephews to come forward and help me."

Chip and Tip had no idea what was going on but they did as asked. The
General handed them each a set of Captain's insignia and said, "The Ip boys
and Lieutenant Nelson's nephews are placing your newest rank on your coat
Captain Nelson. Also here are the keys to your quarters. You have a four
bedroom house now that you will be taking care of the two Miller boys since
their parents are going to be leaving for Europe."

"I have one last piece of information to add, Captain Glenn and Sergeant
Henderson will be staying with Chip and Tim while you are at Squadron
Officer's School for three months starting January 6th. Captain Glenn will
be moving into the executive officer position for General Young. Sergeant
Henderson and Mrs. Jackson will be moving with General Allen and you will
be working with Patty in my office."

I looked at the General and I think I was just about to go down when Chip
and Tip put their arms around me. I was beginning to think I was dreaming
People just don't get promoted from Second Lieutenant to Captain. I looked
out and saw that Tony and Betsy were there as well as Ian and Cheryl. I
realized that everyone knew what was going to happen except the guys and
me.

After the ceremony, we had a nice luncheon that already been pre-arranged
at the club. It was the first time my family, along with Tip and Ty had
been to the club. Needless to say my parents were overwhelmed by everything
that had happened, especially my father.

As everyone was leaving, the Millers came to us and the General said,
"Troy, take your parents to see the quarters before they go back. Guys
think about what you want from our quarters to furnish the house. We won't
be taking anything to Europe except personal things. There is no sense of
everything just sitting in storage unused for two or three years."

We went to look at the quarters and my family was impressed. There were
four bedrooms, a living room and dining area, a small den, a good-sized
kitchen and two-and-a-half baths. There was a double car garage but a
triple-wide driveway. The third space had a carport.

 My family left to go back to the farm. The twins wanted to know if we were
going to be coming with them and I said, "We will come after you sleep in
your PJ's."

Chip, Tim, and I took the measurements of the rooms and made a layout each
room and then went to the Millers' house. I let the two guys negotiate with
their mother on what furniture we would take. She thought of things that we
hadn't thought of like linens, pots and pans, and dishes.

The next morning Chip and I left for the farm. When we got there the twins
were waiting for us. We worked our bottoms off and my mother wanted to know
how the decorating was going. I let Chip explain what was happening.

My mother said, "We'll see it in a week. Mr. Nelson has a doctor's
appointment in Omaha. We'll swing out and see what we have here that you
can use."

"Mom, is it anything serious?" I asked.

"We don't think so. Your dad had his physical and the doctor detected an
irregular heartbeat; but all the other tests showed that everything else
was performing normally. The test is just a precaution since the facilities
here are limited. The test is going to be done at the University Med Center
at three o'clock on Tuesday," Mother answered.

By the time my parents arrived on Tuesday, we had the house pretty well
fixed up. The Millers were leaving the next morning and we all went to an
early dinner. My mother had measured the windows but didn't say why.

In the morning the guys hugged their parents goodbye at the terminal before
I took them to school.

The Miller's had left me all the paperwork I needed to take care of the
guys. We got settled into a routine and it was like I had always been the
guys' guardian. The guys worked very hard on their schoolwork. We had set
up three normal bedrooms, one for each of us. We had put a bed in the
fourth room with some workout equipment. We put the computer and a desk and
two reading chairs in the den. But the funny part was that we all usually
wound up studying in the living room dining room area since we often had
visitors studying with us.

The next weekend when we went home, my mother had made drapes for all of
the windows so that the house would "look like a home," as she put it. She
was correct in that everyone commented on how comfortable our house
was. Between the Millers' furniture, the things that we had bought at
Goodwill, and the things my parents had given us we had everything we
needed.

Chip slept with me and Tim had his own room but the weird thing was that he
would many nights wind up in bed with Chip and me. One night he said, "I'm
jealous of you two. I just need to know that someone loves me too."

"Timothy, you had better be careful what you wish for. Chip and I love you
but wait until I sic my two nephews on you and besides don't forget about
Lindsay."

"Guys, Lindsay dumped me now that our parents are gone. She was only after
me for our Dad's status on base. Now that I am living with a Captain, she
says I am not worth her time. Ty also told me that she has been putting out
for the quarterback on the football team. Ty really doesn't like her. He
called her a slut."

"Timmy, read my lips. You were lucky to find out now that she was a social
climber and a user. There are many young ladies out there who are dying to
get into your pants. It is better to save yourself until you meet the right
person."

"Not everyone is as lucky as Alex. My sister has no real concern about what
a General is. The only thing she cares about is what kind of person Alex
is. The four horsemen are all special in their own rights. I have a special
feeling for all four of you but I have very special feelings for your
brother."

I guess I forgot to tell you how the fall sports season had gone. Chip had
made the state tennis finals and had come in third. Alex and Scott had lost
in the finals of the regional doubles. Ty had been the starting safety and
was the second string wide receiver. He had scored three touchdowns. Tim
had worked two hours a day. He had started swim team practice as had Scott
and Tip had started basketball practice and it looked like Tip might make
the starting team as the point guard.

General and Mrs. Miller would be sending the guys each $500.00 a month to
cover their expenses. The boys were forbidden to take any money from me and
were told that they were to help pay for the food.

Both Tim and Chip ended the first semester with perfect grades. In fact the
other two horsemen and Tip and Ty had all done very well. Maggie was
extremely proud of her two step-grandsons as she called them.

Chip and Tim flew to Europe for Christmas much to Chip's dismay. The trip
to Europe was mostly uneventful. They had spent two days skiing in the
Austrian Alps. It was while they were there that they had a small
problem. It was the first evening after they had been skiing all day when
two young guys came up to them and asked if they would to come back their
room and have a good time.

Tim looked at the two guys and asked, "Do you mean fun like in sex?"

One of the two guys said, "We were rather hoping that you might be open to
the idea."

"Tim, can we please? It's been six months since we have had sex with
another guy. Come on let's go. This may be our last chance. Our parents
brought us here since we may never get to come back. We both have been
diagnosed with having advanced cases of AIDS. Here, do you want to see the
open lesions on our bodies. You will have to make sure that you bathe well
and I am allergic to latex," Chip pleaded.

The two guys started to back away. One of them said, "We'll see you guys
later."

After the two good looking guys left. Tim and Chip bent over laughing. They
decided to go for a swim in the indoor pool. When they got to the pool,
Chip pointed at the two guys who had propositioned them. The guys looked at
each other and took off their robes and dove into the pool and swam under
the water until they reached the two guys. Tim and Chip started to pull the
other two guys swimsuits off them. The two were caught so off guard that it
took them a couple of seconds to react.

Tim and Chip had to come up for air. The two guys recognized them and knew
that had been duped. The four of them climbed out of the pool. Chip said,
"Okay guys, we're even. I'm Chip Miller and this stud here is my brother
Tim. For your information we are both virgins and plan to stay that
way. After all, we are only 15. We don't want to ruin our lives before they
have even started."

General Miller, who was dressed in civilian clothes, interrupted the
conversation. "Chip and Tim, we have been invited to dinner by the owner
and his wife. They wanted to know if you'd like to join us?"

"Dad, we'll just eat with these two clowns. We don't feel like a fancy
meal. You and Mother have a good time. We'll see you in the morning for
breakfast at 7:30," Tim said.

The guys finally introduced themselves. They only used the first names and
last names. There was no indication of anything else. The one young man
said his name was Roger Murphy and the other introduced himself as Steve
Johnson.

Chip looked at them and said, "It is obvious that you are in the military
by your haircuts and bearing so are you officers or enlisted?"

Roger said, "We're both Lieutenants. We are stationed here in Europe. Your
father looks familiar. Is he in politics?"

Tim answered, "No, he is just here on vacation. So if you are both
Lieutenants why are you together trying to pick up some fresh meat? Aren't
you satisfied with each other?"

Steve said, "Guys, we are not a couple. We have messed around with each
other but there is no emotional attachment. We are too much alike to make
it work. We are both consummate tops."

Chip started laughing, "So you thought we might be the bottoms you are
looking for. I don't think so. So how long have you been Lieutenants?"

Roger answered. "We both were graduated from the academy last May. I
realized I was gay my plebe year when I fell in love with the guy who lived
in the next room. He was beautiful in every respect. Troy went on to become
the Commandant of the Corp our Senior Year. He had no idea how gorgeous he
was but he was so straight that he would have broken a dentist's drill."

Tim said, "Guys, let's go get dressed for dinner and we'll meet you in the
lobby in thirty minutes. We'll grab a quick bite and then catch the show
that the local people are putting on tonight. It should be fun."

The guys had a great dinner and Tim paid the bill much to the two
Lieutenants' surprise. After dinner they went to the show area and watched
the locals' show and they made plans to meet at nine to go back to the
slopes since everyone was scheduled to be at the airport at three o'clock
to go home.

The guys skied until noon, caught a bite to eat, and then went to the
airport. The two Lieutenants were surprised when Chip and Tim were
scheduled on the same military aircraft. The pilot came in and said,
"General Miller, we are ready to take you and your passengers back to the
base. We opened the empty seats to space available."

General Miller said, "That's great as long as they don't snore."

Roger leaned over to Tim and Chip and said, "You guys have duped us
good. Our careers are probably ruined."

Chip looked at the two guys and said, "Believe me, if your lives were going
to be ruined, it would not be because of Tim and me. We aren't about to
tell our parents about what happened. I may tell my special friend when I
get home but he isn't going to do anything since there was no foul play, so
there was no harm done."

If you want to read more of this story and other interesting stories, you
might visit www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Fri, 1 Jun 2007 12:16:38 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 8

The General's Son
Chapter 8 -- The Mentors
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

It became apparent that Tony was going to be Tip's mentor and Larry began
to work with Ty. Ian and Tim would be spending a lot of time practicing
baseball skills

I went home to the farm as often as I could and Chip and Alex always went
with me. Tony and Ian loved to go, as did Tip, Ty, and Mrs. Jackson. They
always had a great time. It was on the Tip's second visit that he came to
me and asked how he would know if he was gay or not.

I looked at him and asked, "Tip, why are you asking me?"

He smirked and said, "Well you and Chip sleep together in your apartment
over the garage. What else would we think?"

"Tip, for your information there has not been anything sexual between Chip
and me. Additionally, I have never had sex with another male or female. I
don't know whether or not I am gay. Chip and I have become very good
friends; but he is not 18, so nothing can or will happen." I was about turn
and walk away.

Tip said, "Troy, please don't be angry with me, I just wrongly assumed that
you and Chip were having an affair and I am jealous. I know, I have Tyler
but he doesn't have a gay bone in his body. I just know that I would rather
see naked men more than naked women. I'm trying to figure out why."

I turned and pulled Tip close, "Tipper, you are only 15, and at that age
you are just making sure that your sexual apparatus is on track compared to
your friends. Whether or not you are gay, it would be advisable to keep it
under wraps until you graduate from high school. You would be isolated or
worse if someone were to find out that you are gay."

Chip had been standing there listening unbeknownst to Tip and me. He
finally interrupted and said, "Besides that, Tip, Troy is hands off to
you. I saw him first. Now let's get our bags into the apartment. Tip, you
will be sleeping in the apartment with us, so you can report to the world
that there is nothing sexual going on. That will also make the sleeping
arrangements easier. Grandma Maggie can have her own room and the other
four guys can pair off however they want."

Everyone got settled into a bedroom and my mother had mixed up a container
of homemade ice cream that had to be hand cranked. That was an eye-opening
experience for the guys.

As we sat around on the porch eating ice cream and the cookies that Mother
and Tina had made, Chip spoke up, "I don't think I will ever eat ice cream
again. I didn't know it was such hard work to make ice cream. I probably
burnt off all the calories I have eaten all week."

Everyone started to laugh. Tip said, "You probably used two weeks' worth of
calories eating the three bowls of ice cream and dozen cookies."

Dad spoke up, "Guys, I would appreciate it if you could help me get the
alfalfa in tomorrow. With all you strong-bodied men, it will take a lot
less time. I mowed the fields earlier and the hay is dry. If someone can
rake it, we can bale it and bring the bales into the barn. That way we can
be done by two or three o'clock."

"Tony, why don't you do the raking as Dad bales? The rest of us will be
working in the barn cleaning out the stalls and getting everything in
order. After the raking and baling are done, Dad and Ian can drive the
tractor and the rest of us can load the wagons. Then we can all work
together to get the bales into the barn," I suggested.

The guys cleaned up the dessert dishes and went to get ready for bed. Ty
wound up sleeping in the same room as Ian; Alex and Tony would share
another room.

Tip, Chip, and I went to the apartment. I started to undress and said,
"Guys, I'll take the first shower and you can fight over who goes next."

I undressed and put the dirty clothes in the hamper. I was totally naked
when I went into the shower. I came out and drying my hair and said,
"Next."

Chip shucked his clothes and walked into the bathroom. Ty was standing
there taking everything in as I pulled on a pair of briefs. Chip came out
drying his hair and said, "Okay Mr. Tipper, it's your turn."

"Guys, I can't do this. I have a little problem," Tip said with tears in
his eyes.

Chip looked at him and said, "Tip, if Little Tip is having a hard time
behaving, we won't think any less of you. Get yourself into the bathroom
and take care of your problem like I did. It is amazing what a little hand
action can do to make things better."

Tip undressed and did as he was told. When he came out he said, "Guys, I
don't believe you two people. Neither of you have any modesty."

I looked at Tip. "You will find that I am a very modest person as is
Chip. I also am not afraid of who I am. I have done nothing wrong and I
plan to keep it that way. I have a loving family and they are the most
important people in the world to me. Chip and I have become close but that
is all. Now get your butt into bed. You guys thought that making ice cream
was hard work. Tomorrow you will find out what hard work really is. I am
betting that tomorrow night you will both be crawling into bed on your
hands and knees."

We brushed our teeth, went to the bathroom, and then crawled into bed. I
crawled in first and the other two crawled in on either side of me. I woke
up about 2:30 and found Chip backed up against me on the front side and Tip
was cuddled against my back. I extracted myself and went to the bathroom.

When I came back the two guys were cuddled together. I crawled in behind
Tip and put my arms around both of them. When the alarm went off at 5:00 I
quickly shut it off and got ready to do the milking. Chip crawled out and
scowled at me, as we got dressed for the day. Tip looked at us and said,
"You've got to be kidding. I'll be asleep before lunch."

The three of us went to the barn and Chip showed Tip how to feed the cows
as I started to the milking process. The two guys came back to join me and

Tony had already arrived. We had the chores done in half the time. My
father came in and said, "Oh my goodness. This is like a production plant.

Why don't you guys take a shower and get into some respectable clothes
while I go wake the others for breakfast and then we'll get into the
fields."

We all met at the house and the guys who we left asleep chewed us
out. After breakfast, Dad said, "Tony let's go while the hired help cleans
out the stalls. Troy, I need you to spread the manure in the back
pasture. It needs some help."

Everyone went to work and we had everything done in no time. I taught the
guys how to drive a tractor so they could drive while we were picking up
the bales and loading them on the wagons. Tony and I pitched the bales onto
the wagon while the guys stacked them. They all had their chance to drive
and they were all elated at their accomplishment.

We had picked up the remaining bales while Dad and Ian had taken the wagons
to the barn. When we finished the field, we went to the barn and started to
stack the bales in the barn as Dad and Ian sent them up the elevator. It
was just about 3:30 when we finally finished and Dad announced, "Okay
everyone, let's go skinny dipping before the ladies get back from their
shopping trip. Hop on the wagon and I'll drive us to the lake."

Much to everyone's surprise Dad shed all of his clothes and dove into the
lake. I figured what the heck and did the same as did everyone else except
for Tip. My Dad looked at Tip and said, "What are you waiting for, Tip. You
don't have anything we haven't seen before; now get your butt in here."

Tip shed his clothes and dove in. Dad said, "Okay, we are going to see who
the men are in this group. We're going to swim across the lake and
back. The winner gets the night off."

We all started to swim across the small lake. When everyone got to the
other side, we started to swim back to where we had started. I got out of
the lake first. Dad was second. I hugged him and then we both hugged Tony
when he got out. We were all in our natural state and watched the other
guys, who were still in the lake. Finally, everyone got out except Tip.

Dad noticed. "Tip, its okay if you are a little excited. Get your butt out
of the lake. We have to get back. The ladies are going to be home and
someone needs to do the milking."

Tip climbed timidly out of the lake and Dad said, "That looks it will make
someone happy someday. Now everyone get your clothes on and we'll head back
to the barn."

We did the milking and had a nice dinner. The guys just got ready for
bed. They had never worked so hard in their short lives. Tony and I visited
with my parents and Aunt Maggie, as she had grown to be called. Even Ian
had excused himself. The only one of the guys who was still up was Alex and
he and Tina were out on the porch. They came in and then Tony and Alex went
to bed. I excused myself and went to the apartment.

The two guys were already snoring. Chip had his arms around Tip. I took a
shower and crawled into bed. As I did, the two guys separated and I wound
up in the middle.

The next morning I extricated myself from the arms and legs and went to the
bathroom before dressing and going downstairs to start the milking. Tony
was already there, feeding the cows. Chip and Tip joined us shortly,
followed by Ty, Ian, and Alex. When the milking was done and the stables
cleaned, we went into the shower next to the barn and took a group
shower. No one seemed to mind. Everyone took a towel and went to get
dressed for breakfast and church.

When we arrived dressed, Mother said, "I am so glad to see so many handsome
men ready to go to church. I guess you all can do the dishes while the rest
of us peons get dressed."

We went to the church and after a late lunch at a local restaurant that had
a smorgasbord, we started back to the Omaha area. The guys all hugged my
parents especially Tip. He thanked them for being so wonderful and away we
went. Ian and I dropped everyone off and then went back to the BOQ,
deciding to have a light dinner together and make plans for the week.

I had just gotten into bed when the phone rang. I picked it up and it was
Maggie. "Troy, I don't know what you and your family did to the guys. They
seem so different. Thank you for whatever. I had a wonderful time. I think
you and your family are wonderful. I can hardly wait to meet your brother
and his wife and their two sons. I'll see you in the morning."

No sooner had I hung up than it rang again. "Hey Troy, thanks for the great
weekend. I love you more than ever. Sleep tight. I will be lonely without
your arms around me. Talk to you tomorrow," Chip said as he hung up.

I finally settled down and was just about asleep. The phone rang and I
wondered who would be calling me at this hour.

"Troy, this is Tip. Ty and I want to thank you for treating us like we were
the same as you. I know this is crass but we could never be as beautiful as
you are on the inside and the outside especially a part of you anatomy
between your legs. You and your father sure had some good genes. Poor Chip
will probably be so sore that he won't be able to work for a week if and
when you use that instrument. Ty wants to talk to you."

"Troy this is Ty. I don't know what you and Chip did to my brother. He is
so wound up even though he can hardly move. He thinks you walk on water and
I have almost decided that your entire family does. Sorry we called so late
but we wanted to thank you for being our friend. Good night sir."

I hung up and wondered if I would ever get to sleep.

I must have fallen asleep. The next thing I remember was that the phone was
ringing. I picked up, "Hey fat boy are we running this morning or are you
too sore?"

"Chip, give me ten minutes and I'll be at the parade ground and we'll run
for two miles," I said as I hung up.

Chip, Tim, and I had just begun when Tony, Ian, and Alex joined us. We had
just finished the first lap when Tip and Ty pulled up on their bicycles. It
wasn't long before Scott joined us. We all ran together and went back to
our quarters to get ready for the day.

Work was going well. Maggie, Tony, and I worked as a well-oiled
machine. The six guys were enjoying making money and really seemed to enjoy
their jobs and newfound freedom. In the evening we worked primarily on
tennis and football, but we also made time to work on basketball, baseball,
swimming, and golf."

Some of us went home almost every weekend. We finally got to meet
Betsy. Tony came to me one day and asked if I could get her a room at the
base hotel. I did and Maggie had a small party that actually turned into a
big deal because all of the gang was there as well as Colonel and
Mrs. Allen.

Betsy was a delightful young woman. She not only had her head screwed on
straight but she was extremely good looking and had a lively wit. She had
the younger guys eating out of her hand. She, Lauren, and Patty took over
the party and Grandma Maggie was restricted to being the "hostess with the
mostest".

School was about to begin and tennis practice had started as had football
practice. The guys were busy almost every night. Tim tried his hand at
football but didn't really enjoy the contact, as he wasn't big enough to be
competitive. He stuck it out, however. He was mostly there to cheer Tyler
on.

Ty made the team as a wide receiver and safety. He was the only player who
was scheduled to go both ways.

Chip, Scott, and Alex made the tennis team. Tim and Tip continued to work
two hours a day and they continued to work with Ian and Tony on their
sports.

Everything seemed to be going along fine; but that was about to change.

If you want to read more of this story and other stories, you might want to
visit www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Sat, 26 May 2007 08:27:20 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 7

The General's Son
Chapter 7 -- Tip and Ty
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

The next morning Tony, Aunt Maggie and I were working in the office.  Tony
had arrived first and had fixed the coffee.  I stopped and got some orange
juice, half and half, some lemonade and some sodas.

Everyone was busy and about ten o'clock there was a call, Tony answered the
phone.  "Is my Grandmother there?" asked a young voice.

Tony said, "I don't know who your Grandmother is.  Perhaps if you tell me,
I can answer your question."

"You stupid jerk, I want to talk to Mrs. Jackson." the voice demanded.

"Well, why didn't you say so?  She's having her coffee break."  Tony
challenged.

"Well, tell her to call Tip."  the voice said.

Tony said, "I will if I can remember. I guess that you think your foster
Grandmother is at your command.  I'll tell her you called and I will also
tell her that you need some attitude adjustments.  Talk to you later.

It was about noon when two young men came into the office.  "Hey Grams, can
we have some money to get something to eat?"

Mrs. Jackson said, "There is plenty of food at the house.  You can go home
and eat there.  If you need money, then maybe you should a job.  I assume
that you have already spent your allowances."

"Now come and meet the people who I will be working with.  This stud is
Airman Tony Henderson."

Tony shook their hands and Tip asked, "You're the person who said that I
needed some attitude adjusting right?"

Tony looked at him and said, "I am even more sure now that I have met you
and Ty that you both need some major attitude adjustments."

I could see that the two younger men were getting up tight, so I shook
their hands and introduced myself. Ty said, "You're rather good looking for
a white dude."

I shot back, "And you are not too bad looking for a black punk.  Now both
of you sit down or Tony and I will set you down."

The two grandsons sat down.  I looked around and asked.  "Aunt Maggie and
Tony, what are you going to do for lunch?"

Mrs. Jackson said, "I'll just go meet some friends and we'll eat in the
snack bar.  I packed a sandwich and an apple."

Tony said, "I was just going to go to the chow hall and have a sandwich and
a salad."

I looked at Mrs. Jackson and said, "Boss, why don't you call your friends
and have them come eat here with you here.  You can eat in the conference
room and watch to see if anyone comes in.  The Colonel has to go the
Chamber of Commerce luncheon.  He's giving a speech today at their
luncheon.  He probably won't be back until about 1:30."

I went and knocked on the Colonel's door.  "Sir, you are scheduled at the
luncheon in 30 minutes."

"Thanks Troy."  The Colonel came out with his hat.  "I'll be back in about
1330 minutes.  Good speech Troy.  You better be careful or you might have
to write a lot more of them.  Hey, who are the two good looking guys?"

"Colonel Allen, these are Mrs. Jackson's two foster grandsons.  This is Tip
and this is Ty."  I answered.

The Colonel shook their hands and said, "Nice meeting you gentlemen.  Maybe
the next time I'll have more time to visit."

The guys were in awe.  They were so amazed that a Colonel had shaken their
hands.  I announced, "Mrs. Jackson, you are in charge. Tony and I are going
to take the guys to grab a quick lunch and then I am taking them to the
Base Rec Center.  I'll bring Tony back after we eat.  Here is my cell phone
number if something comes up."

We went to a Chinese restaurant that had a buffet.  I never even thought
that the three of them had probably never been to a Chinese restaurant
before.  Without too much prompting they acclimated and did major damage.
After we finished I paid the bill.  Tony started to complain, but I passed
the signal and he stopped.  I took Tony back to the office and went to the
Rec Center with the two young guys.  I took the guys to Ian's office and
introduced the guys to him.

"Ian, Tip and Ty are looking for jobs.  They are only 15 so they can only
work 20 hours a week.  I understand that you may be able to take them on as
part time help at minimum wage.  That would be only be about $150.00 a week
before taxes, but it will look good on their resumes when they turn 16.  If
they started saving right away, they could pool their savings and get one
car to share when they turn 16." I said.  "Why don't you get one or two of
your young people to show them around while you and I visit?'

Poor Ian had no idea what was happening but he played along with me.  He
called for two of his sergeants.  The two Sgts came into the office area
and we introduced everyone.  The two Sergeants each took one of the guys
and showed the guys around the facility.

I looked at Ian, "Lieutenant Glenn sir, I would be much obliged if you
hired these two young men part time.  They both need to learn to be
responsible and gain some self-esteem.  I haven't had time to learn their
stories yet, but I'm sure they have had some pretty hard knocks.  They are
living with Mrs. Jackson who is now Colonel Allen's secretary.  Please do
this, and I'll get the Colonel to grease the skids?"

The guys came back with their guides and Ian said, "Guys if you want jobs
you need to be here at 0730 so that we can get you processed through
personnel.  Hans and Jose will make sure that you get all of the paperwork
done and then you can start to work as soon as possible.  Do you have any
questions?"

Tip asked, "Lt. Glenn, when and if we get hired, will we be able to use the
facilities here?"

Ian looked at the guys.  "You will have the opportunity to use the
facilities in your off duty time since you are employed at the base.
However, when you are expected to be on duty you had better be so."

I got ready to go and said, "Ian, do you want to meet for dinner?  Why
don't you pop down to my room at 6:00 and we'll go from there?  Now I have
to take these two young men back to their Grandmother before they need a
diaper change."

On the way back to the office, I asked. "How did you get to the office?"

Tip said, "We rode our tricycles.  We'll just pull them out of our pockets
and head on home."

I looked at the guys, "I hope those little peanuts in your little sacks
don't bruised or scraped from riding such little bikes."

"No fair, you were checking us out in the men's room."  Tip pouted.

"Nah, I just used my x-ray vision to make sure you weren't doing anything
wrong."  I laughed.

Ty glared, "I suppose that you were checking Tony out too."

"Tony pulled out an iron shield like the dentists use and wrapped it over
his arm before we went to the bathroom.  I guess we will just have to take
him skinny dipping.  I want you guys to go home and clean your rooms and do
your laundry.  I'll call you after dinner and we'll get to together and do
something with some of my friends."

Tip said, "You sure are demanding."

"That's they way we Lieutenants are.  Talk to you guys later."  I pointed
at them.

I went into the office.  Tony handed me some notes and I read them.  I put
the pertinent ones on the Colonel's desk.  Mrs. Jackson asked, "How did
lunch and the job interviews go with the two boys."

"Ma'am, they had some attitude adjusting but I think they are both in need
of a male support figure.  They were really quite good and I think that we
made some headway.  I told them I would pick them up later tonight to see
what mischief we could get into."  I looked at her and there were tears in
her eyes.

"Troy, they are both really good boys.  It's just that they have very
difficult times.  Neither one of them is related to me.  They are both
foster children.  Tip's father, who he adored, was killed in Iraq.  His
mother died of cancer shortly after. I have to warn you though; I think
that he is gay and a very confused young man.  Ty on the other hand comes
from an entirely different background.  His parents were arrested for
producing meth, and he and his sister were left to fend for themselves.
Tip's last name is Washington and Ty's is Jefferson."

Tony and Troy both looked at her and asked, "Mrs. Jackson, why would you
take on two boys with such big issues?"

"Troy and Tony, I really don't know; but I just know that these two guys
will come out of this mess on their feet.  They are basically very good
young men.  I'm just afraid that I am getting too old to be able to meet
their needs.  I just hope they can find someone who will give them a jump
start."

Colonel Allen came in and said, "I have to tell you people that something
happened today that I have never experienced before.  After my speech I
received a standing ovation.  Troy, I don't know how you did it but you
seemed to know which buttons would perk the audience's attention.  The
Omaha Royals presented me with a Box Seat with 12 tickets for tonight's
game.  Oh by the way General Ryan asked me to commend you on the
speech. Troy, my wife and I have another commitment tonight, so why don't
you and Tony take the Four Horsemen and some friends to the game?"

I turned to Tony and said, "Call Sergeant Dover and see if he would like to
go.  Mrs. Jackson, call the guys and tell them to be ready to be picked up
at 6:15.  I'll call Patty, Lauren, Ian and the Four Horsemen.  We'll meet
at my Q and then take off from there.

The calls were all made. Ian and Tony and I met at my BOQ.  We picked up
the Four Horseman.  Chip and I picked up Tip and Ty and we were going to
meet Patty and Lauren at the ballpark.  We all hooked up and I took the
pass to the ticket office.  The young lady handed us our tickets and said,
"Sir, the Publicity Director would like to talk to you and your guests.  He
will meet you inside the stadium."

We went into the stadium and there was a gentleman waiting for us.  He
handed us each a Royals tee shirt and said, "We would like to have one of
you to throw out the first ball and another of you to sing the national
anthem if that would be possible.

The guys pointed to Tim to pitch out the first ball and Tip turned to Ty to
and said, "Ty needs to sing the national anthem."

I went to the concession stand and bought twelve team hats and six
programs.  We were escorted to our seats directly behind the home team dug
out.  The Public Address Speaker came on and made his announcements.
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is Offutt Air Force Base appreciation night.
The first ball tonight will be thrown out tonight by one of the Vice
Commander's sons, Mr. Tim Miller, but first the national anthem will be
sung by one the base civilian employees grandsons, Mr. Ty Jefferson."

The music started and Ty did an outstanding job.  Tim threw the first ball
and the umpire called it a strike.  Both guys received an autographed
baseball.  The Royals won the game and the guys ate their way through the
ball game.  Our party of twelve in the base box had a great time.

The next morning before Tony and Troy could get organized, Troy had a call
from Lt. Gen. Miller, "Troy, the guys are jealous that you got Ty and Tip a
job.  They want you to do that for them too."

"Sir, why didn't they say so?  I will see what I can do today, but I need
to talk to them to see what kind of job they want."

I had just hung up when the Colonel came in, "Troy, you have created a
mess.  Why does everything that you do turn out right?"

"Colonel Allen, I have no idea what you are talking about.  What is it I
did wrong?"

"That's just it Troy.  You have done nothing wrong.  Your instincts guide
you to make the correct decisions.  I had a call from the Royals management
last night saying how great you and your friends handled the notoriety.
But more importantly, Alex and Scott are upset that you got the Jackson
boys jobs and not them."

"Sir, I apologize, but they never indicated to me that they were interested
in jobs.  The guys seem to be so well adjusted that I never thought it
necessary to interfere.  I'll meet with them and see what I can come with."
I looked at the Colonel.

He said, "Troy you are something else.  The entire base is buzzing about
you."

By that afternoon, I had lined up part time jobs for the Four Horsemen. I
had taken my lunch hour and picked the guys up and taken them for their
interviews. Chip and Alex were going to be working in the golf clubhouse
snack bar over lunch and also responsible for keeping the golf carts clean
during the week. Their hours were 9:00 to 1:00.

Tim and Scott would be working at the base bowling alley in the snack bar
and helping at the check in and shoe rental desk during the day from 10:00
to 2:00.

I had Tony use my car to get the guys processed in for their jobs.  He came
back at 4:00 and announced, "Mission completed sir. The guys want to know
what we are doing for fun tonight.  Alex wants to know if we are going to
the farm this weekend?"

The phone rang and Mrs. Jackson answered, "This is Colonel Allen's office.
How may I help you? ^� Oh hi, Alex.  Let me see if your Dad can visit."
Maggie went to the door and the Colonel picked up the phone.

The Colonel came out of his office and said, "Troy, I hear you struck
again.  Alex says you got all four of them jobs. He also says that you are
to meet the guys at the tennis court tonight 7:00.  The guys have called
Tip and Ty and you are to get Tony and one of his friends and Ian and then
you can have a basketball game on the court adjacent to the tennis court.
He also wants to know if you are going to the farm this weekend?"

"Colonel, we'll make the plans for tonight.  My mind is like a merry go
round right now.  Tony, call Sgt. Dover and see if he is available for
tonight.  I'll call Lt. Glenn and make sure that he is available."

Mrs. Jackson said, "Colonel Allen, I don't know what Troy did to the two
guys but when I got home last night, they had cleaned their rooms and done
all of the laundry and even had started dinner.  Then when they came home
from the game it was like they were drunk.  Their mouths wouldn't stop
talking."

"We'll keep working on the guys.  I don't give up without a fight.  I try
to make them be the best that they can be."  I answered.

"Troy, I don't know how you do it but it is like you just make everyone you
meet better.  Just don't loose that quality.  People are more important to
you than anything except your family."  Colonel Allen said.  "I don't know
how you do it but you can't solve everyone's problems.  You have to think
of Troy and his needs sometimes or you are going to wear yourself out and
then you won't be able to help anyone."

I looked at the Colonel and said, "Are you saying that you would like me to
back off and let the guys develop on their own?"

"That's not what I'm saying at all.  I don't want you to make their
decisions for them.  You have given them all a good start, but they must do
some of the work on their own.  You can't be taking care of all of their
problems or they will never learn to be self sufficient.  Just be there for
them when they come to ask for your advice and always be honest with them.
Don't gloss over their weaknesses.  Now everyone close down for tonight and
I'll see you bright and early in the morning."  Colonel Allen said as he
left.

By the end of the evening, Larry Dover was going to work with Ty on his
football skills since he had been an all star quarterback in high school.
Tony had been an All State Honorable Mention in basketball and was going to
be work to help Tip develop his basketball skills.

Alex and Chip organized the caravan of everyone who would be going to the
farm after work on Friday.  They made arrangements for everyone who was
going to meet at the Miller's house at 6:30 Friday evening.

If you want to read more of this story and other good stories, you might
want to visit www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Fri, 18 May 2007 11:39:30 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 6

The General's Son
Chapter 6 -- Culture Shock
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the editor)

Ian and I picked up Patty and Lauren; you would have thought we had been
friends for a long time.  When we arrived at the Allen's quarters, we were
greeted at the door by Alex.  "Well it's about time.  You might know that
the Lieutenants and their dates would be the last to arrive.  Don't you
know that Lieutenants are supposed to arrive early to do the grunt work?"

Colonel Allen was standing there laughing.  "Just ignore my son; he's being
his lazy self.  Alex and Troy, why don't you introduce these people to
everyone?"

The evening was progressing and the young teenagers were paying special
attention to the four of us.

As dinner was ending I asked, "Uncle Rick and Aunt B., my parents want to
know when you are coming to the farm?  They have been complaining because
you all don't get together very often.  It's difficult for them to get away
because of the livestock."

General Miller said, "Troy, tell your parents that we'll try to get there
as soon as possible.  We really haven't had much time to get away either."

When dinner was over the young guys started dancing with the young ladies.
Ian and I danced with most of the older ladies.  I think the senior
officers' wives were all impressed at our manners and abilities.

I was dancing with Mrs. Miller and she said, "Troy that was a great smoke
screen that you threw up to make it seem very feasible that you and twins
would be spending a lot of time together.  At first we didn't realize what
you were doing, but I am so glad that you were able to think of doing such
a thing.  I don't know if you could see Chip's face but he caught on
immediately."

I looked at Mrs. Miller and asked, "Would it be permissible for me to take
the guys to my hillbilly farm tomorrow and we will return Sunday night so
my parents could have a night off.  The guys will probably never get over
the cultural shock."

"Troy, I grew up on a farm and I'm all for it but let me check with the
guys and their parents.  I'm sure that it would do all of the guys a lot of
good but Tim is going to complain since he and Lindsey have a date for
tomorrow night."

"Ma'am, I'll solicit Ian and he can drive also.  Tim can ask Lindsey to go
with us.  I have a 15 year old sister.  So she wouldn't be alone with all
of us guys."

Mrs. Miller said, "I'll talk to the other parents."  Mrs. Miller talked to
the parents and made the arrangements and gave me the thumbs up.  I
cornered everyone and made the arrangements to go including Lindsey.  Even
Lauren and Patty agreed to go.

We agreed to meet at the Miller's house the next morning at 6:30.  The
party finally ended and everyone seemed to have had a great time.  Colonel
Allen came to Lauren, Patty, Ian and me and thanked us for helping to make
it such a successful party.  I looked at him and said, "Sir, it was the
teenagers who gave everyone a jump start.  Thanks for inviting us.  It has
been a fun evening."

When I got to my suite, there was a message on my phone saying, "Good
thinking cous'.  I love you."

The next morning everyone was waiting at the Miller's house when I pulled
up.  Everyone loaded into Ian's, Patty's and my cars.  We drove to my
parent's home which was 75 miles southeast of Offutt Air Force Base.

My parent's had a five bedroom house.  I had called ahead and told my
parent's that we would be coming and to get ready to go visit my brother
Ben and his wife Anita.  I paired the people off so that there would be two
people in a room and Chip and I would be spending the night in a small
apartment over the garage which I had slept in ever since high school.  It
had been my safe haven.

Chip and I had our own shower so there would be no more mysteries about
what we looked like naked.

As soon as we got everyone settled, I insisted that the parents go to
Kansas City for the night.  The guys all pitched and we did the work that
Dad wanted done.  I thought the four young guys were going to lose it when
we were cleaning out gutters and loading manure into the spreader.  They
never complained though.  The ladies tended to the cooking and after lunch
I had Tina call two of her friends and invite them over for the evening so
there would be equal number of males and females.

In the afternoon I showed the guys how to feed the livestock and they had
no problem that, but it was hilarious watching them trying to put milking
machine on the cows.  By the time we finished, they were getting fairly
good at it especially Chip and Alex.  After the chores were finished we
took a group shower in the milk house and put on the robes that my family
kept there.  We went to get dressed for the evening.  After dinner we
picked up Tina's two friends who just happened to be fifteen year old
twins.  We went to a local carnival where we had a blast playing the games
and making fools of ourselves.  It was apparent that Alex and Tina were
becoming a thing.  Tina's friends were paired off with Scott and Chip.

We had a snack and went back to the farm after dropping off Tina's friends.
We went to our bedrooms to get ready for bed.  Chip made the most of being
isolated with me.  Since the apartment was small there was no way that we
would not see each other naked so we didn't even try to be modest.  We
looked but did not touch.

We crawled into bed in our briefs but I pulled Chip close and held him and
gave him a light kiss on the cheek.  We just cuddled together.  We seem to
fit nicely together.  There was nothing sexual about to happen.

We were awakened the next morning by Ian and Tim who were sharing a room.
Chip and I were still in just our briefs when they came in.  They attacked
us and stated laughing.  Chip and I got dressed and we went to do the farm
chores.

After breakfast everyone got ready for church.  We attended the Episcopal
Church where my family went to church.  After a quick lunch everyone went
swimming in a small lake on the farm.

Chip and I left to do the evening milking and people were fixing the
evening meal or whatever.  Chip was becoming adept at this farm stuff and
he was really enjoying the time alone with me.  As we were finishing
dinner, my parents arrived back and reported on Ben and Anita and the
twins.  We cleaned up and got ready to go.  Everyone hugged and thanked my
parents who in turn hugged us all as we left.

We got everyone dropped off and I was getting settled when the cell phone
rang.  I answered and heard, "Hey lover, we all had a great time.  I can
hardly wait until I'm 18.  Gee whiz by then you will probably be in a wheel
chair.  I love you, goodnight."  Chip clicked off before I could say
anything.

Normalcy resumed more or less on Monday morning.  I went to the office to
the office and the coffee was already finished.  Tony looked at me and
said, "Sir, I have a tentative schedule for the Colonel.  Do you see any
changes that I need to make?"

"Tony, I told you to report at noon."

"Sir, Betsy had classes early this morning so I came back last night.  We
have agreed not to have sex until we are married."  Tony smiled.

"Tony the schedule looks fine." I assured him

When the Colonel came in, Tony took him his coffee and handed him his
schedule and several messages.

The Colonel called me into his office. "Troy, I don't know if I can handle
all this efficiency.  Lauren was good but you two are going to be even
better."

I held up my hand and said, "Sir, I have done nothing.  This is all Tony's
fault.  I guess I had better look for another job.  Next, he'll be
scheduling our bathroom breaks so that no one is the bathroom at the same
time he is.  I think that he already feeling good about what happened on
Friday.  I also think that he has the potential to be an outstanding
professional airman but he needs to get his college degree first."

"Sir, I am probably sticking my neck out on a limb but I think that Tony is
smarter than most enlisted personnel and some officers."

"Troy that is rather bold statement but I happen to share your biased
opinion.  Now that I have heard ten times how great you and your family
are, my wife and I surrender.  Alex is really taken by your sister.  In
fact, we had a phone call from Scott sharing his opinions about you and
your family.  The two agreed that they think you and your family are the
greatest."

"Sir, I never planned anything like this but I think everyone had a great
time.  I wish you could have seen the guys.  They were all cleaning out
stalls like they had been doing it for all their lives"

"The ladies were all great cooks.  I know my parents enjoyed their day off.
In fact I had an e-mail from my mother asking when we could come back and
wash the windows."

The Colonel laughed, "Yeah, I suppose there must be a lot of windows.
According to Alex, your parents' small house only has five bedrooms on the
second floor with three bathrooms.  He said that the kitchen and dining
room are bigger the chow hall"

I said, "I don't know for sure how many windows there in the main house but
I know there are eight in my garage apartment."

"Don't remind me.  Alex and Scott were talking on the phone about that and
they want garage apartments just like yours."  the Colonel laughed.

Tony interrupted, "Sir, Lt. Colonel Williams is here for his appointment."

"Thank you Tony, I'll be right with him.  Troy, we need to work out a
signal.  If I ask for two lumps that means that I would like for you to be
available to take notes on the meeting.  You can sit back there is the
chair and take the notes and then you can give your notes to Tony and he
can type them.  If I say black please, that means you can leave.  Let's try
it with Colonel Williams and see what happens."

I went to the door, "Colonel Williams, Col Allen will see you now."

Colonel Williams came into the office and I asked Colonel Allen if he would
you like another cup of coffee?

"Yes Troy, with two lumps please."

I turned to Colonel Williams and asked, "How about you Colonel Williams?"

"Yes just a cup of plain black would be nice."  he answered.

I handed them each a cup of black coffee and sat down with my notepad in
the back of the room.  They were discussing some purchasing matters which I
knew nothing about but I felt there were some peculiar things going on from
the conversations the two were having.  Lt. Colonel Williams left and I
handed the notes of the conversation to Tony.  I went back in and placed
another pad on the table beside where I was sitting.

I said, "Colonel Allen, there were some inconsistencies in what Lt. Colonel
Williams said.  I can't put my finger on the problem right now.  I have
Tony typing the notes now.  Maybe when you read them you can pick up on the
problem."

The Colonel looked at me and asked, "Are you sure Troy?"

"No sir, but I just have the feeling something is not quite right."

Tony knocked and announced, "Colonel, there is a Mrs. Jackson here to see
you.  She doesn't have an appointment but says that is important that she
talk to you."

"Tony, show her in.  I don't have another appointment until 11:00."

Troy stood and greeted the lady, "Hi, I'm Lt. Nelson may I bring you
something to drink?"

"Young man, thank you for asking. I would like something cold that it is
non-carbonated.  Juice would be fine or even some water."

Colonel Allen said, "Troy I'll have coffee with two cubes."

Troy handed Mrs. Jackson a glass of orange juice and the Colonel his
coffee.

"Ma'am, how may I help you?" the Colonel asked.

"First stop calling me ma'am and have the young lieutenant come and sit
with us.  I can see that he is taking notes.  That way he won't have to
strain his ears to hear what we are saying.  I have to say this sir; you
sure do have two handsome hunks working for you."

"Ma'am, I'm sure you didn't come to discuss the hunks, now how may I help
you?" the Colonel asked.

"I have been working on the base almost 40 years and you did something last
week that needed to be done for a long time.  You got rid of that sex fiend
and his henchman the First Sergeant.  Now you need to clean up the
Procurement Office.  I can get you some proof that will probably get some
people court marshaled and some civilians fired at no cost to the
government.  When you have been around as long as I have been people think
you are senile."

"Sir, there is a whole bunch of payback going on that is costing the
government a lot of money.  I could tell you some names but I think it
would be advisable to get the inspectors involved.  I don't want to be
signaled out as the mole though because I have 18 grandchildren and I am
taking care of several foster children."

Colonel Allen looked at Mrs. Jackson.  "Funny that you should choose today
to come to the office, we just had a meeting a meeting with
Lt. Col. Williams."

"I know sir; his royal highness is good at blowing smoke but he is also one
of the culprits most deeply involved in the shady activities that are
taking place.  I would never trust him to invest my money if I had any."
Mrs. Jackson said.

I spoke up, "Colonel, I'm going to go see if Tony has the transcription of
the discussion with Lt. Col. Williams completed.  Maybe you and
Mrs. Jackson can review the papers together.  I just feel that everything
wasn't what it seemed to be."

I left and came back with three copies of the discussion between Colonel
Allen and Lt. Colonel Williams.  The three of us read the transcript and
when everyone had finished.  The Colonel asked, "Troy, do you still feel
that something is wrong?"

"Yes sir, it was like Colonel Williams was talking in circles.  First he
was telling you that everything was going along fine and then the next
thing he said would indicate that there would be some major overrun
expenditures."

The Colonel looked at Mrs. Jackson and asked, "Ma'am, what do get out of
the transcript?"

"Sir, my name is Maggie not Ma'am.  I think he was blowing smoke so fast
that it was burning holes in the atmosphere.  I know for a fact that the
contractors on several of the contracts were ones that came in with bids on
the high side.  I also have noticed that the same contractors have tended
to get the contracts more and more frequently in the last four years since
Lt. Col. Williams has been here.  You do realize that he is planning to
retire in two months.  I guess he wanted to make sure he had enough money
to cover his gambling losses.

"Maggie, you have made some damaging comments about Lt. Colonel Williams."
Colonel Allen said.

"Sir, I meant every word I said but I still think that you need to call in
an outside team to collect the evidence.  No one is going to believe an old
black lady if I charged the people with their wrong doings." Maggie
answered.

Colonel Allen picked the phone and dialed a number.  "I would like to speak
General Lucas, this is Colonel Allen."

The Colonel was quiet and when he started to speak he said, "Hi Winston,
this is Allen.  I would like to have an IG inspection of the wing as soon
as possible.  I am particularly concerned about several departments.  How
soon can you do it?  Great, I'll see you in my office at 1300 hours.
I'll have a young lady with me that will tell you and your team why you are
here."

Colonel Allen hung up and said, "Troy, you take Maggie and Tony and get us
something to eat.  It is going to be a complete turmoil around here for the
next couple of days.  You and Tony are going to be so busy you won't have
time to go to the bathroom.  Maggie after the investigation you will be
moving to my office to be my receptionist and our listening ears."

The IG team hit and after Colonel Allen told them what he thought was going
on they went to work paying particular attention to the Procurement and
Contracting office.  They ripped those to offices apart based on the
information that Maggie provide to them.  They also did a job on the
several other departments.  As a result there were a number of resignations
and retirements as well as number of persons who were demoted or
reassigned.

When the IG team made its final report, they commended the Colonel and his
immediate staff for providing such a warm and outstanding environment.
They especially cited Troy, Tony and Maggie.

Maggie was moved into the receptionist position much to her dismay.  She
reminded everyone, "I don't do dictation.  I practically invented the
computer but I'm basically a number cruncher."

Tony said, "Your job is to charm the pants off of the visitors.  Lt. Nelson
and I will take care of the dictation and transcribing.  You'll have the
entire wing eating out of your hand in no time."

Maggie said, "I'll be broke in no time if I have to feed 2000 people."

The Colonel said, "Don't worry Maggie.  As of now you are a GS 9.  You'll
have so much money that you won't know what to do with it."

"Does that mean I get to be the boss of the office?"  Maggie asked.

"Mrs. Jackson, you can do whatever you think is necessary but I have the
feeling that the three of you will be a very effective team.  Now get out
of here and report at 0800 in the morning."  the Colonel laughed.

If you want to read more of this story and other good stories visit
www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sat, 12 May 2007 11:13:27 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 5

The General's Son
Chapter 5 -- The Axe Falls
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

When I arrived at the court, Colonel Allen was just dropping the guys
off. He asked from the car, "Is Tony all set?"

"Yes sir," I answered as the Colonel drove off. "Well guys, what is the
lineup for tonight?"

"Since Scott and I need to learn to work together, why don't we play
together and you and Chip can be partners," Alex answered.

As we played, it was plain that neither Chip nor I was concentrating on the
match. We were down 4-0 in the first set. Out of the clear, Scott said,
"You two are playing like six-year-olds. You are not even trying."

"Time out," I yelled. I went to Chip and we talked. "Chip, you and I are
thinking about last night. Let's agree to show these two clowns who just
said that we were playing like six-year-olds that they have a lot to
learn. We can talk about what happened last night on the phone later."

He looked at me with a little twinkle in his eyes that had been missing and
he winked. When the match resumed, Chip and I won the match without giving
up another point,

When we shook hands at the net, Chip said, "I guess your mothers forgot to
change your diapers before you came." Everyone laughed.

Scott said, "I should have kept my mouth shut. I think that Alex and I have
a lot to learn this year about playing tennis."

We piled into my car and I drove the guys to Chip's house. When we arrived,
Tim was standing there with a cute young lady. He came over and said,
"Troy, Mother and Dad would like for you to go in and visit with them if
you can."

I looked at Chip and he seemed very nervous. I got out of the car and the
two of us went into the house. When we got to the living room, the Millers
shook my hand. "Thanks for coming in. Let's go into the study where we can
close the door. Tim doesn't know anything about the situation and we should
keep it that way," General Miller said.

When everyone was seated, the General began. "When Chip told us what
happened last night, my first thoughts were that I should restrict the two
of you from seeing each other. But I realized that would accomplish
nothing."

Mrs. Miller spoke up, "We know that Chip instigated the episode. We do not
blame you in any way, Troy, but we want Chip to promise you that there will
be no repeat occurrences. If something does ever happen, it has to be
something that you both agree to. You two will know when the time is
right."

The General looked at Chip and Chip nodded.

"Troy, I promise that I will never do what I did last night again. I just
wanted to see all of you and to touch you. I think I love you and I want
you to love me." Chip was sobbing. "I apologize."

I looked at the Millers trying to decide what to say. It was like my mind
was frozen in space. Finally, I said, "Chip, I accept your apology." I
turned to the Millers and said, "I was so completely startled by what
happened and then when Chip started to touch me, I had a good feeling, but
I knew what was happening was all wrong. I had never been touched like that
before."

General Miller said, "I tried to call you last night because I figured you
might be confused. After Chip told us what he had done, I thought you might
want to visit. I tried several times to call you and decided you weren't
answering the phone. Troy, it is up to you as to how you want to proceed."

I thought for a minute and then said, "Last night after Chip had left, I
went to the club and had several beers trying to figure out what was going
on. Someone came in and we started to talk and it took my mind off of what
had happened. That person has had some really hard bumps in his life. Still
when I went to bed I had a very difficult time getting to sleep. Even this
morning, I was still preoccupied with what had happened.

"Thank goodness today was extremely busy so I didn't have time to think
about what happened last night until I got to the tennis court this
evening."

I added, "When the other two guys noticed that we weren't playing well, I
figured that Chip and I need to talk about what has been happening. With
your permission, Sir, I would like to go back to the Q and take a
shower. Then I'll come back for Chip. We can go get something to eat and
then decide how we can best handle this problem."

The Miller's nodded yes and then the General said, "Thank you, Troy. I am
sure that you two will be able to make the correct decisions."

"I'll be back in thirty minutes, Chip," I said as I left.

I returned and Chip was ready. We got into the car and decided to go to a
quiet local Italian restaurant that Chip knew about.

After we ordered, I asked, "Chip, where do you want to start?"

Chip said, "I already told you earlier how I feel. Dad made it quite clear
that we must be very discrete and then if anything happens it must be
something that we both agree to." Chip was looking at me for a response.

"Chip, I am really scared because what you did felt so good to me; but, if
someone were to see us like that, I would be out of the Air Force
immediately. I don't know what the kind of love you are talking about
should feel like and I am not sure that you know, either."

Our food arrived, so we didn't talk much during the rest of the meal. I
could see that Chip was thinking, as was I. When we finished, I paid the
bill and when we got into the car Chip started. "Troy, I really want to
keep seeing you. I know that Colonel Allen talked to you about coaching us
and helping us with our tennis skills. Please do that. I would like for us
to be alone sometimes, but I realize that we need to be careful so that
people will not talk."

I thought for a few minutes and said, "Chip, I think you have made a
correct assessment of the situation. I really enjoy being with you,
too. But, I also think that we must both really be extremely careful. I
will seriously consider working with you guys, but I don't know how much I
can teach you. I'll decide by Sunday and then let you know when I see you
at church."

As we pulled up in front of his house, he jumped out and said, "I'll call
you later."

When I got to the Q, it was already 10:00 so I decided to go to bed. Just
as I started to crawl into bed, the phone rang. "Hello Chip," I answered.

"Hi Troy, I just wanted to call and thank you for the dinner and say
goodnight. I'll see you tomorrow at the Allens'. We four guys are serving
the hors d'oeuvres and then helping to serve the dinner."

"Good night Chip," I answered.

The next morning I went to work, had the coffee made, and had distributed
the daily schedule before Sam and Lauren arrived. The two of them arrived
and looked at the schedule. "When did all these changes take place?"

I laughed, "This place was like a three-ring circus yesterday afternoon. I
won't give you any details. It's a rather touchy subject."

"I'm intrigued now," Lauren said.

Colonel Allen walked in and said, "Good! All three of you are here. I would
like to talk to you in my office. I have a feeling there are going to be
some fireworks before the morning is over. Troy and I heard an interesting
story about one of our officers. Both Troy and I believe that what we heard
is probably true -- right, Troy?"

"Sir, I am even more sure after talking with Tony during the time I was
getting him settled that what he said was true." I looked at my watch. "I
had better go retrieve Airman Henderson."

"Bring him in when you get back. I have a couple of questions to ask him
before Major Bishop arrives. I'll fill Sam and Lauren in so they know what
is happening. All three of you will have jobs to do," Colonel Allen said

I picked Tony up and took him to the barracks. We went to his room and
there was a thong lying on his bed. He looked at it and said, "This is not
mine and I would never wear such a thing."

"Tony, get your clean clothes quickly and let's get out of here now." We
made it out of the barracks without anyone talking to him. I took him to
the Q and waited while he changed into his uniform.

When we got to the office, Sam and Lauren were still in the Colonel's
office. I knocked. Colonel Allen said, "Come in Troy and bring Airman
Henderson with you."

We entered and the Colonel introduced Tony to Sam and Lauren and then asked
Tony, "What's the name of the friend who picked you up and took you back to
the barracks on Wednesday night?"

Tony answered, "Sergeant Larry Dover, Sir. He works across the hall from
Major Bishop's office in the supply room.

"Good." The Colonel turned to me and said, "Troy, call Sergeant Dover and
see what he can recall about what happened on Wednesday evening?"

I did as directed. After identifying myself, I asked, "Sergeant Dover, what
do you remember about meeting Tony Henderson on Wednesday evening? I
understand that you gave Tony a lift home."

"Yes sir, Tony and I have become friends since we are on the same bowling
team and his barracks is next to mine. I often give him a lift if I see him
waiting for a bus. Last Wednesday a car was stopped beside Tony and the
driver, who looked like Major Bishop, was leaning across the front
seat. The passenger door was open and Tony was backing up. I honked and
Tony practically ran to the car. When he got in, he seemed to be shaking."

Sergeant Dover continued. "I asked him if he was okay and he told me he was
having a chill. He didn't talk very much on the way to the barracks, which
is very unusual. He is not in any trouble is he? We need him for the game
Monday night so we can win the Summer Bowling League Championship. He's our
best bowler."

"Tony is not in any trouble," I assured Sergeant Dover. "We are just
checking a small problem but Tony will be able to bowl on Monday night."

I had written down in shorthand everything that we said and then went back
and read it to the Colonel.

"Good." Then he looked at me asked, "How in the world did you remember all
that detail?"

"I put the phone on speaker so I could take notes in shorthand so I
wouldn't forget anything," I answered and showed him my notes.

He took them from me and looked at it and handed it to Lauren and asked,
"Lauren, can you read this?"

She quickly looked at it and laughed, "Troy's shorthand is more
mechanically correct than mine. I can read every word of it."

"Then I want you to put it into the computer when you have a minute and
make a hard copy." The Colonel said as he turned to Sam, "Sam, I want you
to call Tony's First Sergeant about 9:20 and ask him to come see me about
9:45. When he arrives put him in the side office and let me know he is
here."

Sam nodded.

"Troy, I would like for you to be in the room with me taking notes of
everything that is said, In the meantime, call Tony's immediate supervisor
and get an evaluation of Tony's job performance and then give it to Lauren
to copy and make a hard copy."

Tony said, "Colonel, I could help Lauren out. I am proficient in shorthand
and the computer. I could type the notes and then give them to Lauren to
verify that I have transcribed the notes correctly."

"Tony, that would be great. I want you to remain out of sight in the office
across the hall and don't come out until Troy comes to get you for lunch,"
Colonel Allen instructed him. "Lauren will bring and pick up things and
there is a bathroom connected to the office that you can use if you need
to."
	
Everyone was getting ready for the fireworks to begin when the phone
rang. I picked it up, "Colonel Allen's office, how may I help you?"

"This is Ronda Bishop. My husband is the Commander of the Avionics
Squadron. May I speak to Colonel Allen please? I think I have some
information that he needs to hear," she said in a desperate voice.

"Just a minute ma'am. Let me see if the Colonel is available."

I knocked on the Colonel's door. "Sir, I think you might want to take this
call. It's from Major Bishop's wife. She sounds really upset."

"Troy, I'll take the call but stay on the line and take notes on what she
says."  He picked up the phone, "Good morning Rhonda. How can I help you?"

"Sir, my husband came home last night totally drunk. He stumbled into the
house muttering, 'That Henderson is so going to pay. I'll get what I want
even if I have to rape him.'"

The Colonel said, "Rhonda, I think we should talk about this in person. Can
you be here in my office at 10:45? I know that you have two children. Do
you have someone to take care of them? I don't think they need to hear what
is happening."

"Sir, they are with my parents for two weeks. They took them to Disney
World. I'll be there," Mrs. Bishop answered.

Colonel Allen looked at me, "Troy, you have been here for four days and
this place is becoming like a four-ring circus. You will be quite busy
keeping these people apart."

"Sir, we'll take care of it. Between Major Parsons, Lauren, Airman
Henderson and I, we'll cover your flanks. Is there anyone you would like me
to call?"

Colonel Allen looked at me and said, "Yes, I think you had better call my
cardiologist and my psychiatrist."

I laughed, "I'll call your pediatrician and gerontologist at the same
time. That way we will have all bases covered."

The Colonel started to laugh, "Troy, go away. You are making me lose my
train of thought."

The people started to arrive and by lunchtime, Major Bishop and the First
Sergeant were going to be retired by the end of the afternoon. Their
exploits were even more widespread than anyone could imagine.

Mrs. Bishop was to receive half of the Major's retirement income plus child
support and alimony. Tony would be working for the Colonel. Lauren was
going to go to work for Lt. General Miller because his secretary was
pregnant and leaving. Before the afternoon was over, Troy arranged for Ian
and Patty to join them at them at the party that night.

The Colonel left at four saying he had to be home to make sure everything
was ready. He threatened Troy and Tony, "Don't even think about calling
me."

Troy took the opportunity to show Tony some of his responsibilities. Tony
was a fast learner and Troy asked, "Tony, why aren't you in college?"

"Sir, I had to drop out of college because my father was having medical
problems and couldn't afford to help me. I'll go back to college once I
save enough money but my first priority is my family and fianc�."

The two guys closed down and Tony asked, "Sir, would it be okay if I head
home for the weekend? Betsy is to going to be home this weekend."

"Why wouldn't it be okay? I expect to see you back here on Monday by noon
dressed in blues with a fresh haircut and spit-shined shoes. You are the
first line of the Colonel's team," Troy laughed.

Tony hugged Troy and said, "Sir, I'll do anything you ask as long as it
doesn't involve sex or anything dishonest. I think that you and the Colonel
are the greatest. Neither of you ever made me feel that I was guilty of
anything. Thank you."

Tony left and Troy was stunned. He closed everything down and locked the
office. Back at the BOQ, Ian was waiting for him. "Hey man, what are you
doing to me?" Ian asked.

"Ian, you and I are covers for Lauren and Patty. They need us to help
deflect attention away from their being a couple. I'm only telling you this
so you don't feel obligated to do anything you don't want to do."

Ian looked at me and said, "Don't you mean to tell me that the ladies are
good cover for us so people won't question why we aren't seen with women
from time to time? You know my story, but you still haven't told me
anything about you."

"Ian, there is nothing to tell," I assured him. "When you go to the Academy
there isn't much time to form an attachment."
 
If you would like to read mopre of this story and other interesting stories
go to ww.tickiestories.us

To be continued...

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Sat, 5 May 2007 15:30:25 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son CHapter 4

The General's Son
Chapter 4 -- Sexual Harassment
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

I woke up the next morning and prepared to go the office. I was just going
out the door when the cell phone rang. "Hello Chip, what can I do for you?"

"It's not Chip. It's Tim. Chip cried all night. He is sure that you hate
him. Do you?"

"No," I answered.

"Good, I'll tell him. Are you still on for tennis at 5:45?"

"Yes, I'll pick you guys up as soon as I can," I assured him.

"Oh, I'm not going. Lindsay is coming over and we are going bike
riding. Bye." Tim clicked off.

I got to the office before anyone else, so I made coffee and was reading a
rough draft of the Colonel's schedule when Lauren came in. "Lauren, how do
I finalize the Colonel's schedule? There are no changes that I know of."

"I forgot to show you how to access the program. The computer on your desk
is networked to mine so either of us can use the programs," Lauren answered
as she explained.

It was simple enough, so we printed six copies. We put two on the Colonel's
desk, she took one, handed one to me, put one on Sam's desk, and put the
other copy in file. She said, "I'll show you how to forward a copy to each
of the key staff members so they know what the Colonel has planned for the
day."

Only one exciting thing happened at the staff meeting that morning. One of
the staff members reported a problem that the Colonel had not been made
aware of. I watched his reaction. He remained calm, but there was no doubt
in anyone's mind that he was extremely displeased at not having been
previously advised of the problem. The rest of the staff meeting was
routine with a few announcements. When everyone had gone the Colonel said,
"Troy, call Sam and see how the move is going. Lauren, I have some letters
I would like to dictate."

I went to my desk and called the Parsons' house. Mrs. Parsons
answered. "Mrs. Parsons, this is Lieutenant Troy Nelson. Colonel Allen
wanted me to call and see how the move was going."

"Hi, Troy. Tell the Colonel that the movers haven't arrived yet. Sam called
the company but the truck is still unloading its previous load," she said.

"Thank you, ma'am. I'll tell the Colonel."

I interrupted the Colonel and told him what Mrs. Parsons had said. He
looked at me and said, "Get me Lt. Col. Samson on the line, please Troy."

I did as he requested. When I had Lt. Col. Samson on the line, I notified
the Colonel and then dropped off when the Colonel picked up. About 15
minutes later, Colonel Samson called back and I interrupted Colonel Allen
again.

When Lauren came out, I knocked on the door and reminded the Colonel that
he had a meeting with General Young at 11:30.

"Thank you, Troy," he said as he got his hat and left.

After he left, Lauren looked at me and said, "I don't think I want to be in
Colonel Samson's shoes if the movers don't get their act together."

She quickly prepared the letters and asked, "Is it okay if I meet Pat for
lunch?"

"Why are you asking me? You outrank me. I'll man the fort but if you see a
Subway Shop bring me a sandwich and a glass of lemonade."

Lauren had been gone only about 15 minutes when she entered the office with
another young lady and said, "Troy, I would like to introduce you to
Patty. She is my roommate and special friend. We decided to come back with
our sandwiches and eat with you. I hope you don't mind."

"Why would I mind? I'll have lunch with two beautiful ladies any day," I
answered.

Patty said, "Yep, he's pretty alright, Lauren, but remember you belong to
me."

Patty came over and shook my hand and said, "I had to meet who Lauren is
going to be cavorting with tomorrow night. I'm very protective of my
territory."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I said, "I think you just told me
that you and Lauren are more than roommates. Am I correct? And I better be
careful what I do or I might be minus some of my vital parts?"

Both women started to laugh. Lauren said, "I hope we haven't shocked you,
the poor Iowa hillbilly, but we have been partners for four years."

"I am not shocked but I can't believe you felt free to tell me. After all I
have known Lauren for approximately four days."

"Yeh and you never tried to put the make on me. I just felt I could trust
you. Besides Patty has just become General Young's secretary and we were
hoping you could find a nice guy who wouldn't try to get her to bed if they
went out for show purposes," Lauren said.

I looked at the ladies and said, "I think I might have met someone last
night who would be willing to be an escort if one is needed. I'm sure he
isn't going to take advantage of anyone and not because he is gay. He has
just gone through a very rough time."

I turned to Lauren and asked, "Do you know Lt. Ian Glenn? He is really a
nice guy and I think he would make a great escort for Patty if he is
willing."

Lauren thought for a minute. "He is good looking, but he always seems so
sad."

"Gotta go," Patty announced. "General Young's executive officer is not as
much fun as you are, Troy. He is so pompous and such a stickler for
punctuality. I can't understand why the General puts up with him."

Patty had just left when Major Parsons came in the door with three
pre-teenagers. "Please tell the Colonel, I won't be in this afternoon. The
mover just arrived. When he saw how much furniture and how many boxes he
had to load, he estimated that he wouldn't be finished until close to
midnight. He left to get some lunch. He was by himself saying his helper
was ill. We're on our way to get some lunch and take it back to the house
since we don't have any food in the house."

The three children pulled their Dad out of the office saying, "Come on Dad,
we're hungry." With that they were gone.

It was about ten minutes after they left that the Colonel walked in and
went into his office. I followed him and told him what Major Parsons had
said. I had left the door open and the Colonel said, "Get Lt. Col. Samson
on the phone and tell him I want him in the office now."

As I walked out of the office, Lauren looked at me and mouthed, "He's on
his way."

Colonel Allen walked out and said, "Lauren, you know Sam and Eleanor's
children. How would like to take care of them until about six o'clock?"

She answered, "I really enjoy them and I am sure that I can keep them
occupied for some time."

"Good, go take the children off their hands so Sam and Eleanor can
concentrate on the movers. I can assure you that they will be packed out by
no later than seven o'clock. Do whatever you need to do and I will make
sure that you are reimbursed for your expenses. I hope you don't mind," The
Colonel said as Lieutenant Colonel Sampson walked in.

Lauren waved, "I'll see you all tomorrow."

Lt. Col. Samson followed Colonel Allen into his office and it wasn't long
before the phone lights were lit up. Five minutes later Lt. Col. Samson
came out not looking very happy and said, "Colonel Allen would like to talk
to you."

I knocked and Colonel Allen said, "Troy, please bring me a cup of plain
black coffee."

I got him the coffee and he looked at me and said, "Troy, I hate days like
this, I seem to be doing everyone's work. See what you can do to keep my
blood pressure from going any higher."

I was working at the desk when there was a knock on the office door. I
thought that was odd since everyone else always just seemed to walk into
the office. I said, "Come in please."

The door opened and a very good-looking airman second-class entered. He
came and stood in front of my desk. "How may I help you Airman Henderson?"
I asked after looking at his nametag.

"Sir, I would like to talk to Colonel Allen," he said shyly.

"Might I know why so I can tell the Colonel?" I asked.

He looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, "Sir, I am frightened. My
squadron commander keeps trying to get me to show him my private parts. He
says that he wants to show me what love is all about. He hadn't ever
touched me until today but he makes me feel dirty."

"I went to the First Sergeant and he told me that I was imagining things. I
am afraid to go back to the office because Major Bishop is always near
me. Today when he touched my genital area I became really frightened."

"Airman Henderson, please sit down. I will get you a cola before I talk to
the Colonel," I assured him.

I went to the Colonel's door and knocked. When the colonel answered, I went
in and closed the door. "Colonel there is a young airman in the office
requesting to see you. He is very upset. He feels that his squadron
commander is sexually harassing him. I think he is telling truth."

The Colonel got up and accompanied me into the front office. Airman
Henderson was sitting in the chair with head in his hands sobbing.

Colonel Allen went to Airman Henderson and said, "Airman Henderson, please
come into my office. Do you mind if Lieutenant Nelson comes in with us?"

Airman looked around and saw that I was the only other person in the room
and shook his head no.

After I had set the warning buzzer so we would know if anyone entered the
office, I went into the Colonel's office with my notepad. The Colonel
looked at Airman Henderson and said, "Airman Henderson, I want you to tell
me why you think that you are being sexually harassed but first tell me who
your squadron commander is."

"Major Bishop, sir," Airman Henderson answered.

"Troy, get Major Bishop on the phone and tell him I want to see him as soon
as possible, but don't tell him anything about why," Colonel said.

I went to make the call only to learn that the Squadron Commander and the
First Sergeant had gone to inspect the barracks and weren't expected back
until the next morning.

I told the Colonel and I could see that he was not happy. "Leave a message
that I want to see to see Major Bishop at 9:30 in the morning. Then come
back and take notes on Tony's entire story."

I did as he said and when I returned the Colonel asked, "Does the Major
inspect the barracks often?"

"Sir, in the six months that I have worked in his office, he has never done
it that I know of. Usually the First Sergeant does it in the morning."

Colonel Allen asked, "Tony, when did this harassing start?"

"Sir, it started right after I started working in the Major's office as a
clerk. One day I went to the bathroom and was using a urinal when Major
Bishop came in and stood beside me. He seemed to be looking at my body
especially my penis. I got a funny feeling but nothing was said. Then he
came back into the office and stood with his tongue darting in and out of
his mouth groping himself right in front of me."

"It seemed that every time I would go to the bathroom he would also come in
and then he started talking about what a nice body I had and would like to
see all of it. I was so uncomfortable that I stopped going to the bathroom
when he was around. He came to my desk and said, `I bet I can really make
you feel good.'"

"On Monday he stopped by my desk and whispered, 'Why don't you go to the
bathroom with me?'"

"I told him that I didn't need to go the bathroom, but he wasn't about to
give up. He whispered, 'I'll make it worth your while.'"

"I shook my head and went to talk to the First Sergeant and asked for a
transfer. He looked at me with a funny look and asked why. I told him what
was happening. He just looked at me and started to laugh. He said that I
must be imagining things, that Major Bishop is happily married and has two
children."

"Reluctantly, I went back to work. Yesterday, I was waiting for the bus
after work. Major Bishop drove up and said, 'Hop in Tony. I'll give you a
ride to the barracks.' He leaned over and started to open the door."

"Just then, one of my friends pulled up in his car and yelled, 'Come on
Tony, let's go.' So I said I would see the major the next day and walked to
my friend's car."

"This morning I was sitting at my desk, working and Major Bishop frowned at
me as he walked by. When he came back after lunch, I was the only other
person in the office. He looked at me and told me to bring the folders on
the new people that are being assigned tomorrow and a cup of coffee into
his office."

"I got the things he requested and walked into his office as I he had
instructed. Major Bishop was standing at a file cabinet just inside the
door. When I entered, he shut the door and said to put the things on his
desk."

"I walked to his desk and put the things down, but before I could turn
around to leave, he had his arms around me and was touching me all
over. When he grabbed my testicles and penis, I felt like I had bugs all
over me. He whispered in my ear, 'You are so beautiful. Please meet me
after work and we will go for a ride.'"

"He let go of me and I went back to my desk. I told my supervisor that I
wasn't feeling well and asked permission to see if I could get some help. I
left the office and just walked around until I decided to come here. I am
sorry to bother you, sir; but I just didn't know where else to turn since
the First Sergeant had already told me I was imagining things. I don't want
to go back there. I am frightened, sir."

Col. Allen got up and came around his desk. "Tony, you have made some very
serious charges, but I believe you. There is no reason why you should make
up a story like this."

The Colonel seemed to be thinking, then he turned to me and said, "Troy,
call the base hotel and see if you can get a room there for Tony tonight."

I did as I was told, was able to get a room, and I informed the Colonel. He
then turned to Tony and asked, "Tony do you have a car?"

"Yes sir, it's at the barracks since I usually catch a ride with one of my
friends or ride the bus. It's easier than trying to find somewhere to
park." Tony answered.

"Good!" said Colonel Allen. Then he turned to me and said, "Troy, Airman
Henderson looks about your size. Think you have some clothes that he could
borrow for tonight?"

"Sure sir," I answered.

Colonel Allen looked pensive and said, "Here's what I want you both to
do. Troy, you take Tony to get his car then take him to your suite and get
him dressed into some civilian clothes so that no one asks any questions
when you get him registered at the base hotel. Make sure that he has
everything he needs. And you might as well get into your tennis clothes
while he is changing."

The Colonel turned back to Tony and asked, "Tony, will you be okay for
tonight? I don't want you to talk to anybody on base tonight not even your
best friends. You can go off base if you would like to get something to eat
or do something. I just think it would not be wise if too many people were
to see you."

"Sir, I'll be fine. I think I might just grab a bite at a drive-thru
because I am not very hungry. Then I could come back to my room and watch a
baseball game on television," Airman Henderson answered.

"Tomorrow morning I want you to wait in the hotel room until Troy picks you
up at 0800. He'll go with you to your room so you can get your clean
uniform and take it back to the hotel to change. I want both of you back
here in the morning before the Major arrives. Any questions?" the Colonel
asked.

Tony and I both shook our heads no.

"Move out smartly then. Troy you can just go to the tennis courts when you
can and I'll make sure the guys get there."

Tony and I left and went to my car, which was close by now that I was an
Executive Officer. We drove in silence until we got to the barracks area
and I asked him directions to his vehicle. He directed me to his truck. As
he was getting out, I said, "Why don't you follow me to my BOQ room?"

We went to the Q and I asked, "What kind of clothes would you like?"

"A pair of jeans and tee shirt would be great," Tony answered.

I pulled a pair of jeans out of the closet and handed them to him and said,
"You might want to try them on to make sure they fit. The bathroom is right
over there."

"This is fine," Tony said as he took off his uniform pants, folded them,
and laid them on the chair. When I came back in he had his tee shirt and
the jeans on.

"Those jeans look better on you than they do on me. Here is a dress
pullover shirt that should look good on you. I have some clean briefs and a
pair of deck shoes if you want to try them," I said.

"That would be great if they fit. Somehow military shoes don't seem to go,"
Tony answered.

I got them and they fit, so I said. "Why don't you put the outfit on so
that people won't ask too many questions? I will put your clothes in my
trunk until morning. I'll change into my tennis things and then we'll be
ready to get you checked in. Are you sure you have everything that you
need?"

"Yep, this is how I dress when Betsy and I go out," Tony said.

"Who is Betsy?" I asked

"Betsy is my fianc�e. We plan to get married next year after she is
graduated from nursing school."

We went to the hotel, finished the necessary paperwork, and I escorted him
to his room. He opened the door and he was impressed. I asked, "Tony are
you going to be okay?"

"Yes sir, I already feel better but I am scared about what might happen
tomorrow," Tony said.

"Okay, dude, I'll see you in the morning bright and early," I informed him.

"Eight o'clock isn't early, sir. I am still used to getting up at four
thirty to take care of the animals," he laughed.

If you want to read more of this story and other good stories you might
want to go to www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2007 08:25:39 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: The General's Son Chapter 3

The General's Son
Chapter 3 -- You're Scaring Me
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

I got up when the blasted alarm went off, got ready for the day, and
grabbed a quick breakfast of an English muffin and some fruit.

The day went fine and I was beginning to get a pretty good handle on what
the job entailed. About 1630, Colonel Allen called me into his
office. "Troy, Sam thinks I made wise choice in selecting you for the
job. I would like to talk to you tomorrow, perhaps over lunch, about what I
expect. Now why don't you go ahead and get ready for your match with Scott
and General Young. I'll see you bright and early in the morning."

I got to the tennis courts at 1725 and the General showed up with the boys
-- except, there were four of them. I recognized Chip, Tim, and Scott, but
I had not met the fourth young guy. The General spoke up and said, "Troy
this is the fourth of 'The Four Horsemen of Generals Row' -- Alex."

Alex and I shook hands.

"Okay," Chip started. "Troy and I will start off playing the General and
Scott."

I noticed that Tim and Alex had started volleying on the adjacent
court. Chip and I won the first set rather handily 6-3. Then Chip said,
"Okay, its time for us to beat these old men. Troy, you team up with the
General, and then Scott and I are going whip your bottoms."

The set started and the young guys took a 2-0 lead. The General whispered,
"Troy, let's turn up the heat and show them who is old."

The General and I won the set 6-3. General Young laughed, "Okay you old men
get back in your wheelchairs."

General Young called to Alex, "Alex, why don't you and Scott team up
against Chip and Troy and see how well you can do. Tim, you and I will just
watch and laugh at the clowns."

It quickly became apparent that Alex and Scott had played together quite
often because each knew instinctively where the other was all of the
time. The set was tied at 2 all when Chip whispered. "Troy, let's show them
that they aren't so hot." Chip and I finally won the set 6-4 but not
without a struggle.

Tim came out on the court and held up my hand and said, "Ladies and
gentlemen^� The undefeated champ, Lieutenant Troy Nelson."

With that, Alex and Scott asked, "Can we have a rematch on Thursday?"

General Young said, "I can't make it but you guys can if Troy agrees."

The guys looked at me. I had nothing going so I answered, "Fine with me if
Chip, Tim, and Alex's parents have no problem with it. Just let me know
tomorrow."

With that I shook hands with everyone, Chip being last. He held my hand an
extra-long time and gave it a couple of squeezes.

We left the court area and I went back to the BOQ to shower. Next I went to
a small Mexican restaurant that I had seen not far from the base. I enjoyed
my quiet meal and then went to a grocery store to buy some additional basic
foods for breakfast and snacks.

When I got back to the room, my cell phone was ringing. I picked it up,
"Hello, Chip."

"Where were you? Why didn't you answer your phone?" he questioned.

"Chip, I went to dinner and then to the grocery store. I don't take the
phone with me unless I am traveling long distances or going somewhere for a
long period," I frowned.

"Oh, okay," he said. "What are you going to do after work tomorrow?"

"I thought I would come home after work, go for a run, and then grab a
quick dinner. Then I've got to finish unpacking."

"See you Thursday then. Our parents are all fine with us playing tennis at
1730. Goodnight." Chip punched off.

I had gotten ready for bed, turned on the television, and started to watch
a baseball game when I realized that I just needed to go to bed. At first,
I started reviewing what had been happening and then it seemed that all of
a sudden the blaring alarm was going off, telling me it was time to get up.

I had a quick breakfast and then went to the office, getting there before
anyone else arrived. I had made coffee and was reading some memos that
Lauren had put on my desk when Sam walked in.

Sam looked and me and laughed, "Coffee making isn't one of your
responsibilities."

"It doesn't bother me. I always did that on the farm before I went out to
the barn to milk the cows," I answered.

We started going over the schedule for Colonel Allen's day. I was surprised
to see 0830-1300 blocked for Lieutenant Nelson's orientation. Then I saw
another note that said Major Parsons would be out of the office after 0830
to supervise packers.

Just then Lauren came in. She looked at me, "Troy, if you keep this up, I
will be out of a job -- first, the telephone, now the coffee. I suppose you
also can take dictation of and use the computer."

"Yep, I took shorthand in high school thinking it would help me to take
notes in college, which it did. I had to learn to be proficient on the
computer to save myself hours of retyping."

Sam said, "Well Lauren, now you won't have to feel guilty about taking some
time off. You know that you have someone who can fill in for you if he has
to."

"That's what I'm afraid of," she countered.

Colonel Allen walked in. "Well, this is certainly a happy crowd. What's the
occasion?"

"Colonel," pouted Lauren, "Troy is trying to take my job. He knows how to
do everything I do."

The colonel laughed, "Don't worry Lauren; he is not even half as pretty as
you are. You're safe."

He turned to Sam and said, "Sam go home. We will see you tomorrow after the
movers have taken your goods. Don't forget the dinner party at my house on
Friday."

My wife and I are looking forward to being there," Sam said as he left.

The colonel looked at me. "Troy why don't you come, too? It would be a good
way for you to meet some people." He turned to Lauren and added, "You're
planning to come, aren't you Lauren."

"I don't have an escort sir. I know that you are having a dinner dance and
I would feel out of place," Lauren answered.

The colonel turned back to me and asked, "How about you Troy?"

"Sir, I don't know anyone on base that I can ask." I answered.

"So why don't you two agree to escort each other?" he said as he went into
his office.

I turned to Lauren and asked, "What do you think?"

"Let me make a phone call." She dialed and I heard her say, "Pat,
Lieutenant Nelson asked me to go to Colonel Allen's party on Friday
night. What do you think?"

I watched her as she listened and then hung up. She turned to me, "Pat
thinks it would be a good idea for both of us to appear at the party
together."

Just then the colonel came out and said, "Troy grab your hat and let's
go. Lauren, call Annie and have her give you a break."

"Sir, I'll just call a couple of my friends and they can come here and have
coffee with me here since Troy made the coffee. He also brought fresh
half-and-half."

As we were leaving, the colonel said, "Lauren, I won't be in the office
anymore today. I am going to spend the rest of the morning showing Troy
around the base and introducing him to the staff. We'll have lunch and I'll
drop him off and then head into town for the mayor's reception. I am not
planning to return to the office at all today unless there is something I
absolutely have to take care of. Lauren, when Troy gets back, I want you to
take the rest of the afternoon off, since you have been working a lot of
overtime lately. Troy can handle the office."

The colonel drove me all over the base showing me the facilities and
introducing me to the people I would be dealing with. Our last stop on the
tour was the recreation facility, where he introduced me to the officer in
charge, Lieutenant Ian Glenn.

After the introduction, the colonel said, "Ian, I want you to inform your
staff that if Troy calls and asks for a tennis court, they should try to
honor his request if at all possible."

Lt. Glenn looked and me and said, "I'll take care of that sir."

"Thanks Ian," the colonel said, as he showed me around the facility. He
made sure to show me the indoor tennis courts and the indoor track.

As we were returning to the car, the colonel asked, "Is the club okay for
lunch?"

I agreed and away we went. When we were escorted to a table the attendant
asked, "Gentlemen, would you like to order from the menu or visit the
buffet?"

The colonel looked at me, so I said, "I would like a bowl of soup, a bacon-
lettuce-and-tomato sandwich, and a glass of lemonade."

"Very good sir. And you, Colonel?" asked the attendant.

"I'll have what he is having, except that I would like a glass of iced
tea," the colonel answered.

The colonel spent about 45 minutes explaining what he expected of me. I
thought we were just about ready to leave but he started to talk about
something that shook me to my roots. "Troy, I am going to ask a big favor
of you, but you have the right to say no. I have spoken with both General
Miller and General Young and we would like you to become the guys' trainer
and tennis coach. When Alex came home last night, all he could talk about
was what a great tennis player Troy was."

I must have had a funny look on my face because Colonel Allen asked, "Is
something wrong Troy?"

"No sir," I said. "It's just that I had no idea that Alex was your son. I
didn't know his last name; he was just introduced to me as Alex."

"Troy, we don't expect an answer immediately, but the guys are very
determined. Chip wants to be the number one singles player on the tennis
team and Alex and Scott want to be the number one doubles pair. They don't
expect to achieve that in their sophomore year but are looking ahead to
their junior and senior years. Expect to be coerced when you play them
again tomorrow."

With that, we departed and he dropped me off at the office. When I went in,
I told Lauren to disappear and that I would see her in the morning with the
coffee on the desk.

"Troy you are something else. Alex, the colonel's son, called and wanted to
talk to you but I told him that you were out with his father. All he said
was, 'Good, talk to you later,' and he hung up."

The afternoon went by uneventfully so at 1730, I locked up and went to the
BOQ where I changed into my running gear. I ran for 25 minutes and then
retraced my steps to the Q. I decided I would need to measure out some
courses so I could keep track of how much I was running.

I went into the bedroom, threw my clothes into the basket to be washed, and
took a hot shower, which felt good since I hadn't done much running during
the time I had spent at home.

I dried myself in the bathroom and walked into the bedroom drying my
hair. All of a sudden something seemed wrong. I stopped rubbing my hair,
looked around, and there was Chip taking inventory of my body. "Chip, what
are you doing here?" I asked in a raised voice.

"I am looking at the most beautiful body I have ever seen," he answered as
he started walking toward me.

I started backing up until my back was against the wall. He closed in on me
and started to touch my body all over except for my penis. I began to
shake. He reached up and kissed me on the lips, trying to put his tongue
into my mouth.

Stepping back, he took my hand and placed it over his genitals so that I
could feel his hard penis. He manipulated my inflating penis and it went
totally hard. Then he dropped to his knees. I realized what he was about to
do.

"Chip, stop right now!" I leaned down and picked him up, set him in a
chair, and quickly grabbed a pair of briefs, which I put on.

I sat down on the bed and asked, "Chip, what were you doing? You should not
be in this room. How did you get in?"

I looked at him and he had tears in his eyes. He started, "Troy, I love you
and I just wanted to see how beautiful it would be to hold you. I started
planning this last night after you told me what you were planning to do
tonight. I waited outside your BOQ for you to go running and come back. I
gave you enough time to get in the shower and then I tried your door and it
was open, so I walked in. Troy, you are even more beautiful than I
imagined."

"Chip, you are scaring me. Please go," I sighed.

Chip got up with tears running down his cheeks. I just wanted to grab him
and hold him, but I held myself back. He turned and headed to the door. As
he was closing the door, he turned to me and said, "Please don't hate me."

I just fell into my chair feeling all confused. I finally got up and
dressed and walked to the officer's club in a daze. Entering, I went to the
bar, ordered a beer, and took it to a quiet table. I sat there thinking
about what had just happened. I finished my beer and went to get a second
one. As I was walking back to my table, I heard, "Mind if I join you?"

I looked up to see Ian from the Rec. Center walking toward me. I couldn't
very well say no. "Please do," I answered, so he brought his drink and sat
down across from me.

Ian had some questions. "Why did Colonel Allen want to make sure that you
had the facilities available when he was talking with me today?"

I looked at Ian and said, "I had no idea why he was doing it until I
figured it out at lunch today when were eating. He wants me to with work
his son and the two Generals' sons to improve their tennis games."

Ian shook his head. "Why would he ask you to do that? You must be pretty
good."

I gave him a synopsis of my tennis career. We started to talk about our
backgrounds. I finished my second beer and said, "I need to get something
to eat before they close."

"May I join you? I haven't eaten yet either. It gets lonely eating alone so
much," Ian said.

"Come on, let's chow down," I responded. After we placed our orders, I
asked about college.

He answered, "I went to the University of Missouri at Columbia. I had a
baseball scholarship, but I still had to work part-time."

"What position did you play?" I asked.

"I was the starting shortstop for the last three years. During my senior
season I was the Big Twelve League's leading hitter and selected to the
conference first team. I had a couple of offers from the major leagues but
chose not to try that route."

"Hey, I know someone that would really like to meet you." I said. Another
of the General's sons plays shortstop and wants to make the high school
team. I'll have to introduce you sometime."

We finished our meals and I said, "Guess I had better go back to the Q."

"I'll walk with you if you don't mind," he said.

We paid our bills and as we were walking I asked, "What about your love
life?"

He stopped and went white. I looked at him and asked, "Ian what's wrong?
Don't you feel well?"

We started walking again, but without saying anything. When we got to my
quarters, I asked, "Would you like to come in and talk?"

He followed me and I got us each a soft drink. He sighed. "This is very
difficult for me, but I guess I need to talk to someone. It hurts so
much. When I was a sophomore in high school, my older brother told our
parents that he is gay. My parents accepted that, even though they weren't
real happy about it. They said they would support him as long as he didn't
do anything to embarrass the family. I guess I sort of had known about his
situation all along.

"Anyway, I dated a lot of girls in high school but never found anyone that
I really wanted to get close to. When I started college, I began to think
that I might also be gay but I was not attracted to other guys and I didn't
really have any special feelings for the ladies I dated.

"That all changed the beginning of my junior year. I met Teresa at the
place where I was working part-time. She also worked there part-time to
make enough money to stay in school. We started dating and I fell deeply in
love. I adored her. We dated for the year and then at Christmas of my
senior year, I gave her an engagement ring but we decided that we would not
get married until this June after she graduated.

"I took leave the first two weeks of April so I could fly to Missouri and
we could finalize our wedding arrangements. She was on her way to the
airport to pick me up when she was hit head-on by a drunk driver and killed
instantly. I was stranded at the airport for three hours before I found out
what had happened. Needless to say, I was devastated."

Ian looked at me with tears in his eyes. I just went to him and hugged him
and said, "Ian, I am so sorry."

"Troy thanks for listening. You are one of the very few people on base who
knows what happened. I'd better go upstairs to my suite."

I walked Ian to the door and shook his hand and said, "Perhaps we can get
together again."

He waved as he walked toward the stairs. I felt really foolish, since my
problems seemed so insignificant compared to his. I got ready for bed, but
my mind kept going back to what had happened with Chip. I realized that I
had really enjoyed the contact and I began to wonder what Chip might look
like naked. Suddenly I caught myself and asked, "Troy what are you thinking
about this for?"

It took me a long time to get to sleep. I kept remembering how good Chip's
touch felt and felt myself become totally hard. Sleep did come finally, but
I knew I would be tired in the morning.

To be continued...  If you would like to read more good stories, you might
go to www.tickiestories.us

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Sat, 21 Apr 2007 11:44:03 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: THe General's Son Chapter 2

Chapter 2
First Day on the Job
By E Walk
(Copyrighted by the author)

I went through my morning routine, ate breakfast, and went to the Aircraft
Maintenance Squadron, where I was told that I would be assigned. I went to
the Sergeant at the reception desk and told her who I was and asked her
what I should do next.

She looked at me and said, "You are to report to Colonel Allen, the wing
commander."

"Where is the wing commander's office?" I asked blankly.

"It is on the other side of the base in building 42," she answered. "That
is the building where you processed in. I trust you have a car."

"Thank you, Sergeant James. I do have a car."

"Anytime Lieutenant Nelson," she smiled.

As I was driving to the wing headquarters I kept trying to figure out what
kind of trouble I was in to need to report to the wing commander's office
already. I parked and was beginning to get really nervous as I walked into
the building to locate the wing commander's office. When I got to the
office there was a major sitting at one of the two desks. The other desk
was empty. Just outside the Colonel's office an attractive young lady I
estimated to be 21 or 22 was sitting at a desk.

The major stood and asked how he could help me. I looked at him and said,
"Sir, I am Lieutenant Nelson. I was told to report to Colonel Allen."

He looked at me and I could tell he was critically examining me. He said,
"I'll tell the Colonel that you are here."

He knocked on the Colonel's door and opened it but didn't step inside. He
just announced, "Lieutenant Nelson is here."

"Have Lieutenant Nelson come in please, Sam. And, call Captain McNair and
ask her to join us. When she gets here, I want you and her to join us. That
way I will be able to tell all of you what is happening at the same time."

I went in and saluted Colonel Allen and said, "Lieutenant Nelson reporting
as directed sir."

He saluted me and then laughed. "At ease Troy, and sit down. That is the
last time I want you to salute me unless we meet outside and we are not
together and we are both in uniform."

He picked up a file and said, "This is most impressive young man. I see
that you were not only the Commandant of the Cadet Corps at the Academy but
that you also were graduated number one in your class. That is rather
phenomenal considering that you not only were the Commandant but also were
the number one singles tennis player on the varsity team."

"It also says here that you were scheduled to go into flight training until
your accident during your last collegiate tennis match. It seems that you
hit a post and had a concussion and lost consciousness for approximately 20
minutes. The flight surgeon examined you and found no damage but put you on
restriction for a year to make sure that there were no more reoccurrences
and then you can reapply for flight school."

I must have been sitting there with my mouth open again. I didn't have any
idea what to say. Thank goodness Major Parsons and Captain McNair arrived,
so I was spared having to say anything.

The Colonel introduced everyone by first name. When we were all seated, the
Colonel started. "For Troy's sake let me begin by saying that Sam has been
selected for promotion to Lieutenant Colonel and also selected to attend
the War College in August. He has requested that he be granted a leave so
he can spend time with his family before he has to report in August."

"Linda was scheduled to take his place, but I received word on Friday from
General Young that he has asked that she be assigned to his office as his
assistant protocol officer. Troy, someone recommended that I might consider
you to be my executive officer last evening. I had your records delivered
to my house last night so I could see what I might find. I was very
impressed and so here we are."

"Linda you are to report to General Young's office this afternoon at
1400. That should give you time to take care of whatever it is that you
need to do. Sam, I want you to make sure that Troy learns as much as
possible this week. Why don't you two plan to get here every morning at
0700 so that Sam can take off to help his lovely wife and children with the
move? I want him out of here by noon every day after today."

He looked at me and asked, "Troy do you think you can make it?"

"Yes sir, I've been living on a dairy farm for the last month. We have a
tendency to get up early."

"Good," the Colonel said and he went back to his desk. The rest of us left.

The empty desk was now sitting beside Major Parson's desk and he motioned
for me to sit down and thus began my introduction into being an executive
officer. Sam, as I was told to call him, made sure he introduced me around
to the people that would be my most important contacts. The first person
was the Colonel's secretary. As it would turn out, she and I would become
very important allies during my tenure at the base.

I met so many people that morning that my head was spinning. At lunchtime,
Sam suggested that we go to the snack bar and grab a sandwich and something
to drink. As we ate, Sam filled me in on more details of the job.

On the way back to the office Sam looked at me and said, "I was really
surprised this morning when Colonel Allen told me that my replacement was
going to be a 2nd lieutenant. It is very rare that a brand new 2nd
lieutenant becomes an executive officer. You must have some very important
friends or you have really impressed someone."

I laughed and said, "Sir, I was probably more surprised than you by what
has happened today and I assure you that I don't know any important
people. I am just a farm boy from Iowa."

When we got back to where we were sitting, we were going over some papers
when Colonel Allen walked in. I started to stand up.

"Troy, sit down. If you stand up every time I go in and out of the office,
you will be like a yo-yo."

Before Sam left at 1430, he gave me some Operating Instructions. He told me
I should read them. Lauren came to my desk and said, "Colonel Allen asked
me to make these folders for you so you could get to know something about
the people you will be dealing with most often. Is it okay for me to go for
a coffee break?"

I looked at her and said, "I don't know how to use these telephones. Back
home we used tin cans and a string. These new fangled gadgets confuse me."

She looked at me like she thought I was serious but then she realized I was
giving her a hard time and started to laugh. Just then Colonel Allen walked
into the office and asked, "What's so funny? You two playing love birds
already?"

Lauren said, "No sir, I am teaching the hillbilly here how to answer the
phone."

He laughed and said, "I didn't know that they had hillbillies in western
Iowa. I'll be back about 1630. I have to meet Senator Throckmorton when he
lands."

I looked at the Colonel as he left and then turned to Lauren. "Enjoy your
break. I think I can handle the office now that the Colonel is gone."

Lauren left and the phone was quiet. Several of the staff stopped in to see
the Colonel, but left as soon as they found out that he was out of the
office. I was reading the bios that Lauren had given me and they were
proving to be most helpful, since each bio contained a photo and the
person's resume. The phone interrupted my reading.

I picked it up and said, "This is Colonel Allen's office. How may I direct
your call?"

"You are not Sam. Who are you?" a young voice challenged.

"No, Sam has gone home for the day. I am his replacement when he goes PCS
next week. I'm Lt. Nelson," I answered. "How may I help you?"

The youthful voice said, "I am Alex, the Colonel's son, I wanted to ask him
a question but it can wait until he gets home tonight. Thanks. Goodbye."

I was reading the papers that Sam and Lauren had given me when the Colonel
came into the office just a couple of minutes before 1700. As he walked in,
he said, "Lauren and Troy -- call it quits for today. I have a couple of
calls to make and then I will lock up. See you two tomorrow."

He went into his office and Lauren and I left.

I got to the BOQ at 1730 and decided to take a shower and relax before I
got dressed. I was reading the base newspaper when my cell phone
rang. "Troy Nelson speaking."

"Troy, what are you doing? You are coming for dinner aren't you?" I heard
an excited Chip asked.

"Chip, I just took a shower and was trying to decide what to wear for
dinner tonight. Don't worry; I'll be there on time," I assured him.

"Are you naked?" he asked.

I started to laugh, "Why do you ask?"

"Because I'm trying to visualize what you look like when you are
naked. Bye." he disconnected.

I dressed and decided to walk to the Millers' quarters. I timed it so I
would arrive right on time. I was walking up the sidewalk to the Millers'
house when Scott, who was outside, came over and said, "Troy, I have to
check you out again since Chip swears you are an 11 or 12."

Just then, Chip joined us. "See, Scott. I told you."

"Well, I might go 9� but no higher until I see him in a pair of tight
Speedo swim trunks," Scott answered.

A Major General got out of his car in front of the house next door and
started to walk up to the house.

Chip yelled, "General Young, come and meet Lieutenant Troy Nelson."

The General approached the guys and Chip introduced us. After the handshake
formalities, the General turned to me and asked, "Troy would you and Chip
be willing to take Scott and me on in a doubles tennis match tomorrow
evening. Scott wants to see if we can give you a run for your money."

I looked at Chip and he nodded. I turned to the General and said, "Sir, we
would be glad to join you. I need the exercise. What time would you like to
play?"

"Do you think Colonel Allen will let you out so we could meet at 1730? I'll
bring the guys and we will meet you on the resurfaced courts on the other
side of the base."

I answered, "I am sure there will be no problem since I am going to be
going in early to work with Major Parsons so he will have time to prepare
for his move."

We shook hands and Chip guided me into the house. The Millers greeted
me. When the General offered me a drink I said, "Might I have some juice? I
have never acquired a taste for alcohol."

Chip brought me a glass of lemonade as well as one for himself and
Tim. When everyone was seated the General said, "Troy, why don't you tell
us a little about your background?"

"Well sir, my life has been very dull. I grew up on a large dairy farm in
western Iowa. Living on a farm didn't allow for much time for outside
activities. When I got to high school, my older brother went to Iowa State
so that I really needed to spend most of my time helping my parents and my
sister with all of the work around the farm."

"My parents insisted that I participate in one after-school sports activity
and I chose tennis because I felt it would take the least time. My parents
were okay with that, but they also made me choose a non-athletic activity
so I became active on the debate team."

"I really tried to stay home as much as I could to help with the chores but
my parents insisted that I do whatever I was involved in to the best of my
abilities and even hired two young people to help with the chores so that I
was free when I needed to be."

"In my senior year, I won the state single championship in tennis and our
school won the state debate tournament. In April I received word that I had
received an appointment to the Academy. When I told my parents, you would
have thought that my father had been elected the president of the United
States.

"At first, I was excited. But then I began to think that I should turn down
the appointment because my parents would need me. My parents realized what
I was thinking and they threatened to sell the farm if I didn't go to the
Academy.

"That was a pretty strong statement. I was graduated number one in my high
school class and received many good scholarship offers, but my parents,
especially my father, insisted that I should go to the Academy. I graduated
from the Academy in May and received my commission, so here I am after a
month's leave with my family in Iowa."

The General spoke up. "It seems to me like you forgot a few pertinent
details about your achievements at the Academy. Not only were you the
number one singles tennis player on the team, you were also runner up for
the national championship, which is pretty amazing considering that you
were the Commandant of the Corps and also graduated number one in your
class. Needless to say, I am impressed -- even more so now that I know you
are so unassuming."

Mrs. Miller interrupted, "Dinner will be ready in five minutes."

The three Miller men went to get ready. "Mrs. Miller, can I help you bring
the food to the table? At home we all help," I volunteered.

"Why thank you Troy. It would save me some time and steps."

We went into the kitchen and she directed what I should do. As the guys
came in, we were setting the last of the meal on the table and Chip held
his mother's chair while she was being seated.

After everyone was seated the General said a prayer of thanks and they
began to pass the food like we did at home. The General poured some chilled
white wine. He asked me if I would like any.

"I'll take a small glass sir," I answered. He poured me a half of a glass
and did the same to the boys and then he poured his own and everyone began
to eat. We were having a nice conversation when out of the blue Tim asked,
"Troy do you have a girlfriend?"

"No," I answered.

"Did you ever have a girlfriend?" he persisted.

"I never seriously dated any girl. I was always too busy with my school
activities and working on the farm to get involved romantically. I always
dated for special occasions; but no, I never had a steady girlfriend."

Tim laughed, "That will make Chip happy." Then I felt a hand rubbing my
thigh. I tried not to react but it was difficult. I looked at Chip and he
had a twinkle in his eye. I was beginning to feel a warm swelling in my
pubic area.

After everyone had finished dinner, the General said, "Guys, since Troy
helped your Mother get the dinner on the table, I think it is only fair
that you should clear the table and make sure everything is clean while
your Mother and I visit with Troy."

With that, the Millers led me to the den. I was sure that they were going
to tell me not to see Chip again, which I had no problem with. I was
totally unprepared for what would happen the rest of the evening.

Mrs. Miller opened the discussion, "Troy, growing up on a farm you may not
fully appreciate what we're trying to say tonight. I have the feeling that
you like and trust everyone unless they give you reasons to do
otherwise. Rich and I have a very open relationship with the boys. We may
not like everything they tell us, but we try not to be judgmental and
accept them for who they are and what they are and say."

General Miller stepped in, "Just about a year ago Chip came to us and told
us he thought he was gay. We talked openly with him about his feelings and
we decided he was probably right. We did make him promise that he would
never have sex just for the sake of having sex. Tim knows exactly what is
going on and has no problem with it, even though he says he is strictly
heterosexual. Again, we have no problem with that self-analysis."

I thought to myself, 'Okay, where is this going?'

Mrs. Miller picked up, "Troy, I can see that you don't understand why we
are telling you this. Ever since you brought Chip home yesterday after
playing tennis all he has talked about is Troy this and Troy that. Then
last night just before bedtime he came to us and announced that he thinks
he loves you."

I must have been sitting there with my mouth open again. Tim and Chip came
in and Tim said, "Troy, shut your mouth or you will swallow our cat." All
of the Millers laughed.

Chip asked, "Troy, did my parents tell you that I think I love you?"

I shook my head yes and then he asked, "Do you think you could ever feel
anything for me?"

That really shook me. I didn't know how to respond but figured the Millers
had been very open with me so I answered. "For the record, I have no idea
what love really means outside of my love for my family. I have never had
sex with anyone and I have always assumed that someday I would meet a nice
lady and fall in love. Quite frankly I have never even thought about loving
another male. Sure I messed around with some of my friends when I was
younger but we never touched each other."

Tim interrupted and asked, "You do masturbate don't you Troy?"

I just wanted to crawl under the sofa I was sitting on. I looked at Tim and
said, "Did I say I didn't?"

General Miller interrupted and said, "Okay, we have embarrassed Troy enough
for tonight. Chip what you did tonight to Troy at the dinner table was
totally inappropriate. That is just the type of thing that could ruin
Lieutenant Nelson's career and your reputation. It could even have an
impact on my career."

Chip said, "I'm sorry. I just wanted to be close to Troy and didn't even
think about the consequences."

"We'll excuse it for tonight but you can't afford not to think about such
things," answered the General.

I looked at my watch and said, "I really need to be going. I have to be at
work by seven in the morning." I stood up and thanked Mrs. Miller for the
wonderful meal and shook hands with everyone. I announced as I was getting
ready to depart, "I will be lucky to get to sleep tonight just thinking
about everything that has happened tonight."

Chip announced, "I'll take the Lieutenant to the door."

With that we went to the door. As Chip opened the door he said, "I hope you
don't hate me because I am gay and think that I love you."

I noticed he had tears in his eyes. I quietly said, "Chip, I wouldn't hate
you if you are gay, but I am scared and confused by the fact that you think
you love me." I shook his hand and walked down the sidewalk.

I strolled slowly back the BOQ, thinking about what had happened.

As I walked into my suite, the cell phone was ringing. Since the only
person who knew the number was Chip I answered, "Hello Chip, what can I do
for you?"

"I just wanted to say goodnight. Goodnight." He hung up before I could
respond. Since I didn't know his number I got ready for bed and had a
difficult time going to sleep. At some point I had slipped off into
never-never land because all of a sudden I was awakened by a rude ringing
noise.

To be continued...  If you want to read more of the story and some other
interesting stories, you might want to visit www.tickiestories.us.

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Wed, 11 Apr 2007 20:59:16 -0700 (PDT)
From: E Walk
Subject: THe General's Son Chap 1

Chapter 1
The Meeting

I had just sat down in a pew at the base chapel. I was looking around at
the stained glass windows and the people when I felt a presence beside
me. I looked and there was a teenager sitting next to me.

I had only been on base three days so I didn't know anyone, not even the
people in my squadron. I was still in the process of being processed in and
had moved into the Bachelor Officer's Quarters. I was scheduled to report
to work the next day, Monday.

I had walked past the chapel when I was processing in and saw that the
chapel had an Episcopalian service, so I decided to attend. I had grown up
in the Episcopal Church and had attended every Sunday evening the last four
years while I was at the Air Force Academy.

I was reading the bulletin and watching the people when I felt a hand on my
arm. The young man was looking at me and held out his hand and said, "Hi,
I'm Chip Miller. I hope you don't mind if I sit beside you."

I shook his hand and said, "I'm Troy Nelson. I am pleased to meet you."

I realized that he was a good-looking young man. He was about five feet ten
inches, but it was hard to tell how much he weighed. He wore a blazer with
a tie that covered his upper body but he filled it out nicely. He had dark
blonde hair and the most haunting brown eyes -- they sparkled. He
fascinated me. I guess I was staring at him because he asked, "Is something
wrong?"

I shook my head and said, "No, I was just surprised that someone would sit
down beside me since I don't know anyone here. Are you by yourself?"

"Nah, my parents and brother are up front. I just decided that you looked
more interesting. Do you play tennis by any chance?" he asked.

"What a strange question!" I said. "But yes, I do. I was on the varsity
team when I was at the Academy."

"What academy? Do you mean the Air Force Academy?" he asked.

I shook my head yes and he continued. "You must be the new Lieutenant my
father was talking about yesterday"

I had no idea what to think. The processional hymn had started and so we
didn't talk anymore. During the homily, his hand came to come to rest on my
thigh. I tried to not think about it and I certainly did not want to draw
attention to us. But I was sure that my penis was reacting and I did not
know what to do about it.

I was saved because by then it was time to stand for the closing hymn. He
looked at me, smiled, and winked.

After the recessional people started to leave and Chip turned to me and
said, "Troy, come with me and meet my parents and brother. I think that you
will like them." He didn't give me a chance to object. He took my arm and
guided me to the exit.

When we got to the narthex, I saw a three star general standing there with
a very pretty lady and a young man who looked exactly like Chip. Chip led
us the couple and said, "Mother and Dad, I would like you to meet
Lieutenant Nelson. He played tennis on the Academy varsity team."

The General stuck out his hand and said, "Please to meet you. I am Rick
Miller and this is my wife Becky and our other son Tim."

I shook their hands and as I was shaking Tim's hand Chip said, "Yeh, he's
my twin brother but I'm better looking even if we are identical."

I started to laugh. Before I could say anything, Chip asked, "Dad and
Mother, would it be okay for Troy and me to play tennis this afternoon if
he has time?"

The general nodded yes.

Chip turned to me and asked, "You do have a car, don't you Troy?"

I nodded yes.

"Good. You can pick me up at the house at two and we can go to the other
side of the base to play on the newly resurfaced courts," Chip smiled.

Mrs. Miller looked at me and said, "I think you have been Chipnotized." The
entire Miller family started to laugh.

Tim added, "You had better be careful or Chip will have conned all of your
clothes off of you before you leave the chapel."

I must have really turned red. I responded, "Well I had better get going if
I am going to be ready to wipe the courts clean with my opponent's pants."
I turned to the General and Mrs. Miller and said, "It has been a pleasure
meeting you. I feel like I am a yo-yo"

They laughed and shook my hand. I shook Tim's hand and then turned to Chip
and said, "Two o'clock sharp Chip. After all this is the military."

We parted, but Chip looked back and waved as he was leaving. All of a
sudden I realized that I had no idea where the Millers lived.

I stopped at the club for a quick lunch of soup and a sandwich. When I was
leaving I saw a picture of General Miller and then it dawned on me that he
was the vice commander of the entire command. I went to my apartment and
checked the base phone directory that said that Lieutenant General Miller
lived in Quarters 2.

I dug out my tennis racquets and a new can of balls. I quickly changed into
some tennis clothes and realized that I had better get a move on.

I had bought a white Toyota Camry when I was home on leave between being
graduated and this, my first duty assignment. I jumped in and pulled up at
the Millers' quarters at two minutes to two. I went to the door and Tim, I
assumed, since he was still dressed in his clothes from church answered the
door. I asked, "Would you please inform Mr. Chip that his taxi is waiting?"

Before Tim could say anything, I heard, "Tim, tell the driver to hold the
horses still. I'm on my way down." He started to jump down the steps but
then slowed to a snail's pace. I felt like he was staring holes through my
clothes.

At the same time, I was assessing what I saw -- I didn't know why. I had
never really bothered to look at the guys I had seen naked in school or at
the Academy. I was beginning to think that maybe I had been Chipnotized,
whatever that meant.

"Bye, Mother and Dad." he yelled as he guided me out of the house. As we
walking to the car, he matter of factly said, "Troy, you are even more
gorgeous than I imagined. I can hardly wait to see you without any clothes
on."

"What are you saying Chip?" I asked. I was a little scared by this
conversation.

Chip must have picked up on my reservation because he quickly replied, "I
was just commenting on how good your body looks. You must work out a lot to
keep your body in such good shape."

"I do work out some but just because I feel better and not because I'm
trying to impress anyone. I would rather people respect me for who I am and
not how I look." I answered.

We climbed into the car and I said, "Where to sir?"

Chip directed me to the Capehart housing area and to the park next to the
newly resurfaced tennis courts.

We finished the first two sets, which we split. They were both very
hard-fought sets and neither of us gave in. We went to get a drink and as
we were returning to the court, I noticed a good-looking young man standing
there watching. As we were walking to our places, the on-looker said, "Hey
mister, you must be a professional huh?"

Before I could answer, Chip yelled, "Nah Scott, he's just a lieutenant.

Scott said "Woof!"

Chip looked at him and laughed. "Back off, Scott, I saw him first. Besides
my father has three stars and yours only has two."

Scott pretended to pout and jumped on his bike and rode away.

"What was that all about?" I asked.

Chip ignored me and we continued the third set and I began to pull away as
Chip seemed to run out of steam.

When we finished the third set, which I won rather easily, we met at center
court and shook hands. "Yep, you wore me out. I'm exhausted." Chip
announced.

As we were riding back to the main base, I asked, "Who was that Scott
person?"

"Scott is my best friend and he lives next door to us. He was coming to
check you out since I had told how great you looked when we were eating
lunch at the club after church today." Chip said. I saw you eating your
soup and sandwich but thought I had better not bother you since we both had
to get home and change for tennis."

When we got to Chip's house I stopped the car but didn't turn off the
engine. Chip looked at me and asked, "Aren't you coming in?"

"Chip, I really can't. I have to get back to the Q and shower and then go
buy some groceries. Remember, I am a poor starving little Second Lieutenant
who can't afford steak and lobster for every meal."

He looked at me in the groin area and said, "You may be a poor Lieutenant
but you sure don't look too little."

I felt like I was going to fall out the door of the car.

He asked, "What BOQ are you in?"

"I am in King Hall, Apartment 4," I answered without even thinking.

He got out and reached in and shook my hand. "Thanks for the great match."
I'll see you," he said as he closed the door.

I watched as he started up the sidewalk to the house. I pulled away from
the house and my mind was going a mile a minute reviewing all that had
happened today.

I quickly showered and drove to a local chain grocery store and bought a
few groceries, which turned out to cost more than $100.00. I returned to
the Q and put the groceries away and fixed my dinner of lamb chops, baked
potato with sour cream, and a tossed green salad with bleu cheese
dressing. I was just finishing cleaning the eating area when the phone
rang. I was a little startled, since this was the first time I had heard
the phone since I moved in. I picked up the extension in the eating area.

"This is Lieutenant Nelson, may I help you?" I asked.

"Yeh," breathed a voice in the phone, "But I don't suppose you will"

"Who is this?" I asked.

The voice started to giggle and I knew who it was. "Chip, what can I do for
you?"

"Well, Lieutenant Nelson, my father would like to speak with you. Here he
is."

"Troy, this is Rick. I don't know what you did to Chip today but he is a
bundle of nerves about ready to explode. He even volunteered to do the
dinner dishes tonight, which he never does. The reason I asked Chip to call
you was that we would like to ask you to come for drinks and dinner
tomorrow night at about 6:30. My wife and I would like to get to know you
at least a little. Can you make it?"

If he could have seen me, my mouth was hanging open to the floor. "Sir, I
would be honored to have dinner with all of you. Where would you like me to
meet you?"

"Here at the house. We will be eating with both the guys. See you then.
Now, Master Chip would like to speak with you again."

Chip came on the line and asked, "Troy, do you have a cell phone?"

"Yes," I answered.

"What's your number, so I can call you from my room? It's more private
there," Chip said.

I gave him my cell number and we hung up. About fifteen minutes later, my
cell phone rang. "Hello Chip, how are you?" I asked.

"This is mission control making sure that all systems are go," he
laughed. Then he added, "I just want to tell you that Scott said he could
only give you a 9 out of 10 since he didn't see the rest of your body. I
told him he had vision problems and that 11 out of 10 was a better rating."
We both laughed.

I retorted, "If you could see any more of me, you would probably give a 5
out of 10 -- or less."

"Is that hard or soft?" he shot back immediately.

"You will never know my friend," I challenged.

"Don't bet your new car on it." he said. Then he added, "I am so glad you
can join us tomorrow night. Even Tim is excited. He is so straight that a
sequoia tree wouldn't move him. I guess you need to get to bed since you
have your first day at work tomorrow. Bye." The phone went dead.

I got ready for bed, but my mind was spinning faster than a roller coaster.
I must have gone to sleep, because the next thing I remembered was my
obtrusive alarm ringing.

To be continued...

TO find out more about this story and others good stories, visit
www.tickiestories.us.