Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sun, 6 Jan 2008 09:26:30 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: The Finance Officer and Me-Final Chapter

This story is a mixture of fact and fantasy.  The characters in my stories
do not use condoms, in their world there is no disease.  Our world is much
different, practice safe sex, use a condom.

  I was re-reading the note that Moose had left and reliving last night in
my mind again when there was a knock on my front door.  I placed the note
and the half bottle of Irish Whiskey in one of the cabinets so prying eyes
would not be able to see it.  I answered the front door and standing there,
in his physical fitness uniform, was my commander, Captain Miller.  "Good
morning sir," I said.  There was a brief awkward silence between the two of
us.  "Jonesy, can I come in?" the Captain asked.  "Sure!" I replied
stepping aside to let me commander in. He walked through the and proceeded
to head to the living and sat on the couch.  I followed, curious as to what
he wanted, given the awkwardness of yesterday morning.

  "Jonesy, I need to tell you why I did what I did yesterday morning and
why it went so horribly wrong." the Captain started.  I sat on the couch
next to him to hear his explanation.  The Captain explained that he had
always been curious but didn't know how to satisfy that curiosity.  He had
sensed something about me that made him think I would open to helping him
satisfy his curiosity but didn't know how to approach me about it.  It had
taken him several weeks and many nights of masturbating and fantasizing
about how he would start things off.  What transpired yesterday though a
complete disaster.  I continued to listen to him fumble and stumble over
his words, blushing here and there as he continued to reveal what he had
been struggling with for a very long time.  "The problem Jonesy is that I'm
a devout Catholic and have been ridden with guilt ever since yesterday.  I
just came by to tell you that this can and will never happen again, and to
offer my apologies for taking advantage of you like that." Captain Miller
said, he had quit talking and was just looking at me.  His facial
expressions revealed a man who was having a very hard time coming to terms
with who he was.  "I don't know what to say sir," I started, "You don't
need to be embarrassed or feel bad about what happened.  And if you're
worried that I'm going to say something, then let me assure you that I
won't." I said.  Again, a brief and awkward silence enveloped us.  "Well, I
need to get going." Captain Miller said as he stood, facing me.  The bulge
in his running shorts indicated that he was hard as a rock.  His dick
betrayed what his mind and words had just said.  I let me gaze linger
longer than I should have on his crotch and then stood and face the
Captain.  "Sir, it's OK, you have my word that I will say nothing of this."
I said, offering my hand so we could shake on the deal.  The Captain
reached out, grabbed my hand and shook it in the gentleman's agreement.
With that said, Captain Miller turned, headed towards the door and let
himself out.  Nothing more ever happened between the two us and a few
months later, Captain Miller was transferred to an overseas assignment.

  Thom and I saw less and less of each other as time went by.  He would
ocassionally stop by for a quick suck or a quick fuck but as far as
spending any serious time with each other, those days were over.  Thom was
my first, and as the saying goes, the first true love of my life.  Moose
and Tank never came back to visit either after our first encounter.  Moose
was transferred to Alaska a few months after our night together and Tank
had decided to let his enlistment run out and moved back to Puerto Rico.  I
threw myself into my work so I could one, not think of Thom and how much I
missed him and two, so I could keep my mind off my cock.  My first year
seemed to fly by and before I knew it, I was at the 2 year mark on my
enlistment.  My wisdom teeth were trying to come in and I had some pain off
and on.  My dental checkups were revealing that they may never come in but
the dentist wanted to wait and see what they were going to do before he
opted to take them out.

  A few days after my dental exam, I woke up around midnight in a great
deal of pain from my wisdom teeth.  Padding my way to the bathroom I
noticed that both cheeks were swollen.  I took a couple of aspirin and went
back to bed, hoping I could go back to sleep.  No such luck as the pain
continued to get worse.  0600 finally arrived and I showered, dressed and
headed for the Oderly Room.  The First Sergeant was already in the office
when I got there.  I told him I'd be going on sick call this morning and
explained why.  He nodded his agreement and I left to head over to the
dentist.  I didn't need to tell the front desk why I was there, they could
see the swollen cheeks and knowing that I had just been there a couple days
before, presumed that my wisdom teeth were the cause for my visit today.  I
was greeted by the dental tech, a slender man who appeared to be in his
early thirties, a Staff Sergeant, who introduced himself to me as Tony.
Staff Sergeant Tony Waters as a matter of fact.  I was taken back for
X-rays and then moved into one of the two dental chairs.  Tony proceeded to
prep me for the exam, placing the drool cloth around my neck and fastening
so it wouldn't fall off.  There were a couple of times while he was getting
me ready that I could swear he had rubbed his crotch into my back of my
hand.  It was very subtle so I couldn't be sure.  The dentist soon arrived
and having already read my X-rays explained to me that all four teeth were
severely impacted and had to come out today.  Fortunately there wasn't any
infection so he could remove them.  He continued to tell me that the bottom
two wisdom teeth were the worst, with the roots having wrapped around the
jaw bone.  He would need to sedate me in order to get them out, Novacaine
alone wouldn't do the trick.  He had Staff Sergeant Waters call my First
Sergeant to tell him that I'd be on quarters for two days and why.  Once
that was done, Tony returned and moved me to the room where they performed
their oral surgery.  While he was busy getting things ready, he once again
managed to rub his crotch against the back of my hand.  I knew this time I
was not mistaken as his actions were much more noticable.  The dentist soon
arrived, shot Novacain into my gums and then proceeded to inject the
anathesia into my left arm.

  I woke up several hours later.  Once the dentist had removed the impacted
wisdom teeth they had me transferred to the ER to finish sleeping off the
anathesia.  The Dental Clinic was located in the same building as the
Medical Clinic.  There was a small ER, capable of taking care of minor
injuries and simple fractures.  Anything above that had to transferred out
to Reno.  "Oh good, you're waking up.  How do you feel?" a female voice
asked me.  I tried to open my mouth to answer her but was still pretty
groggy, not to mention the fact that my mouth was full of gauze from where
the teeth had been pulled.  "Open wide please so we can change out that
guaze." the nurse said.  I did as I was told, still groggy and out of it.
While she was changing out the gauze, Tony came in and asked how I was
doing.  The nurse filled him in, they chatted for a few minutes and then
Tony came over to where I lay and proceeded to tell me that he would be my
nurse maid overnight.  He and nurse managed to get me off the gurney and
into a wheel chair.  I had the vague sensation that I was moving, but
again, still being groggy I couldn't have even told you what day of the
week it was.  The next thing I knew, someone was removing my uniform and I
had somehow gotten home, upstairs and was laying flat out on my bed.
Realizing my clothes were being removed I attempted a feeble defense.
"Relax, I told you I'm your nurse maid for the night." and I recgonized the
voice as Tony's.  I opened my eyes, saw his blurry face and smiled, well I
think I smiled anyway. Tony soon had me down to my underwear.  I could've
sworn I heard a few appreciative sighs and felt a hand grope my cock a few
times, but being in the state I was, I had no idea if I was dreaming it or
if it had really happened.  I closed my eyes and it was lights out again.

   I slept through the night and true to his word, Tony took care of me.
Checking in on me every few hours, changing out the guaze, etc.  I woke up
the next morning around 0800 in agony.  My head hurt from the anathesia and
my jaws hurt from the surgery.  Tony appeared out of nowhere.  "Good
morning," he said as he walked over to.  Tony looked down at me smiled and
asked how I felt.  I managed to get out (talking with a mouth full of guaze
is not an easy task) that my head hurt and my jaws felt like I'd been in a
fist fight and had been beaten to bloody pulp. Tony explained that because
the bottom teeth were so impacted, it took longer than the dentist thought
it would to get the teeth and most of the root cut out.  They had to prop
my jaw open and that was why the jaws hurt, the rest of the pain was from
the anathesia and the surgery.  Tony handed me a pain killer and a glass of
water. I took the pill, washed it down with water and laid my head back
down on my pillow.  Within a couple of days I was back to semi normal
again.

   I had a followup appointment with the dentist the following week.  I
arrived on time and Tony once again led me to the examination room.  He
explained that he was going to have to prop my mouth open for the doctor
but it wouldn't be as long as it was during the surgery. While he was
getting me prepped, again I swore I felt his crotch rub against the back of
my hand.  The dentist arrived and was just about to start his exam when he
was notified that an emergency case had come in.  A little boy had fallen
on the playground at the day care center and had chipped his front teeth.
Since they were permanent teeth, the physician felt it necessary to have
the dentist take a look.  The dentist left in a rush, leaving me alone
again with Tony. I began to drool down my chin which Tony noticed right
away.  As he leaned across me to get the suction, he again placed his
crotch at the back of my hand.  Quickly I flipped my over so I was now
cupping his crotch.  I began to rub his crotch through the fabric of his
uniform, causing Tony to let out a slight moan.  "Gotcha!" I thought to
myself, my imagination had not been wrong at all.  Tony continued to rub
his crotch in my hand and I began to lightly massage him.  I could the lump
in his pants and knew I was right on target.  Tony backed away, looked at
me with my mouth stuck open, leaned forward and proceeded to lick the roof
of my mouth.  Now it was my turn to moan.  We heard the dentist approaching
and quickly stopped our play.  The dentist was satisfied with the healing
but decided a long weeken would work wonders.  He called my First Sergeant,
said that I was doing great but since it was Friday he felt that a long
weekend wouldn't hurt the healing process.  My First Sergeant agreed and
home I went.

   It was about six in the evening, I'd eaten a bowl of soup for dinner and
was laying on the couch watching some TV.  I heard a knock on my front door
and got up to see who it was.  I opened the door to find Tony standing
there with a six pack of beer in his hand.  "Hey Tony!" I practically
squealed.  "Come in." I said.  Tony walked in and set the beer on the
counter. I had just closed and locked the front door when Tony grabbed me,
spun me around and started kissing me.  I grabbed the back of his head and
began kissing him back just as fiercly.  We stood in the entryway, locked
in our embrace, handing roaming over each other's bodies, feeling each
other's hard cocks through our jeans.  Tony finally backed off my mouth and
I immediately sank to my knees, unbuttoned his 501s, and yanked them down
to his ankles.  Tony was wearing white boxer shorts with the fly sown shut.
He obviously spent a great deal of time in the sun as his legs were very
tanned.  His hard cock was tenting his boxers.  I grabbed his dick and
started massaging it through his underwear.  Tony groaned and I was
rewarded with a drop of pre-cum soaking through his boxers.  I kept hold of
his dick, wrapping the fabric around it and proceeded to lick and nibble
the head of his cock.  Tony's legs buckled for a moment and he moaned
again.  "Oh fuck yeah, eat my cock!" Tony panted.  I continued to eat
Tony's cock through the fabric of his boxers until I had the front soaked
with my saliva.  Once wet the fabric turned almost sheer, I could clearly
see the head of Tony's cock and when I pressed the fabric even tighter
could make out his shaft.  "I'm going to fucking cum if you keep doing
that." Tony panted.  I pulled off his dick, grabbed his boxers by the waist
band, yanked them down and dove back on his naked cock.  Tony groaned,
stiffened and starting shooting his cum down my throat.  I continued to
nurse Tony's cock, sucking all of the cum out of softening dick.  Satisfied
I'd gotten every drop, I pulled off his dick, stood and shoved my tongue in
his mouth.  Tony picked me up and carried me upstairs.  After laying me
down on the bed, he proceeded to remove the rest of his clothes while I
quickly stripped out of my.  Tony was hard as a rock again, he climbed on
the bed and we proceeded to get into a sixty-nine position with Tony on
top.  This gave me a great view of his ass.  I spit Tony's cock out, shoved
pulled his ass cheeks apart with my hands and got into position to start
eating his ass out.  His ass smelled clean and fresh, I dove in, shoving my
tongue up his ass as far as I could.  Tony went wild, humping and bucking
his ass on my invading tongue.  He spit my cock out, reared back and just
started grinding his ass in my face.  "Oh fucking eat my ass man, fucking
shove that tongue up my hole.  God YES!  I can't wait to take your fucking
cock up my tight ass.  Yeah, eat my ass!" Tony screamed.  Tony leaned back
down again and proceeded eat my ass with the same fervor as I was eating
his.  We were both moaning and humping our asses on each other's tongue.
Tony's balls had pulled up tight in their sack.  "I'm going to fucking cum
again!" Tony managed to scream out.  His cock began to spit out his stored
up ball juice, his asshole clamping down on my tongue each time he shot.  I
could feel his cum spraying my chest and start to run down my sides.  Tony
dove back down on my cock and within a few seconds I was pumping my load
down his throat.

   Satiated we lay in bed, panting like crazy, sweat pouring off our
bodies.  Tony leaned over and started licking his cum off my chest.  Each
time he'd get a tongue full of cum, he'd lean up and kiss me, the two of us
tasting his load.  "I gotta piss and then lets rinse off." I told Tony.
Tony got up and headed for the shower.  He turned the water on, avoiding
the cold spray, and waited for me to piss in the toilet. He was quite
surprised to see that I had followed him into the shower.  "I thought you
had to piss." Tony said.  "I do, but who says you can't piss in the
shower?" I said, winking at Tony and giving him an evil grin.  I moved up
behind Tony, stuck my cock in between his legs and let go with my piss.  I
was essentially pissing on his balls and in his ass crack.  Tony wasn't
sure about what I was doing at first but as soon as he realized how good it
felt having my piss hit his ball sack he got into it real quick.  Tony's
cock came back to life and I reached around and started to gently stroke
his dick while I emptied my bladder.  "That feels good, your hand wrapped
around my cock, stroking me, feeling your warm piss hitting my balls." Tony
groaned.  My cock had hardened back up as well while I was pissing.  Once I
was done, I continued to hold Tony from behind, kissing the back of his
neck, nibbling on his ear lobes.  I slowly started humping Tony, my cock
rubbing up along the area between his hole and balls.  Tony's moaned his
appreciation and his cock flexed, releasing a drop of pre-cum.  I pulled
back further each time, my goal was to eventually end up with my cock
buried in his sweet ass.  It wasn't long before the head of my hard cock
was knocking on Tony's back door.  Slowly I started to push the head of my
cock into Tony's ass.  Tony stiffened and instintively clenched his ass
cheeks.  "I don't get fucked." Tony said and started to pull away from me.
I gripped him tighter and pulled him back to me. "Just relax Tony, I'm not
going to hurt you.  I think you'll like it once I get in." I said.  I
continued to keep pressure on Tony's hole with the head of my cock.
"Relax, I won't push in, you can take me at your speed but you've got to
relax and push out like you are trying to take a dump." I said, my hands
rubbing over his chest, flicking his nipples.  I felt Tony relax a little
more as the head of my cock began to slowly get sucked into his tight hole.
Slowly Tony took more and more of my cock and when my cock head and finally
pushed pass his anal ring, Tony let out a long, contented sigh, his dick
flexing causing it to slap his stomach.  "Oh GOD!  I never thought anything
could feel so good. Oh GOD you have to fuck me, hard!" Tony purred.  I
finished pushing the rest of my dick in and leaned forward to give Tony a
kiss.  Slowly he started to move his hips, both of us groaning, him feeling
a dick in his ass for the first time, me for feeling the tightness of a
virgin ass, remembering when I had taken Thom's cherry.  Before long Tony
was riding my dick like a bucking bronco.  A string of "Fuck Me's" and
"Harder, fuck me harder." being yelled out.  Tony stiffened, slammed down
on my cock once more and started shooting his load.  Feeling his ass lips
contract around my cock triggered my own orgasm and I started shooting my
load up Tony's ass.  Once Tony felt the first shot of my cum and realized I
was drenching his insides, he started shooting again.

   We both finished cumming and stood in the shower, kissing and caressing
one another.  I grabbed the soap, washed Tony's body from top to bottom and
he did the same for me.  We rinsed off, made our way downstairs and Tony
proceeded to make scrambled eggs for dinner.  We ate in silence and when we
were done, quickly cleaned the dishes and then headed for the couch.
Neither of us bothered to put any clothes on after our tryst upstairs. We
made our way to the couch and layed down, with Tony behind me, and started
to watch some TV.  It wasn't long until I felt the head of Tony's cock
knocking on my own back door.  I scooted my ass back and took Tony in one
swift motion to the base of his cock.  That single action sent Tony over
the edge and I could his cock flexing in my ass.  This being his third load
of the day, I knew he wouldn't be shooting much.  My own cock had responded
and Tony was furiously jacking me off, his dick still buried in my ass.  I
came close several times, but it just wasn't going to happen this time
around and Tony's hand and arm was getting tired.  He stopped stroking me
and we both drifted off to sleep.

   Tony and I continued to see one another until he was transferred.  My
term of service was soon up and I had decided not to reenlist.  I enjoyed
where I was at but wanted to see more of the world.  I called the
Reassignments Branch to tell them I wanted to voluteer for a tour in
Europe.  They called back a few days later saying all they had available
was Korea.  I passed, Korea didn't interest.  I left active duty and with
the money I had saved, decided to make my own way to Europe.  With passport
in hand and the exchange rate in my favor, I began a journey of a lifetime
and along the way, made a few friends.  Thom and I briefly kept in touch
after I left service, but like our relationship, his letters eventually
quit arriving.  I would learn a year later that Thom had been killed in an
automobile accident.  I cried for days over losing him.  He was, after all,
my first.....

   The End

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sat, 5 Jan 2008 11:24:14 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: The Finance Officer and Me - Part Four

This story is a mixture of fact and fantasy.  My characters live in a world
where there is no disease so my stories do not involve the use of condoms.
The real world isn't so, practice safe sex, use condoms.

    The knock on the front door jolted me awake.  I wasn't sure if I'd
heard someone knock or it was still a continuation of my dream so I laid on
the couch a few more seconds.  I quickly realized that I was covered in
sweat, had a very hard erection and a painfully full bladder. The knock on
the door sounded again, this time much louder. I got up to answer the front
door, hoping that my bathrobe would cover my hardon. I opened the door and
standing there was my First Sergeant.  "Oh shit," I thought, "My freaking
dream within a dream was really a premonition."  "Jonesy you look like
shit, how are you feeling?" the First Sergeant said.  "I'm better, I think
my fever finally broke so am thinking I'll come in tomorrow and see what
the office looks like." I responded.  "No you won't, you're on quarters for
the week.  It's Thursday, everything is under control and there isn't
anything that can't wait until next week." the First Sergeant said.  "Here,
missus First Sergeant made you her special chicken noodle soup.  It's a
secret recipe that's been in her family for years.  She swears by it and
that it's the cure all for everything." The First Sergeant said as he
handed me the container of soup.  "Thanks First Sergeant, and please send
my thanks to missus First Sergeant." I replied.  We continued to make small
chat for a few more minutes before the First Sergeant excused himself, got
into his car, and headed towards the Orderly Room.  I closed the front
door, put the soup in the refrigerator and headed to the bathroom.  I
stopped as I entered the living as it was this moment in my dreams that
there was another knock on my front door.  I waited for a few more seconds,
the knock never came, so I continued on to the bathroom.  My cock was still
bone hard, the head an angry purple color with pre-cum streaming down the
underside of my dick and onto my balls.  My underwear was soaked with a
mixture of pre-cum and sweat.  Standing at the toilet, I did everything I
could to will my hardon away, but my dick was not taking no for an answer.

    I also realized that it must have been several days since I'd had a
shower as I stunk to high heaven.  I decided to take a long hot shower, I
turned the water on to let the hot water run through the pipes.  There was
no tub, just a very large shower, capable of holding at least three
people. I had just finished taking my soaked clothes off when there was
another knock on the front door.  Sighing, I turned the hot water off and
put my robe back on, my dick still hard as a rock and my bladder still
painfully full.  I got to the bottom of the stairs when the knock sounded
again.  "Just a minute, I'm on my way!" I shouted.  I reached the door,
opened and was surprised to see my Commander standing at the door, dressed
in his physical fitness uniform.  "Captain Miller, what a surprise!" I
said, "Come on in!" I continued as I stepped aside to let him in.  Captain
Miller was an ROTC graduate.  He was a very nice guy, but he always seemed
to be a bit uncomfortable with himself.  He was a tall, skinny, lanky man.
He had good looks, but wore the standard Army issue glasses that make
anyone look like a first class grade A geek.  "Jones, I um, well, I was
running and, we're pretty worried about you, so um, Oh shit." He stammered.
Without saying another word he grabbed me, pulled me to him, leaned down
and forced his tongue in my mouth.  After a quick and very awkward kiss, he
shoved me to my knees and yanked down the front of his shorts and jock
strap.  His dick was rock hard and pointed right at my face.  Before I
could even touch it, he started shooting his load, covering my lips and
chin with his load.  Embarrassed, he pulled his shorts up and ran out of
the house before I could even absorb what had just happened.  I got up,
closed and locked the front door and made my way back upstairs, forgetting
that I still had a face full of fresh cum.  I started the shower one more
time and while I was waiting for the water to get hot, looked in the
mirror.  I looked at the cum that was now dripping off my chin and onto the
front of my bathrobe.  I wiped it up with my finger and began to lick his
load off my finger as well as my lips.  His cum was thick and had a very
acrid, bitter taste to it.  "Hmmm," I thought.  "I wonder what that was all
about and I wonder what the hell he eats to make his cum taste like this."
I still had a raging hardon and knew that trying to piss would be
impossible.  I also knew that trying to cum with a full bladder would also
be impossible.

   I leaned against the wall, closed my eyes and just let the hot water of
the shower run over me.  Within a few minutes, I had relaxed enough that I
started pissing, even though I still had a raging hard on.  The stream
flowing out of my dick grew strong and stronger and before long the stream
was actually hitting my chin.  Oddly, I found this to be an incredible turn
on and I began to dip my fingers in my piss stream and started to gently
twist and tug on my nipples.  "This is incredible," I thought to myself.
"Oh man, this feels so fucking good, emptying my bladder, my piss running
down my chest, God, my nipples are so hard and oh man, I could cum like
this." I continued thinking to myself, twisting and tugging harder on my
nipples.  My balls had completely pulled up into me and I honestly thought
that if I just touched the head of my dick I'd start shooting while still
pissing. Because I was hard as a rock and my bladder had been so full, it
seemed like I would never stop pissing.  I continued to lean against the
wall of the shower, enjoying the feeling of this new found experience.  I
finally emptied my bladder and began stroking and caressing my hard cock.
Cock juice was just flowing out of the head of my cock and I slowly jacked
myself off.  I took the middle finger of my left hand, dipped it in my cock
juice and began to play with my ass.  The lips of my hole opened
immediately and started sucking my finger in.  I was in heaven as I began
to fuck myself with my finger.  It had been close to a week since I last
came.  For a horny 18 year old, that was a lifetime.  My orgasm hit me
without warning.  Cum started shooting out of my cock, splashing my chest,
tits, chin in cum.  My legs were shaking so bad I thought I was going to
slip and fall so I squatted down, finger still in my ass, cum still
shooting out of my cock.  The rest of my load simply poured out and over my
cock and ran down and over my hand, coating my pubes and my ball skin.  I
finally quit cumming and started to recover from my orgasm.  "Oh man that
was fierce.  Never had a cum feel THAT good by myself." I thought, panting,
trying to regain my breath.  I calmed down long enough to get the cum
washed off of me.  Getting out of the shower, I realized that I truly did
feel a lot better.  I put on a pair of sweat pants and a T-shirt; I decided
at the last minute to ditch the underwear, and made my way back downstairs.
I'd also stripped the sheets off my bed as I had soaked those with sweat
several times over the past couple of days and they were reaking as well,
threw them in the wash and proceeded to heat up some of the soup.

   My phone rang while I was waiting for the soup to heat.  "Hello," I
answered, "Thom!  How are you?  How'd the audit go?" I asked.  Thom filled
me in on the audit, said it went great and that he'd gotten to know the
auditor pretty well.  The Finance Office staff had done so well that the
base commander had granted the staff four days of administrative leave as a
reward.  He and the auditor were going to head to Reno for the weekend and
celebrate.  "OK, have a great time." I said, a little disappointed that I
wouldn't be seeing Thom anytime soon.  I hung up the phone and stared into
thin air, I couldn't help but feel a little angry with Thom.  "Was this the
green eyed monster of jealousy rearing it's ugly head?" I thought.
Suddenly I was no longer hungry and as I was pouring the soup back into the
container, realized that tears were beginning to stream down my cheeks.
"Stop it, you big baby." I argued to myself.  "You're a fuck buddy to him
and that's all.  He's made no committment to you and is free to screw
whomever he wants." I continued.  This, of course, was assuming that the
auditor was gay himself and that they would indeed be spending the weekend
gambling, fucking and gambling. I went to the phone and dialed the First
Sergeant's number at the orderly room.  The First Sergeant answered after
the second ring; I again thanked him for the soup, lied and said was very
good and I would have the rest for dinner and then proceeded to ask if it
would be OK to go to the Post Exchange.  I explained that I was feeling a
lot better and really felt I needed to get out of the house for a little
bit and that I was thinking about buying a TV.  In the Army, when a doctor
places you on quarters, it is a lawful order and it means just that, stay
home and get better.  If you violate those orders, then you are subject to
punishment under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, this was why I was
asking for permission.  The First Sergeant agreed but said I had one hour
and that was that, and that he'd be calling me to make sure I was back home
within that hour.  I agreed and hung up the phone.  I didn't even bother to
change clothes, just threw on some socks, grabbed my ratty old sneakers and
a jacket and practically ran out the door.

   I was about halfway to the Post Exchange when my bladder filled, yet
again.  Once inside the Post Exchange I glanced at the clock, I had excatly
45 mintues to get in and get back home.  I made my way towards the mens
room.  There were two urinals and two stalls and standing at the second
urinal was one of the Military Police guys I worked with.  Privacy in the
Army back then was unheard of.  You were lucky to find a restroom that had
doors on the stalls, the urinals never had a dividing wall between them.
Any genuine cock lover could get an eyeful of dick at any given time just
by heading to the urinals.  Corporal Fernando Rodriguez was the MP standing
next to me.  Rodriguez, or Tank as the other MPs called him, was five foot
seven and was 200 pounds of solid muscle.  Bodybuilding was a hobby for him
and his body was absolutely beautiful to look at.  Tank was from Puerto
Rico.  His father was Puerto Rican and his mother was Swedish, and Tank had
gotten the best of both parents.  His skin was a natural light tan with the
dark brown eyes that seemed to stare into your soul, promising you of a
wild fuck if you were lucky enough.  He had the jet black hair of his
father but lacked the machismo arrogance, instead he had the best traits of
the Swedish personality, fun loving, outgoing, congenal.  His thighs and
arms were massive, with a barrel chest that tapered into a size 30 inch
waist.  His ass was perfectly sculpted, two beautiful mounds of flesh that
his Olive Greens just molded around.  As I stepped up to the urinal, we
both nodded to one another, acknowledging each other's presence.  Silence
was golden at the Army urinals, it was an unwritten rule that Army men did
not converse at the urinal.  I unzipped and proceeded to do my business,
face forward, staring at the wall.  I caught movement out of the corner of
my and turned my head just enough to see what Tank was doing.  He had
stepped back far enough from the urinal to give me a perfect view of his
prized possessions.  Tank had completely zipped open the front of his pants
and had tucked the waist band of his boxers up under his balls.  My mouth
watered as I took in the sight of his uncut cock.  Soft, he had to be at
least seven inches long and thick, very thick.  He had shucked back his
skin just enough so I could see part of the head of his cock.  I noticed
that he trimmed his pubes and his balls were shaven.  I also noticed that
he had quit pissing and was just standing there, holding his cock.  I
glanced over to see him staring right at me, a slight smirk on his face,
his eyes begging for me to reach over and grab a hold of his dick.  He
motioned for me to step back, which I did.  I had immediately sprung
another boner, he gazed at my cock.  Whomever was in the stall had finished
their business as we heard the toilet flush.  We both zipped up and headed
out of the rest room before our mystery guest could find us.

   I quickly looked at the clock, I had exactly 30 minutes left before I
had to head home.  I zoomed over to the electronics section and began to
browse the TVs.  "So whatcha looking for?" I heard a voice say.  "Duh!  A
TV" I replied without even looking to see who was talking to me.  I felt
someone walk up behind me, lean in and softly say, "Geez, you flash your
dick at a guy and this is the thanks you get." I recognized the voice of
Tank immediately and turned, bright red from embarassment.  "Tank, geez
man, I'm so sorry!" I said.  Laughing he said it was OK, and asked if he
could help me out.  "Actually, yes you can.  I'm on quarters, the First
Sergeant let me out of my cage for an hour and I have exactly 25 minutes
now to get a TV and get home before he calls to check in on me.
Unfortunately, I don't know jack shit about electronics." I said.  "I'll
help you out," Tank said.  "This is the one you want, here, let's get it,
we can put it in my truck and I'll drive you back home.  We'll be back in
plenty of time." Tank said as he reached for a box.  I had paid for the TV,
we brought it home, set it up on my coffee table steamer trunk and had it
going when the First Sergeant called.  Satisfied that I'd been a good boy,
he hung up.  I walked back into the living room and sat down on the couch
next to Tank.  "You feel like having some beer?" Tank asked.  "Sure!" I
said, but the fridge is empty, haven't been out doncha know." "No problem,
I'll go get some and be right back." Tank said, standing to leave.  "Oh
Tank, just one rule I have in my house.  No one drinks and drives, so if
we're going to have some beer, bring along a change of clothes." I said.
Tank turned, his face lit up, and agreed.  He then left to get beer and
clothes and before he left said he'd be back in about 45 minutes.  He also
asked if I'd mind if he brought along a buddy, again, giving me that
mischevious smile, he said I'd like him too.  I smiled back and off he
went.  I had just enough time to make sure that I was clean as a whistle.
I needed cock right now and I figured if Thom could play so could I so I
set about getting myself ready for what hoped to be a sex filled night.

   True to his word, Tank returned, two cases of beer in hand and another
Military Police member who we simply called Moose.  (No, nicknames in the
military aren't very imaginative).  Moose was a body building buddy of
Tanks.  Moose was 100% pure blooded Irish.  Flaming red hair, pale fair
skin, gorgeous deep green eyes and like Tank, a body to die for.  Standing
side by side, Moose and Tank were body twins.  Tank had also stopped at the
local pizzaria and had brought a couple of pizza's with him.  "Can't drink
on an empty stomach!" Tank said.  Tank and Moose had managed to find a
football game on the TV.  I hated watching sports but watching these two
hunk of men slap each other's ass, twist each other's nipples or some other
display of primordial male behavior each time a score was played turned me
on to the point of no return.  Both men seemed to down one beer after
another while I managed to nurse on mine.  It didn't take long before the
first case of beer was empty and they were halfway through the second.  I
also noticed that they were beginning to show the first stages of being
buzzed and was glad that I had insisted the stay over.  If nothing else
happened this night, at least I knew they were safe.  I also noticed that
as much beer as they drank, neither one was going to the bathroom.  I had
managed to polish off three and it seemed like I was having to piss every
two minutes.  The game finally ended and the second case of beer was gone.
"Now what happens?" I silently wondered.  "Be right back, gotta get more
beer" Moose slurred.  "No, you're not driving to get more beer Moose,
you're already buzzed.  Besides, I hid both of your keys." I replied in my
best Mother Hen stern voice I could muster.  "No worries, got another case
in the truck along with good Irish Whiskey." Moose replied.  He turned to
Tank and they both shared an knowing glance, as though silently they had
managed to pass along what the next move was going to be.  Somehow I
managed to pick up some sort of vibe from those two and once again, my cock
sprang to life.  Moose went to the truck, brought back the beer and the
whiskey and asked where my glasses were.  I told him and he soon returned
with a beer for each of us and two shots of Irish Whiskey.  Moose held up
the whiskey, offered an Irish toast that had something to do with the road
always meeting your feet.  We downed our shots of whiskey.  The flavor was
incredible and so smooth, there was no fire at the back of your throat that
caused you to immediately go into a fit of coughing and gasping.  Two more
shots were poured followed by another Irish toast.  I didn't know how the
Tank and Moose felt but I was completely buzzed and ready for anything they
could possibly give me.

   I was taking a gulp of my beer when the games began.  Tank and Moose
began flexing and posing for me.  Each time they changed positions an
article of clothing was removed.  I loved seeing the contrast of skin color
with the two men.  Being bodybuilders they also shaved their arm pits,
looking at their flexed biceps and triceps with hairless arm pits turned me
on to the point where my cock, once again, started producing a river of
precum. It wasn't long before both men had stripped to their posing
straps. The straps they wore resembled a G-string, only without the line of
fabric running up their ass.  They both approached me, turned around and
bent over in front of me.  As muscular as their ass cheeks were, they
naturally parted, giving me a perfect view of their shaved, smooth ass
holes.  I leaned forward, inhaling the masculine sent and began licking
Moose's hole.  While I going to town on Moose's ass, I dipped my finger
into my river of pre-cum and began fingering Tanks hole.  Both men moaned
and leaned towards each other and started kissing one another, their
tongues in a fiery dual with each other.  Both men stood, picked me up and
proceeded to carry me upstairs.  They laid me down on my bed, told me to
stay put and headed to the bathroom.  A few minutes later they came back in
remarking on how large my shower was for such an old house.  They walked
back over and began to remove my clothes, I felt dwarfed by the massiveness
of each man and a little insecure about my own body.  I was definitely in
shape, but nothing compared to these two.  Tank picked me up and as I
wrapped my legs around his waist, he proceeded to shove his tongue down my
throat and carry me to the shower.  Moose quickly followed behind and all
three of us were soon standing on the cold tile of the shower.  Tank and I
continued to kiss and Tank slowly lowered me so that the tip of his uncut
cock was poking at the entrance to my ass.  I could feel his own river of
cock juice as he slid his dick back and along my hole, lubing me for entry.
My ass lips flexed, trying to grab the head of his cock so I could start
sucking his dick into my hole.  God how I ached to feel either of them in
my ass.  Tank let me down gently and proceeded to lay down in the shower on
his back.  Moose reached for and guided me to his arm pit where I proceeded
to lick his pit.  He tasted so clean and fresh and there was not any hint
of razor stubble scraping my tongue.  I felt a tongue dipping in my piss
slit and knew it was Tank licking at the cum honey I was producing for him.
Moose guided me to his other arm pit where I proceeded to do the same.
After getting his pit good and soaked, he leaned down and began kissing me
with the same fierceness that Tank had done previously.

   Every nerve ending of my body was on fire; each touch, kiss, lick,
nibble took me to a higher level of ectasy.  My cock was rock hard and flat
against my stomach.  Moose guided my head down to his nipple where I
started licking and sucking on his dime sized nipples.  Moose pulled me off
his nipples and I realized that at some point one of the two had placed a
can of shaving cream and a razor in the shower.  I shuddered in pure
delight at the prospect of what both men had in mind.  Tank reached for the
can of shaving cream and began lathering up my balls and, bending me over,
the crack of my ass.  Once I was lathered, Moose proceeded to gently and
carefully shave my balls clean and was working on my ass.  I was moaning
and sighing like crazy.  Moose put the razor down and stepped away while
Tank got the shower going.  Warm water began cascading down and over my
cleanly shaved balls and in the crack of my ass.  While the shaving cream
was being rinsed away, Moose took a pair of scissors and cut my pubes.  I
was completely groomed by now and couldn't believe how much larger my cock
and balls appeared.  Tank grabbed me, lifted me up and together we gently
lowered ourselves to the shower floor.  I could feel the tip of his uncut
cock poking at the entrance of my hole and as we made our way down to the
floor, I managed to get half of his cock inside me.  It felt so good having
a dick up my ass again and I shuddered at the pure delight.  Once we were
situated on the floor, I finished taking the rest of Tank's cock up my ass
and I just sat there.  Enjoying his hardness inside while at the same time
allowing my ass muscles to fully relax.  Moose came over and stood in front
of me, his hard cock right at mouth level.  He gently grabbed my head and
titled it up so that I was looking right in his eyes.  "Are you ready for
the next step?" he asked.  I simply nodded.  Moose then looked down at Tank
and asked him the same question, to which Tank replied with his agreement.
"Open your mouth, but do not place it on my cock." Moose said.  I did as I
was told.  Moose aimed his hard dick towards my mouth and let his bladder
muscles relax.  I was immediately rewarded with a stream of piss right in
my mouth.  I started swallowing as fast as I could, the beer and whiskey
had given his piss a sweet flavor.  I immediately locked my lips around his
head, I didn't want to waste a single drop.  While Moose was feeding me his
piss, Tank had let go of his own stream and was flooding my ass with his
piss.  I could feel the warm stream filling me up and instictively I began
to ride his cock.  I realized that my own bladder was full and so I too let
loose with my own stream of piss.  Tank grabbed my cock and guided so that
I stream of flowing right into his own mouth.  I glanced down to see him
letting my piss wash over his face, over his chest, on his tits.  I could
also feel his piss start leaking out of my own ass and given the way were
positioned, it must have been flowing out and over his balls. Moose's
bladder was soon empty as was Tanks and my own.  I swallowed what was left
of Moose's piss and let the remainder of Tanks flow out of my ass.  "God
that was hot guys!" I panted.  "Oh, we aren't done yet." Tank replied.
Moose reached over, turned the water off and proceeded to pick me up off of
Tank.  Tank's cock plopped out of my ass and what little piss was left
inside poured back down over his cock.  His cock flexed and I could see a
couple beads of cum shoot out of the head.  We dried off and moved the
action to the bedroom.  Moose ran downstairs, buck ass naked, and came back
up with three more shots of Whiskey.  One glass had an extra shot it in and
that was passed to me.  We downed the whiskey and both men climbed on the
bed.  Facing each other, they intertwined their legs and laid back.  The
sight was incredible, there they lay, cock against cock, balls against
balls.

   Tank instructed me to come over and straddle his face, he wanted to get
my hole good and open for the next round.  I quickly climbed on my bed and
proceeded to sit on his face.  While Tank was going to town on my hole, I
leaned forward, grabbed both their dicks and began trying to fit them both
in my mouth.  The best I could manage was to get the tips of their heads in
my mouth.  I immediately began licking their piss slits and was quickly
rewarded with a mixture of their pre-cum.  Just as the beer and whiskey had
sweetened their piss, so it had also sweetened their pre-cum.  The two men
were grinding their crotches against one another while I licked and sipped
on the tips of their cocks.  "Get ready!" Moose shouted and I was
immediately rewarded with another round of their piss of which I instantly
swallowed.  Tank moved his mouth off my hole and instructed me to straddle
Moose.  Moose feasted on my hole for a few more minutes then proceeded to
start inserting fingers into my ass.  Moose's fingers were long and thin
where as Tanks were short and thick.  It wasn't long before Moose had four
fingers in my hole and I was bucking and grinding my ass on his hand.  My
cock was rock hard and I was coating Moose's stomach with a layer of my own
pre-cum.  Tank somehow, from where I do not know, produced a bottle of
poppers for me to inhale.  The poppers and Moose's fingers sent me to
another level of ectasy that I didn't know existed.  Satisfied that Moose
had me opened enough, he withdrew his fingers from my ass.  What I didn't
know was that I had actually taken half his hand in my ass, as Moose would
later tell me.  Moose produced a bottle of lube, again from where I don't
know, and proceeded to lube both he and Tank up.  While Moose was getting
the to cocks ready, Tank was having me inhale more poppers.

   Satisfied they were good and lubed, the both guided me to where I was
squatting over both their cocks.  I knew what was next and wasn't sure I
would be able to do this.  Slowly I began to squat down until I felt the
heads of both cocks at the entrance to my hole.  I grabbed the lube and
placed a generous amount of lube on and in my ass.  It was clear the men
wanted me to sit on both of their cocks together, but I wasn't so sure I
could accomodate that.  Taking another hit of poppers I continued to lower
my ass onto both cocks.  I felt their heads push and stretch my hole wider
than I thought was possible.  Maybe it was the combination of beer, whiskey
and poppers, but there was very little pain as both of heads of the cocks
slid past my anal ring and into my ass.  I stopped moving once I got past
the two cock heads.  I was as full as I'd ever been and I loved it.  No
pain, no discomfort, just pure bliss.  I looked down, just to make sure I
really was riding two cocks at once.  A river of pre-cum poured out of my
piss slit, running down the underside of my cock, coating my balls and
their balls with my sweet nectar.  Because of the way I was straddling
them, I could only see Tank's face, my back was to Moose.  I gazed at
Tank's face, his eyes were closed and he was mumbling things in Spanish
that I had no idea what he was saying.  I could hear Moose's voice behind
me telling me how good my ass felt around his cock and how hot it was
feeling Tank's dick against his while my ass sucked both men in.  I closed
my eyes and began riding both cocks.  It wasn't long before I had taken
them both down to the base of their cocks.  The pressure of both heads on
my prostrate was causing cum to run from my cock without even having an
orgasm.  I can't tell how good their cocks felt inside me nor can I tell
you how long I rode them.  I was completely lost within my own sense of
erotica.  I could hear both men groaning, shouting, begging me to ride
their cocks harder, they needed to cum so bad.  Cum continued pouring from
my cock because of the pressure on my prostate.  I was not only coating my
own cock and balls in cum but it was also coating both of their balls in
cum, adding to their pleasure as well as mine.  Their shouts of ectasy and
swearing reached a crescendo as both men hit their orgasm.  I could both
cocks shooting in my ass, firing cum so far in me that I swear I could
taste it in the back of my throat.  I rode them harder, my own orgasm
rapidly approaching.  As they were calming down, I hit my peak.  I
screamed, my eyes rolled in the back of my head and I shot cum everywhere.
My cock was so hard against my own stomach that I was literally hitting
myself in the face and hair with my own load.  I bucked, shuddered,
screamed, I was so loud that Tank had to cover my mouth for fear the
neighbors would hear me.  My orgasm seemed to last forever, finally I
started coming down off my erotic high.  Both Tank's and Moose's cocks had
softened and had plopped out of my ass.  I fell over onto Tanks chest,
panting, moaning, still shuddering.  I felt empty not having their cocks in
me but yet so full.

    The three of us had drifted off into a post cum sleep.  When I woke up,
both men had left.  Morning had arrived and as I slowly wakened, my mind
began to replay the events of the day before.  I reached down to feel my
ass, I wasn't sore but my lips were still open and parted, cum still
leaking out.  I ran my hands over my chest, face and hair, feeling my own
dried load.  I laid there, content, still replaying the pornographic movie
in my head.  I couldn't believe what had happened and how far I'd been
willing to go.  The thought of Thom was still there and for a brief moment,
a sense of guilt.  Had I cheated on someone who I didn't know where I
stood?  Was it cheating when you were only fuck buddies to begin with?  I
had no answers to those questions, nor did I want any answers.  I was
satiated for the moment.  I got up, went to the shower, turned on the water
and proceeded to get cleaned up.  I dressed again in sweat pants and a
T-shirt, made my way down stairs to make some coffee.  As I entered the
kitched, there on the counter was a half full bottle of Irish Whiskey with
a note that read, "Words cannot describe last night.  Tank and I have
fantasized about this for as long as we've known each other but have never
found anyone willing or able to fulfill our fantasy.  Thanks for a wild
ride!  Let me know if you're up for more, we have another buddy who just
might like to join in.  Talk with you soon.  Moose."

    Let me know what you think and keep sending the good thoughts!  I
appreciate the feed back!

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Fri, 14 Dec 2007 17:00:58 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Finace Officer and Me - Part Three

This story is a mixture of reality and fiction.  The charaters do not use
condoms as in their world, disease does not exist.  The real world is very
different, please use protection.

I woke up the next morning feeling the beginning of a cold coming on.
"Great, just what I need..." I thought to myself.  By noon I had lost my
voice and my throat was so sore I could barely swallow.  "Thom, I think we
need to leave." I croaked out.  Thom turned around, looked at me and just
busted out laughing.  I was sitting on the ground, next to the remains of
the fire, shivering, blankets wrapped around me and throwing him a classic,
"fuck you" look.  Thom stopped laughing long enough to tell me that I
sounding like Barry White and Minnie Mouse rolled into one.  "Ha ha ha,
very funny!" I croaked, trying to swat him on his ass.  "Oh I'm just
playing, don't be like that." Thom begged, giving me that puppy dog look.
We started packing up camp and were headed back to the base by two that
afternoon.  I had Thom drop me off at the emergency room as by now I felt
like I was running a fever and was beginning to cough like crazy.  A few
hours later I was on my way back home, antibiotics and the standard Tylenol
3 in hand along with a note confining me to bedrest for the remainder of
the week.  I stopped at the orderly room and turned the note into the
Charge of Quarters (CQ) who also couldn't help but laugh at my pathetic
loss of voice and finally headed for home.

I must have slept through the remainder of the weekend for the next thing I
knew, it was ten o'clock Monday morning and my phone was ringing. I must
also have spiked and broken many fevers while I was out as my pajamas and
sheets were soaking wet.  "Hello?" I croaked into the phone. All I heard on
the other end was more laughter, so I waited until the voice attached to
the unknown man calmed down.  "Jones, it's Top (Top is short for First
Sergeant), I'm just checking in on you."  "I'm OK" I croaked.  Again, more
laughter followed by, "Well I'll be over in a few, the missus made some
chicken noodle soup for you and demanded I bring it to you right away.  You
know how women are." Top said.  "Uh Huh" I muttered back, indicating that I
did indeed know what women were like, when in reality I didn't have a clue.
"I'll see ya in a few." Top said and then hung up before I could respond.
I got out of bed, padded to the toilet and pissed for what seemed like an
hour.  "Jesus Christ, just how long was I out?" I thought.  I had no sooner
shaken the drops off when there was a knock on the front door.  I stumbeled
downstairs and opened the door to find Top standing there with a large
Tupperware bowl full of his wife's homemade chicken noodle soup, along with
a dark brown bottle, about the size of a pint of liquor, filled with a
homemade concoction.  Top handed me the soup, gave me instructions on when
and how much of the mystery stuff I should take and said, "Whatever you do,
do not smell it.  Hold your nose before you even open the bottle and
breathe through your mouth.  It's nasty smelling stuff, but it seems to
work." Top said.  He then turned on his heels, headed to his car and took
off back to the office.

I ate some of the soup, drank some of the mystery magical potion and headed
for the couch to lay back down.  I was just about to lay down when there
was another knock on the door.  I got up, opened the door and there stood
Thom with another gentleman whom I'd never met before.  I stood aside so
they could enter and quickly closed and locked the door behind me.  "How
you feeling sweety?" Thom asked as he leaned in to kiss me.  "Like shit and
I swear to God if you start laughing I'm going to punch you right in the
balls!" I croaked.  Thom giggeled and then introduced me to Larry, the
gentleman with him.  Larry was from the Inspector General's office and was
the person that was conducting the audit on the finance office.  It seemed
that Thom and Larry had struck up a conversation and realized they had a
lot more in common than they thought.  Thom just had to introduce me to
him, although the way I felt and sounded I'd rather he not have.  "Baby, I
know you don't feel good but I think Larry and I have a way we can make you
feel a little better." Thom said.  I looked at the two men and shook my
head up and down indicating that I understood and please continue.

Thom had me sit back down on the couch, to which he and Larry then took off
their business jackets.  Thom went over to my sterero, turned on some light
jazz and walked back over to Larry.  I just stared at them, curious as to
what they were up to.  Larry was about six foot even, mousy blonde hair
with full moustache to match.  His chest wasn't as defined as Thom's was,
but it was still a firm chest nonetheless.  I couldn't tell about his
crotch as the cut of his slacks gave no indication as to what he might be
packing.  Thom and Larry turned to each other and began kissing and
fondling one another.  While still kissing they began to slowly undress
each other until they were down to just their underwear.  I now got a
really good look at Larry's body.  He was very smooth, making me think he
shaved, but appeared to have a very nice sized cock that was tenting his
underwear.  The two men turned towards me and began stroking each other
through their underwear.  As sick as I was I couldn't help but get hard
watching these two.  They caressed one another, hands stroking hard cocks
through their underwear material, groping and clutching balls.  Every now
and then one would lower the waist band down of the other's shorts, giving
me a peak at just the base of each others cocks.  Both men were leaking
like seives and had soaked the front of their underwear to the point where
you could just make out the piss slit.  Thom began sucking on Larry's
nipples, still rubbing his hand up and down Larry's covered cock.

Larry had Thom turn around and began running his hand up and down the crack
of Thom's ass.  This made Thom moan and his cheeks quiver.  By now I had
removed my blanket and had pulled my own hard cock out and was slowly
stroking it, enraptured with these two gorgeous men in front of me.  Thom
turned back around to face me and both men began walking towards me.  "Do
you want my cock?" Larry asked me, grabbing his cock through his underwear
and holding it out for me.  I nodded yes.  "Do you want my cock?" Thom
asked me, mimicking what Larry had just done.  Again, I nodded yes.  "Come
here, taste me." Larry said as he reached out to grab the back of my head
and pull me closer to his crotch.  I reached up to remove his underwear and
he swatted my hand away.  "Taste me through my cloth, and if you're good,
I'll give you the real thing." Larry said.  I began licking the head of his
cock, his underwear tasted and smelled of pre-cum and a days worth of
sweat.  Somehow it only managed to fuel my lust.

I must have licked Larry's cock from top to bottom a million times, each
time dropping lower and grabbing at his golf sized balls with my teeth.  He
still would not let me remove his underwear.  Thom then came up and pulled
my to his crotch where I repeated the same thing.  Both men were sighing
and whispering, "yeah, eat my cock, c'mon, eat my underwear covered cock."
Each time they said this they would grind their hips further and further
into me.  I was stroking my cock faster and faster, my mouth and tongue
alternating between both men.  "Oh God, you two taste so good." I moaned,
forgetting that I didn't have much of a voice.  "I'm going to fucking cum
you too, GOD I want to suck your cocks, please, let me suck you off!" I
begged.  Neither man moved or made a sound, they just continued to jam
their covered cocks into my mouth.  I was working on Larry's balls when I
felt that familiar tingle in my nuts signaling that I was going to blow my
load.  I started moaning louder and louder, both men were now rubbing their
covered cocks up against my cheeks.  I screamed as the first load shot out
of my cock, arcing up and landing on Larry's covered balls.  As I was
shooting, Larry and Thom both moaned, grabbed my head and starting dropping
their loads in their underwear.  I started sucking the cum out of the
fabric of each man's underwear, triggering another small orgasm of my own,
my cum just trickling out of my cock.

We ended our orgasms, all of us sweating and panting.  Both men leaned down
and shoved their tongues in my mouth at the same time.  About that time
there was a knock on the door.  "Shit!" I said as I grabbed the blanket to
cover my cum stained clothes.  I ran to door, forgetting about Thom and
Larry standing there in their cum soaked underwear.  I opened the door,
"Jesus Christ you look like shit!  The missus made you some chicken noodle
soup and demanded I bring it over right away." Top said.  "Top?" I croaked,
"Weren't you..." and I turned to the living room only to find no one was
there.  "Jonesy, Earth to Jonesy" Top said snapping his fingers to get my
attention.  "Hum?" I said.  "Jesus Christ, how much of those Tylenol's you
taking Jonesy?  Here, here's some kinda homemade concoction from the missus
with directions on how to take it.  Hold your nose though, that stuff
smells worse than rotten meat.  Well, I'm outta here Joesy, get some rest,
see ya next week." Top barked as he headed towards his car.  I closed the
door, headed back to the couch and looked in the living room.  "What the
fuck?" I asked myself.  I then checked to see if there was any cum anywhere
and found none.  "Did I just freaking dream this?" I thought, "How many of
those Tylenol's DID I take?"  Just then there was another knock on the
door.  I went to the door, opened it to find Thom standing there with
another gentleman.  Before Thom could say a word I reached out my hand and
said, "You must be Larry, nice to meet you.  Won't you come in?" Thom and
Larry looked at me with a confused look on their face, wondering how I
could have known Larry's name.......

Hope you enjoyed the reading!  Again, thanks for all the great e-mails!

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Tue, 13 Nov 2007 22:27:49 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: The Finance Officer and Me - Part Two

I wasn't going to continue with the story on this, however I got so much
mail asking for more.  Thanks to everyone who's sent in their comments.  I
greatly appreciate them and keep them coming!  I realize the characters in
my stories do not use condoms.  In my storyland, there are no diseases.  In
reality there is - please have sex responsibly; use a condom.  Remember -
this is fantasy and fact and all the usual legal disclaimers apply.

I woke up around eight o'clock the next morning.  I rolled over to snuggle
with Thom for a few minutes only to find I was already snuggling with the
pillow next to me.  I opened my eyes to find the other side of the bed
empty.  "What the hell?" I asked myself.  "Did I dream this or did it
really happen?" I continued to think.  The dried cum on my stomach, dull
ache in my head and ass lead me to realize that I hadn't dreamt this at
all, it had happened.  I laid there a few more minutes, eyes closed, smile
on my face, my hand tracing circles in the hair on my stomach, remembering
what was slowly coming back to me.  I decided to get up, I had to take the
usual morning pee anyway.  Once business was taken care of I trodded
downstairs, clad in only in a T-shirt, to put a pot of coffee on.

Standing in the kitchen and waiting for the coffee to brew, I decided to
wash up last night's dishes.  To my surprise, they had already been washed
and stacked in the drainer to dry.  I grabbed a coffee cup from the cabinet
above me and turned to get some milk out of the refrigerator.  I normally
drank my coffee black, but every now and then liked to put some cream (or
milk) in it.  I noticed a note taped to the refrigerator door and read it,
"Thanks for a great evening.  I'll call ya today.  Thom".  I smiled again
as the memories of last night continued to flood my mind, my cock beginning
to stir from it's slumber as I recalled every vivid detail of Thom's body.

The phone ringing brought me out of my pornographic instant replay.
"Hello." I answered.  "Hey - it's Thom.  How are you today?" Thom
asked. "Good - slight headache, slight assache, but good.  And you?" I
asked.  There was a long pause on the other end.  "Oh shit," I thought,
"it's the morning after regret.  Get ready." I continued to think.  I was
just about to break the silence when Thom's voice started telling me what a
great evening it was and that he hadn't known that male to male sex could
be so good.  "What?" I asked, "I mean, haven't you done this before?" I
continued.  "Not exactly, at least not to the extent that we went last
night." Thom replied.  "Look, is there, I mean, can you, well, oh shit,
this isn't coming out right at all." Thom exclaimed with a tone of
frustration in his voice.  "Thom, I don't know where you're trying to go
with this.  If you're having second thoughts, it's OK, just tell me.  I
understand the curiousity thing, I think I understand is more like it,
look, you know, I mean, oh HELL!  Now I'm stammering and stuttering!" I
exclaimed, frustration in my voice as well.  "OK - we both need to just
slow down for a minute.  Tell you what, do you think you might be able to
take some time off this week?  Say Thursday and Friday?" Thom asked.  "I
don't know," I replied, "The First Sergeant has a strict advance
notification leave policy.  I'll ask, I mean, I've been putting in some
long hours, the worst he can do is tell me no, right?" I said more than
asked.  "Right, you're right, so tell you what, um, I've got some stuff to
do today and so I'll call you this week and we'll go from there.  Sound
like a plan?" Thom asked. "I guess, Thom, I have to ask.  Putting all of
what happened aside for a moment, are we OK?  I mean, is our friendship
OK?" I asked.  "Sure!  It's as solid as ever!" Thom replied.  "I'll call
you later." Thom added and before I could say anything else, the line went
dead.

I spent the rest of the day getting stuff done.  Laundry, cleaning, mowing
the grass in the front yard, raking the leaves up.  It was the start of
fall and the trees in the area were giving off magnificent colors of red,
yellow and orange.  Unfortunately the color brown had been stacking up in
my front and back yard.  I knew if I didn't get it raked up soon, I'd soon
get a letter from the landlord.  There was a small grocery store just a few
blocks down the road.  The food there was extremely overpriced, but it was
Sunday and the commissary was closed.  I walked down there to grab a few
basic items.  By the time I had done all of my chores, the day was pretty
well shot.  After putting the groceries away and doing a couple loads of
laundry (the landlord furnished a washer and dryer, nothing fancy, but it
did the job and beat going to the base laundromat), starching and ironing a
uniform for the next day, polishing my boots, it was time to eat dinner.  I
didn't have a TV yet, so had become best friends with the base library and
was reading the latest spy novel when the phone rang.  "Hello." I answered.
"Hey, it's..." and before he could say another word, "THOM!  I was just
thinking about you!" I shouted.  "No you weren't, you're reading a book and
sitting on your lumpy couch." Thom replied.  "How the hell?" I asked, "Look
out your back window." Thom replied.  Thom was standing there wearing a
flannel red and black jacket, Black T-Shirt, and my favorite, 501 blues.
The 501 blues just absolutely accentuated the bulge on Thom, the area
around his crotch faded lighter so you could see which way "he dressed".  I
jumped off the couch, ran to the back door and flung it open.

"Hey - what brings you here?" I asked.  "Nothing, thought you might like a
pizza for dinner." Thom said, pulling a medium pizza from behind his back.
"Come on in, I picked up some beer at the store today, we'll toss back a
few..." I never got to finish the sentence.  Thom had managed to jump
through the back door, close and lock the door and was shoving his tongue
down my throat and kissing me so hard it was as though he'd gone many years
without any human touch at all.  My hands instictively went around his
back, rubbing up and down the length of his back.  Thom had somehow managed
to set the pizza on the table without dropping it or missing a beat of our
kissing.  He had moved his hand so that they were cupping my face, he
pulled away and just stared into my eyes with this look of lust and longing
in his eyes.  I gazed back at him, a dopey silly teen-aged crush smile on
my face.  "Well, I just came by to drop off the pizza and to cop a quick
feel.  I'll be leaving now." Thom said and turned to head back out the
door.  "Not so fast mister.  You had damned well better finish what you
started" I screeched, reaching out and grabbing him by his belt.  "I want
you out of those clothes and in my bed now mister!" I ordered.  Thom turned
around, looked at me with a quizzical look on his face and then burst out
laughing.  In between fits of laughter he managed to get out, "Oh if you
could only have heard that from my side of the room and then turning around
and seeing that Drill Sergeant look on your sweet face...oh... oh....I
can't quit laughing!" Thom said.  I had also joined in the laughing myself.
We soon quit laughing and I grabbed two beers and some plates and headed
over to the table.  We both sat down, opened our beers and began diving
into the pizza.

"So here's what I was thinking." Thom started, in between bites of his
food.  "If you like camping, I know of a place we can go.  There's a really
nice lake about 25 miles up the mountain that has a secluded cove to it.  I
found it a couple of years ago; I go there when I need some time to get
away.  It's quiet, surrounded by pines and no one ever goes up there as the
road is too rough to take a trailer up.  What do you think?  We could leave
Thursday, come back Saturday and then we'd have Sunday to do the things we
need to do." Thom said.  "Sounds great! Hopefully I can get the time off."
I added.  We leaned across the table towards each other and kissed again.
"So, do you feel like staying over tonight." I tenatively asked.  "I
thought you'd never ask, brought me an overnight bag too just in case."
Thom said.

We finished our dinner and decided to call it an early evening.  I went
upstairs to shower while Thom climbed into bed and waited. I finished my
shower, dried off, and feeling nice and clean after a days worth of yard
work, climbed into bed next to Thom.  His light breathing told me he was
sound asleep, his hard cock told me something else.  Feeling horny myself I
scooted under the covers and began licking the head of Thom's cock.  He
obviously had been thinking about something as when I darted my tongue into
his piss slit, I immediately tasted his sweet pre-cum.  This of course
fueled my horniness even more.  Without touching his beautiful cock, I
quickly engulfed it all into my mouth and began sucking on his cock.  My
tongue darted all around the head of his cock as I came up, dancing around
the underside of his cock where I knew was the most sensitive.  His cock
was giving me more of his sweet nectar and his soft moans told me that he
was definitely enjoying what he was feeling.  I took my right hand and
began massaging his balls, they were already tight against his skin
signaling to me that he was working his way towards orgasm.  Thom was now
gently thrusting his hips towards me, his cock going further and further
down my throat.  I quickly relaxed my throat muscles and would breathe in
when he was on the down stroke.  Doing this allow him the pleasure of
fucking my mouth.  Thom had also spread his legs open so he could gain
better levrage, it wasn't long before my fingers found his hole and began
lightly rubbing it.  I reached up and ran my finger in the pool of saliva
that had managed to collect at the base of his dick and moving back to his
tight puckered hole, I slowly started tracing circles around the lips of
his ass.  His ass lips began to clench on their own and his cock pumped out
a stead stream of nectar into my mouth.  I no sooner started to put a
little pressure on his hole when he bucked once, groaned and started
shooting his cum down my throat.  I swallowed as much and as fast as I
could but still wasn't able to get it all.  Once his cock had quit pumping
his cum into my mouth, I eased off his cock and began to lick the cum that
had ran down his cock and was now pooled at the base of his dick.
Satisfied that he was nice and clean and that I'd gotten all of the cum, I
scooted back up to kiss him.  What I found instead was a man who'd now
slipped off into that europhoric state of sleep that we all go to when
we've cum.  I rolled over and grabbing my own hard cock started to relieve
myself of my own pent up load.  It didn't take long before I was shooting
my own load, most arcing over my head and landing on my pillow.  Ignoring
the cum on my stomach and pillow, I too, dozed off.  The alarm rang at four
the next morning.  Thom showered, dressed and scurried out the door.  I
inturn headed for the shower, cleaned up and off I went.

I had gotten permission from my First Sergeant to take leave and called
Thom to let him know that we were on.  The week seemed to drag by, made
even worse by the fact that Thom had said he wouldn't be able to visit me
until he came to pick me up.  He had an audit that he was preparing for and
since he was going to be gone for two days, was putting in some overtime to
get ready.  Wednesday finally arrived and surprisingly the day went fast.
Thom had called earlier in the day to tell me what time he would be picking
up me and to pack warm clothes. Thursday arrived and Thom came to get me at
eight that morning, right on time.  It took us a couple of hours to go the
25 miles as the road we were on was a forest service road and not very well
maintained.  We finally arrived and Thom was right.  We had the entire
place to ourselves, save for a few racoons.  It didn't take long for us to
set the tent up, blow up the air mattresses and get the rest of the camp
put together.  Thom brought up some wood while I unpacked the food.  "We
don't want to leave the food out." Thom said.  "It'll just attract the
racoons more so than ever and might even get noticed by a bear."  he
continued.  "Oh, I didn't think about that." I said and began to put the
food back in the boxes and in the back of Thom's jeep.  Fortunately he had
a hard cover on the jeep so we wouldn't have to worry too much about
anything ripping it open.  The progressed nicely, we went fishing for our
dinner and Thom managed to catch a couple of nice sized large mouth bass
along with a couple of crappie.  I managed to snag my line three times,
catch two small bluegills and managed to somehow snag a rather pissed off
snapping turtle.  We headed back to camp, cleaned the fish and Thom put the
filets in some ice water.  We both reaked of fish so we stripped off our
clothes, grabbed our towels and a bar of soap and headed back to the lake
to clean up.  Before we left though, I needed to answer the call of nature.
Thom threw me the toilet paper and pointed me in the direction of the
outdoor au natural toilet (called a fallen log) to which I proceeded to do
my business, bury my business and head back.  Thom was already in the lake
and halfway through cleaning up when I arrived.  Thom soon finished, said
he'd see me in a few and headed back to camp.  I watched as he walked away,
the two globes of his beautiful ass moving in unison with his strong legs.
His ass cheeks were naturally parted so it didn't matter which way he stood
or leaned, you got a beautiful glimpse of his rose bud peeking out from his
black hair.  My mouth watered and my cock sprung to life watching him walk
back to camp.  "Get a grip, you'll be getting some of that soon." I thought
and finished cleaning up.  Satisfied I was clean, I walked out of the lake,
hard on leading the way, grabbed my towel and also headed back to camp.  I
didn't see Thom when I arrived but heard some rustling followed by the
unmistakable splashing sound of someone taking a leak and knew what he was
doing.  I threw on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, slipped my feet back
into my sandles and headed over to the fire.  Thom soon returned and began
getting ready to cook dinner, he was also dressed in shorts and a tank top
that showed off his beautifully muscled biceps along with his furry chest.

Thom's dinner was the best meal I had eaten in quite some time.  Fried
fish, braised new potates and salad definitely hit the spot.  We had had a
couple of beers with our dinner as well.  We took our dishes to the edge of
the lake and rinsed the food off so that there would be as little of a
smell of food as possible.  We then finished washing the dishes in soap and
water back at the campsite.  On one of Thom's trips, he had made a nice
fire pit surrounded by rock and had managed to drag a large tree trunk up
so that you could sit by the fire and lean against the trunk, on the ground
he had placed a tarp and threw an old blanket over it.  Satiated with a
full belly, I grabbed my beer and headed to take a seat on the ground next
to the fire.  I noticed that Thom had gone into the tent and in a few
moments he emerged, carrying a bottle of some sort of liquor with him.  He
walked up to me, handed me the bottle and told me to take a swig from it.
There was no lable on it, so had no idea what he was handing me.  I, of
course obliging, took a huge swig off it and immediately began coughing and
gasping.  "Easy there tiger," Thom said, "Ole Jack Daniels doesn't go easy
on whiskey virgins!" he continued, turning his back towards me so that he
was now facing the fire.  I continued to cough and gasp for a few more
minutes.  I looked up to where Thom was standing and instantly got hard.
Thom had taken off his T-shirt (for it being a Fall evening, it was still
rather warm) and was wearing nothing but a jock strap.  He had propped one
leg up on the end of the log that he had in the fire and had leaned
slightly foward.  His beautiful ass was framed in white by the straps on
his jock.  It was now dark so I couldn't see between his ass cheeks, but
new that underneath his soft fur was a beautiful pink rosebud waiting to be
plucked.  I took another swig of whiskey, this time swallowing ever so
cautiously, and sort of crawled/scooted to where Thom was standing.

Just as I started to move, Thom lit up a cigar.  There was something about
this gorgeous man, standing there in his white jock strap, showing me his
ass, sucking on a cigar that just triggered something in me.  Not only was
I good and hard now but was also leaking my own pre-cum which was now
soaking through my underwear and my shorts.  I quickly removed my clothes
as I moved closer to Thom.  I was now sitting right in front of his ass, I
could smell the clean scent of soap on him.  I stood up on my knees, his
ass was now right at my mouth.  I moved in closer to his hole until the
hair on his ass started to tickle my nose.  I then grabbed both of his
cheeks and parted his ass the rest of the way open, exposing his pink hole
to me.  I couldn't hold back any longer, I dove in, licking and chewing on
his sweet hole.  Thom groaned, "Oh yeah baby, oh that feels so fucking
good.  C'mon, eat my ass out, shove that tongue up my hole." Thom panted.
I continued to lick his hole, moving my tongue in circles around his lips,
licking up and down the length of his crack.  I soon started digging my
tongue into his hole, letting go of his ass cheek with my left hand, I
reached around to get his dick out of his strap.  Thom had already pulled
the pouch to the side and was slowly stroking his dick.  "Oh yeah baby, oh
God that feels so good.  Take my cherry baby, c'mon, take me, I want you to
break me in good." Thom continued to groan.  "Did he say what I think he
said?" I thought.  "Take my cherry?  Is he really this new?  But he can't,
he's too good at...." I thought and paused.  Letting go of his ass cheeks,
I spun him around and standing, I looked into his eyes and asked, "Thom,
are you a virgin?  Have you never had a cock up your ass at all?" I
asked. Thom moved away from me, reached down, grabbed the bottle of Jack
Daniels and took a swig from it.  He threw his cigar in the fire and sat
down, his back against the log, his hard dick quickly going down.  "Uh oh,
I think I hit a button." I thought to myself.

Thom looked up at me with a look of confusion and needing in his eyes.
"Come here, obviously I need to talk to you." Thom said.  I looked at him,
quizzically and walked over to sit down next to him.  "What on Earth do I
say now?" I thought.  "To answer your question, yes, I am a virgin in that
I've never had a cock in my ass.  Never even had a tongue up there for that
matter, well until tonight.  I've known for a long long time that women
just didn't work for me.  I've know that it was a man that I wanted and I'm
not completely ignorant to man on man sex.  I've fooled around with men,
mostly blow jobs, hand jobs, fucking them in the ass.  I've always wondered
what it would be like to have someone fuck me for a change.  And then, when
we were together the other night, I watched you, so closely.  I wanted to
see and read every expression on your face.  Once you hit that spot where
you had gotten the head of my cock in, you just had this look of pure
ectasy on your face.  It was as if you had found paradise, and then I
watched you move and I listened to you groan and sigh and coo and beg for
me to go faster.  And then when you reached your orgasm, oh my God, I can't
even describe it to you.  I watched you sleep the whole night, you had such
a look of contentment on your face.  I want to feel that, I want to
experience that, at least once.  I thought I could do that with you since
you know how gentle to be." Thom said.  His eyes searched my, looking for a
response, any kind of sign that he had reached me and that I had
understood.  What could I possibly say to this man; there was nothing I
could say.  I leaned foward, kissed him lightly on the lips, smiled and
said, "Then what are we waiting for?"  Thom grinned the biggest grin I've
ever seen and hopped, practically knocking me over.  "I'll get the lube,
you stay there, don't move!" Thom said, it was as if he was a kid on
Christmas Day and Santa had brought him everything he'd ever put on his
list.  I took another swig of Jack (good ole Jack!) and shucked my clothes.
Thom quickly returned, lube in hand and a raging hard on.  He was like a
little puppy, bouncing everywhere asking me what to do, where to lay, how
to do it.  Having just lost my own virginity, I didn't really feel like an
expert in this department.

I had Thom get on all fours, for starters.  This would allow me access to
his ass as well as his balls and I could reach around and stroke his dick.
Thom got in place and again, my cock twitched at the sight of his perfect
ass, a stream of pre-cum oozing out and slowly stretching to the ground.  I
went back to what I'd been doing, eating his ass out, only this time, I'd
alternate tongue fucking him with running my tongue from the bottom of his
ball sack, up his perineum, over his hole and on up to the top of his
asscrack.  Thom went wild, bucking on my tongue, grinding his hips from
side to side, moaning and panting.  "Oh fuck, Oh fuck, Oh God, here it
comes..."Thom screamed as he reared up.  I reared up with him and wrapped
my hands around his chest and started rubbing his nipples.  Thom groaned
and then bucked, his cock twitched and was so hard that it was flat against
his belly.  The first round of cum shot out, hitting Thom on his upper lip,
coating his moustache with his cum.  The second round shot, this one hit
his right nipple, I quickly ran my fingers over the cum and scooped it into
my own mouth.  The rest of his cum flowed out of his cock head, coating his
balls with his cum.  He was still panting when I gently nudged him back
into position.  I scooped the cum that was still on his balls up with my
right hand and proceeded to coat his ass hole with it.  Each time I'd nudge
a finger in, soon I was inserting my index finger while licking around his
hole and cleaning the rest of the cum off of his balls.  Once he'd gotten
used to one finger, I added another.  I could tell he was having a little
difficulty accepting the second finger so I stopped and let him get used to
the feeling.  Before long, his ass was literally sucking both fingers in.
Thom was, by now, grinding his ass on my fingers, panting and begging me to
fuck him.  I grabbed the bottle of lube and, even though he was probably
already more than well lubed, lubed up his ass.  I then put a generous
amount on my cock and placed the head of my dick at the entrance of his
hole.  Gently I nudged in, stopping to let him get used to the feeling.
Thom was still panting and groaning, I reached around to find that his dick
was rock hard again, flat against his stomach.  I nudged a little more in;
before I could do anything else, Thom's ass began clenching around my
cockhead, pulling me further into him.  I heard Thom take a sharp intake of
air and saw his face wince.  I stopped, however his ass had other ideas and
continued to pull me in.  I slid past his ring and Thom let out a howl of
pleasure as my cock sunk the rest of the way into his ass.  "I'm just going
to stay still for a few minutes baby.  Let you get used to it." I said.
Without saying a word, Thom reared up, pulled off me, tossed me to the
ground, flipping me over on my back, and sat on my cock so that his back
was facing me.  "Yeah, that's what I want.  I want your hard cock up in me,
I want to fuck myself on your pole until you shoot your load so far up my
ass I taste your cum for a week!" Thom screamed.  "Good thing no one is
around, they'd be getting a helluva show right now." I thought to myself as
Thom began to bounce up and down on my cock.  Thom was riding me so hard I
honestly thought he was going to knock us through the ground.  I grabbed
his hips in an attempt to try and slow him down some as he was getting me
very close to my own boiling point.  His ass was so silky tight, my cock
had never been anything that felt this good.  "Oh fuck yeah, ride my hard
cock Thom, take that cock up your ass, yeah, fuck my dick." I yelled back.
"Oh shit, Oh Fuck." Thom screamed, turning himself so that he was now
facing me, never missing a stroke or letting my cock fall out of his ass.
The piss lips on Thom's cock were puffed up, his cock pumping out so much
pre-cum that it was dripping off his fist and onto me stomach.  He
continued to fuck himself on my cock, panting, a wild glazed look in his
eyes.  He opened his mouth as though he was going to say something and let
out this long growl.  His cock started shooting again, the first shot
landing in my hair, the second spraying everywhere, coating me in his cum.
The rest flowed out of the end of his dick, much like lava flows out of a
tube, steady, streaming, running down his hand and balls, pooling at the
base of my dick.  The contractions of his ass on my cock triggered my own
release.  I bucked up into him, howled and started firing my cum into his
sweet tight ass.  "I can feel you cumming, oh God, you're shooting your cum
in my ass!" Thom yelled.  This triggered another mini-orgasm and his cock
released another river of cum.

Thom collapsed on top of me, smothering me with kisses.  His mouth found my
mouth and we continued to kiss, feeding one another our tongues, my hands
grabbing his ass cheeks and squeezing.  My cock was still rock hard and
buried in his ass, his own cock, even though he'd shot twice was still
steely hard.  We rolled over onto our sides, his cum running between the
two of us, sealing us together in our bliss.  Thom started moving his hips
again, my cum now acting as additional lubricant.  Our hands were
everywhere, touching, rubbing, pinching, feeling while we continued to
kiss, each one of us moaning.  I quickly reached my orgasm again.  I pulled
off of Thom's mouth long enough to tell him I was going to cum again, he
kissed me again, fucking my mouth with his tongue as my cock started to
shoot.  Thom moved off me right before I started cumming, my cock now
buried in the crack of his ass, my cum covering his crack and hole.  I soon
felt Thom's dick start shooting, coating our stomachs, adding to what was
already there.  We soon slowed down, we were both panting and sweating like
crazy.  Breathlessly, Thom looked at me and said, "That was the best ride
of my life!  God that felt so fucking good!"  I just laid there, looking in
his eyes, purring.  We soon dozed off, there on the blanket in front of the
fire, entwined, our legs wrapped around each other, Thom's gentle breathing
marking time for my dreams to soon begin.


Let me know what you think!  As always, your comments are greatly
appreciated!!

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Tue, 6 Nov 2007 23:27:18 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Finance Officer and Me - Military

This is based on a fantasy and a true story; of course names have been
changed.  Same disclaimer applies, if you're underage, don't read.  If
you're a military investigator on a witch hunt, what are you doing here?

I enlisted in the Army in the early 80's for various reasons.  Growing up
in the 70's in the rural Midwest had it's advantages and disadvantages,
growing up gay in the rural Midwest was not one of those advantages.  I had
not had a lot of gay experiences; they were limited to the typical teenage
male to male fooling around.  For me though, it was so much more than a
just a quick hand job or blow job.

I completed all of my training and was sent to an Army supply post in the
middle of nowhere, California.  The barracks were full so I was given
permission to live in the cheap townhomes just outside the gate.  This was
where the majority of the lower enlisted members and their families lived.
The townhomes were OK and for it being my first home away from my parents I
was in hog heaven, so to speak.  My job was admin and I worked in the
orderly room.  Part of my duties were to hand carry travel orders for those
members that were going on temporary duty orders.  One of the stops I had
to make was Finance.  Our finance office was staffed with civilians and
over the course of time, I got to know the finance officer (also a
civilian) and became very good friends with him.

Before I go on, let me describe myself as well as Thom, the Finance
Officer.  I was all of 18 at the time, brown hair, green eyes, and was 5
foot 7 and weighed a whopping 130.  Turn me sideways and I disappeared!
Thom was in his mid-40's, stood 5 foot 9, weighed 180.  Thom also had a
barrel chest, tapered waist, small muscular ass, large biceps, salt and
pepper black hair with moustache to match and the furriest chest I have
ever seen.  During the day he wore a shirt and tie, and with the exception
of his dress slacks outlining his beautiful skater's ass, his slacks gave
no hint of what his crotch looked like.

I was about six months into my assignment and horny as hell.  I know I must
have walked around base with a perpetucal hard on.  This was also during
the time when the Olive Green uniform could still be worn; the Battle Dress
Uniform (BDU) was just starting to be issued.  If you've ever seen old
photos of men in their "olive drabs", you know that on the right man, they
left nothing to the imagination and only served to accent all the right
areas.

On this particular day I had a stack of orders that I had to process.
Several of the soldiers were being sent to Rock Island Army Depot for an
exercise and as was par for the course, their Platoon Sergeant had waited
until the last minute to turn in the orders.  Thom always took care of the
orders for me when I arrived and on this day, it was no exception.  As he
was processing the orders, we started talking.  He soon asked if I was
doing anything tonight.  Since I didn't own a car and was stuck in the
middle of nowhere, I told him no.  He asked if I minded if he stopped by
for a little bit and asked me if I drank.  The drinking age in the military
was still 18 at that time and yes, I definitely drank.  He said he'd stop
by around 5:00 and he'd bring something to eat along with something to
drink.  It just happened to be Friday and we didn't work weekends so it was
perfect.  He finished my orders, said he'd see me tonight and off I went.
I left the finance office floating on cloud nine.  I'd had a crush on this
man since the day I arrived and now I was going to get to spend some off
duty time with him.  Of course my mind was going a hundred miles a minute
and of course I was hoping I would get laid.  Then reality came crashing
down around me, one I was only a 100 feet away from an active duty military
installation, two, he was divorced with two kids and at this point in my
life, divorced meant straight as an arrow and three, if I dared try
anything, he was big enough he could take me out with one fist.  But still,
hope springs eternal, right?

The day just dragged from that point forward.  Finally four o'clock rolled
around and I practically ran over my First Sergeant trying to get home.  Of
course, my First Sergeant was from the "old Army" and dropped me
immediately and had me knock out 50 push ups.  I was in great shape then,
so 50 push ups wasn't a problem.  Once that was done, he dismissed me and
off I went.  I ran home, unlocked and flew open the back door to the
townhouse and began stripping off my uniform as I bounded up the stairs to
shower and put on shorts and a T-shirt.

Five O'clock rolled around and as promised, there was a knock on my front
door.  I did a "range walk" (an very fast and funny looking walk that
military folks do when going to retrieve their target from the firing
range) to the front door, double checked myself, and opened the door and
casually as I could.  Thom was there, right on time, a bag of hamburgers
and fries in one hand, in the other a sack with Vodka, Vermouth and Olives.
I invited him in, grabbed the bag of burgers from him and led him to the
kitchen.  I didn't even pay attention to what he was wearing, I couldn't I
was too excited that he was there, that and I was trying very hard to hide
the full blown hardon that was raging in my shorts.

"Do you have any glasses?" Thom asked.  "Yeah, cabinet to the left of the
sink, second shelf." I said.  "Have you ever had a martini?" Thom asked.
"No" I replied, "mostly Jack and Coke and a Margarita here and there."
Thom began to mix the Martini's while I placed the burgers and fries on my
very best Tupperware china that I had bought from my neighbors (they were
moving oversees and had had a garage sale the weekend before).  Drinks in
hand, we went into the living room and sat down on my second hand sofa.  I
looked over at Thom to say something and it was then that I noticed what he
was wearing.  Thom had on a white polo shirt, unbuttoned revealing tufts of
chest hair (I love hairy chests!) and button up 501 blue jeans that
displayed a very prominent and promising bulge.  He had kicked off his
tennis shoes, and I noticed he was not wearing any socks.  The black fur
that covered his chest also covered the top of his feet.  Again, I was
having to readjust myself to hide the hardon, hoping and praying that I
wasn't leaking through my underwear and shorts.

"Do you like the martini's" Thom asked.  "Yeah, a little strong, takes some
getting used to, but yeah, they're good." I replied.  We finished eating in
silence and I got up taking our plates and putting them in the sink.  "How
about a refill?" I heard Thom ask from the living room.  "Sure," I replied,
already buzzed from the first one, "but I don't know how to make them."
"Here, let me show you." Thom said, as he entered the kitchen.  "They're
pretty easy to make, just pour some vodka in the glass, add a little splash
of Vermouth, an olive, and you have a Martini." Thom said.  "Aren't they
supposed to shaken, or stirred, or something like that?" I asked.  "Well
yes, but you don't exactly have a bar set up here, so we do what we can
with what we have." Thom said, reaching across me to hand me the martini I
had just made.  Thom handed me the martini and when I grabbed the glass,
our fingers connected, Thom lifting his and then placing them back on top
of mine.  They lingered there, longer than needed to make sure I had a
solid grip on the glass.  I was staring in his eyes, I know I had to
blushing as it was as hot as hell in the kitchen at that moment.  I also
noticed for the first time that he had the longest eyelashes I'd ever seen
on a man, the prettiest deep ocean blue eyes, and that they were also
twinkling.

I pulled away with my glass, sloshing some on his hand as I did.  I went to
reach for a paper towel to wipe his hand off and he looked right at me,
raised his hand to his mouth and began to slowly lick the spilled drink off
the back of his hand.  I stared at him, again blushing, my mouth watering,
heart pounding in my ears.  It was like watching him in slow motion, yet it
couldn't have been because the action was so quick that I wasn't too sure
he'd even licked his hand.  We then returned to the living room and began
to chat.  Thom had started telling me about his life, how he'd gotten a
girl pregnant when he was in college, they got married because that was the
right thing to do, stayed married for 10 years, then divorced.  They both
were miserable as they'd known the marriage was a mistake.  I would also
soon learn the other reason the marriage was a mistake.  I sat and
listened, imagining what it must have been like and how lucky his wife was
to sleep with him each night and to also feel him inside her.  As I said, I
had not had a lot of experiences, one of my longings was to feel what it
would be like to have a cock inside me.  To feel it moving in and out,
touching me in places I'd never been touched.

Half way through this conversation he realized that his martini was empty
and I had been nursing mine.  He stopped long enough to ask me if I liked
the martini or if I was just saying that to make him feel good.  "No" I
replied, "I really do like them, but it's pure Vodka and I have to tell
you, I've never drank straight alcohol before and I'm really feeling no
pain." I continued.  "Good, then another one is in order!" Thom said.  He
then reached over, grabbed my glass, and downed the rest of the martini.
"I'll go make us one more, it'll be the last one for the night, I promise."
Thom said as he crossed his heart.  "Well, just so you know, you're not
driving home tonight.  You can crash here." I offered.  Thom then looked at
me, pondered that thought for a moment and said, "Deal."

Thom soon returned with two fresh martini's and continued with his life
story right where he left off.  A few minutes later, he turned and said,
"Well, that's my boring life, so tell me something about yours."  "Well," I
started, "There isn't much to tell.  I grew up in the rural Midwest,
watched corn and soybeans grown for entertainment, hated high school,
graduated, joined the Army and here I am."  "Yes, here you are." Thom
replied.  For just a moment, a very brief moment, it looked as though he
was leaning towards me, as though he wanted to kiss me.  "But he couldn't
be", I thought to myself, "Look at him, men like him are not gay." I
continued to think.  The evening continued with more conversation and
before I knew it, it was midnight.  "Well, I think it's time we head for
bed." I said.  "Um, this couch isn't not at all comfortable to sleep on
anyway.  I have a king sized bed, so if you want, you can sleep with me." I
offered.  "OK, you don't snore do you?" Thom asked, followed by a wink and
a giggle.  "No asshole, I don't snore!" I quipped.  We grabbed our glasses,
polished off what was left of our martini's, took the glasses to the
kitchen and made our way upstairs.  "I gotta piss, I'll be right back."
Thom said as he walked into the bathroom, closing the door behind him.  I
went to the bedroom and pulled the sheets and comforter (a going away gift
from my parents) back.  I too had to piss but had to wait for the bathroom
to free up.  I heard the toilet flush and Thom opened the door.  "My turn!"
I said, running past him to get to the bathroom.  I did my business,
flushed, washed my hands and left to head back to the bedroom.

Thom was already in bed, sheets pulled up to chest, his arms across his
beautiful chest.  I turned the light off, stripped down to my underwear and
crawled into bed.  The moon was full and bright that night.  I had
temporarily placed a sheet over the window until I could buy some curtains.
The room was cast in the silvery night light of the moon.  It was a king
size bed, so I didn't have to worry about accidentally bumping into him
especially since I didn't know if I'd be able to behave myself or not.
Ultimate horny coupled with booze and well, you can just imagine how little
restraint I had.  The room was silent, save for our breathing.  I said
goodnight to Thom, rolled over on my side and tried to will my hard on
away.  I laid there for what seemed like an eternity, my cock so hard that
it was beginning to hurt.  I was precumming quite a bit as I could feel the
wetness in the front of my underwear.  I was trying so hard to keep from
rolling back over, ripping the sheet back and sucking his cock right there.

A few minutes after I had that thought, I felt Thom snuggle up to my back,
his arm draping over my waist.  I could also feel his hard cock pressing
into the crack of my ass.  "Oh God, please don't let me do something stupid
tonight." I thought.  Thom's hand slowly moved down to the front of my
shorts, his hand wrapping around my hard cock through the sheet and my
underwear.  "I think we need to take care of this, don't you?" Thom said in
my ear.  I rolled over, "Thom," I started, "I'd like nothing more than to
do this with you.  But are you sure?  I mean, you're straight, aren't you?"
I asked.  "If I were, would I be laying next to you, with my dick hard as a
rock, wanting to suck you off? Thom replied.  I didn't say anything else.
I looked into his eyes and reached up to kiss him.

We began kissing each other, our tongues fighting with one another, trying
to get down each other's throats.  I'd never been kissed like that and it
was electric, I began to shake from the passion and electricity that was
flowing between the two of us.  I moved my hand under the covers and
reached down to massage his cock through his underwear.  I was quite
surprised to find that he wasn't wearing any.  I groaned into his mouth as
I grabbed his throbbing dick.  His head was wet with his precum.  Thom
rolled over on top of me, continuing to kiss me, grinding his dick into my
dick.  I grabbed both cheeks of his ass and began massaging and sqeezing
them.  Thom groaned and I felt his cock twitch and more pre-cum dribbled
out and onto my cock.  Between his and mine, we were wet enough that our
cocks just slid over one another.  I pulled off his mouth, "Oh fuck" I
panted.  "Thom, I'm going to cum soon if we don't stop." I said.  "Good,
that's just what I want you to do." Thom replied, placing his mouth back
over mine, his hips grinding into me even faster.  We pulled our mouths
away from each other, I had already hit the point of no return.  I was
humping back into Thom, trying to get my dick to release it's load.  Thom
began to groan and his body began to shake, "Oh fuck, I'm going to shoot."
he yelled and in a few minutes jet after jet of his pent up load splattered
across my cock and stomach.  I let out a yell as my cock began to convulse
and release my pent up load, soaking his cock and stomach with my own cum.

Thom pulled off of me and moved down to lick his cum off my stomach.  Even
though I'd just shot a heavy load, I was still hard as a rock.  Thom
cleaned the cum off of me then moved up to my nipples, taking turns he
would lick around my nipple then gently suck the nipple into his mouth and
nip at them with his teeth.  I reach down between us and found that his
cock was also hard as a rock and I began to gently stroke him.  Thom
moaned, "Oh yeah, that feels good.  Stroke my cock." I reached further
between us and found his balls and began to gently caress each one.  I
loved the feel of Thom's cock in my hand; I could just get my fingers
around it.  He was about seven inches long but was very thick with a giant
mushroom head on top of his dick.  I would later tell him that his dick
reminded me of a bratwurst topped with a plum.

Thom finished with my nipples and began kissing my stomach, making his way
down to my cock.  He licked around my cock, cleaning the cum off of it,
taking the tip of his tongue and dipping into my piss slit and lapping up
the cum that continued to ooze out.  "Oh my God Thom!  Oh yeah, take my
cock, suck on it, oh fuck this feels so good." I moaned, bucking my hips
up, trying to get my aching cock into his mouth.  Thom then moved down to
my balls and began licking them and nipping the skin.  At the same time,
he'd rolled his index finger in my cum that was on his chest and was now
working his finger into my ass.  "Ayyyyeeee" I screamed, my asshole
clamping around his finger.  "You OK?" Thom asked.  "Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh
I've never felt that before." I said back, panting.  "You've never been
fucked?" Thom asked, stopping everything he was doing.  "No, I haven't, but
God I want you in me so bad.  It's all I've been thinking about." I said.
"What's the biggest thing you have had in your ass?" Thom asked, slowly
resuming his finger fucking.  "You're doing it now." I said, bucking my
hips, riding his finger as though I was a pro at it.  "OK, then we need to
take this good and slow.  You got any lube?" Thom asked.
"Mmmm..ohhh..nnnnnn..", I said as his finger began to go deeper in my ass,
"No, just hand lotion and some sun tan oil." I said, "Oh God Thom, You have
to fuck me, I need you in my ass NOW!" I cried.  "Shhh..OK, I will, but
I've got to get you opened up good.  Where's the hand lotion?" Thom asked.
I reached for the lotion I kept on the night stand for those times when I
wanted more than just a quick jerk and handed him the lotion.  "OK baby,
listen to me, I'm going to open you slowly but before I do, I need to get
you good and wet.  I want you to relax and trust me." Thom said, removing
his finger from my ass.

Thom then grabbed his pillow and placed it under my ass.  He then pushed my
legs back and started licking around my hole.  Slowly at first, then
speeding up until he was soon running his tongue up and down the lenght of
my ass crack.  I laid there, moaning, wrapped up in the sheer pleasure he
was giving me.  Thom then began licking my hole, each time pushing his
tongue further and further into my ass.  Before too long I was grinding and
bucking my hips, fucking myself on his delicious tongue.  I could feel the
pre-cum being to pool on my stomach, my cock was so hard I thought it was
going to break in two.  While he was still tongue fucking my hole, he
slowly began pushing a finger in.  I bucked even harder and was now
grinding my ass on his tongue and finger.  After a few minutes of that, he
removed his tongue replaced it with another finger.  I felt slight pain but
still kept bucking and grinding, eventually impaling my ass on both
fingers.  Soon I felt a third finger begin it's way up my ass.  The pain
was suddenly worse as he was trying to stretch my hole.  I winced and
stopped moving.  "You OK?" Thom asked.  "That hurts!" I said.  "Just relax,
I won't move, you start rotating your ass on my fingers when you're ready.
I've got to get you open some, otherwise you won't be able to ride my
cock." Thom reassured.  I slowly started rotating my ass around his
fingers, the pain began to subside, replaced with that wonderful sense of
pleasure I'd been feeling before.  It wasn't too long after that that I
began fucking myself on his fingers again, groaning and moaning and begging
to be fucked.  "OK, I think you're ready.  But we're going to do this a
little differently.  I'm going to lay on my back, I want you to straddle me
and slowly sit down on my cock." Thom said.  "But first, you need to get
your ass greased up and I need to get my cock greased up.  The more lube
the better it will feel." Thom continued.  He grabbed the lotion bottle and
sqeezed a good amount on my ass and began working it in me.  Once he was
satisfied with that, he rolled over onto his back and slicked up his dick
with the lotion.

I straddeled Thom, placing the head of his cock at the entrance to my ass.
Slowly I began to sink down on his dick.  The more his cockhead entered,
the more I was stretched.  I hit one point where I had to stop, the pain
was unbearable.  Thom kept reassuring me, telling me that it's OK, we have
all night and to take my time.  I leaned forward and began kissing him
while I continued to take more of him into me.  Suddenly his cockhead was
past my ring and my ass just started sucking his cock in until I had all of
him inside me and could feel his pubic hair brushing up against the cheeks
of my ass.  His cockhead slid over my prostate; causing the most intense
pleasure I've ever felt before that.  I moaned while still kissing him.  I
broke our kiss, sat back up and slowly started riding his cock.  "Oh God
baby, your ass is so tight.  I don't know how long I'm going to last!" Thom
said as he reached out to grab my throbbing cock.  I quickened my pace,
each time his cockhead passed over my prostate, a stream of pre-cum would
gurgle out of the tip of my dick.  Thom had sat up and was now licking the
tip of my cock while he jacked me.  I didn't know how long I was going to
last either, I was so close to cumming as it was, but I knew I didn't want
this to stop, not yet.  With the exception of the initial pain, this felt
better than I had ever dreamt it would.  I was, by now, slamming my hips
down on top of cock.  Screaming for him to fuck my virgin ass, to plow my
hot tight hole.  Thom was moaning and groaning, his hips shaking, I reached
back to play with his balls and they were tight against his skin.  I
reached further back, finding his hole.  He groaned and bucked into me as
soon as my finger touched his hole.  I rubbed my finger in my own pre-cum,
getting it good and wet and placed it back on his hole and began rubbing
around the lips of his ass.  He jerked and groaned again and I could feel
the head of his cock swell.  "Oh fuck, get ready, I'm going to fill your
ass with my cum!" Thom shouted.  My cock flexed once, then twice and I
began firing my own load, painting his chest with my cum.  Some splattering
on his lips.  My cumming caused my hole to flex around his cock, triggering
his own orgasm. Thom slammed his hips up into me, groaned and starting
firing his cum deep in my ass.  At the same time, his own hole sucked my
finger into him so while he was bucking and cumming in my ass, I was finger
fucking his ass, intensifying his own release.

We collapsed on top of one another, my cum binding our chests together.  We
laid there, panting as his dick softened and soon fell out of my ass.  We
started kissing again; he reaching down, grabbing his spent cock and
rubbing it around my hole, occasionally sticking the soft head in.  I soon
rolled off of his chest, satiated, spent and reveling in the fact that I'd
just lost my virginity.  Thom scooped me up into his arms, leaned over and
kissed me again.  "C'mon my spent soldier, let's get some sleep." Thom
whispered into my ear.  We rolled over together, his back to me, my arm
draped over his furry chest, my fingers tracing circles around his nipple.
Thom reached back behind us, grabbed my spent dick and placed it at the
opening of his ass.  I got hard immediately as he backed his ass onto my
cock, me entering him.  Thom shuddered as my dick slid into his ass.  He
soon had me deep inside of him, his ass muscles clenching around my cock,
milking me for more cum.  He'd had another orgasm as soon as I hit his
prostate and that was what I was feeling.  I reached down for his cock as
it was spurting it's third load.  I soon emptied my load into him.  I was
still inside him when we dozed off.

That night I had no dreams; only the pure feeling of being satiated.


Hope you enjoyed this as much as I did, especially reliving it.