Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 24 Apr 2021 13:53:06 +0000
From: J a skehan
Subject: ABS DC 3

ABS DC 3

Cajuncock

This is a tale of gay sex with consenting males. It is the sole property
of the author. If you enjoy the stories on the site please contribute to
keep it going. Comments welcomed- jaskejr@hotmail.com and thanks for all
the requests for more parts. Now, unzip and enjoy.

Here we were- the three military men and me. The 2 marines were down to
their military issued boxers. Chad was down to his boxer briefs. I still
had on my own boxer briefs and tee shirt. Drinks were refreshed- rum and
cokes by now. The cards were dealt and I have a good hand. The other
three stared at their cards. Chad spoke up "Guys, we're down to
underwear now. What say we make this interesting?" The two young marines
looked at each other before agreeing. Chad nodded to me and said "If he
wins, we're naked. But if one of us wins, let's go for double or
nothing and get him naked. We can then play one more hand for sexual
favors with his body. Any objections?" They looked at each other smiling
as they nodded their agreement. I winked at Chad.

The next hand saw my luck change. Chad laid down the winning hand. The 2
marines moaned at their loss but looked over at me smiling. I pretending
to be disappointed, stood to remove my final 2 items of clothing. My cock
was hard as I stood before the three of them. One of the marines asked
Chad "So what do we do with him now?" Chad motioned for me to kneel in
front of him. I obeyed as he said "Well, I don't know about you guys,
but I could use a good bit of mouth action on my cock." Both responded
"Yeah, sounds like a good deal to us. We've been stuck for 2 weeks on
base with a bunch of dumb jar heads. I guess our balls are fully loaded
and ready for some kind, any kind of action."

Chad motioned for the marines to get closer and pointed to a spot on the
floor between the three of them. I quickly moved to the spot. Chad was
the first to offer me his cock. I opened my mouth to take in his hard
cock. As I sucked, he pointed to my now naked ass and nodded to the
marines. They didn't need a second invitation. Both moved behind me
feeling my ass. I spread my cheeks with my hands as I sucked on Chad's
cock. The marines both spit on my now open hole and began to finger me. I
moaned at their touch. Chad laughed saying "I think he likes that. You
guys up for a tight hole to fuck?"  Both marines moaned as they each
pushed a finger into my hole.

Now I had Chad's large cock in my mouth and two marines fingering my
willing hole. I moaned and one of the marines asked Chad "Do you think
he can take a cock inside?" Chad laughed saying "I think that he might
even take two at the same time if we get him in the right mood. Check the
freezer, I bet he has some poppers in there." They jumped up and came
back with two small, brown bottles. Chad spoke up to tell them to take a
hit to see if the poppers were still good. They both opened the bottles
and inhaled the potent fumes. Chad grabbed one of the bottles and pushed
it under my nostrils telling me to inhale. I obeyed without hesitation.
The fumes hit the two marines at the same moment they hit me. One of the
marines said "Wow! That stuff is sure potent. I could fuck any hole all
night long." Chad called out "Well, what are you waiting for, grease
him up and fuck his hole?" The words had barely left Chad's mouth
before I felt the spongy head of a stiff marine cock probe at my hole. I
moaned and pushed back to get more of that jarhead's horny cock inside
me. The other marine said, "Move over so I can get in there too?" I
felt the second cock rub up against the first one as it moved into my
well stuffed hole. The first marine yelled out "Oh My GOD! It feels so
good to have your cock next to mine in his hole. I've wanted to feel
that cock for so long." Chad laughed, commenting "Yeah, jarheads do it
together. Share that hole and bond with each other. Give him your
loads." Both moaned their agreement.

Chad pulled out of my mouth. He walked behind the two marines who were
now enjoying bonding together in my body. He knelt, pulling the second
marine's ass cheeks apart, before going to town sucking at the hole. The
marine moaned "That feels so good in my ass. Don't ever stop eating my
shitter."  Little did they know that the long night of passion was just
beginning. Chad pulled away and spit on the now open hole. He asked
"Ready for your virgin marines ass to give up your cherry?" The marine
screamed "Yes, take my cherry ass, make me a true marine. OH! I need a
man to make me a good, obedient marine, sir."  Chad, never one to deny a
military man's wish, pushed his wet cock into the marine's offered
hole. This forced the first marine to move deeper inside my body. He
yelled "Take my marine cock you slut! Let me become a real man inside
you body?" I knew he was close, so I pulled away from his cock and
quickly spun him around to face his fellow marine. They began a
passionate kiss fighting for domination of each other's mouth. I wasted
no time, spitting on my stiff cock and ramming it into the exposed
marine's hole. He moaned into the kiss as he felt my inches shove into
his muscled ass. He pulled out of the kiss screaming "Please take this
marine's ass, make me hurt. I can take any pain you give me." I did
just that. I ravished that fine marine boy's pussy plunging deeper and
deeper. I knew that I hit his sweet spot when his interior muscles
clamped down on my cock. I felt them tightened as he shot his load onto
the floor. He pulled off my exploding cock and knelt to take the rest of
my load into his throat. At that same moment I heard Chad yell out "Take
my load jarhead. I'm making you a man, my bitch."

Chad and I fell apart and lay on the floor. The two marines were
contentedly nursing our cocks trying to get every bit of our cum into
their bodies. We four lay there for a while enjoying the after glow of
some great sex. We didn't bother to dress. Instead, Chad and I took our
two marines to shower. Later, over more drinks, we talked. It was the
first time for both of them. But each one had been eyeing the other for
weeks. I suggested that when we all had recovered the two marines would
make love to seal their bond as Chad and I did the same right next to
them. It was a sweet moment as the two young men professed their long,
restrained feelings for each other. Of course, they wanted to share
another sex session with us before heading back to their base.

Ok, for all of those who wanted another tale. Thanks for the encouraging
comments.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 15:17:00 +0000
From: J a skehan
Subject: abs  dc 2

ABS DC 2
cajuncock

This is a work of gay fiction from the imagination of the author. It is
his sole property and may not be reused without his written pemission. If
you enjoy the stories on this site please consider an ongoing
contribution to keep the site going- nifty.org/donate. Comments welcomed:
jaskejr@hotmail.com

ABS DC 2
cajuncock

"Please" was all I could say to that request. Here I was naked, a single
gay man, 32 years old in a new city with a young, 24 year old naked
muscled sailor asking me if he could make love to me. Chad leaned over my
body, arms holding himself up on each side of my chest. His clear blue
eyes filled with lust but also another kind of need. He leaned over to
kiss my eager lips. I surrendered to the kiss as it became more and more
passionate. We fell against each other, rolling to our sides not letting
the kiss break. His hand held the back of my head, not wanting our kiss
to end. The other hand moved down my back to the top of my ass. He rubbed
and grabbed at my ass cheeks in a desparate need to own me, to make love
to my willing body.
   It was not like the first time, a time of sexual need. This was a
different type of feeling. He wanted to express a feeling long denied
him. Maybe it was a feeling that he's denied himself. I was no virgin but
seldom had I found this type of need in the men I'd been with in the
past. We broke our kiss as I now breathless said "You'll have to be slow.
It's been a while since I've had a man inside me. You're bigger than most
also." I refrained from using the "L" word since we'd only met recently.
He was larger than men I'd been with before. His thick 8 inches would
surely stretch me. He smiled down at me giggling "I bet you say that to
them all." I grabbed his thickness now lubed with his pre. I whispered
"No, it's been many months since anyone has been inside me." He reached
between my legs for my pucker saying "I intend to open you properly and
make love to you with all of my passion. I want this to be the first of
many times." He did just that. It was slow, tender sex. He'd bring us
both to the edge then stop. By the fifth time he did this I was begging
for him to fill me. He whispered "But you can't cum because I want to
feel you shot that big cock inside me. I want to carry some of you in my
body daily as I work on the base. I think that having your load buried
deep inside me will make me want you more and more."  Those words proved
to be true. He plowed me for a good twenty minutes before unloading in my
bowels.
   Quickly. I turned him on his back and rammed my hard cock into his
ass. I used spit for lube, not wasting any time to grab the lube bottle
next to the bed. He moaned as I pushed in until my hips met his own. He
wrapped his legs around my hips locking me inside his hot, tight ass. I
reached behind to my dripping ass and smeared my fingers with his cum
that dripped from my hole. I smeared my fingers across his mouth and said
"Now you can taste my ass and your cum as I fuck you harder." He moaned
and licked the combined juices from his lips. His hand pulled me into a
deep kiss as we shared the sweet sour tastes. This only made me want to
fuck him harder to be part of him. His feet pressed me deep into his
body. I grabbed his head as I fucked him harder, faster than ever. I felt
my own climax quickly approaching and yelled "I'm going to fill you Chad!
Give you everything you want!" Just as the words left my mouth I felt my
cock pulse as my load forced its way deep into his guts pouring my load
into his welcoming ass. It seemed to go on forever. Finally, exhausted
and spent I fell over next to him. He huged me to his chest. I lay my
head on his muscled chest and felt the world was far away from us.
   Finally, he spoke "I'm the luckiest guy alive to have met you. I hear
the other guys brag about all the women they've fucked. But none of that
compares to what we just did. I don't ever want to lose you."I leaned up
on one elbow saying "Well, you know where I am. I can't promise happy
tomorrows only this night. I bet if they knew what we have all those
other guys would want to share in it." Chad pulled up abruptly and looked
me in the face with a concerned expression saying "You mean that you
would fuck with other men, other military men?" I laughed saying "You
know that I've had other men in my bed before? I must admit none of them
could match your stamina."  He pulled me tight to his chest and said "OK,
I know that I'm not your first and yes,   I see naked guys in the showers
in the barracks. Sometimes I wonder if they're any good in bed too. But I
wouldn't do it with guys I knew.  I have seen some of the Marine guards
I'd like to try out." I remained silent thinking about his words. "Well
," I began "I bet some of them would be game for  a good time." He held
me tighter and whispered "I'd only do it if you were there. I wouldn't
want to go behind your back, to hide it."
    We made love twice more before he had to go back for the midnight
checkin. The thought of Chad, a hunky Marine and I together kept coming
back into my head. I didn't go back to the ABS or any of the gay bars all
week. Late Thursday Chad called me. We chatted for a while before he
asked "Have you been out?" I said "Nope, too busy at work and besides
it's no fun without you." He breathed a sigh of relief and said "I've
heard from some of the other sailors that there are a few bars where the
Marines hang out. Maybe we can hit one or two of them this Friday? If you
want. We'll have to be cool but I play a good game of pool and we might
meet a few jar heads." I pretended to think about it before agreeing. We
made plans to have dinner out before hitting the Marine bars on Friday.
   Friday. after work I rushed home only to find Chad waiting at my door.
He was talking to my gay landlord when I walked up. My landlord smiled at
me saying "I see you found a new friend." I nodded at the comment. Chad
grabbed me around the waist and pulled me down the few steps to my
basement apartment. I guess now the entire neighborhood would know that I
had a sort of boyfriend. As soon as the door closed Chad began undressing
me. I wasn't far behind in removing his few items of clothing,  Not
wanting to waste time he lay me on the floor, opened my legs and began
fingerng my hole. He reached into the drawer of the coffee table and
pulled out the lube along with the poppers. We each took a hit and he
moved my legs to his shoulders as he positioned the slicked head of his
cock at my entrance. He leaned in to kiss me and then said "I want to
claim your ass before we go out just in case some horny Marine goes after
you." That he did over twice within 30 minutes. I'd forgotten that he
hadn't had sex for almost a week. His balls must have been bursting with
cum. He intended to mark me as his own before some Marine decided to try
anything.
   We rested for a bit before showering and dressing. Chad had been
leaving some cloths at my place for a few weeks in cas
e he came over directly from work. If he was off for the weekend he's do
laundry for the both of us. Dressed in jeans and sweat shirts we left for
dinner at a steak house in the burbs. After dinner we drove to a bar not
far from a marine base just outside of town. It was crowded with young
Marines, mostly drinking and watching sports reruns on the TVs over the
bar. We ordered two beers and walked back to the pool table. No one was
playing so we dropped 2 quarters on the edge and another in the slot. I
broke and we settled into a friendly game. Soon some of the young guys
gathered around watching us. I had to admit that both Chad and I were
pretty good. One of the maines asked if we'd like to play doubles with
him and his buddy? We said sure. Well, this led to others joining as
spectators. Names were exchanged and more games were played. We'd been
there about two hours when we decided to abandon the table and the four
of us went to a booth in the back of the bar to drink. It was about our
fifth beer when Chad suggested that we might save some money by buying a
case of beer and going back to my place to drink. One of the marines
agreed as long as we could play cards too.
   Leaving the bar, the marines stopped at a local store coming out with
two cases of beer and a bottle of bourbon. They followed me in their car
and we parked not too far from my apartment. After we entered I pulled
out the cards and asked ":So what are we playing?" The two young guys
piped up "Strip Poker!" I replied "Fine with me, but we need to start off
equal. The both of us are overdressed compared to you two.." So Chad and
I took off our jackets and shoes. About four hands later we were all down
to our underwear. The young marines showing sizable bulges in their
military issued boxers. Chad and I were down to our boxer briefs. We'd
switched from beer to bourdon and cokes. I'd also bought out a bottle of
rum. Another hand which I won saw my three companions shirtless having
lost their tee shirts. The air was hot with tension, a bit sexual too.
Chad was showing a hardon in his briefs. The two boys also displayed good
sized cocks.
------------------------------------------------------------------
I hope you enjoyed this part, I bet you want to know who wins!

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 16 Feb 2020 22:21:35 +0000
From: J a skehan
Subject: ABS DC

ABS DC

If you've gotten  this far you know the drill. This is a work of gay
fiction. It bears no resemblance to real people, places, or events. If that
offends you please leave. It is the sole property of the author and may not
be reused or reprinted without his written permission. If you enjoy the
stories on this site please contribute : nifty.org/donate. Now sit back,
unzip, and enjoy


ABS DC
cajuncock

Adult book stores (ABS) are mainly located in urban inner city
neighborhoods or near a large military base. The latter are prime hunting
grounds for horny gay men and equally horny mlitary men on the DL. In an
area near where I formerly lived there were a number of such
establishments. The urban ABS was close to a naval base and a Marine
base. It was built into an old 19th century theater. Downstairs was the
standard store with magazines, and various bits of sex toys. To the side of
the store was a discreet booth for purchasing movie tickets. They had
popular, if somewhat dated movies in the main screen and another, smaller
place for adult films. The smaller theater was actually built from the
balcony of the original theater. The sloped seating allowed the customers
some privacy from those who might mistakenly end up there. The films were
mostly hard, straight porn attracting horny military guys. The sound system
was loud enough to cover the moaning and sounds of slurping as sex went on
in the seats. On any given night one could find Marines and sailors, legs
spread open, jeans unzipped waiting to be serviced.

  I'd heard of the theater by word of mouth from some gay neighbors during
one of our frequent dinner parties. I'd just moved in the area for work a
few months before. It was a developing area, gentrified by the usual gays
who wanted to set down roots. My job had provided a generous moving
allowance so I rented a basement apartment. My neighbor upstairs, and also
my landlord, was an obvious queen but a caring person who made sure that I
had everything I needed. He also was sort of the block organizer. Soon I
was invited to BBQs, cocktail hours, and potluck dinners. I'd never made
any secret about being gay but did maintain a low profile. Being new to
town I only knew of one or two gay bars.

  My new neighbors soon filled me in on all of the local gay gossip. They
seemed to all have gay plumbers, gay electricians, and gay handimen. They
also knew of the best places to eat and to meet guys. That's how I ended up
in the ABS. I'd been warned off the place as being a bit "rough", just my
style. On my first visit I stocked up on lube, DVDs, and gay mags. It was
not subtle. The guy working the register got the message. He stuck a copy
of the local gay paper in my bag. On the second visit as I looked over the
rack of gay paperbacks one of the staff asked it I'd visited the movie
house next door. He proceeded to fill me in on their main customer base-
horny military and equally horny gay men. I thanked him, brought some lube
packets and rubbers. and made a beeline for the theater. At the ticket
booth I asked for a ticket for theater B. The young man working winked at
me and handed me a stub for "B". He nodded to the green door on the side
and said "Upstairs! Enjoy!"

  When my eyes adjusted to the darkened theater I notice about a dozen
obviouly military young men and about 15 civilians sitting nearby. I walked
up to the top, back row seats and found a seat about 2 in from the end. The
film was the standard pussy and big dick porn. Not interested in that I
scanned the audience. One of the military guys moved back to my row.  The
guy was staring over at me so I began rubbing my crotch, he was bold. He
unzipped his jeans and pulled out a nice sized cock, slowly jerking it. I
followed his lead pulling out my now stiff 9 inches. I looked over to see
him smiling, licking his lips. I knew that I'd hooked him. I took a hit
from the poppers to signal that I was there to play. He buckled his pants,
leaving his now hard cock out and moved to the seat next to me. He was
tall, over 6 feet, muscled, and with a blond crewcut. We didn't need words
at this point as he massaged my stiffness. I gave him a hit of the poppers.
He bent over and swallowed all of my inches at one time. This guy didn't
seem to have a gag reflex.

   I let him suck for a while. But I knew that I had other plans for his
hard, muscled body. He came up for air and I took the opportunity to grab
his stiff cock. He moaned and fell back into the seat. I guessed that it
might have been a while since he'd been touched by another man. I worked
his cock to a near climax. I let go of his tool and leaned in to whisper
"Let's go to get a drink and maybe go back to my place?" He nodded, leaning
over to kiss my neck. We both dressed again and separately left the
theater, meeting outside. I pointed to a familiar bar at the end of the
block. We went in, ordered beers, and found a quiet corner to talk. Boy, he
was a talkative one. Soon I knew his whole life story. I filled him in on
the bare bones of my life before suggesting to split for my place, only a
few blocks away.

   Once inside we wasted no time in stripping each other of every stitch of
clothing. He was a horny young man and we were soon exploring every inch of
each other's body. Being versitile we proceeded to every known sexual
position. The boy's stamina was boundless. His own 9 inches were thick. He
must've cum 6 times over the next two hours. I was exhausted and very
satisfied. We slept for about an hour before starting over, slowly this
time. Finally, sexually exhausted I suggested that I fix us some food. Over
steaks and eggs, we talked some more. He asked if he might see me again? I
agreed that we might want to meet some place other than the ABS or movie
house. I told him of my schedule and gave him my cell number telling him to
let me know when he was available again. At last we exchanged names. His
was Chad and I gave him my middle name, Edward. It was near dawn when he
left my place. He had to be back for roll call at 7AM. Our parting kiss was
filled with passion that promised more.

    It was a few days later, early evening when my cell rang. It was
Chad. It sounded like he was calling from a phone booth. In a near whisper
he began "Ed, are you busy?" he asked. I replied "No." He continued "Can we
meet for a drink or something at that same place?" I said "Sure say in
about half an hour?" He agreed. I quickly showered, but a bottle of Vodka
in the freezer, made sure all of the needed supplies were out and went to
meet him. He was sitting in the corner of the bar nursing a drink. "Hi " I
said and sat down. He looked up, almost with tears, saying "I thought that
you might not show up." Laughing I said "Why not? We had a good time or at
least I did." He polished off his drink asking "Can we go back to your
place?" I stood and walked out with him following. On the way he explained
that he had to be back on base by midnight. I understood and told him so.

   Once in the door I offered him a Screwdiver which he accepted. Over our
drinks he began "I really enjoyed being with you and hoped I'd see you
again." I nodded that I understood and told him that I found him exciting
and very stimulating in bed. "Good" he said as he leaned over to kiss
me. It was not a tender kiss. It was filled with passionate need. I stood,
pulling him up and into my bedoom. He whispered as we undressed "I don't
want to just fuck, I want to make love to you and have you make love to
me." I pulled our naked bodies together, our stiff, leaking cocks pressed
against each other. I fell back on the bed with him on top of me. He kissed
my neck and ear saying "Can I make love to you in the right way this time?"
I replied "Please!"