INCIDENT ON POLK STREET (Chapter 1)

INCIDENT ON POLK STREET Copyright ©
2005 by Jerry Leckie —
A young
sailor, a gay virgin on shore leave, looks for male companionship on
San Francisco's
infamous Polk Street. He finds what he is looking for -- and more. He
returns to his ship, a changed man, vowing to return for what he has
found, if it's still there.
You may download my
writing for your own reading pleasure; however, you may
not place my
writing on a website or reproduce stories for distribution without my
permission.
INCIDENT ON POLK STREET
CHAPTER THREE - BUDDY'S STORY
Having
undergone repairs at Mare Island Naval Shipyard, Buddy's boat, the
USS Los Angeles,
a Los Angeles class missile sub, sailed at mid-morning, bound for Pearl
Harbor to provision before being deployed to the Far East.
Buddy was grateful to be immersed in the
orderly routine of shipboard life, or he would have likely fallen into
depression. Having no frame of reference for what he was feeling, he
only knew that
he had found that state of consciousness--and its physical
expression--that he had craved all his life. And now that he had
experienced it, but briefly, it was denied him once more.
Unfortunately, it was denied to him before he had defined and
incorporated its meaning into his soul. He felt incomplete.
Of course, all of his feelings were bound up in the image of Jerry.
That
subject was constantly before his mental gaze. Jerry, Jerome Aiken II.
And, the worst part, on shipboard there was no one he could talk to
about it, because of the
US military rule of
Don't Ask, Don't
Tell
.
Under the rule, the military authorities would not ask if a member was
gay, and
likewise, the member could not tell (or indicate in any way) that he
was gay. In other words, a gay man could serve in the military as long
as he didn't act on his basic nature.
What a SNAFU!
(Situation
Normal, All Fucked Up) Buddy thought as he sat in the mess (dining
room) sipping coffee.
Yeah, there's
no one to talk to. I can't even call Jerry.
He chuckled and
shook his head.
Even if I could call
him, I don't have his fucking phone number.
"What's so funny my man?" a cheerful voice asked as his shipmate, Jeff,
plopped down beside him.
Buddy smiled at his friend. "I was just thinking about some of the
stupid, boneheaded things I do sometime."
"You can't help it Bud. You're a Swabby." Jeff laughed. "Doesn't the
Chief tell us how stupid we are all the time?"
Buddy chuckled. "That he does."
"Well, he's the Chief and we're the Swabbies, so we have to believe
him, don't we?" He roared with laughter.
Buddy was grateful for Jeff's cheerful nature. He enjoyed the company
of most of his shipmates, and Jeff in particular. Jeff slept in the
next
bunk and kept him in stitches with his funny comments and
stories. They worked in different parts of the sub, but they conversed
most days during off-duty hours.
On more than one occasion, he had wondered whether Jeff was gay. The
boy was only a year younger than Buddy,
but looked to be about fifteen. He was small, with a delicate build,
and his blond hair and fair complexion did nothing to make him appear
his true age. Furthermore, he did not chatter constantly about his
female conquests as did most of the other men.
Every night as Buddy lay in his bunk, masturbating under the sheet, he
heard Jeff and many other shipmates doing the same thing. He mused that
it didn't make any difference whether one was fantasizing about men or
women, everyone dreams. And, he always dreamed about Jerry.
Five days later, the sub docked at Pearl Harbor, and the crew was
given twenty-four hours liberty while the boat was provisioned. Early
afternoon found Buddy and Jeff drinking beer at a pub.
"Earth to Buddy," Jeff said, waving his hand in front of his shipmate's
face. "Has one beer done you in?"
Buddy smiled at the boy. "Naw, I was just thinking."
"You been doin' a lot of that lately. Ever since we left San Francisco."
"Yeah." Buddy sighed. "Jeff, lemme ask you a question. How do you know
if you're in love?"
Jeff rested his chin in his hand. "Beats the hell outta me. As far as I
know, I've never been." He looked critically at his friend. "Yep,
something happened in S. F. didn't it?"
Buddy grinned. "Could be."
Jeff asked casually,
"Does
it have anything to do with that red sports car?"
Buddy's stomach clinched and his blood froze. He frantically tried to
retain his composure. "What red sports
car?"
Jeff laughed. "Don't bullshit me. Monday morning I was commin' outta
the BX when this red sports car
pulls up outside the gate. Jesus, it was like a fuckin' neon sign. Ya
couldn't miss it." He paused and smiled evilly. "And who do I see
getting out of it, but my old buddy Bud. I was wondering what happened
to you when you didn't get back on the bus with us." He leaned in
conspiratorially. "I ain't asking for no details, but
something happened last weekend, didn't it?"
Buddy's heart was pounding, but he managed to smile and say, "Yeah, it
did. But, no details. I don't kiss and tell."
Jeff chortled. "Ooooo, somebody's got it bad." Then, he suddenly
sobered and laid a hand on his friend's arm. "But, you can't do
anything about it, can you?"
"No, I can't," Buddy said, shaking his head sadly, "and it's tearing me
up."
The next morning, the
Los Angeles
put to sea, bound for points east. Eleven weeks out, near the Marshall
Islands, her air filtration system malfunctioned again. She surfaced
and radioed her condition. Pacific Command decreed that she make for
Mare Island once more by the most direct
route. Unfortunately, she wouldn't be making fast knots, needing to
travel on
the surface most of the time.
The long voyage of many weeks was not a pleasant one for the crew. They
were in the middle
of the Pacific Ocean, overdue for liberty and subsisting on short
rations. Consequently, everyone became obsessed with three things: sex,
food and how long it would be before they could have enough of both to
satisfy them.
The crew's surliness turned to unmitigated joy when the sub docked
at Pearl Harbor to provision. The Capitan granted forty-eight hours
liberty and the Swabbies stormed ashore.
Buddy predicted that there would be a lot of full bellies and sore
dicks when the
Los Angeles
sailed again. In one respect, he understood how they felt. Now that
he had tasted the "forbidden fruit," he understood that masturbation
was not enough. He needed to be well-bedded. Therefore, he vowed to
find some intimate male
companionship while in port.
The first night, he gave Jeff the slip and traveled into
Honolulu alone. It didn't take him long to find a gay bar; but, he sat
for
hours, fending off admirers. Every time a man approached him, he looked
up from his beer expecting to see Jerry's face. After four hours, he
returned to the ship, thoroughly frustrated.
The next night, he set out for Honolulu again, full of resolve, and
found himself at the same bar. He had just taken a sip of his first
beer when he heard, "Thought I would find you here."
He whirled around and demanded, "What are you doing here Jeff?"
Jeff smiled shyly. "Having a beer."
Buddy snorted derisively and studied the label on his beer can. "How
did you find me?"
"Followed you," Jeff admitted, paying for his beer and taking a sip.
"Why?" Buddy asked, feeling both irritated and elated.
"I was curious," Jeff admitted. "One, you've been acting strangely
since the incident of the red sports car. Two, you talk in your sleep,
about someone named Jerry, and fucking. And three, you've never talked
about all the
girls you've had. So, I added it all up and it came up with 'gay.'" He
took a deliberate swallow of his beer.
Buddy
stared directly into Jeff's eyes. "So, you've got it all figured out,
huh? What are you going to do with your brilliant deduction?"
Jeff gave him a cockeyed smile. "Nothing. I'm just here having a beer
with you."
Buddy decided he could play the game as well. "I've been curious about
you
too. For example, you never talk about the girls you've been with
either."
Jeff gave forth a hearty laugh. "Would it do any good? Look at me. I
look like I'm fucking fourteen years old. Would
the guys believe me if I went bragging about how many girls I fucked on
liberty?"
Buddy raked Jeff's body with his eyes and found him
desirable. And that frustrated him. He scowled, weary of the verbal
sparring and looked at the boy squarely. "Bullshit aside Jeff,"
he said with a slight threat in his voice. "Why are you here? What do
you want from me?"
Jeff blushed, dropping his eyes, unable to look at the man. "I like you
a lot Bud.
We've never talked about what we enjoy, but I thought you and me might
enjoy being with each other tonight, ya know?"
Buddy's tone softened a bit. "What do you have in mind?"
"How about we find ourselves a hotel room?" Jeff suggested, with a
pleading look.
Buddy
was in a high state of need, to be loved and well-bedded. And
Jeff was available. Both nervous and shy, Buddy's heart
fluttered with anticipation, and his penis twitched in his briefs.
"Okay."
Silently, they exited the bar and headed down the thoroughfare. At the
next corner, Jeff named a cheap hotel nearby and they turned down a
side street. Buddy took the boy's hand as they walked along. Two blocks
later, Jeff stopped and led Buddy into an alley. Turning, he looked up
at his friend with large, soulful eyes. His lower lip trembled and his
face held the most vulnerable expression Buddy had ever seen. His heart
melted, and he took the boy/man into a tender kiss.
Before the kiss was broken, he felt a hand on the back of his neck. "We
were right about you." Buddy turned to see the two towering
figures of his shipmates, Phil and Tank.
Nodding in the direction of the street, Tank said to Jeff, "You did
your part. Get lost. We'll take it from here." The boy turned and
ran out of sight.
Heart pounding, Buddy asked, "Whaddya want Tank?"
The big man smiled down at him. "We want a cocksucker on the boat for
those lonely nights at
sea." Tank unzipped his pants while Phil pushed Buddy to his knees.
"And right
now, you're gonna give us an audition for the part," he said hauling
his fat cock out of his fly, waiving it in Buddy's face. "Come on, suck
it for me," he said seductively.
With an indignant expression, Buddy looked up at Tank and spat, "I'm
not gonna suck your dick or Phil's either. Now let me go!"
"Aw come on Bud, you're gay. You know you want to suck it."
Buddy glared up at the huge man. "I said no Tank. And that's it!"
At a signal from Tank, Phil pinned Buddy's arms behind him, and Tank
growled, "You don't have a choice asshole. This is a
command performance." He grabbed a handful of Buddy's hair and thrust
his hips forward.
Buddy turned his head. "No!" he screamed.
Tank's face grew red. "I'm not standing out here in an alley with my
dick out for my health, cocksucker. This is yer last warning. Suck my
dick!"
Buddy struggled valiantly to free
himself. Tank became more furious by the second.
He pressed his thumb into Buddy's jaw, forcing his mouth open and tried
to shove his cock inside. In the struggle, Buddy bit the thumb.
With a howl of pain, Tank swung his fist at the right side of Buddy's
head. "Suck it!" he yelled.
"No!" Buddy said, tasting blood from his split lip. Tank rained blows
on his head and shoulders while Phil kneed him fiercely in the kidneys.
"Now suck it!" Tank commanded.
"No," Buddy said weakly. He felt a fist crash against the side of his
head, then nothing at all.
He woke to see a face staring down at him, and struggled in vain to
raise
his arms to defend himself.
"Easy son, you have an IV in your arm."
Buddy tried unsuccessfully to speak. "You're safe. I'm Doctor Kimball,
and you're in the base hospital." He smiled ruefully. "Don't try to
talk. You're mouth isn't up to it at the moment." He
fiddled with the IV and continued, "I'm giving you something to make
you sleep, so you'll get some much needed rest."
When Buddy woke again, he felt much better. Kimball was standing at the
foot of the bed flipping through a chart. He heard the boy stir and
smiled down at him. "Ah, you're back with us."
Buddy tried to speak, but his mouth was too dry. Kimball extended a
glass, allowing him a sip of water through a straw. "What's the matter
with me?" he croaked.
Kimball crossed his arms in front of him. "Looks like you got mugged
pretty bad. By more than one person I'd say from the look of your
wounds." Buddy nodded. "You have multiple bruises on your face and
back, a split lip, the biggest black eye I've seen in a long time, and
a cut on your cheek that took eighteen stitches to close. The good news
is, you don't have a concussion or any loose teeth. We're going to run
some tests to see whether you have
kidney damage from the blows to your back." He grinned. "All in all,
it appears you lucked out. You're young and healthy, so you'll be out
of here in
no time. The twofold problem you have now is to try to heal and ingest
the
terrible food we'll serve you at the same time."
Buddy laughed in spite of the pain. "When can I go back to duty?"
Kimball shook his head. "Not for a few days. Not until we run some
tests."
There was a soft knock at the door and a Navy Shore Patrol officer
stepped into the room. "May I speak to Mr. Watkins doctor?"
Buddy had screwed up his courage for this interview, and now it was
here. The officer sat next to his bed and produced a note pad and pen.
"Do you know what happened to you night before last Mr. Watkins?"
Buddy replied, "The doctor said I was mugged."
"Yes. Our patrol found you and brought you to the emergency room here.
How many assailants were there?"
"I saw two."
"Can you describe them?"
"It was dark; however, I could tell they were Anglo and wore civilian
clothes."
The officer sighed. "Well, that's that. There's no
way to tell whether they were civilian or military." One corner of his
mouth twitched into a smile as he put away the pad and pen. "If it
makes you feel any better, you weren't the only one that found trouble
that night. We go through this every time a ship docks after a
long stretch at sea." As he turned to leave, he said, "Oh, by the way,
the
Los Angeles
sails
tomorrow morning."
"Without me?" Buddy asked, wide-eyed.
"Yes. They'll put a temporary radio man on board in your place." He
looked around the room. "You'll get out of here in a few days, then you
can hop a transport to the mainland to catch up with your boat."
After the interview, Buddy felt both blessed and damned. Blessed
because he did not have to name Phil, Tank and Jeff. That would have
required an explanation for the beating. At the same time, he felt
damned because he would be locked in the submarine with them during his
next cruise. He didn't know how he would react, or how they would react
for that matter. In any event, he did not look forward to the
experience.
He was dozing after the evening meal when he felt a presence in the
darkened room. He turned his head to see a form seated beside the bed
sobbing.
Jeff raised his tear stained face and blubbered, "I'm so sorry Bud. I
didn't know they would beat you up."
Buddy turned away. "What are you doing here?"
"I just had to see you before we sailed, to tell you how sorry I was."
Buddy said through clenched teeth,
"You set me up, you son-of-a-bitch."
Jeff pleaded, "They made me do it Bud. I had no choice."
"Whaddya mean?"
"They've got a lot on me that I don't want to get out. So, I had to
help them." At
Buddy's questioning look, he continued, blushing furiously. "Well, I'm
their
pussy boy when we're at sea. They fuck me."
Buddy grimaced. "Why do you go along with them?"
"It
would be my word against the two of theirs. But even if I could get
someone to believe me, I wouldn't say anything. My grandfather is an
Admiral
and my dad is captain of a sub and my brother is an officer on a
carrier. All hell would break loose if it got out that I'm gay."
Buddy's anger cooled. Apparently, the boy was trapped in an untenable
situation. "Why did they target me?"
Jeff barked a mirthless laugh. "They got greedy. They wanted a suck boy
as well as a fuck boy. They knew we were friends, so they threatened me
until I admitted that you might be gay." He burst into deep
wracking sobs. "W-wh-what made it so bad was that I really care for
you. The kiss you gave me that night was the signal to them that you
were gay. But, I wanted that kiss from you more than anything." Buddy
stroked the boy's hair. Jeff looked up through bloodshot eyes. "I had
no idea they would beat you up. I hope you didn't suck 'em."
Buddy shook his head. "Good." Buddy smiled and so did Jeff.
Then, the boy turned serious once more. "They're going to blow the
whistle on
you, ya know. They can't risk having the both of us rat on them."
Buddy considered the statement. Strangely, he realized, it was the
perfect solution. He felt as if a heavy weight had been lifted from
him. "If they do, they will be doing me a favor. But, what will happen
to you?"
Jeff grinned wickedly. "Oh, I don't think they'll want any of my
ass for a while. Tonight I told 'em I was going to the hospital for a
checkup because my backside
wasn't feeling too good, and while I was there I was gonna have an AIDS
test. They both got white as ghosts when I said that." He
giggled. "Wish I had thought of that six months ago."
Five days later, Jeff's prediction came true. The day Buddy was
released from the hospital, he was commanded to stand forth and was
separated from the Navy.
As
the bright Hawaiian sun made its way toward the zenith, he stood
outside the gate to Pearl Harbor with mixed feelings. Glancing down at
the one bag holding all his worldly belongings, he smiled in spite of
his sense of confusion. He was pleased to be a civilian again, free to
live a life true to his nature. But, sad that he didn't know where or
how to start living. He refused go home in disgrace--from the
perspective of his friends and relatives--, and he would not lie to
them about
his discharge from the Navy. The thought uppermost in his mind, of
course, was Jerry. It had been months since their weekend together. He
wondered if Jerry even remembered him.
He had to find out, so he hailed
a taxi for the Honolulu airport.
The flight from Hawaii landed in San Francisco at six o'clock Saturday
morning. He took a shuttle into the city and made his way up Powell
Street. He didn't remember the house number, but he remembered the
building and that Jerry lived on the third floor. It was shortly after
7:00 a.m. when he approached the entrance and studied the intercom
system. He pressed the button for the third floor and waited.
A tired, sleepy voice crackled from the speaker, "Yeah?"
Buddy bent forward and spoke into the microphone. "Jerry?"
"Naw, this is Tom. Jerry isn't here."
Buddy's heart squeezed. He quickly apologized for bothering the
individual and walked away in a
daze.
He walked aimlessly for hours until his stomach protested with
hunger pangs he could not ignore. When he found
himself on Polk Street,
he chuckled at the irony.
He checked into the first hotel he saw and ate
a hasty meal at a nearby cafe. Back in the room, he lay down for an
hour, but was too restless to sleep. He showered, changed clothes and
caught a cab to the Castro District, thinking he would feel less
frustrated among "his own kind."
An hour later, he had just walked out of a fashionable saloon, when
recollection registered in his confused brain. He stopped and turned to
find the
man he had just passed staring at him as well. The beginnings of a
smile flickered around the man's mouth.
"Well, if it isn't the young gladiator that bearded the lion in his own
arena," the man said with an inflection of triumph.
Buddy frowned for a moment, then remembered the fellow. He extended his
hand. "Duane, isn't it? How are you?"
Duane pressed his hand firmly. "Splendid, as usual. And you, dear boy,
are Robert, I believe."
Buddy grinned. "Just Buddy, please. What's this about bearding a lion?"
Duane chuckled. "As I recall, I first met you some months ago near this
very spot holding our Jerry's hand. And, he hasn't been the same since."
Buddy frowned. "I'm sorry. Is he ill?"
Duane smirked. "That depends on your point of view. Suffice to say,
he's changed completely. He now eschews the homo happy hunting grounds,
no longer cruising beautiful boys and surviving to tell us about them
over
brunch." He brushed an imaginary hair from his brow. "He's opted
instead to go the route of true love. He even went so far as to find
someone with whom to construct a love nest."
Tears formed in Buddy's eyes and threatened to spill onto his cheeks.
"Uh, yeah, I know. I flew in this morning and went to his apartment ...
and ... a guy named Tom answered."
"His apartment? Oh no, no, no dear Buddy. That person was not his
significant other. That was the new tenant." He emitted a genuine
laugh. "Jerry's bout with loving bliss lasted approximately thirty
days. He swore to me that every time he looked upon his new beloved, he
saw only your face. Whereupon, he showed the man the front door and
sublet
his apartment--fully furnished, mind you, with all of his worldly
possessions--to the fellow you encountered this morning. Do you now
begin to see what you have done to him?"
While listening to the tale, Buddy's eyes had been getting bigger and
his smile wider. "Then, where is he? Is he still in San Francisco?"
Duane gave Buddy an appraising look. "
Quid
pro quo
dear boy. First, tell me why you wish to find Jerry."
He gave the man a crooked grin. "I can't get his face out of my mind
either." Then, with a sigh, "God as my witness Duane, I love him."
Duane pursed his lips, then smiled. "Well, it takes all kinds to make
the world. Someone has to do the nasty job of nest building I suppose.
And, Jerry
has a new one, costing some millions I believe. It sits afloat down at
the marina. Berth 42, to be exact. And he lives aboard."
Buddy laughed aloud and hugged the startled man. "Oh thank you! How do
I get there?"
Duane gave him a genuine smile for the first time. "Come on. I'll drive
you." They rounded the corner and piled into Duane's convertible sports
car and roared into traffic.
They
traveled in silence until they stopped in front of the gate to the
berth. Duane pointed to a pennant flying on top of a yacht of
impressive proportions. "He's home. He always flies that flag when he's
on board."
Duane gave Buddy another genuine smile and kissed him on the forehead.
"Now, the gate there is locked. Go stand by it and I'll give him a
call." Buddy stepped out of the car as Duane pressed a speed dial on
his cell phone. Grinning at Buddy, he spoke into the instrument,
"Jerry, Duane here. I've just deposited a gift for you at the gate to
your sanctum sanctorum, but I must run. Do come out and retrieve it
before someone spirits it away. Ta ta."
Buddy giggled. "You're soooo bad. Thank you very much."
"In truth, it was a genuine pleasure. Take good care of him. He's worth
it." He put the car in gear and Buddy watched as it roared away.
"Hello?"
Buddy spun around to see Jerry, key in hand, about to unlock the gate.
Time froze for several heartbeats, then they were both clawing at the
chain link barrier between them, until Jerry finally managed the lock.
Opening the gate, he swept Buddy off his feet and into a breathtaking,
bone crushing kiss. Breaking the kiss, he grabbed the boy's hand and
raced down the dock and into the boat.
In the saloon, they locked in another brief kiss. As they pulled apart,
they said, "I love you," at the same time. Then spontaneous, frenetic
activity ensued. They clawed at their clothing, not caring to whom it
belonged. Buttons flew across the cabin, and the sound of tearing cloth
filled the space. Nude, their lips and hands began attacking flesh. The
accompanying dialog emulated the soundtrack of a XXX-rated video.
Gradually, they sank to the floor. During the ensuing hour, a smaller
boat
would have rocked in time with their movements.
Sweaty, smeared with body fluids and temporarily sated, they cuddled in
the middle of the saloon floor. Buddy lay half on top of his lover's
recumbent figure, nursing contentedly on the stiff nub of his right
nipple, while Jerry's hands lazily roamed the boy's body.
Buddy reluctantly pulled his mouth away from the tasty morsel when
Jerry murmured, "I still can't get my mind around the fact that you're
really here."
"It's a long story, but I'm here." He moved between Jerry's
legs and raised the man's knees to his chest. "I'm right where I want
to be." Taking Jerry's half-hard member into his mouth, he gently
sucked it to full tumescence. Abandoning the cock, he sucked first one,
then the other of his lover's balls until they drew up tight. Next, his
lips and tongue concentrated on Jerry's rectum until it was wet and
willing. Then, he rose and placed the head of his massive column at
the entrance and slowly pressed home.
Panting slightly, he moved forward until his face was above that of his
lover, while Jerry encircled him with his arms and legs. "Yes Jerry,
I'm
exactly where I want to be." His hips began to pump, slowly. "I'm with
you." He sucked Jerry's lower lip for a time. "I never want to be
anywhere else." He kissed his man, deeply, as his shaft coupled with
him. "I thought about you every single day. I saw your face everywhere
I looked. I couldn't think about anything else." He tenderly kissed
Jerry's eyes, ears and throat. The friction of their bodies sent
electric thrills through their nervous systems. "Jerry, I'm in love
with you. I know it now. I love you with all my heart."
They both moaned with pleasure as Jerry began to thrust to meet Buddy's
hips. He pulled Buddy's head down to his lips and explored the boy's
ear. Then he whispered, "Oh God, you have no idea how I've wanted--no,
needed--you here with me." He sucked passionately on Buddy's ear lobe.
"When I left you at Mare Island, I felt like a piece of me was missing."
Buddy lay down flat on Jerry, sucking the soft tissue of his shoulder
while their bodies rocked in perfect unison. Jerry embraced the boy
tightly and whispered, "I love you too, with all my heart."
At length, the men's reaction to their spiritual and physical union
overtook them; murmurs of endearment became
unintelligible; faster and faster their bodies moved as their spirits
soared in unity; each stared into the eyes of the other as their
simultaneous orgasms overtook them; and, silent screams of joy were the
only sounds heard in the room while
their bodies trembled, expelling their passion. Then, muted sighs as
they curled together to rest.
Buddy's head lay on Jerry chest. "Jerry, if you love me and I love you,
I'd like to stay here. I can.
I'm not in the Navy anymore." Then, he told his story of the last few
months, slowly and quietly.
At the end, Jerry enfolded him in his arms. "Oh my poor baby. I
wondered about that scar on your cheek." He stroked the boy's hair.
"But now it's all over. You're safe, and you're home." He held Buddy's
face between his hands. "Please stay with me."
They sealed their union with a kiss, then rose, showered and dressed,
Buddy wearing some of Jerry's clothes.
Jerry took him on a tour of the boat. "It's seventy feet long, bow to
stern. Below,
it has two state rooms and two baths, full galley, dining room and
saloon. On top,
there's the wheel house, lounge and deck. She has plenty of diesel
power and blue water
navigation equipment. She can go most  anywhere in the world." On
deck, he
pointed to the pennant fluttering in the breeze. "I fly that when I'm
on board. Do you see the design on it?"
"Yes, but I can't make it out. What is it?" Buddy asked.
"It's the letters R and J, stylized and intertwined." Staring into
Buddy's eyes, he continued. "Of course, it stands for Robert and
Jerome." He smiled at the boy. "I knew we were made for each other,
even if you weren't here. Let me show you something else." He took
Buddy's hand and led him out onto the dock to a point where they could
read the boat's name on the stern.
"It's the
Robert W
?" Buddy
asked, incredulous.
Smiling proudly, Jerry replied, "None other, Mr. Watkins. If I couldn't
have you in the flesh, then I embodied your spirit here."
Buddy drew him into a sweet kiss. "Make love to me Jerry." They retired
to the large bed in the forward state room and did just that. As Jerry
entered his love, Buddy said, "Now you have me in
both
body and spirit."
Later, they drove to Polk Street to pick up Buddy's belongings and
check him
out of the hotel. Then, they walked a short way to a
cafe to have dinner. Buddy took a sip of the excellent Cabernet Jerry
ordered and asked, "Why did you trade the apartment for the
boat?"
"As with most things in life, it just sort of happened. After you left,
the apartment and everything in it simply lost its
meaning. At the same time, a friend had a financial reversal and
had to sell his boat. It was a good deal, so I bought it. And, the
minute I walked on board as the owner, I felt at home. I didn't have to
think about it at all; I sublet the apartment and moved on board
with just my clothes and some kitchen stuff." He held Buddy's hand.
"And, I've been happy there, concentrating on what I've come to value
in life."
Buddy leaned in for a sweet kiss. "You named her after me."
"You got it. Now that you are aboard, my life is complete."
Buddy sobered. "Well, I'm here to stay, so tomorrow I had better look
for a job."
For several moments, Jerry didn't respond. He stared into the distance,
deep in thought. "I think
you already have a job. How would you like to be the skipper of the
Robert W
?"
"Jerry, I can't live off of you. I don't want to be a kept boy."
Jerry
grinned at his love.  "Remember that trust fund
that I inherited? Well, after some wise investing on my part, it's now
worth medium eight figures."
Buddy did a quick calculation in his head. "T-that's at least forty
million dollars!"
"At least. So neither of us has to work. Have you ever been to New
York?" Buddy shook his head. "How would you like to take us there
Captain Watkins? Down the coast of Mexico, through the Panama Canal,
across the Caribbean, up the
East Coast, hitting as many ports as we want to see along the way?
Hmmmm?"
Buddy's eyes were big. "We can do that?"
"Um hm. We would have to take some
navigation courses and learn every nut and bolt on that boat. But yes,
in a few months we could be on our way."
They continued to make plans as they exited the restaurant and walked
down Polk Street. Jerry stopped in front of a bar and led Buddy into
it. "This is where we first met."
Buddy chuckled. "Yeah, this is where it all began. Remember that little
incident against the back wall?"
The End
Thanks for reading. If
you enjoyed this story (or not), tell me about it at
jer@jerryleckie.com
. I appreciate constructive criticism, and I ignore
flames. Please enter the name of the story in the subject line of your
e-mail.
This story and more of my writing is posted at
http://www.jerryleckie.com
. In addition, you will find stories by guest
authors and links to great fiction in a variety of categories: adult,
celebrity, college, high school, incest, young friends, science
fiction, bisexual, etc.

---

INCIDENT ON POLK STREET (Chapter 2)

INCIDENT ON POLK STREET Copyright ©
2004 by Jerry Leckie —
A young
sailor, a gay virgin on shore leave, looks for male companionship on
San Francisco's
infamous Polk Street. He finds what he is looking for -- and more. He
returns to his ship, a changed man, vowing to return for what he has
found, if it's still there.
You may download my
writing for your own reading pleasure; however, you may not place my
writing on a website or reproduce stories for distribution without my
permission.
WARNING
:
My
short story fiction deals with
very
mature subjects and with explicit language, some
of which is
of a sexual nature. If viewing such material is illegal where you
live or if viewing such material would be offensive to you, please
click on the “BACK” button of your browser NOW to return
to other sections of the web.
INCIDENT ON POLK STREET
CHAPTER TWO - JERRY'S STORY
Jerry roused from sleep as the morning sun began to pour through
the window. When he was in full possession of his faculties, he
realized that he felt a bit strange. He was in a plush room in
the Saint Francis hotel, lying on his back in a most comfortable bed, holding
the hard body of a most desirable young man. The strange part was this: It was the
morning after
, and he was
still with the trick
! He chuckled softly to himself. That didn't happen very often.
He turned his head slightly to survey the situation. Buddy was snuggled
tightly against him, his head resting in the hollow of Jerry's shoulder.
Jerry's arm encircled the sleeping youth.
What's going on here
, Jerry thought?
They hadn't gone to sleep in
this position.
I'm feeling very comfortable holding this newly-minted ex-virgin.
Normally by this time, he would be out having breakfast/brunch with some of his friends, bragging about his conquest.
Jerry
sighed and stroked Buddy's back, feeling the toned
muscles under his velvety soft skin. The boy stirred slightly, then Jerry
had the pleasure of watching him waken. First, his breathing
altered, then he stretched and moved
about to regain his comfortable position. But, soon he sensed where he
was. His eyes flew open. Seeing his arm across Jerry's
chest, he lifted it and started to scoot away, but Jerry held him tight.
"Hi," Jerry crooned.
Buddy stammered, "I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to crowd you."
With a hand, Jerry brought Buddy's arm back down on his chest. "You
didn't. It felt great to hold you like this all night and wake up with
you in my arms." He chuckled derisively. "It doesn't happen to me very
often."
Buddy snuggled closer, his hand toying with the hair on Jerry's chest. "You held me all night?"
Jerry stroked the boy's cheek. "Um hm."
Buddy raised up on an elbow and looked down at his impromptu lover.
"I've never slept with anyone before." He grinned shyly. "It sure
felt nice to wake up with you holding me." He yawned and looked around
the room. "Matter of fact, I feel great. What time is it?"
Jerry looked at his watch. "It's a little after nine. Actually, we
didn't sleep that long. It was after three o'clock when we, uh, finished, and went
to sleep." Buddy looked uncertain what to do next. Jerry smiled and drew him into a
kiss. "Hungry?" Buddy nodded. "So am I. Let's clean up and order
breakfast."
In the bathroom, Jerry produced two of everything for them from the bag
he brought from home. As they shaved, they couldn't  resist stroking the other's
heavy dick dangling in the wash basin, and it made it difficult for them to
stroke their faces with the razors. At last,
they gave up and took turns shaving each other while their stiff cocks
dueled between them.
Consequently, they were in a moderate state of arousal by the time they entered the
shower, where both men delighted in washing the other's body. As
Jerry's hands massaged Buddy's back, he allowed a finger to explore the
boy's rectum.
"How do you feel back there this morning?"
Buddy sighed as Jerry's finger probed him. "It feels good, a little sensitive, but good. There's no pain."
"Your muscles are just not used to the stretching."
Buddy smiled and kissed Jerry. "That must be it, because it felt better the third time you entered me last night."
Jerry's dick twitched at the memory. "I'm glad you liked it."
They dried each other and dressed in the fluffy robes provided by
the hotel. Jerry removed the "Do Not Disturb" sign from their door and
ordered room service. Presently, the waiter arrived, wheeling an elaborate breakfast table
into the room. As he uncovered the various dishes,  Buddy began to
frown in discomfort.
Jerry tipped the waiter and replaced the "Do Not Disturb" sign. Turning
to his lover, he asked, "What's the matter? Isn't it to your liking?"
Buddy gestured to the room and to the beautiful table of food. "Jerry,
this is very nice, but I can't afford my share of all this."
Smiling, Jerry said, "Relax, it's on
me. I get a discount here. The hotel is one of my customers." He gently
kissed the frown from the boy's face and untied his robe, slipping it
off his shoulders.
They sat at the table nude, enjoying the food, the conversation and the
sight of each other.
Between bites of scrambled egg, Jerry asked, "Is Buddy your real name or is it a nickname?"
Buddy swallowed a mouthful of toast. "Nickname. I'm a junior. Robert
Watkins, Junior. Everyone called me Buddy to keep the confusion down."
Jerry laughed. "I'm a junior too. Jerome Aiken, Junior. They called me Jerry to distinguish between me and my dad. But
no one
would have dared call him Jerry."
When they had eaten their fill, they retired with
cups of coffee to the couch. There, they carried on a halfhearted
conversation while their fingers roamed,
stroking here, tickling there. In no time, their dicks rose to the
occasion. Then, the coffee and conversation were abandoned as they
played an impromptu erotic game, watching their penises twitch with
desire as they
caressed each other, discovering new erogenous zones. Ultimately, the
stimulation became too much and they had to take a break.
Abruptly, Jerry stood and pulled Buddy onto the bed. They lay on their
sides kissing, loosely holding each other. Gradually, their kisses became
more passionate, their cocks became harder and began to dual between
their bodies. As they pulled apart and looked down at their rampant
manhoods, an idea formed in Jerry's mind.
"Since we're both uncircumcised, I want to try something I haven't done
in a long time." He kissed Buddy on the nose. "Have you ever tried
docking with a guy?" The boy shook his head and Jerry grinned broadly.
"It feels really good. Let's try it." Jerry retracted his foreskin.
"Pull your foreskin all the way back. Our dick heads have to be dry for
it to work." Buddy complied and Jerry dried their pre-cum with a corner
of the bed sheet. The rasp of the rough material on their most
sensitive parts caused their erections to soften somewhat -- exactly
the effect Jerry wanted.
"Now Buddy, hold your dick straight out." Jerry moved his hips forward
until the tips of their dicks touched. "Your foreskin is thicker than
mine, so I'll go first." He grasped his foreskin and pulled it over the
head of Buddy's cock. "Okay, now roll your foreskin over the head of
your dick, covering my foreskin." Buddy did so and Jerry grinned at
him. "We're docked." Buddy looked down at their joined penises with a
"gee whiz" expression.
"Here's the best part,"
Jerry purred. He took Buddy's hand and wrapped his fingers around their covered
dick heads.  "Now, jack us off, slowly."
They watched as Buddy's fist began to move, provoking moans of pleasure
and murmurs of approval. The sight of their large cocks being
masturbated in tandem was a mind blowing picture. As their ardor rose, Jerry nibbled on
Buddy's lower lip, then probed his mouth with his tongue. Their kiss
became more and more passionate as the stimulation of their dicks
overtook them. For long minutes they remained locked in the kiss,
moaning with pleasure. Finally, all they could do was press their
foreheads together and look down as their cocks grew rock hard and
erupted. The force of their ejaculations filled their foreskins,
forcing them apart, and spilled into Buddy's hand.
Sweating and breathing hard, both men stared at their quivering cocks
for a full minute. Then, they looked at each other with wide eyes and
said, "Wow!" at the same time.
Jerry grasped Buddy's wrist and brought his cum-filled hand to his
lips, taking a tentative lick. "Mmmm," he said, staring into Buddy's
eyes. "Good. Wanna taste?"
With wide eyes, Buddy leaned forward and lapped the palm of his hand.
"Oh man, that is soooo good! And it's making me harder than ever!"
"Me too," Jerry panted.They hurriedly cleaned Buddy's hand, then Jerry
turned in the bed to a 69 position and they lovingly cleaned their
dicks.
Buddy pulled off Jerry's clean cock. "I'm so hot. Can we do it again?"
In answer, Jerry took Buddy's penis down to the root. Smiling, Buddy reciprocated. And they performed a slow,
deliberate 69 until they brought themselves to another orgasm.
Exhausted, they fell apart, panting. At length, Buddy turned and fell
across Jerry's chest, kissing him hard. "Thank you Jerry." At the man's
questioning look, he continued. "Thank you for being with me last night
and this morning. I've wanted to be close with someone--a
guy--for a long time. It's been wonderful, being with you. Thank you again." He blushed
and lowered his head to Jerry's chest.
Jerry studied the boy for several minutes, gently stroking his hair.
Something stirred in his
soul, something he hadn't felt
since he was a teenager. "You're welcome Buddy," he replied softly,
knowing that he would have to give this new feeling further attention.
"Whaddya say we get dressed and get out of here for a while so the
hotel can clean up the room?" Buddy smiled up at him. "We can have a
nice lunch and do some sightseeing." He chuckled. "I know that I said
you were gonna do all your sightseeing out of that window, but I think
a bit of fresh air will do us good, maybe build up some stamina for
tonight."
Buddy looked up in surprise. "We're gonna stay here again tonight?"
Jerry grinned. "Yeah, didn't I promise to drive you back to the base
Monday morning?" Then, his face turned serious. "Uh, that is, if you
want
to come back here tonight."
Something looking suspiciously like tears formed in Buddy's eyes. "Please, I'd love to spend the rest of the weekend with you."
Jerry took Buddy's head between his hands and wiped the moisture away with
his thumbs. "Good. I'd like to spend the weekend with you too."
They
quickly dressed and hopped a cable car to the North Beach district
of the city, home to many fine restaurants. As the car rattled up
Powell Street, Jerry pointed to a large, well-maintained Victorian
building. "That's where I live, on the top floor.I'd have invited you there last night, but
I'm having the place redecorated and the whole floor is a mess."
Buddy gazed up at the structure. "Wow, you have the whole top floor?" Jerry nodded. "What do you do for a living Jerry?"
"I'm an investment banker. I work for a private banking firm here in the city."
Buddy studied him for a moment. "I don't mean to be too personal, but aren't you a little young to be a high-stakes banker?"
Jerry grinned. "Well, I'm 28. That's not too young. But, how I got into
the business is a long story. Maybe I'll tell you later."
The car clattered to a stop at Columbus Avenue and they hopped off. Jerry
picked a restaurant and they settled into a booth to order. When the
first course arrived, Buddy said, "You have a southern accent. Where
are you from originally?"
"Georgia. You're from the South too."
"Yeah, the Florida Panhandle. My folks ran a beach resort on the Gulf
Coast. That's how I came to love the sea." He took an appreciative sip of wine. "The Navy brought me here,
but how did you wind up all the way across the country in San
Francisco."
Jerry laughed. "Well, I guess it's time for that long story." Buddy
smiled and motioned for him to continue. "My folks have more money than
God, and circulate in high society. I don't think they
really wanted me, but I came along, as babies do. Anyway, as
dutiful parents, they sent me to the finest private schools and taught me all the social graces.
"Everything was rocking along fine until I fell in love with a school
mate--Brett, a boy--when I was sixteen. I invited him home with me one
weekend, and, unfortunately, my folks caught us in a most compromising position." He
turned serious and looked grimly at Buddy. "The short story is that
they paid an ungodly amount of money to the boy's parents to move to
another city, and I was instructed to find an immediate interest in
girls." He shrugged. "At that age, I really had no choice, so I did.
"But, I had learned a valuable lesson. I realized that I was being reared as their
trophy child, to present to the world as an example of fine Southern
culture. So, I learned to play the game, and I played it well, biding my time, making plans. They
kept me on a short leash, but I had the finest education available. I
lived at home while I attended the local university. After I earned my
master's degree in finance, I continued to live at home while I worked for a local
investment bank."
Jerry
smiled wickedly. "Then, a propitious moment arrived. My parents
decided to take a six-month tour around the world, and left me in
charge of the house. I had an erstwhile girlfriend on the string, so I
guess they thought it would be safe to make the trip. But, they forgot
an important detail: I celebrated my twenty-fifth birthday a month
later. I immediately hired a lawyer to open the trust fund my folks set
up for me to receive at that age. I took the money and wired it to a
correspondent bank here in San Francisco. Then, I resigned my position
with my employer, packed a bag, locked the house and hopped a plane for
The
City."
Jerry smiled wryly. "I knew the date my parents were returning from
their trip, and I did something that I'm sorry for now, but I was full
of resentment and it felt good at the time."
Buddy's eyes were wide. "What did you do?"
"The day after they got back, I sent them a singing telegram saying
that I was gay, had left home for good and never wanted to see them
again."
"Wow. Have they ever tried to contact you?"
"Nope." Buddy didn't know what else to say, so he just looked down at
his food. Jerry drew himself up and asked, "What about you Buddy? Do
your folks know that you're gay?"
The boy shuddered visibly. "God no! They're really religious. They
would never understand. I began to suspect that I was gay in high
school. After I graduated, I went to a trade school and learned radio
communications. Then, as soon as I turned 21, I joined the Navy to get away from home, to try to find out who I really am." He
shook his head sadly. "I don't know if I'll ever go back home. I love my
parents and I'd hate to have to lie to them about my lifestyle."
"Hm," Jerry mused, "we're in the same position with our families, but
for different reasons." He shook off the moment and smiled at his
companion. "But, we're here and now." Holding up his wine glass as if
to make a toast, he continued, "Let's put our pasts behind us and
concentrate on enjoying the present." Buddy smiled and lifted his glass
in response.
They finished the meal, regaining their good humor and made their way
to Fisherman's Wharf on the waterfront, poking around the tourist
attractions, art galleries and museums, enjoying the sights, fresh air
and the other's company. They enjoyed themselves so much that they
walked the length of the waterfront to Market Street, then uptown to
the hotel.
Inside the room, Buddy embraced Jerry and murmured, "Thanks for a
wonderful afternoon." He pulled back and looked his companion in the
eye. "No,
you're
wonderful Jerry. I'm so proud to be with you."
Jerry, the jaded sophisticate, saw the total lack of guile in Buddy's
face and blushed to the roots of his hair. He kissed Buddy warmly and
hugged him. "You're a pretty wonderful guy yourself, Robert Watkins,
Junior." Darkness was approaching, so he  squeezed Buddy and
asked, softly, "Hungry?"
Buddy turned and kissed Jerry. "Yes and no. How about something light?"
They ordered Caesar salads and a bottle of Riesling, which they
consumed in the nude, seated on the couch. Then, they took a quick
shower. As they dried each other, Buddy shook his head and said,
"You're the most beautiful man I've ever seen. I bone up just being
near you. My underwear was wet when I took 'em off a while ago."
Jerry took Buddy by the shoulders and turned him toward the beautifully framed, full-length
mirror standing in the corner of the room. "Want to see someone
beautiful? Look there." Standing behind the boy, he guided him to
within a few paces of the mirror.
Buddy shifted uncomfortably. "I'm not beautiful. I'm a Navy Swabby and a country bumpkin, all rough and ugly."
Jerry placed his arms around the boy and shook him gently. "Bullshit.
You're as physically perfect as anyone can be. But, more importantly,
you have the soul of an angel. And, that alone would make you
beautiful."
They stared into the looking glass for several minutes as Jerry's hands
roamed lightly over Buddy's chest. Presently, both grew aroused. Jerry
held his breath as he watched Buddy's penis rise to full staff. Then,
he became aware that his own erection was nestled between the cheeks of
the boy's buttocks.
Buddy closed his eyes and said, "Jerry, please make love to me."
As Jerry stood there staring at the boy's physical perfection, he saw
his inner goodness show through like an aura. He kissed his ear and
crooned, "I'd love to. Don't move. I want you to see something." He
quickly donned a condom and retrieved the tube of lubricant. Returning
to stand behind Buddy, he locked eyes with the boy's reflection and
applied lubricant to the condom and Buddy's rectum. Positioning his
erection against it, he softly announced, "I want you to see how
beautiful you are
when you're being pleasured." Whereupon, he began laying a line of
kisses across Buddy's shoulders while his hands began to roam his
lover's body. His fingers started with the ears, then the soft tissue
of the neck, lingering on the nipples for a time, then stroking his
sides, the stomach, the navel, combing the pubic hair, stroking the
insides of the thighs, and finally, massaging the testicles.
With each advancement of Jerry's fingers, Buddy shivered and sighed,
and his sphincter relaxed a bit more, at last allowing the head of
Jerry's cock to pop through. At that moment, Jerry flexed his knees and
drove his erection up into Buddy, to the hilt, eliciting a deep moan of
sweet pleasure.
Jerry wrapped his arms around his lover and kissed his neck. Buddy
reached back and placed his hands on Jerry's hips. "Oh God Jerry, this
is heaven," the boy purred.
Jerry kissed Buddy's ear and whispered. "Look at yourself. You're
beautiful, glowing with pleasure." He began to move his hips
imperceptibly, as his fingers began to stroke Buddy's nipples, and his
tongue sought out the interior of the boy's ear.
"Ahhhhhh!" Buddy cried in ecstasy, gripping Jerry's hips fiercely. "Ohhh, it's so good."
"Yesss," Jerry crooned. His fingers encircled Buddy's genitals, gently squeezing them, as his hips continued to pump.
Buddy's dick swelled to unbelievable proportions while his sphincter contracted violently around
Jerry's cock. Presently, they stared at the mirror in wonder as a pearl
of pure cum appeared at the tip of Buddy's dick, then more drops appeared, ran down the
length of the huge phallus onto Jerry's fingers. He brought his hand to
Buddy's lips and the boy hungrily sucked the delicacy from them.
Both
men were now caught up in a storm of passion. For many long minutes
they writhed and moaned as the picture of their coupling unfolded in the mirror. In minutes, their passions pushed them past the
point of no return; their bodies slammed together in short, frantic
strokes, bringing them
to crashing orgasms. Jerry's cock exploded within the condom while
Buddy's dick fired missiles of cum that smacked audibly against the
mirror.
For several heartbeats, they hung together, eyes tightly closed as
electric impulses flashed throughout their nervous systems. Unable to
endure the stimulation, they sank to the floor, resting on their sides.
Still
coupled, their dicks throbbed violently. Buddy grabbed his cock and
began to stroke it rapidly. Simultaneously, Jerry began to fuck with
short rabbit strokes. Faster and faster they moved, panting with
anticipation as their second orgasms neared.
Suddenly, each man heard a silent thunderclap in his head and they howled with pain/passion/relief as their genitals spasmed.
Minutes later, they slowly pulled apart and stared at each other in open mouthed wonder.
"God-fucking-damn!" Buddy barely squeaked out.
Jerry managed to bark out a short laugh. "My sentiments exactly." He
pulled his sweat streaked body over to Buddy and managed a kiss before
he collapsed onto the boy's chest.
The rays of the morning sun had made their way from the empty bed,
across the
carpet, to illuminate the sleeping forms. A blanket covered them and
their heads lay on a common pillow. The bright light awakened
Buddy. He held Jerry to his breast with a contented smile, while the
man snored quietly. He chuckled and brushed Jerry's lips with his
tongue, gently forcing it into his mouth. Without opening his eyes,
Jerry
smiled and welcomed the kiss.
"Hi Beautiful," Jerry murmured.
"Hi yourself. We're still on the floor. Where did the blanket and pillow come from?"
Opening his eyes, Jerry stared into identical blue pools. "I woke up
about three o'clock freezing, so I dragged them off the bed." His gaze
drifted over Buddy's shoulder, causing him to collapse into helpless
giggles.
"What?" Buddy wondered.
Jerry couldn't speak. He pointed weakly. Buddy
rolled over and began to laugh hysterically. The entire lower half of
the mirror was coated with dried cum.
Between giggles, Jerry said, "With that machine gun of yours, you should be in the artillery instead of the Navy."
Still laughing, Buddy stood and held out a hand to help Jerry up. "Come
on
Jerome
, both of us smell like yaks in heat. We need a bath." The
blanket slid off Jerry as he stood. Buddy took one look at him and
dissolved into laughter once more.
"What now?" Jerry asked. Breathless, Buddy shook his head and pointed to the grotesque sight of the condom clinging to
Jerry's shriveled dick, with an enormous ball of watery cum dangling at
its end. Now, both men were so breathless with laughter that they could
only cling to each other for support.
Eventually
they recovered their composure, showered and dressed. After
cleaning the mirror, they opted to go to Jerry's apartment for clean
clothes and then to the Castro District (San Francisco's gay ghetto)
for brunch. They enjoyed a lengthy repast at an elegant inn, then spent
several hours strolling the heart of the district hand-in-hand. Buddy
was elated to be able to hold Jerry's hand in public and to
occasionally steal a kiss. And Jerry discovered that he didn't mind
this arrangement one bit. He felt more comfortable than he had in a
long time.
In early afternoon, they stood looking into a shop window on Castro
Street when they heard, "Oh, there you are Dear Boy!" Jerry turned at
the sound of the familiar voice to behold a handsome, elegantly-coiffed
young man dressed in blue blazer, pearl gray shirt with a subdued tie,
gray slacks and stylish, black leather pumps.
He moved toward them rapidly saying, "I tried calling you all day
yesterday ..." His voice trailed off when they turned to reveal Buddy
holding Jerry's hand. He recovered quickly and gave a half smile. "Oh,
I see you've been otherwise occupied."
Jerry smiled. "Yes I have. Robert, may I present Duane. Duane, this is
Robert Watkins II. Buddy to his friends." Duane raked Buddy with his
eyes, frowning imperceptibly at their joined hands. Buddy started to
withdraw from the handclasp, but Jerry held it tightly. "Buddy is a
guest in our fair city," Jerry explained.
Buddy shook Duane's outstretched hand. "Ah, knowing our Jerry as I do,
I expect he has been giving you the royal tour," Duane said with a
barely suppressed smirk.
Buddy met Duane's smirk with a grin. "Oh yes, he's been showing me many interesting and enjoyable things."
Duane's eyes went wide for a fraction of a second longer than propriety
allowed. He quickly switched his gaze to Jerry. "Well, I must be on my
way. Are you still on for a game of tennis at the club on Thursday?"
Jerry was busy stifling  a laugh. "Wouldn't miss it."
"Right then. I must be off. Ta-ta for now you two." Duane nodded curtly at both of them and walked away.
Jerry and Buddy turned to each other and collapsed into laughter. "Oh God Buddy. That was great," Jerry averred.
Between gasps, Buddy managed, "Well, I couldn't let him get away with
that smart-alecky remark. It wasn't so much what he said, but the way
he said it. I take it he's a friend of yours."
"I'll just say that he's a member of my circle of close acquaintances."
Buddy sobered. "Well, I don't like to be mean, but he deserved it."
They continued walking down the street, hand-in-hand. Buddy asked, "Why
does he talk like that?"
"You mean his affected manner of speaking?" Buddy nodded. "Well, he
was
reared in British high society, but I suspect the real reason is he read too much Oscar Wilde when he was a boy."
This set them off on another bout of giggles. When they calmed down, Jerry continued. "Oh, Duane is all
right. He's really a good guy at heart. It's just that the way he was
reared has made him something of a snob. He values form more than
substance." Jerry reflected silently that he and Duane were nurtured in
the same culture.
Back in the hotel room, they decided that they needed another shower
before dinner and delighted in undressing each other, kissing and
caressing each new body part as it was uncovered. Naturally, they were
more than tolerably aroused by the time they entered the shower. While
Buddy washed Jerry's chest, he grinned as an idea formed.
"Jerry, let me wash your hair," he said, pushing his lover to his knees. Jerry quickly caught on and took the boy's
huge erection into his mouth. But, he didn't suck it; he simply swirled
his tongue around the head, while Buddy wove his fingers through his
hair. It proved to be both an erotic and loving act. At length, they
switched places and Jerry reciprocated.
After another light dinner in the room of salad and wine, they lay on
the bed cuddling. Buddy asked shyly, "Jerry, please let me make love to
you."
Jerry took Buddy's massive penis in his hand and regarded
it. For days he had thought it was the most beautiful penis he had ever
seen. But now, he saw it in a new light; it was a part of the most
perfect, loving individual he had known since he fell in love with
Brett in high school. He was not entirely in control of his voice when
he replied, "I'd be honored to have you make love to me Buddy."
As Buddy knelt before him, Jerry raised his knees to his chest, and the
boy poised his erection at his lover's rectum. He stared lovingly into
Jerry's eyes as he pressed forward and slowly sank all the way into
him. Jerry wrapped his legs around Buddy's waist and held him close.
They kissed as Buddy's hips began to slowly pump. There was no hurry, and no lust. The act was one of
loving expression, of appreciation and of high regard. They let their passion
mount in its own time, murmuring words of endearment as their bodies
moved in time with the affection in their hearts.
At the end of the evening, they pulled the covers over themselves and held each other tenderly.
Once again the morning sun illuminated the bed. But, this morning found
the two kissing and talking quietly, for they had an unwanted task to
perform. With a mournful glance at the clock, they rose, showered and
dressed. Jerry checked them out of the hotel and they rode a cable car
to Jerry's apartment. There, they boarded Jerry's sleek sports car
bearing an Italian name that Buddy couldn't pronounce.
The ride across the Bay Bridge was made in silence while holding hands,
each lost in his own thoughts. The sun was high and the sky bright as
they continued the thirty mile trip to Mare Island.
As they approached the city of Vallejo, Jerry glanced at Buddy and saw
a single tear trickle down his cheek. Suddenly moisture collected in
his eyes too.
Staring straight ahead, Buddy stammered, "J-Jerry, I want to thank you
for this weekend, and for your
company, and for all you taught me. I-It was wonderful."
Jerry squeezed the boy's hand and considered how he really felt before
he answered. "I enjoyed it too. I had the pleasure of getting to know
you ..." He sighed. "Aw hell Buddy, it was the most wonderful weekend
I've enjoyed in many, many years, maybe forever." Now, a tear ran down
his cheek. "I'm just so fucking sorry that it's coming to an end."
Hearing the catch in Jerry's voice, Buddy tried to lighten the moment.
"Well, let's not say that it has to end; I only have three years and
five months to go on my enlistment." Then, he thought,
Where will we be and what will we be doing--and with whom--at that time?
"Yeah," Jerry said as the same thought ran through his mind.
They pulled up to the Mare Island gate. Jerry parked and
looked at Buddy. They smiled weakly, discovering the tears on both
their faces. "I can't kiss you here, but I'd sure like to," he
confessed to the boy.
Buddy replied slowly, "I know. Well, good bye." He opened the door and stepped out of the
car. He took a few steps, turned back and said fiercely, "I'll
never forget you!" and ran toward the gate.
Nor will I forget you
, Jerry
thought. He watched the boy until he was out of sight. Then, he wiped
the tears from his eyes so that he could see how to drive back to The
City.
To be continued
Thanks for reading. If
you enjoyed this story (or not), tell me about it at
jer@jerryleckie.com
. I
appreciate constructive criticism, and I ignore flames. Be sure to
place the title of the story in the subject line of the e-mail.
Please
read more of my writing at
http://www.jerryleckie.com
. There, you will find stories that you will
enjoy in a variety of categories: adult, celebrity, college, high school, incest, young friends, science fiction and
bisexual.

---

INCIDENT ON POLK STREET (Chapter 3)

INCIDENT ON POLK STREET Copyright
©
2004 by Jerry Leckie —
A young
sailor, a gay virgin on shore leave, looks for male companionship on
San Francisco's
infamous Polk Street. He finds what he is looking for -- and more. He
returns to his ship, a changed man, vowing to return for what he has
found, if it's still there.
You may download my
writing for your own reading pleasure; however, you may not place my
writing on a website or reproduce stories for distribution without my
permission.
WARNING
:
My
short story fiction deals with
very
mature subjects and with explicit language, some
of which is
of a sexual nature. If viewing such material is illegal where you
live or if viewing such material would be offensive to you, please
click on the “BACK” button of your browser NOW to return
to other sections of the web.
INCIDENT ON POLK STREET
CHAPTER ONE - BUDDY'S STORY
Note 1: Readers have
asked
(insisted?) that I continue this story; therefore, I have revised the
original story to begin developing the characters and have designated
it as Chapter One.
Note 2: Please be aware that my military training is limited to two
years of college ROTC. So, don't rag on me if I don't have the military
jargon exactly right.
Note 3: The US government closed the Mare Island Naval Shipyard,
Vallejo, California, in 1996; but, for this story, I've chosen to keep
it open.
Buddy
had fallen asleep face-down on the big bed in the hotel room. While waiting, he had
stripped down to his white-cotton briefs and collapsed.
However, his civilian clothes were hung neatly on the chair next to
the big oak desk. His military training had taught him to always be
neat in that respect.  He was a big, strapping youth, but he looked
like the little-boy-lost, vulnerable, and out of place laying there
in the large and expensive hotel room. He stirred in his sleep. The
well-defined muscles in his back, arms, and legs rippled, vivid in
relief from the shadows cast by the dim lamp on the table. The white
cotton of his briefs stretched and pulled as he flexed the muscles of
his well-formed buttocks. Dreams wakened in his head, random thought
pictures from the last few hours: the submarine docking at Mare
Island; Friday night; weekend liberty; shuck the sailor suit and jam into some civvies; the
bus ride into San Francisco; where to go; "Polk Street"
someone said; find some ass there.
Buddy found Polk
Street to be not quite what he expected: seedy, seething with activity, and slimy
with the backwater population of The City. Unexpected also because
the "ass" to be found there wasn't female. He briefly
wondered whether his shipmates had discovered his most secret thoughts.
He hoped not, for he needed consenting male companionship very much, a
male that wasn't in the US Navy, that is.
He had just turned
twenty-one and enlisted; he had been through basic training
and returned from his first cruise, convinced that what he needed and
wanted for the rest of his life was
intimate
male companionship. He already had ordinary male companionship, courtesy of the
close quarters of the ship. But, he wanted--no, craved--more than that, deep down in his soul. He had made several
good friends aboard ship, and he would have liked to carry some of the
relationships past that point, but he dared not, and it was
agonizing.
The doctrine of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" still ruled in the military.
When
he reached Polk Street and realized what activity was to be found
there, his penis twitched in anticipation. He detached himself from
his buddies and walked alone, attracting comments and admiring
glances from the pretty male prostitutes. On a hunch, he turned and entered a
bar. He hadn't been in many gay bars before, but there was always
something about them that was recognizable. He strolled toward the back,
glancing around, trying to locate anyone from his ship. Not finding
any mates, he relaxed and continued,
shyly looking for a friendly face.
He
stopped and bought a beer, then strolled on, shifting his
glance from face to face, trying to make eye contact. The first solid
connection he made was with a fellow leaning against the
back wall. The light was so bad that all Buddy could see at first was
the outline of his tall, lean body, the smile of his white teeth, and
the whites of his eyes--looking right at him.
Buddy nervously
approached the man, smiling shyly in return. On closer inspection,
he found the fellow's appearance startling, for he looked very much like
himself--sandy-blond hair, blue eyes, fair complexion. They were
even dressed alike. The icing on the cake was that the guy was young and very handsome.
The good looking dude stuck out his hand. "Hi, I'm Jerry," he said with a pleasant smile, pressing
Buddy's hand with a firm, confident grip.
"Hi, I'm Buddy."
They warmed to each other
immediately and were soon chattering away about themselves. Buddy
revealed his status as a Swabby on temporary shore leave, and Jerry
stated that he both lived and worked in San Francisco.
Although
the conversation hummed contentedly, there was an undercurrent of
sexual excitement that began to build at a rapid rate.
Finally, Jerry
stepped back into the corner and turned Buddy until his back was to
the room, effectively shielding them from view. Jerry reached out and
stroked the side of Buddy's face. Both men sighed and smiled. Then,
Jerry reached down and stroked Buddy's crotch, causing the boy's dick
to uncoil. Emboldened by this move, Buddy returned the favor by cupping
Jerry's
crotch in his hand.
Buddy
stirred again in his sleep. By reflex, he grabbed the pillow at his
head and moved it down to his chest, hugging it to him. He flushed,
remembering the feeling of Jerry's crotch in his hand. As they
massaged each other, Buddy leaned forward hesitantly and kissed Jerry. The man's
mouth opened to receive him and sucked his tongue inside. Both young men
trembled and broke apart, gasping.
Buddy stared wide-eyed at Jerry. "I can't believe I just did that." He looked around. "And in a public place too."
Jerry grinned. "Was that your first kiss with a guy?" Buddy nodded. "Well, here's another first for you."
Jerry
unzipped Buddy's fly and snaked his fingers into the opening of his
briefs. He gasped with delight when he forced the thick, eight-inch
cock out into the open. He simply stared down at it for a moment,
then he cooed like a baby as he gently peeled the foreskin back,
revealing the large head.
Buddy
could barely stand the exhilarating sensation of having another man
touch his dick. He too, had to have a cock in his hands. He unzipped
Jerry's fly and hauled out the most stiff, seven-inch, uncut penis he
had ever seen.
Both
men almost passed out from the sensation of what they saw and felt.
For a few minutes they were content to gently manipulate each other.
They stared with mouths open, in wonder, at the beautiful sight of
two, huge, virile male cocks in full flower.
They
looked into each other's eyes simultaneously and smiled. And,
continued to stare into identical blue pools as their spare hands
began to explore; a stroke here brought a sigh; a caress there
brought an intake of breath. To Buddy, this was wonderful beyond description.
In
spite of the lust haze he was enjoying, Jerry realized that they were
pushing their luck by exposing themselves in a public place. He
leaned close to Buddy's ear and whispered, "Let's go to a hotel where
we can be comfortable and spend some time together." He grinned. "I
want to see a
lot
of you, if you know what I mean."
A big smile appeared on Buddy's face. "Sounds like a plan. Let's do it."
Breathing
heavily and grinning like school boys, they made themselves as
presentable as possible and walked down to Powell Street. When they
got to Geary, Jerry turned into the Saint Francis Hotel. He marched up to
the counter and asked for a room.
It
wasn't until they were in the elevator that the sight of the place
made an impact on Buddy.
This is one fucking fancy hotel!
Buddy thought.
And no one batted an eyelash when we showed up at this time of
night with no luggage. Oh well, the price of a room in this joint
must also buy a certain amount of sophistication.
Jerry
let them into the room and moved over to the window without turning on
the light. He opened the drapes, exposing them to the
breathtaking view of The City, as San Franciscans call it, at night. He drew Buddy into an embrace
and, side by side, they savored the panorama. Jerry sighed, "I never
tire of this sight."
Buddy murmured, "It's magnificent."
Jerry turned, drew
Buddy close and left a trail of kisses from his lips, down his chin,
across the softness of his throat, to his ear. "So are you. Welcome to San Francisco sailor,"
he whispered softly.
Buddy
sighed and reached for Jerry's crotch, but Jerry withdrew and stood
back at arms length. He looked at Buddy as if he had just made a
decision. "Buddy, make yourself comfortable. Order room service if
you want. I have to go get something. I'll be back in a little while."
Without acknowledging the surprised look on Buddy's face, he turned and walked out the door.
The memory of that door
slamming echoed in Buddy's dream, shocking him awake.
He
raised his head and looked at the clock on the table. He had been
asleep for an hour. He started to wonder whether Jerry was coming
back, but his thoughts were overridden by the pressure in his groin. He
slowly rolled over on his back, revealing the head and first
two inches of his dick sticking out of the waistband of his shorts.
He lifted himself up onto his elbows and
stared down the expanse of his chest to his cock. A shiver of delight
ran through his entire body, his nipples became erect, and a pearl of
clear fluid appeared at the opening of his fat dick. The head
enlarged measurably, forcing the foreskin to retract a little. He
could feel his balls contracting with excitement. As they moved
within his scrotum, the soft cotton of his briefs tickled his skin.
As
Buddy remembered the events of the evening, and viewed the sight of
his own excited body, his eyes glazed over with lust. He heaved
himself up and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  When his
feet hit the floor, he raised his tight butt up just far enough to
skin his shorts off. He kicked them aside and spread his legs wide,
drinking in the magnificent sight of his huge cock in full heat. It
was so hard and engorged with blood that he could actually see it
move with the pulse beat of his heart.
Slowly,
his hand moved to grasp his cock. He was so excited that he didn't
know what to expect when he touched it. Just as his fingers encircled
it, a key sounded in the lock and the harsh light from the
hall framed Jerry in the doorway. In spite of the blinding light
pouring into the room, Jerry looked radiant standing in the doorway,
smiling from ear to ear, holding a bouquet of flowers in one hand and
a leather bag in the other.
His
smile faded when his eyes took in the naked image of Buddy seated on
the bed, legs spread wide, with his fist around his gigantic cock.
Jerry stepped inside the room, nudged the door closed, and laid the
flowers and bag on the desk, all without taking his eyes off Buddy.
Moving like a robot, he shed his jacket, whipped his shirt over his
head, stepped out of his shoes, and moved to kneel
between Buddy's outspread legs.
The boy had not moved, still clasping his cock while tracking
Jerry's movements with his eyes. When he had seen Jerry's smile
in the doorway, all thoughts of the man abandoning him vanished, but
he still felt like his penis was going to explode. He smiled uncertainly as
Jerry knelt and reached for the prize.
When the man's fingertips touched him, Buddy's cock exploded thunderously,
striking Jerry's mouth and chin. It erupted six more times, splashing
Jerry's face, neck, chest, and arms. A silent scream was the only
sound that could escape Buddy's throat.
Both
men stared with lust-filled eyes. With a low-throated growl Jerry
wiped the cum from his lips and chin and sucked his fingers clean. He
licked the cum from his arms and then began wiping his chest and
licking his fingers greedily. Suddenly, he stopped, looked at Buddy
and leaned forward, moving his cum-covered right nipple within inches
of Buddy's face.
Buddy
had never tasted cum, but he was so filled
with lust the thought never entered his mind. He leaned forward
to meet the object of his desire and extended his tongue tentatively.
He flicked the drops of cum off the nipple and swallowed. Somewhere
his brain registered that it tasted sweet, but animal desire overtook
him and he roughly pulled Jerry toward the bed, rolling him over.
He
straddled Jerry's legs and fell to lapping his own essence. He licked
and sucked Jerry's chest clean of the milky liquid. Panting
with desire he moved forward until his dick, still hard and dripping
with cum, was in reach of Jerry's lips. He aimed his spear at his
lover's
mouth for him to clean.
Jerry's
reacted like a madman. He grabbed the boy's buttocks and massaged them fiercely while he lapped and sucked his
rock-hard dick. Instinctively, Buddy began to pump his cock in and out of Jerry's
mouth with deep strokes. Just as Jerry began to
fight for air, Buddy withdrew all but the tip. Jerry sucked in a lung
full and Buddy plunged in to the hilt, shooting a wad straight down Jerry's throat.
After the storm of lust had abated
,
they rolled onto their sides. Each stared into the other's eyes
and mouthed "Wow." Hesitating only for a moment, their faces moved
together for a long, quiet kiss, Buddy's second soul kiss. He wore a lopsided
grin as he pulled back from it, searching Jerry's face, as if to
discover the secret of that wonderful experience.
Noting that Jerry was still panting with desire, Buddy sat on the edge of the bed and gently stood him between his legs. He
unfastened the man's pants, letting them fall to the floor. Jerry
stepped out of them to reveal the
sight Buddy had been waiting to see: Jerry's steel-hard prick
standing in relief behind the soft, white cotton of his briefs.
The boy
moaned softly and leaned forward until his cheek touched
the fabric cloaking his desire. He moaned once again as he began to
slowly rub every inch of his face, from his hairline to his chin,
against the wonderfully hard object. Finally he delicately lowered
the briefs, exposing, for his view--and pleasure--what he had longed
for since first seeing it in the bar.
A wave of lust instantly washed over him. For
one awful moment he was so excited that he couldn't think of what to
do next. He decided to worship it. It was so close to his face that
he could feel its radiated heat. He could also smell that distinctly
masculine aroma that always aroused him. This was heaven!  He stroked the
beautiful object lightly with his fingertips. He pulled the thin
sheath of foreskin back until the head was fully exposed. Holding the
cock at the base with one hand, he tickled and fondled the balls with
the other. When his desire for the cock was about to burst, he leaned
forward and took it in his mouth, licking, lapping, sucking, and
swirling his tongue around the head.
It's taste satisfied a burning,
but long-buried need within his soul. He sighed and plunged the
whole dick into his mouth.
Without
warning, Jerry groaned and took his turn shooting his load. Buddy
could feel the lumps and spurts of cum traveling up the tube, rocketing into the back of his throat. He clasped Jerry's hips
in a tight embrace, holding this lovely prize to him. Buddy swirled
the cum around in his mouth, savoring the taste, then swallowed with
satisfaction. With reluctance, he released his lover and drew Jerry onto the bed again.
They lay quietly, side by side, their eyes closed until their breathing returned to normal. Then,
they began to touch and stroke every part of the other's body within
arms reach, eventually making them both hard again.
Jerry
turned and positioned himself until their cocks were at mouth-level, and they began to quietly perform sixty-nine, like two
small boys nursing mother's milk.
About
fifteen minutes later, their nursing became more agitated. Then, it
became frantic. While they sucked at breakneck speed, their hands
were busy pinching nipples and crushing balls. Jerry worked his hand
between Buddy's legs, plunging his middle finger into the crack of his
buttocks, then on to violate his rectum. Jerry probed the orifice
furiously, then crooked his finger and  massaged Buddy's
prostate. The boy let out a squeal and shot his load. Jerry was only
ten seconds behind in delivering another load down Buddy's throat.
Thoroughly satisfied with their work, they
licked the penises clean, smacking their lips. Curling into each other's
arms, they entered another long, slow, soul kiss.
At length, Buddy summoned
the courage to ask, "Where did you go after we checked into the
room?"
Jerry said, "Since this is Friday, and your first trip
to San Francisco, I wanted to spend the weekend showing you The
City. So I went home to get my traveling bag."  Then Jerry smiled
wickedly,  pointing to the window. "But, now that I've got you in bed and in my arms, any time you
feel like seeing the city, look there."
They both laughed, and Buddy said, "That's fine with me."
With that, Jerry quickly retrieved his traveling bag and rolled the boy
onto his stomach. He took out a tube of lubricant and began to rain
kisses over the smooth muscles of Buddy's back while his fingers worked
to loosen the boy's rectum. Minutes later, he eased his penis inside
and stretched out over his body.
Nibbling at Buddy's ear, he whispered softly, "I'll drive you back to the ship early Monday morning."
Buddy sighed and relaxed, thinking, "I'm going to enjoy
seeing San Francisco this way.
"
To be continued.
Thanks for reading. If
you enjoyed this story (or not), tell me about it at
jer@jerryleckie.com
. I
appreciate constructive criticism, and I ignore flames. Be sure to
place the title of the story in the subject line of the e-mail.
Please
read more of my writing at
http://www.jerryleckie.com
. There, you will find stories that you will
enjoy in a variety of categories: adult, celebrity, college, high school, incest, young friends, science fiction and
bisexual.

---

INCIDENT ON POLK STREET (Chapter 4)

Copyright ©
2004 by Jerry Leckie — You may download my
writing for your own reading pleasure; however, you may not place my
writing on a website or reproduce stories for distribution without my
permission.
WARNING
:
My
short story fiction deals with
very
mature subjects and with explicit language, some of which is
of a sexual nature. If viewing such material is illegal where you
live or if viewing such material would be offensive to you, please
click on the “BACK” button of your browser NOW to return
to other sections of the web.
Gay erotic fiction. Adult/Military. Explicit sex.
A young
sailor on shore leave looks for male companionship on San Francisco's
infamous Polk Street and finds an enjoyable way to see the city, with the help of a willing resident.
INCIDENT ON POLK STREET
Buddy
had fallen asleep face-down on the big bed in the hotel room. He had
stripped down to his white-cotton briefs and collapsed.
However, his civilian clothes were hung neatly on the chair next to
the big oak desk. His military training had taught him to always be
neat in that respect.  He was a big, strapping youth, but he looked
like the little-boy-lost, vulnerable, and out of place laying there
in the large and expensive hotel room. He stirred in his sleep. The
well-defined muscles in his back, arms, and legs rippled, vivid in
relief from the shadows cast by the dim lamp on the table. The white
cotton of his briefs stretched and pulled as he flexed the muscles of
his well-formed buttocks. Dreams wakened in his head, random thought
pictures from the last few hours: the submarine docking at Mare
Island; liberty; shuck the sailor suit and jam into some civvies; the
bus ride into San Francisco; where to go; "Polk Street"
someone said; find some ass there.
Polk
Street was quite unexpected. It was seedy, seething with activity, and slimy
with the backwater population of The City. Unexpected also because
the "ass" to be found there wasn't female. He briefly
wondered whether his ship-mates knew about his most secret thoughts.
He hoped not, for he needed consenting male companionship very much.
A male that wasn't in the US Navy, that is. He had just turned
twenty-one and enlisted; he had been through boot camp,
and returned from his first cruise, convinced that what he needed and
wanted for the rest of his life was
intimate
male companionship. Male companionship he already had, courtesy of the
close quarters of the ship. He had made several
good friends there, and he would have liked to carry some of the
relationships past mere friendship.  But he dared not, and it was
agonizing.
When
he reached Polk Street and realized what activity was to be found
there, his penis twitched in anticipation. He detached himself from
his buddies and walked alone, attracting comments and admiring
glances from the pretty male prostitutes. He abruptly turned into a
bar. He hadn't been in many gay bars before, but there was always
something about them that was recognizable. He strolled along the room,
glancing around, trying to locate anyone from his ship. Not finding
any mates, he relaxed and made his way to the gloom of the back,
looking for a friendly face.
He
stopped and bought a beer, then continued to the back, shifting his
glance from face to face, trying to make eye contact. The first solid
connection he made was with an attractive fellow leaning against the
back wall. The light was so bad that all Buddy could see at first was
the outline of his tall, lean body, the smile of his white teeth, and
the whites of his eyes--looking right at Buddy.
Buddy
approached the fellow, smiling in return, and, on closer inspection,
he found the man's appearance startling. He looked very much like
himself--sandy-blond hair, blue eyes, fair complexion. They were
even dressed alike. The man introduced himself as Jerry and pressed
Buddy's hand with a firm, confident grip. They warmed to each other
immediately and were soon chattering away about themselves. Buddy
revealed his status as being on temporary shore leave, and Jerry
stated that he both lived and worked in San Francisco.
Although
the conversation hummed contentedly, there was an undercurrent of
sexual excitement that began to build at a rapid rate. Finally, Jerry
stepped back into the corner and turned Buddy until his back was to
the room, effectively shielding them from view. Jerry reached out and
stroked the side of Buddy's face. Both men sighed and smiled. Then
Jerry reached down and stroked the bulge of Buddy's crotch, causing
Buddy's dick to uncoil. Buddy returned the favor by cupping Jerry's
crotch in his hand. Jerry's dick expanded, forcing Buddy's fingers
apart.
Buddy
stirred again in his sleep. By reflex, he grabbed the pillow at his
head and moved it down to his chest, hugging it to him. He flushed,
remembering the feeling of Jerry's crotch in his hand. As they
massaged each other, Buddy leaned forward and kissed Jerry. Jerry's
mouth opened to receive him and sucked his tongue inside. Both men
trembled and broke apart, gasping.
Jerry
unzipped Buddy's fly and snaked his fingers into the opening of his
briefs. He gasped with delight when he forced the thick, eight-inch
cock out into the open. He simply stared down at it for a moment,
then he cooed like a baby as he gently peeled the foreskin back,
revealing the juicy head.
Buddy
could barely stand the exhilarating sensation of having another man
touch his dick. He too, had to have a cock in his hands. He unzipped
Jerry's fly and hauled out the most stiff, seven-inch, uncut cock he
had ever seen.
Both
men almost passed out from the sensation of what they saw and felt.
For a few minutes they were content to gently manipulate each other.
They stared with mouths open, in wonder, at the beautiful sight of
two, huge, virile male cocks in full flower.
They
looked into each other's eyes simultaneously and smiled. They
continued to stare into identical blue pools as their spare hands
began to explore; a stroke here brought a sign; a caress there
brought an intake of breath. It was wonderful.
Jerry
leaned close to Buddy's ear and suggested that they go to a hotel and
continue their explorations. Buddy excitedly agreed. Breathing
heavily and grinning like school boys, they made themselves as
presentable as possible and walked down to Powell Street. When they
got to Geary, Jerry turned into the Saint Francis Hotel. He marched up to
the counter and asked for a room.
It
wasn't until they were in the elevator that the sight of the place
made an impact on Buddy. This was one fucking fancy hotel! And no one
had batted an eyelash when he and Jerry showed up at this time of
night with no luggage. Oh well, the price of a room in this joint
must also buy a certain amount of sophistication.
Jerry
let them into the room and on over to the window without turning on
the light. He pulled back the drape, exposing them to the
breathtaking sight of The City at night. He pulled Buddy into a close
embrace, and side by side, they savored the sight. Jerry turned, drew
Buddy close and left a trail of kisses from his lips, down his chin,
across the softness of his throat, to his ear. Softly he whispered,
"Welcome to San Francisco".
Buddy
sighed and reached for Jerry's crotch, but Jerry withdrew and stood
back at arms length. He said that he had somewhere to go, and asked
Buddy to make himself comfortable. Without acknowledging the hurt and
surprised look on Buddy's face, he turned and walked out the door.
The
slam of the door echoed in Buddy's head, shocking him awake.
He
raised his head and looked at the clock on the table. He had been
asleep for an hour. He started to wonder whether Jerry was coming
back, but his thoughts were overridden by the pressure in his groin. He
slowly rolled over on his back, revealing the head and first
two inches of his dick sticking out of the waistband of his shorts,
covering his bellybutton. He lifted himself up onto his elbows and
stared down the length of his chest to his cock. A shiver of delight
ran through his entire body, his nipples became erect, and a pearl of
clear fluid appeared at the opening of his fat dick. The head
enlarged measurably, forcing the foreskin to retract a little. He
could feel his balls contracting with excitement. As they moved
within his scrotum, the soft cotton of his briefs tickled his skin.
As
Buddy remembered the events of the evening, and viewed the sight of
his own excited body, his eyes glazed over with lust. He heaved
himself up and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  When his
feet hit the floor, he raised his tight butt up just far enough to
skin his shorts off. He kicked them aside and spread his legs wide,
drinking in the magnificent sight of his huge cock in full heat. It
was so hard and engorged with blood that he could actually see it
move with the pulse beat of his heart.
Slowly,
his hand moved to grasp his cock. He was so excited that he didn't
know what to expect when he touched it. Just as his fingers encircled
it, a key sounded in the lock and suddenly the harsh light from the
hall framed Jerry in the doorway. In spite of the blinding light
pouring into the room, Jerry looked radiant standing in the doorway,
smiling from ear to ear, holding a bouquet of flowers in one hand and
a small leather bag in the other.
His
smile faded when his eyes took in the naked image of Buddy seated on
the bed, legs spread wide, with his fist around his gigantic cock.
Jerry stepped inside the room, nudged the door closed, and laid the
flowers and bag on the desk, all without taking his eyes off of
Buddy. Moving like a robot, he shed his jacket, whipped his pullover
shirt over his head, stepped out of his shoes, and moved to kneel
between Buddy's outspread legs.
Buddy
had not moved; he still clasped his cock in his fist while tracking
Jerry's movements only with his eyes. When he had seen Jerry's smile
in the doorway, all thoughts of Jerry's abandoning him vanished, but
he still felt like his cock was going to explode. He smiled wanly as
Jerry knelt and reached for the prize.
When Jerry's fingertips touched him, Buddy's cock exploded thunderously,
striking Jerry's mouth and chin. It erupted six more times, splashing
Jerry's face, neck, chest, and arms. A silent scream was the only
sound that could escape Buddy's throat.
Both
men stared with lust-filled eyes. With a low-throated growl Jerry
wiped the cum from his lips and chin and sucked his fingers clean. He
licked the cum from his arms and then began wiping his chest and
licking his fingers greedily. Suddenly, he stopped, looked at Buddy
and leaned forward, moving his cum-covered right nipple within inches
of Buddy's face.
Buddy
had never tasted cum, much less his own. But he was so filled
with lust that this thought never entered his mind. He leaned forward
to meet the object of his desire and extended his tongue tentatively.
He flicked the drops of cum off the nipple and swallowed. Somewhere
his mind registered that it tasted sweet, but animal desire overtook
him and he roughly pulled Jerry toward the bed, rolling him over.
He
straddled Jerry's legs and fell to lapping his own essence. He licked,
lapped, and sucked Jerry's chest clean of the milky liquid. Panting
with desire he moved forward until his dick, still hard and dripping
with cum, was in reach of Jerry's lips. He aimed his spear at Jerry's
mouth and drove about six inches of it home.
Jerry's
reacted like a madman. He grabbed a handful of Buddy's buns in each
hand and massaged them fiercely while he lapped and sucked on Buddy's
rock-hard dick. Buddy began to piston his cock in and out of Jerry's
mouth in very fast, short strokes. Just as Jerry was beginning to
fight for air, Buddy withdrew all but the tip. Jerry sucked in a lung
full of air, and Buddy plunged in to the hilt and shot another wad of
cum straight down Jerry's throat.
What
seemed like minutes later, they rolled over on to their sides to
catch their breath. When they had recovered, Buddy motioned for Jerry
to stand beside the bed. Buddy sat on the edge of the bed and
unfastened Jerry's pants, letting them fall to the floor. Jerry
stepped out of them and stood there in all of his glory. This was the
sight Buddy had been wanting to see: Jerry's steel-hard prick
standing in relief behind the soft, white cotton of his briefs. Buddy
moaned softly with delight and leaned forward until his cheek touched
the fabric hiding his desire. He moaned once again as he began to
slowly rub every inch of his face, from his hairline to his chin
against this wonderfully hard object. Finally he delicately lowered
the briefs, exposing, for his view and pleasure, what he had longed
for since first seeing it in the bar.
For
one awful moment he was so excited that he couldn't think of what to
do next. He decided to worship it. It was so close to his face that
he could feel its radiated heat. He could also smell that distinctly
masculine aroma that he longed for. This was heaven!  He stroked the
beautiful object lightly with his finger tips. He pulled the thin
sheath of foreskin back until the head was fully exposed. Holding the
cock at the base with one hand, he tickled and fondled the balls with
the other. When his desire for the cock was about to burst, he leaned
forward and took it in his mouth, licking, lapping, sucking, and
swirling his tongue around the head. It's taste satisfied a burning,
but long-buried longing within his soul. He sighed and plunged the
whole dick into his mouth.
Without
warning, Jerry groaned and took his turn shooting his load. Buddy
could feel the lumps and spurts of cum traveling up the tube of the
dick, rocketing into the back of his throat. He clasped Jerry's hips
in a tight embrace, holding this lovely prize to him. Buddy swirled
the cum around in his mouth, savoring the taste, then swallowed with
satisfaction. With reluctance, he released his lover and drew Jerry onto the bed again. They lay quietly, side by side, with
their eyes closed, until their breathing returned to normal. Then
they began to touch and stroke every part of the other's body within
arms reach. Eventually they were both hard again.
Buddy
turned and positioned himself until their cocks were at mouth-level
of each other. So, they began to quietly perform sixty-nine, like two
small boys nursing mother's milk.
About
fifteen minutes later, their nursing became more agitated, until it
became frantic. While they sucked at breakneck speed, their hands
were busy pinching nipples and crushing balls. Jerry worked his hand
between Buddy's legs, plunging his middle finger into the crack of
Buddy's buttocks, then on to violate his ass. Jerry frigged the ass
furiously, then crooked his finger and began to massage Buddy's
prostate. Buddy let out a squeal and shot his load. Jerry was only
ten seconds behind in delivering another load down Buddy's throat.
They
licked the dicks clean, smacked their lips, curled up in each other's
arms, and entered a long, slow, soul kiss. Finally, Buddy summoned
the courage to ask where Jerry had gone when they checked into the
room. Jerry said that since this was Friday, and Buddy's first trip
to San Francisco, he wanted to spend the weekend showing Buddy The
City. So he went home to get his shaving kit.  Then Jerry smiled
wickedly, and, pointing to the window, told Buddy that any time he
felt like seeing the city he could look there. With that, he rolled
Buddy over on his stomach and told him he was about to get fucked. As
he plunged into Buddy's ass, he stretched out over his body and began
to nibble at Buddy's ear. He whispered softly that he would drive
Buddy back to the ship early Monday morning.
Buddy
closed his eyes, sighed, smiled, and relaxed. He was going to enjoy
seeing San Francisco this way.
The End
Thanks for reading. If
you enjoyed this story (or not), tell me about it at
jer@jerryleckie.com
. I
appreciate constructive criticism, and I ignore flames. Please place
the name of the story in the subject line of your e-mail.
You can read more of my writing at
http://www.jerryleckie.com
. There, you will find stories that you will
enjoy in a variety of categories: adult, celebrity, college, high school, incest, young friends, science fiction and
bisexual.