Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 26 Jun 2021 20:21:28 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 9 (gay/incest/military)

MARINE FAMILY Part 9

A lot of y'all been asking about how me and my twin brother Troy and our
daddy Jake all got started sucking and fucking. So this is just some
random shit from when we was just about to turn 11. I remember it real
good because that's when I started making my nut, got my "man balls"
like Jake says. Just wanted to give y'all an idea what it was like when
we was growing up. I know it ain't for everybody, some of y'all
probably don't wanna hear about us fucking around at that age. But it's
the way it was and I'm fucking glad as hell Jake raised us like he did.
Anyway...thanks again to my Marine Corps buddy Z for looking it over for
me and correcting all my dumbass mistakes, or most of `em anyway,
hahaha. Hope y'all like it. AND SUPPORT NIFTY! THEY DESERVE IT! THANKS
NIFTY FOR POSTING MY STORY!!

MORNING FUCK

Ok, like I said me and Troy was almost 11. We was living off base in this
shitty little house with Jake and our mama. They was just 13 when Jake
fucked her and got her knocked up with me and Troy. They didn't live
together for a few years. But after Jake became a Marine they finally got
this little house and all four of us was together for a few years. I
mean, they fought a lot and mainly because Jake was always getting side
pussy and cheating like hell on her. But when they wasn't fighting they
was all horny for each other.

I can't blame either one. Mama was a fucking slut, still is, but she was
hot as goddam hell. Beautiful tits and ass, long blond hair, always
dressing like a slut for Jake. And Jake was and is goddam hot, like I
told you a little before. Was big time into bodybuilding and has an
awesome fucking body that he got pumped up good and solid with weights
and a little "help". But he didn't use roids very much after he got
all them muscles solid and perfect like he wanted. A goddam fucking god,
big fucking pecs and arms and back, hot tight ass, thick muscle on his
legs, and them abs like they was carved outa stone or something.

Always wore his black hair in a high and tight, and he got them bright
blue eyes and thick brows and lashes that make the chicks get all wet in
their pussy for him. And he loved showing all that shit off. Went around
naked as fuck almost all the time at the house, even though mama would
yell at him to put some clothes on, haha. He didn't give a fuck though.
Thought bitches should keep their mouth shut and their cunt open. That
was his way of looking at it anyhow.

So one morning, during the summer vacation, me and Troy is sitting at the
little table in the kitchen eating breakfast, wearing just our shorts
cause mama wouldn't let us go around balls naked like our daddy. Mama's
fucking around with the dishes or whatever and Jake was out in the garage
working out. We could hear the heavy metal blasting out there.

Pretty soon the door opens and in comes Jake, naked as usual, looking all
sweaty and red from his workout, his cock out half hard. I was staring at
it and them big low hanging balls of his, and that fucking sexy cock bush
he kept all trimmed up neat like a little square patch of black hair over
his cock. Mama don't pay him any mind at first but then sees he's got
his fucking cock hanging out and half boned.

"Oh for gods sake, Jake, get some fucking clothes on," she said, not
really pissed but pretending like it. (I don't remember exactly
everything that was said. Just doing my best to remember.) She turned
away and was fucking around with something in the fridge. And she was
just wearing this kinda bra top and a little skirt, don't think she even
had no fucking panties on.

Jake looks over at us and winks with this big white toothed smile. "Them
boys seen my cock before, ain't you, you little fuckers?" He talked to
us like that. Like we was his Marine buddies or something.

"That ain't the point, Jake" mama said, still with her back to him,
fiddling with food in the fridge.

Jake gets up real close to her and we can't see it but he slips a finger
under her skirt and gets in her pussy. She lets out this funny high
pitched little yelp. "Oh my god! What the hell, man?"

"I wanna fuck," Jake says leaning in close to her ear. Not all that
loud but loud enough we could hear him.

"Oh my god" mama looks back at us, like she fucking cares that we think
she's a slut. Jake ain't moving his hand. Fuck that, he's getting even
more into it, looks like he's grinding his cock on her ass.

That's when Troy blurts out "He's got his finger in her pussy!" and
he laughs. He always been like that, just fucking says or does whatever
if he feels like it.

I laugh too, and so does Jake, looking over at us and smiling real
bright. "It's called finger fucking," I tell Troy.

Mama gets away from Jake and comes over by the table. "Who taught you to
talk like that?!" Seems like she's really mad. Jake's back over by the
fridge, half hid by the counter but pretty obvious that he's stroking
his cock. He's just smiling, loving it.

"That's what Daddy calls it" I said, trying to pretend like it was no
big deal. Jake comes walking over, his big cock hard as fuck and just
swingin out in front of him. He ignores us and grabs mama again by the
arms, leaning in to kiss her neck. "I wanna fuck right now, baby."

Mama just does another one of her "oh my god" things, rolling her eyes
but letting him stick his finger in her cunt again. "Come on, you big
dumb animal." She goes around the corner to the bedroom and Jake follows
her with his cock straight out in front of him. But he gives us boys a
big wink and a smile as he's walking and then makes that fucking
gesture, one finger poking in and out of the other hand's fist-hole.
"Get in here, Jake!" mama yells, not liking him goofing around with us
when he's horny like that.

Just so you can kinda picture it, that house was real small. When you
came in the door you were in the living room. Their bedroom was a door on
the left. And ours was off to the right down this short hall. Right in
back of the living room was the table where we was sitting and the
kitchen. That was pretty much it. Like a said, a shitty little house.

"You boys watch cartoons or some shit," Jake said as he went in the
bedroom. When the door closed we heard him say, "Give me that fucking
pussy, woman!" and mama shushes him but kinda laughing too.

So me and Troy sit down on the couch there not very far from their
bedroom door and watch some shit, I think it was anime, which is kinda
fucking embarrassing but that's what we were into back then. We can hear
Jake and mama fucking hard. I mean, them walls weren't thick and they
were loud as fuck, especially Jake. And like I said, he didn't give a
fuck if we heard `em. He figured boys wanna know all about fucking, so
you might as well let `em learn when they old enough. We heard `em
fucking like all the fucking time, late at night, in the morning,
whenever the fuck.

Me and Troy both are smiling and laughing a little, not even trying to
watch the shit on TV, cause Jake is louder even than mama, just saying
shit like "Fuck that pussy!" when he wasn't just grunting loud like a
goddam animal. Mama was pretty goddam loud too. But she just said "Oh my
god" over and over.

They get real loud like always and then it gets quiet. So Troy and me act
like we're really into the show we're watching. But pretty quick the
door opens and here comes Jake, still naked as fuck, a cigarette in his
mouth. I look at him real quick, smile a little, just to get a look at
his body. He's staring real serious like at the anime on the TV and goes
"What the fuck is this shit?" He wasn't mad or nothing, just the way
he talks.

Troy is looking at Jake--he loved staring at his muscles and cock as much
as me. But he starts laughing. "What's that on your dick, daddy?"

Jake don't look at him, handsome motherfucker just got a little smile
while he's staring at the TV. "It's a fucking rubber full of my
fucking cum." That's when I turn around to get a look. Sure enough,
he's still bone hard, big cock sticking straight out. And halfway down
the shaft there's a rubber alright, the end of its' hanging down a good
couple inches full of all this jizz. Motherfucker's proud of all the cum
he makes, he told me that later. Said a man should be proud of his fuck
seed, cause that's what makes him a man, or some shit like that.

Troy just laughs. "It's fucking gross" he says, trying to talk like
Jake.

"It ain't fucking gross, boy" Jake says laughing a little now.
"That's where you two knuckleheads came from. Straight from my goddam
balls into yer mama's pussy. Nine months later you two fuckers popped
out." That made us both laugh.

Troy made some kind of "yuck" sound or whatever. But I was like "It
ain't gross, dumbass." I was always trying to be like fucking Jake.
Besides I was pretty fucking hard in my shorts now.

Jake gets this evil smile, cigarette sticking up from his mouth and goes,
"You think that's gross huh, honey? How bout this then, motherfucker?"
He pulls it off, holding it up by his face, this big ol load of cum
stretching it down pretty good. Starts walking over to us, big hard cock
swinging from side to side, straddles Troy with his knees on the couch,
laughing and holding Troy down with one hand.

"How bout I make you eat it, boy?" he's laughing along with Troy and
me. Troy's squirming but ain't no fucking match for all them muscles.
He just shouts "Gross! Fuck! Help me, Bo!" So I kinda pounce on Jake's
thigh, holding on tight. And I can feel his balls on my forearm. That's
when Jake lets go his rubber, guess it landed on the floor. Then he grabs
me around the neck and Troy too.

"You gonna wrestle with the Big Dog, boy? You fuckers goin down!" And
it's just a big fucking wrestling match right there on the couch, all
three of us. Was so goddam hot getting to feel his ass and his cock when
Jake pushed me down and lay on me, with Troy grabbing onto him from
behind with his arms around his neck. Fucking cigarette finally fell out
and almost fucking burned me, not that Jake gave a shit.

I don't know what I was doing, trying to wrestle him but he had me
pinned down even with Troy Boy clinging onto him. But that big fucker
hard on was on my stomach and I fucking know he felt my dick all hard in
my shorts. Troy was still laughing but him and me wasn't.

Anyway, that's when mama got done in the bathroom or whatever she was
doing and comes into the living room. "Jake, for god's sake, get some
fucking clothes on and leave them boys alone! For fuck's sake." She was
pissed all of a sudden. Pretty sure she was jealous of how much fun we
had together, cause we sure as fuck didn't have no fun when she was
around. Like I said, she was usually a bitch when Jake wasn't fucking
her.

So that was the end of it. Jake looked a little pissed or whatever but he
got up from the couch and stomped off into their bedroom. But what was
fucking hot and why I remember this so good is cause he gave me this
little wink when we got up. And I fucking know it was cause he felt how
hard I was, and like something else, like he knew how much I liked
feeling his cock humping on me.

BATHROOM

So the next morning when I went into the living room after I woke up to
go get some water, there was Jake all sprawled out naked on the couch,
breathing kinda loud, almost snoring. I guess him and mama's fight got
worse. We heard `em yelling in their bedroom that night. It was kinda
happening more and more back then. I went back to me and Troy's bathroom
to take a piss and thought I heard Jake moving around. So I wasn't all
that surprised when he come into our bathroom. He was probably trying to
avoid mama, I'm pretty sure.

I'm standing at the sink washing my hands and the door opens. Jake comes
in with a towel over his shoulder, still full on balls naked. I was too
cause me and Troy always did what Jake did, and that motherfucker sleeps
naked, so we did too.

So I look in the mirror when I hear the door open and I see him looking
straight into my eyes in the mirror. "What's up?" is all he says,
voice all rough and deep from just waking up. I get a quick look at his
cock in the mirror and hope he ain't see me do it, but I think he fuckin
did. Had this little smirk on his lips anyway.

"Morning" I mumble back to him, kinda watching him outa the corner of
my eye. He goes to the toilet, stands with his legs far apart like usual,
holds his cock with one hand and starts pissing. "Goddam that feels
good" he says to himself.

That happened a lot, I mean him coming in to use our toilet even when we
was in there. It's what happened after that was a first. It's like he
was getting a lot more up front with me now that him and mama was
fighting so much. Also I think it's cause I was hitting puberty, already
had some fuzzy black hair over my dick but wasn't really making cum yet.
Jake told me that him, and Randy too, hit puberty early. So I guess it
runs in the family.

"Dick's getting pretty goddam big, Bo," he says just looking down
where he's pissing. I say like "thanks" kinda shy like. "You making
cum yet?" I'm like "No sir" and trying not to giggle or act like a
stupid kid. "Won't be long" he says. He's done with his piss, stands
there for a bit with his hand around the base of his cock shaking the
drops off.

Then he looks over at me and almost smiles. "Gonna have a big fucker
like yer daddy." I smiled I think, took a quick look at his cock, it was
half hard now. And it looked fucking huge right then. There was something
about the way he was talking and looking at me that got me boning up,
like so hard it almost hurt. So I stood even closer to the sink, hoping
he wouldn't notice. Not sure why I was being so goddam shy around him. I
mean I didn't know why back then, I sure as fuck do now.

So Jake's putting the towel up, getting the water going and shit, maybe
not meaning to but really showing off his awesome muscles. And I keep
sneaking looks at his balls and cocks between his legs while he's moving
around. He's talking to me, not looking at me. I think he was trying to
sound all casual, you know, but wasn't really all casual like.

"You and Honey suck each other off last night?" That was something he
taught us about when he found out we were jacking off. I was like seven
when I started playing with my dick. I don't know if that's normal or
what, but me and Troy both liked playing with ourself until we felt that
real good feeling. So Jake taught us about sucking dick without touching
us or nothing like that. Just told us how to do it.

I answered him, trying to sound casual like him. "Yessir, sixty nine."

"Fuck yeah" he grunted. "Thought I heard you two fuckers in there.
Honey suck good dick?"

"Yessir."

"Fuck yeah." He grunted it again. "Oughta be tappin that pussy." He
looks over his shoulder and smiles at me while he's stepping into the
shower. I'm like "Huh?" He just smiles and winks. "Fucking forget
it."

He starts lathering up, leaves the sliding door on the tub open. I'm
still at the sink pretending like I'm gonna brush my teeth or some shit.
"Hey" Jake says, and he's standing in the open shower door, big cock
all the way hard now. No sir, Jake never been cock shy, that's for
goddam shy. "Come over here a minute, boy."

I kinda gulp knowing that he's gonna see my hard on. But I do what he
says and walk over closer. Jake gives me this big smile and goes,
"Goddam, yer hard as fuck, ain't you Bo?" And holy fuck, he reaches
out and gives me a quick tug right on my cockhead. "Get on in here,
motherfucker. We're gonna take care of these hard on's like fucking
men."

Well, that was all I fucking needed to hear. I just went with it.
Something about Jake's easygoing way, just made me want to go with
whatever he said and fuck everything else. I climb on in there with him,
he hands me some soap. "Lather that goddam fist up, let's jack these
motherfucking dicks. Yer goddam old enough now." I didn't know then
that when he was my age he'd already been fucked. So he didn't give a
shit about `legal age' and all that bullshit, just knew when boys was
ready, if you know what I mean.

And just so you know, I wasn't some skinny, stupid kid. All them sports
and working as much as we could at that age, I was lean as fuck. Had a
good ass already and even some good pump and definition in my arms and
chest. And like I already said, my cock was getting big and looking like
a man's cock.

Jake and me is only like a few inches apart in that little shower tub.
And I can almost feel the heat from them muscles, getting all pumped up
with blood cause he's so excited. But mainly I'm staring at his cock
while he's jacking it. Fucking loved watching his cockhead getting
covered up and then coming out again cause of his foreskin. (Me and Troy
had our skins cut, cause mama's parents paid for everything when we was
born and they wanted us cut. Another fucking thing I hate about them
folks. That's another story though.)

"Go ahead and grab onto it, boy" Jake tells me, seeing what I'm
staring at. It feels so fucking big in my hand, and so goddam hot and
hard. I wanted to put my mouth on it, I was so fucking horny. "Jack that
goddam cock, Bo." He's just talking soft so nobody hears but fuck, he
might as well been yelling it. It got me so hot.

"Goddam yer fucking hard!" he said right as he reached toward my crotch
and got a hold of my dick. He clamped down hard and stroked me so fucking
good. I know I grunted or groaned or something. And fuck, that made me
grip his just as hard and stroke him all the way down. "Oh fuck" I
think we both said. I'd been wanting to do this for so goddam long and
didn't even know it. But Jake sure fucking knew.

I didn't fucking last long, that's for goddam sure. It hit me real
quick. I let go his cock and kinda doubled over a little. Then felt that
fucking awesome feeling of being right there on the edge, ready to cum.
And then I just let go, Jake stroking my dick fast the whole goddam time.
I couldn't fucking believe it. Wasn't just clear "cum" this time,
there was real fucking sperm in there, looked kinda white even. "Fucking
A, Bo! Shoot that goddam cum, stud!" Jake was smiling but with this
super horny look on his face, jacking me hard, me groaning and cussing
til I shot every last fucking drop.

He let go of me and started fucking his hand real hard, his other hand up
under his balls. Didn't know that was how he jacked off. I was just
staring at him the whole time, watching the big muscled up mothefucker
giving hisself cock pleasure. His groan was way deeper and louder than
mine when he started cumming.

Typical Jake, he didn't give a fuck where his cum was landing, he just
fucking let go and pumped out like eight or nine shots. Yeah, I fucking
counted em. Some of it hit me on my abs, some on my thigh. All I could
think about was, I wonder what it tastes like. Goddam I was a horny
little fuck!

He stops cumming and sorta falls back against the wall with a heavy thud,
smiling and still slow stroking his cock. Neither one of us went soft.
Another thing I got from him, I stay hard as fuck after I cum. He looks
down at me with all the water hitting us both and gives me a smile,
feeling good. "Don't tell yer fucking mama bout none of this.
Understand, boy? This is something between us men. You can tell Honey but
that's it."

I said "yessir" and climbed out so he could finish his shower. And you
probably can guess that all I could think about for fucking days was Jake
and his awesome cock. I imagined it was his cock I was sucking when me
and Troy were 69'ing, and it was him sucking my dick instead of Troy
Boy. Fuck yeah, he was def in my goddam head from then on.

LATE NIGHT

Things got a lot worse after that with our parents. Big fucking fights
like almost every day. Mama finally walked out on him, went back to her
goddam parents. Took fucking Troy with her, just to be a bitch, cause she
knew that would piss me and Jake the fuck off. Don't worry, though. Jake
was such a dick to her until she finally was like, "Fine! Whatever."
But it took a couple months, so we only saw each other at school. (This
all happened right at the end of summer vacation.)

Anyway, for a while there it ended up being just me and Jake at the
house. I had a hard time sleeping without Troy around and would wake up
sometimes late at night. And I never fucking wake up like that once I hit
the rack. For some reason or other, I just couldn't fucking fall back
asleep this one time about a week or so after mama took off with Troy
Boy.

So I went through the house. Tried to be real quiet and looked into
Jake's room but couldn't even hear him breathing. Thought I heard
something through the wall, like coming from the garage. Went into the
kitchen and could definitely hear like a vid or something coming from
there. I opened the door all cautious like and it was pretty fucking dark
in the garage.

Then over in the corner by the weight bench I see this dim light coming
from a laptop. Jake's got it on the end of the bench and he's sitting
there fucking naked as usual sitting in one of them fold out camping
chairs. Them big muscle legs is spread wide and his cock is sticking
almost straight up. Whatever he's watching he's jacking his dick pretty
steady. Cigarette in one hand, fisting his cock with the other, like a
goddam champ.

He looks over when I say "Jake?" Gives me one of them handsome,
arrogant looking smiles. "Come on over here, boy." He don't let up on
his cock stroking and squat down beside him.

"Having trouble sleeping?" I said yes. "Me too."

"What you watching, Jake?" Maybe I said it already, but he likes for us
to call him Jake when mama ain't around.

"Watching this muscle boy fuck the other one in his pussy."

I was already hard as fuck like usual seeing Jake with his dick up like
that. I laughed though a little. "His what?"

Jake looks over at me as he passes me this pump bottle of lube he was
using. "His fucking pussy. This thing, boy!" And cause he was feeling
extra horny I guess, he scoots down real low in that chair, spreads his
goddam legs even farther apart, hikes one foot up and shows me his
asshole, even put his fucking finger on it. "Yer asshole. It's a
fucking pussy when it's got cock in it."

"That's kinda gross, ain't it?" I didn't know what to think.

"That freakin' you out, boy?" He gives me this look, like maybe he
gone too far.

"Fuck no." It just slipped out. That made him laugh a little. "Fuck
no" he repeated. "I like that. Talking like a goddam man. That's how I
wanna hear you and Troy talking, Bo."

I couldn't help smiling real big. "But ain't you worried about getting
shit on it?"

He laughed again. "Fuck no, motherfucker. You gotta douche that fucking
thing, pump it full of water, shit that water out and get it fucking
clean, ready for fucking."

All of a sudden it just kinda hit me. I was thinking, Fuck yeah, that's
fucking hot. Men piss out their fucksticks, why not shit out yer pussy?
Sounds stupid now, I know, but that's how I kinda figured it back then.

It was getting me real hot watchin Jake go back to jacking himself and
rubbing his finger on his pussy. He was watching the screen though, where
them two goodlooking muscle boys were licking on each other's fuckholes.
"Goddam that's hot, lick them fucking pussies," he was pretty fired up
himself.

I was about ready to bust my nut and had only been out there like five
minutes, but goddam, Jake could get me so fucking horny in no time flat.
And there he was like two feet away from me, dropped his cigarette,
stroking his big long cock all the way from the head to his balls and
wasn't just touching on his pussy no more but had the fingertip in
there. He was groaning deep and growl like too.

On the vid, them two jocks were fucking now, barebacking and it was the
first fuckin time I ever seen that. That big cock going in that tight
asshole was like the hottest fucking thing I'd ever seen. I had to stand
up so I could jerk myself better. That's when Jake got this wild kinda
look on his face, will never forget it. He reaches out with his left hand
quick as fuck, grabs my wrist and pulls me over to him.

"Get the fuck over here, boy!" He's like some kind of fucking animal,
like outa control or something. I think it's cause he knew I was so
fucking horny for him and would do whatever he wanted. He moved me so
I'm right between his legs, facing away from him. "Now stick that
goddam ass out." I do just what he wants, trying to stick my ass back as
far as I could, probably looking like a fucking whore doing it. "Now
squat the fuck down."

I'm like half sitting, half squatting, and he pulls me back so I'm
tight up against him. His goddam cock is right between my fucking ass
cheeks. "Rub that cock with yer ass, Bo! Hump that motherfucker!"

He was almost yelling. He didn't need to though. It was like instinct or
something. My fucking ass and hips knew what to do without me even
thinking about it. I wanted to feel his cock on me, feel it rubbin on my
ass split. So I was moving my ass at the same time as he was groaning
loud, shouting "Goddam" and "Fuck" over and over, holding me tight
around the waist.

Then I started cumming without even touching myself, my whole goddam body
jerking along with every blast from my nuts. Only by now it was real cum,
none of that watery fucking shit. It felt so goddam good with everything
going on, feeling his body on mine, that hot piece of cock meat rubbing
me so hard back there. I made this high pitched moan or yell, like
nothing I'd ever done before.

Jake made almost the exact kind of groan, high pitched but not as high as
mine. His voice was always so deep and rough from all the yelling in the
Corps, it was so fucking hot hearing this high kinda pitch, just real
loud, not even words. Both them thick muscle arms wrapped around my rib
cage, he held me so fucking tight it almost hurt and was like driving his
cock against my ass and back. Just using my body to get his nut out.

He moves a hand down to my dick and wraps around it, stroking me a little
while he finishes cumming. "Oh fuck...oh fuck...you goddam
motherfucker..." He repeats shit like that over and over, just feeling
good. He even kisses the back of my neck a couple times and runs his
hands up and down my body. I got so much cum on my ass and ass crack, it
felt like somebody spilled water on me. I was thinking he wanted me to
get off him so he could clean up, but he didn't wanna let go, just held
me tight for like another five minutes.

When he was finally done, I got up, dick still fucking hard. He was hot
as fuck, half laying in that chair, covered in sweat and some of his cum,
big cock hard and flat against his abs, lazy kinda smile on his face. I
remembered what he said about talking like a man, so I just came out with
what I was thinking. "I thought you was gonna fuck my pussy there for a
minute."

It didn't fuckin faze him at all. He just smiled, reaching down to get
his cigarettes. "One day, boy. You ain't ready to get fucked by a grown
man yet. Better to start out with Honey. Get you two knuckleheads fucking
each other first."

He told me to go to bed, which I did of course, I mean Jake's the Boss.
But I sure as fuck jacked off before I fell asleep and jacked off again
in the morning. I wasn't gonna forget that night, that's for fucking
sure.

THE *REAL* MARINE CORPS

During all this time when me and Troy was apart like I was telling
y'all, Jake was going through one of his "hate women" phases. Was
always calling `em "cunts" and "bitches" and like that. He had a lot
of his Marine buddies come over, mainly to just shoot the shit or watch a
game and drink beer. They was all pretty good to me and didn't care if I
hung out around `em. There was one in particular who was always real
friendly. I'm going to call him Sergeant Storm. (In real life, he had a
badass name just like that but it wasn't "Storm".)

So SGT Storm was a big dude like Jake. Big frame and lots of good muscle
on it. Him and Jake were workout buddies a lot of the time and pushed
each other. I think they were pretty goddam close from what I can tell.
Like, if Jake was stripped down to his shorts or a jock strap, Storm
would match him. "Just gettin' comfortable," he'd say. He liked
showing off his body, that's for goddam sure, just like motherfucking
Jake.

He had these real defined features on his face, like a real strong
jawline, good nose, really pretty eyes, kinda dark and set back. But they
was this weird pale gray that was kinda hot, not gonna lie. Kept his hair
in a high and tight like Jake, but he wasn't black haired, he was this
kinda reddish brown hair, what you could see of it. And had the perfect
head for a high and tight, skull shape, neck size and all that.

He never did nothing weird with me. I mean, he told me I was goodlookin
like my daddy and starting to put on some good muscle. He'd feel `em a
little and tell me I was making good progress, shit like that. But
nothing weird like. He was the second dude though that would make me get
a hard on just looking at him, and I'd jack off thinking about him
sometimes. I thought it was just normal for boys to do that with grown
men they look up to.

After about a couple weeks of him visiting ever now and then, there was
this one Saturday night where him and Jake were just hanging out, the two
of `em. Jake was fucking naked as fuck cause he'd been working out
before Storm came over. Didn't bother Storm none. Like I've probably
said before, Marines are use to being naked around each other. Still,
Storm had on these running shorts and kept `em hiked down pretty low. I
mean low enough I could see his cockbush a little.

They let me hang out with `em the whole time. We was watching some
dumbass movie, I think it was one of them Lord of the Rings. I remember
Jake and Storm calling everybody in it a "faggot" or an "asshole" and
laughing it up a lot. They was getting kinda drunk. But after it was
over, Jake just tells me it's time for bed, and tells me to go to my
room and just stay there even if I wake up. That was kinda weird, I
thought. He never says shit like that. I get up kinda slow, rolling my
eyes until Jake reaches over from the couch where he's sitting with
Storm and slaps my ass pretty hard. It made me jump. "Get the fuck to
bed, motherfucker." Him and Storm laugh.

You can imagine I was dragging my feet going back to our bedroom. Kids is
naturally curious about what grown ups are getting up to, and I wasn't
no different. I could swear I heard Storm say something like, "God, yer
so fucking hot" and then Jake say "Suck it."

I was afraid of disobeying Jake though and just got into bed, laid there
naked stroking my dick, my mind going crazy thinking about the two of
them. I was sure they was watching some porno together and Jake just
didn't want his buddy knowing that him and me watched fuck vids together
sometimes. Honest y'all, I tried to go to sleep, but even cumming
didn't help. So after like a hour, seemed like a hour anyway, I was
like, Fuck it, I'm going back. I thought if I had some dumbass excuse
like I needed a glass of water, Jake wouldn't be pissed. So I get up,
dick's sticking out again. I go down the hall real slow so they won't
hear me. I think I'm being real stealthy like, peeking around the
corner. And goddamit, they ain't there.

So I'm standing in the goddam living room with my dick hard as fuck and
nothing going on. Then I hear it. It sounds like Jake's workout music
coming from the garage. Now I'm really curious. Like, are they working
out this late at night? What the fuck? I ain't even scared of making
Jake mad no more. I just fucking open the door to the garage.

The lights are all on. The music's going, not too loud though. And there
at the weight bench is fucking Jake and Storm. Storm got his chest and
head flat on that bench but his feet on the floor, pushing with his legs
to make his ass stick up in back. Jake's straddling the bench, his big
arms slung down easy by his side, looking down at Storm, watching his
cock slide in and out of his jarhead buddy.

Seeing those two beautiful muscle bodies fucking like that, the overhead
light making `em look even more jacked, I got real hard real fast, and
even let out this kind of sound. Not sure how to describe it, but it was
louder then I wanted. They both look over at me, Jake still fucking and
pounding that ass.

This is one of those times when I remember almost every fucking word that
was said.

Storm goes, "Looks like we got company, Jake." He's smiling, not
giving shit one that I caught `em homofucking. Jake just grunts,
"Yeah."

"Couldn't stay away, huh boy?" Jake says to me kinda loud, but not
pissed. "Well, get yer fuckin ass over here and watch me fuck this
bitch."

I walked over kinda slow and hesitating like. But they didn't do or say
nothing to stop me. Storm was even smiling real broad and putting on a
little show, moving his ass real nasty like while Jake was dicking him
hard.

"Get over here. Yer so goddam interested, you might as well see it all,
Bo." He slams his body down on Storm's and gets his arms under Storm's
armpits and hauls him up, just like he did with SGT Kyle M. (If y'all
read part 1, you can probably see that this is where Jake got the idea of
surprising Kyle by me walking in on `em.)

So now he got Storm in a full nelson and had his cock all the way up him,
it looked like. "You wanna see what a fuckin homo this badass
motherfucker is, Bo?" Jake shouted, laughing at the same time. "Look at
his cock! Hard as ... fuck!" He laughed again. Sure as fuck, Storm's
cock was jutting up straight and hard. "Go ahead and touch it, Bo. Give
this faggot a little thrill." I sure as hell didn't think of SGT Storm
as being a faggot, big badass motherfucker like Jake said. But I was
learning. Marines talk the nastiest fucking shit to each other.

I did. Grabbed it pretty hard and stroked like I done Jake's earlier.
Storm just said, "Goddam! Fuck!"

"You like that, bitch? You like boys playing with yer cock, you dirty
fucker?" I never saw this side of Jake before, all this fuckin Alpha
Male fuck energy. Storm seemed to love it, he wasn't talking back or
nothing.

I didn't get to jack on him too long though, cause Jake just suddenly
let him go and used a hand to push him back down, face pressed against
the bench pad. "Get back here, Bo," Jake tells me. "Wanna show you his
pussy."

I move over to Jake, trying not to jack my dick. I didn't wanna cum yet.
Jake hauls his big cock out of Storm, gets his hands on his ass cheeks to
spread `em apart. And I saw it, that perfectly shaved round little
fuckhole, gaping a little bit from that thick fuck on Jake. "That's a
man pussy, boy!" Jake says real loud. Then he gives Storm a hard slap on
the ass. "That make yer dick hard, Bo?"

"Yessir."

"Fucking right it does. You a goddam man like yer daddy, ain't you?"

I was smiling, loving all this. "Fuck yeah!" Jake laughs. "Fuck
yeah!" He scoots back a little, hands still on Storm's ass cheeks and
goes, "Watch this."

And goddam if he don't stick his tongue way out and lick right over that
fucking hole. Then he sticks it in. Fucks him with his goddam tongue!
Storm shouts, "Goddam motherfucker!" I was ready to fuckin nut right
then, but Jake stands up, straddling the bench. "You wanna taste it? See
what man pussy tastes like?"

To be honest, I wasn't even thinkin of doing that, but Jake got this way
with me. I just wanted to do whatever he wanted, wanted to go along with
all this fucking shit. It was so goddam hot to me. So I leaned over and
licked the same way I seen Jake do. My first taste of man cunt. It was
kinda weird but hot too. Storm was swearing his head off. "Oh you
fucking fuck! Jesus fucking Christ, boy!" So I tried to push my tongue
in like Jake done. That was fucking weird, and it made me even hornier
then I was already.

Jake's standing there watching, his big cock hard as ever, just sticking
up proud between them thick, muscular thighs, big balls swinging
underneath. Goddam he's something to see when his blood's up.

He's smiling real broad at me when I look up at him. "You wanna fuck
this bitch?" I can't fucking believe it. Jake ain't kidding though,
even if he's smiling. Storm's looking back at us and goes, "Go for it,
Bo. I don't fucking care."

Jake slaps his ass again. "We know you don't fucking care, you goddam
slut bitch!" He laughs. I start laughing with him. It's like Jake's
making me his buddy. He asks me again. I just blurt out, "Fuck yeah!"
They both laugh.

"Fuck his pussy, Bo! Fuck this bitch!" He steps aside and I take his
place, but Storm's ass is too high. Jake gives him a slap. "Get that
goddam ass down, bitch." He does it, real fast, no hesitation when
Jake's giving orders. It was so fucking hot how my cock just slid right
in there. I know I groaned real loud. Felt so goddam good. It was like I
knew I was gonna be fucking boypussy as much as I could after that.

I think I lasted like four strokes maybe, and then I started cumming
hard. It's hot how yer male instinct just takes over, and you just know
how to fuck without being told. That's what happened to me anyway, my
hips were making that fucking motion without me even trying, and when I
came I slammed all the way into him and just did little short fuck
thrusts to get all my cum out.

I think I caught Jake by surprise, cumming so fast like that. He was all
like, "Fuck, you cumming already? Fuck yeah, Bo, fucking fill that
motherfucker with jizz! Yeah, fill that fucking whore the fuck up!"

Storm was clenching his fuckhole around my dick, like he was trying to
make it as hot for me as possible. Both of `em were. Cumming in a man's
fucking pussy felt great, but it was great just being like I was one of
`em, two big muscle stud killer Marines. From then on, I just wanted to
be exactly like fucking Jake.

I almost fell over when I pulled out. Cumming like that made me dizzy.
Jake and Storm didn't even notice though. Jake just stuck his cock back
in him and started fucking him hard, Storm fucking back on him just as
goddam hard. I'm watching, my mouth probably hanging open, slow stroking
my dick. Just couldn't keep my eyes off them two hot bodies.

Then Jake grunts real loud. "Fuck!" His favorite goddam word. Just like
me, he got his cock all the way up Storm's cunt just letting his jizz
fly, but he does something else though. While he's cumming, he reaches
behind himself and sticks a couple fingers in his own asshole. Grunts and
swears again, "Fuck!!" even louder.

It was like they forgot I was there. Storm is real still while Jake's
shooting his load in him, but then he goes, "Fuck, Big Dog, I'm
cumming." Jake pulls out real quick. "On it, bro," Jake says. Then he
kinda spins or pulls Storm off the bench, so he's just sort of half
squatting down at the side of the bench and facing Jake. Jake just real
quick goes down on his hands and knees, puts his head down like a goddam
dog and gets Storm's cock in his mouth. He fucking wanted Storm to cum
in his mouth. Fucking blew me away. I made some more cum, not a whole
lot, but goddam that was just too much. And that motherfucker sucked
every last goddam drop out of Storm's long cock.

Jake got this big shit eating grin on him when he stands back up, wiping
some cum off his chin, great big dick still hard as rock. Him and Storm
are laughing a little. "Goddam, Big Dog! You fucking whore." Jake
don't say nothing, just kinda laughs and goes "Mmmh!" or some sound
like that.

"You better get to bed for real, Bo." Then he adds as I'm going to the
door, "You goddam homofucker." I knew he meant it as a complement, and
it made me smile and blush at the same time.

NEXT TIME: I'm hoping to tell y'all about the first time I sucked and
fucked a grown man. If you got anything at all you want to tell me, just
drop by my twitter @APatroclus or if you'd rather just write me at
APatroclus1990@gmail.com Thanks for reading about my fucked up life
hahaha!

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Fri, 26 Mar 2021 08:06:06 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 8 (gay/military/incest)

(Picking this motherfucker right up where I left off, at the goddam
gym where I just been fucking raped, practically, by "Drago" and
fucking getting paid for it. Thanks again to my Devil Dog brother Z
for correcting all the spelling, or at least most of it--hard to catch
all of em when you got a motherfucker dumb as me writing, hahaha.
Anyhow ya'll should support Nifty cause they the ones helping me get
this fucking story of my life to ya'll.)

AT THE GYM

Like I was saying, I moved quick through that locker room to the back
door looking like absolute fucking shit. I mean fucking Drago's cock
juice was in my hair, smeared all over my goddam face and pretty much
leaking out my fuckhole nonstop. And them goddam shorts wasn't doing
shit to cover up the fat boner sticking out, making me stay horny as
fuck. So I open the door, take a sec cause the sunshine is so goddam
bright. Don't see fucking nobody in front of me when I look out. Then
I hear a little whistle coming from my left. It's fucking Randy, his
big muscled up back to me but kinda looking over his shoulder, smiling
like a cocky son of a bitch.

"Over here...Jock Boy," he says and laughs a little. That's when I
notice Troy on the other side of him close, where I couldn't see him
at first. He's standing up real quick, hiking up them little shorts
real fast. Dirty fuck had his dick out. I knew what he was doing, some
goddam cocksucking, I was willing to bet. I walk over to em, they was
about ten feet away, and then I see there's another dude with em. The
fucker doing bench when we first came in. Only now I can see he got a
hot fucking body, he got his shirt off, shorts pulled down so far his
big black hair bush was sticking up over the waist band. Had one swole
arm against the building, kinda leaning on it.

I know Randy didn't fucking call me Jock Boy outa the blue. So I said,
"Shit, you heard that?"

"We fucking heard everything ... Jock Boy! Heard you getting yer ass
fucked hard." He laughs again, along with that other motherfucker. I'm
right beside Randy now, and that dirty fuck's got his cock out, hard
as fuck, not caring that his buddy's standing there looking.

"He wants you now, like right now" I tell Troy. Randy chimes in,
"Better get that sweet blond ass in there, bitch. Make him happy.
Don't worry, he'll probly go easy on you after fucking this whore's
brains out." Troy laughs a little, gives me this look like "You got my
back bro?" I give him a look saying "I got you bro" and he heads on
in. Randy puts one of his big hands on my shoulder and says like,
"Want you to meet JT, one of Johnny and me's Marine buddies."

So I get a better look at him now with Randy pushing me in front of
him so I'm standing like right in front of "JT." That wasn't his real
name by the way, just one of Randy's dirty fucking nicknames he got
for all his buddies. He's about my height, hair cut short, goodlooking
but kinda tough looking too, like a boxer or MMA fighter. Got real
nice eyes, nice lips, fucking perfect goddam jaw. Little trimmed down
beard on the end of his chin like a fuckboy. Two fucking little brass
or gold rings in his ears. His fucking body looks even better up
close, just fucking jacked as fuck, big ole Marine Corps tattoo on his
left tit, another on his right arm that says some chick's name, like
"Julie" or some shit. I notice a wedding ring too. And he had a big ol
hard on making a fucking tent in his goddam shorts.

"Let him see you bitch" Randy says getting his big hands on my waist.
Then he yanks down my shorts so goddam hard he rips the fuck outa
them. So like they're fucking useless now. And I'm standing there with
my fucking hard on sticking out, practically touching JT's cock bulge.
He gives this funny little smile and looks down at my cock. But he
don't touch it. Naw, he moves in real close so my cock is pushing up
on his bulge, up into them hairs of his cockbush, just staring at me
like he was gonna punch me or something.

"I wanna fuck him" he says to Randy.

"Thought you might" Randy says with a little laugh. "This motherfucker
is good pussy."

"You fuck him?" JT's still talking to Randy like I wasn't even fucking there.

"Hell yeah, boy. Like three fuckin times already. Cunt lets me fuck
him whenever I want." That gets JT even more excited. He pulls down
his shorts and lets that fucking monster out. He got one of them cocks
that's real thick at the base and kinda curves a little. His foreskin
was only half covering this big fucking cockhead. Goddam! Another
fucking cuntbuster. I was learning that Randy and Jake only hung
around jacked, swole handsome dudes, most of em with big cocks.

JT grabs my head with both hands and pulls me in to kiss me. But it
was more like tongue rape. You know, just shoves his thick tongue in
my mouth but is holding my head so I can't pull back. Same time, his
cock is punching into me and he's moving a little to make them cocks
grind together.

He pulls off me, still staring straight in my eyes. "You like getting
fucked, boy?"

I'm kinda outa breath but I say something like, "Fuck...sure, man."
Randy's doing his little cool dude laugh in back of me. "He wants your
cock JT."

"How old is he?" Wasn't sure why JT cared. Randy seemed like he was
expecting it though. "Fifteen, just like his goddam brother. Told you
they was twins, dumbass." He was lying, we was seventeen. But I guess
he knew that turned JT on, fucking younger dudes.

"Oh yeah" JT kinda grunts. "Good." He makes this little movement with
his hand, like a little circle. Randy tells me, "Wants you to turn
around. Show him that fucking ass, bitch." I kicked off what was left
of my shorts and spread my legs as far apart as I could. I just
thought that's what they wanted. But they both laughed a little.

"Goddam bitch! Horny for it?" JT said.

"A fucking whore, like I said" Randy said. I turned a little red
probably. He was laughing at me but I could tell by the way he was
looking at me now that I was facing him that he was turned on. He
reached down and got his hands on my titties, like he knows I like. I
guess JT was squatting down in back because I feel his hands on my ass
cheeks and his big forearms brushing my thighs.

And sure as shit, here comes his fucking finger right up my pussy.
Fucking goddam Marines! Can't keep their goddam fingers out of a tight
fuckhole. Just gotta feel it up. Makes me fucking laugh cause now I'm
the same fucking way.

I knew what was coming next and sure as shit, it fucking happened. I
felt Drago's cum start leaking out from his fingerfucking me. Big
fucking stream of it went running down my thigh. "Goddam!" JT said
almost laughing. "Goddam boy, he fucked you good!" He started
laughing.

Randy was playing with my titties with one hand and stroking my cock a
little with the other. He had that kinda half smile, looking cocky and
fucking handsome as fuck with that long black hair hanging down over
them pretty eyes of his and that thick black stubble. His muscles was
all swole up and sweaty from our workout, and them nice titties of his
poking out even though it was so hot. And his hard cock felt so
fucking hot on my thigh. I woulda fucking done anything he said, and
it was like he knew it too.

"Turn around." He just grunted. So I turn back to face JT whose cock
is real fucking hard now, curving up a little and he's like flexed to
go into action, and he's cut as fuck so when he's flexed up every
goddam muscle stands out.

Randy gets up right next to him, reaches down and fucking grabs JT's
cock right at the base, looks straight at him. "You wanna get that
cock sucked brother?" What fucking got me was that this badass Marine
just fucking let Randy manhandle his dick like that. Didn't lose his
hard or nothing. Fuck, seemed like he got even harder. His dick was
pretty fuckin red by now.

JT just barely grunts out "Fuck yeah." Randy gives me that cocky
little nod, meaning get down on him. So I squat down, my fucking dick
sticking out hard in front, my goddam ass hanging out in back feeling
wet from Drago's cumwads. "Look at him" Randy tells me like a goddam
drill instructor. "Look at your man when you sucking his cock."

I do. Like I'm gonna fuck refuse anything now. Randy's still holding
JT's dick at the base and just so fucking close to him, his
goodlooking face even more sexy cause he's smiling at him, looking
straight in his eyes, kinda forcing JT to look back. "Gotta get me a
feel of that fine ass, brother."

JT is like "Come on, man." I can tell he don't want his ass played
with, at least not with me there. Randy just smiles and does it
anyway. "That's the price you gotta pay, motherfucker, for me lending
you my boy." I don't know exactly what he's doing back there but he
whispers to JT, putting his mouth close to his ear but loud enough I
can hear, "You got such a nice cunt, man."

I think JT was blushing. It made me suck him harder, that's fucking
for sure. Matter of fact, seeing Randy's big fucking cuntbuster right
there next to JT's I reached up with my hand and brought it close to
my mouth so I could suck it. Randy laughed and moved back a step or
two going, "Whoa, whoa bitch. Gotta calm you down. We ain't ready for
all that shit yet." Like he was a big badass cool guy calling the
shots. "Get up, motherfucker" he tells me. "And you" he says to JT,
"you wanna fuck this fucking bitch, you know what you gotta do. Don't
even bother coming if you ain't got motherfucking Marco with you."

I don't know what all that shit was about or who fucking Marco was but
JT did I guess. Anyway he pulled up his shorts over his hardon looking
kind of pissed and headed back into the gym. Watching him stomp back
in I was thinking, He did have a fine fucking ass and a really wide
muscular upper back. Randy though was just like half making fun of him
and shouted "See you tonight boy!"

Now this whole time we was pretty much hearing everything going on
between Troy and Drago inside, through that fuckin air vent or
whatever. I didn't notice it had got quiet until JT took off. (Wonder
how he got that boner to go down enough to get back through the gym.
Makes me laugh.) But then Troy Boy comes through that back door with
nothing but his goddam sneakers on, using his shorts to wipe cum off
his face and his piss slit, kinda laughing and cheerful like fucking
Troy the Honey Boy always is.

"He treat you right, Honey Boy?" Randy asked him. Troy was like, Oh
yeah, real good. Randy grunts, puts his cock away finally and tells us
to wait right there and he'll bring the truck around.

THE RIDE HOME

When we were alone, I asked Troy, "So what'd he do to you? Drago."

"You know" Troy said pulling his shorts on "fucked me missionary.
Sucked me off."

I was like "What the FUCK? Fucking Drago sucked you off?" Troy just
laughed. I told him how he did me and he was just like, "That's brutal
bro." Yeah, no shit! "So where're your fucking shorts, man?" And I
told him they was fucking useless now, ripped to shit.

"So you just gonna go around with your cock out or what?" he was still
laughing a little. I just shrugged.

It seemed like forever til we finally heard the goddam truck coming
around the corner over to the left. Randy was grinning behind the
wheel, shirt still off, and he leans out the window before he pulled
up to us and yelled way too fucking loud, "Hey buttfuckers, you ready
to get gone?" Then he throws his head back laughing. I'm like, "Real
fucking funny, asshole."

We pile in, Troy and me. Randy wants me to ride bitch. (That's in the
middle for you non-Marines or non-rednecks.) He sees my dick is still
hard, cause it never fucking goes down when I get horny and don't get
to cum. He grabs it with his right hand and says something dumbass
like "You still throwin a bone, bitch?"

"Don't, man," I say like a little bitch. Oh shit, just fell for that.
"You gonna make me cum."

Randy ignores it but lets go of my cock. Then he pulls something out
of his left pocket. Throws it at us. Two hundred dollar bills, one for
me, one for Troy Boy. Holy fuck! We were rich.

As we're pulling around the building and getting out on the highway
Randy looks at us with a big smile. "Congratulations, boys! Yer
officially whores now."

Troy's happy like me to get the money but he's like, "We ain't exactly
whores, Randy."

Randy got that cocky smile of his and looks over at him. "You gave up
yer pussy for fucking money, Honey Boy. That makes you a whore."

It was kinda awkward cause it was true. I had to laugh a little.
Getting paid for getting my ass fucked. Just roll with it, I thought.
Just to change the subject I asked Randy, "What the fuck took you so
long in there? Don't take that long to get some money."

Randy for the first time looked a little embarrassed. "Well, had a
little business with Drago." Keeps staring at the road.

Troy ain't backing off. "What? You suck his dick or something."

"Pretty much." I was like, "Fuck! How many times can that motherfucker
cum in an hour?" Me and Troy was both laughing.

Randy don't look at us but goes, "It wasn't cum, Bo." Me and Troy were
like, "The fuck?" So I go, "What? He piss in you or something? The
hell?"

Now he looks over at me, big white smile in his fucking handsome face.
"Yup. Gets off on making pretty muscle boys get down on their knees
and drink his piss. Threw in another hundred."

We were like, Fuck that's gross! And Holy Shit Randy! He just kept
smiling, concentrating on the road. "It ain't gross. It's just piss.
Turns him on and I don't give a good goddam. It ain't like I bent over
like a goddam dog with my hands on the floor and let him plow my
cunt." Troy laughed at that cause he knew he was talking about me. So
Randy looks over at him "And it ain't like I let him climb on top of
me and fuck me like a woman...that's what he told me anyhow, I fucked
the blond one like a fucking girl."

Now it was Troy's turn to get pissed. "Yeah, well, did he tell you he
sucked my cock?"

Randy looks at him with this like "you're pathetic" look on his face.
"You wish, Honey Boy. I know he made you jack off before he fucked
you." I was like, "Oh! You fucking liar! Fuck you, Troy!" He just
laughed, getting red in the face.

"You're both fucking whores, just like your daddy." Randy was pretty
pleased with his fucking self, I could tell. He kept making these
little glances at my body, especially at my dick, still hard as a
rock. I decided I was gonna give it right back to him. (Looking back,
I think that's just what he wanted.)

"Yeah, Randy, well I bet Drago's fucked you right up your fucking cunt
before, just like us." I started playing with my dick for some reason,
just made me horny saying it.

Randy looks at me with a big smile. "You're goddam right he did.
Fucked me bent over like a goddam dog just like you. I ain't fuckin
ashamed of it neither. Hot dudes wanna fuck me, just like they wanna
fuck you two." Troy was just kinda shaking his head, still kinda
pissed.

"And Honey Boy, don't you worry none. Goddam Drago introduced me once
to some friend of his I didn't even know and told him I was his new
girl. He was like, Ain't he pretty? His pussy's tighter'n any chick I
ever fucked." Troy and me laughed. I mean, he is a pretty
motherfucker. "Pissed me the fuck off at the time. But that's just the
way the motherfucker talks. It's his cock talking."

I said like "He said he fucked Jake all the time over in Iraq."

"Yeah, that's true, Bo. He fucked him so much we started wondering if
they were homo for each other. I mean, like almost every grunt did
some buttfucking over there, and most of em ended up getting fucked a
few times. But Johnny and Drago were like so fucking obvious about
it." Randy suddenly grabbed his cock through his shorts and stroked it
a few times. Goddam he was so horny for Jake, or Johnny as all the
Marines called him.

BACK AT THE HOUSE

So we started talking about the things him and Jake did in the
Marines, shit like that. I think Randy was getting as worked up as we
were. I mean, me and Troy were fucking fired up ever since we got to
Randy's and it was just like one thing after another that kept our
dicks hard. So when we got in the house, still in the front room Randy
orders Troy, "Go upstairs to my bathroom and get cleaned up, Honey.
Everything, get me?"

"Yeah" Troy says with a laugh, pulling off his shorts. "Douche my
fuckhole. I got it." He goes over to the stairs and goes up but gives
me this funny look over his shoulder. When he was gone Randy just
turns all of a sudden into this fucking animal.

He grabs my dick and pulls me over to the sofa, pushes me onto the arm
so I'm bent over it. Kicks at my feet to make me spread. And all the
time he's going like, "You motherfucking little cock tease, talking
bout cock and pussy and me getting fucked...goddam fuck bitch!" His hand
slaps onto my ass crack all wet with a big glob of his spit and he's
rubbing hard on me, getting his spit on my hole, two fingers going in,
frigging in me. Then that hot fucking cockhead is kissing my cunt and
starts pushing in. Randy gives this real deep, animal like groan. "Oh
goddam fucking..." Like that. And he's pushing all the way in. I'm
gritting my teeth and slappin the couch cause it hurts. But he don't
stop till his balls are on my taint, just like earlier.

"Oh you fucking bitch, you fucking hot little fucking pussy
motherfucker!" He starts fucking me fast and hard. Gets down on me,
chest to my back, cock going in so fucking far, them big balls
slapping on my taint. Then he gets his arms under mine, gets me in a
full nelson with his fingers locked behind my head and yanks me up,
just fucking using me to get his cock off. My dick is all the way hard
again and the way he's holding me I can't hold off. So I'm like,
"Randy I'm gonna cum man!"

He just fucks me harder and faster, and I send my cum flying all over
the goddam sofa. Fuck, it felt so good. Somehow that motherfucker
would fuck into me right as I was shooting out another rope of cum.
Goddam he's a good fucker, fuck. It wasn't long before he's hauling
his cock out of me, dragging all that cum out, breathing heavy as he
lets me go, kinda staggering back, looking real satisfied. "Fuck that
was good. I fuckin needed that, boy."

I almost slid down to the ground, my legs was shaking so bad. "Fuck
Randy. Jesus Christ...you coulda warned me."

"Nah, you was wanting it. You just didn't think you was gonna get it
so soon." That was fucking Randy right there! Never took any bullshit.

Troy comes down stark naked a couple minutes later. Knows exactly
what's been going on. "You two fucking again?" He's smiling when he
says it. "Goddam homo motherfuckers." I give him the finger, Randy
just stands there with his hands on his hips, his cock out proud,
looking like a goddam Greek god or something.

MARCO AND JT

I got cleaned up. We did the usual shit, eat, play some games, shit
like that. After eating Randy had us stand up, bend over and grab our
ankles. Wanted to check our pussies, the dirty fucker. Said they was a
little too much hair but it was okay. Said "cunt hair" was hot,
especially if it was blond like Troy's. Big stud couldn't resist
poking his finger in us neither. Just made us laugh, cause we was all
so fucking horny by then. We finally settled down to watch some
dumbass show on TV and fell asleep, at least I did.

I woke up when Randy tapped my balls kinda hard. "Get up, boys." He
was back to bossing us around. "Get in the kitchen. They're here. Just
wait in there."

I knew he was up to some shit, whatever it was. Like a lot of grunts,
I found out later, he played shady shit close to his chest. So me and
Troy are just standing in the kitchen, leaning our asses back on the
counter, stroking a little, wondering what the hell was up.

We hear a truck pull up, the front door open. Randy's saying something
we can't make out. Can tell there's two dudes he's talking to. One
thing we hear real clear is him saying, "Get em off. You know the
rules." One of em says, "Fuck" under his breath like. I figure they're
getting naked like us. "They're right in here."

In comes Randy, his big cock already getting hard. And with him is two
dudes. Already met JT but hadn't seen him all the way naked. He was
real comfortable with it like most Marines, just kinda casually tuggin
on his dick. He sees us but don't say nothing.

The other dude is one of the hottest studs I ever met. (He was in the
Marines with Jake and Randy, like all his fuck buddies.) I think he
juiced a little at one time because his pecs were like fucking
perfect, just swole up and cut. Two perfect thick tit nubs with brass
rings in em like Randy's. Kind of a long torso, but fucking beautiful
abs, a real fucking eight pack. Awesome arms and quads. And a nice
uncut cock hanging between em, two low hangin big balls, all shaved
and smooth, but with a nice dark blond cockbush.

He was a real handsome blond motherfucker. Little fuzzy chin beard and
a mustache that was almost just blond stubble. Pretty blue eyes, his
blond hair buzzed on the sides and back, the top was long and pulled
back in this little pony tail. Woulda thought it looked kinda faggy on
anybody else, but fuck he looked hot. I could tell he was a real
friendly type too, cause unlike fuckin JT he was smiling at us, but
looking us over like he wanted to fuck us at the same time.

"Them's the boys" Randy tells em. "Blond one is Troy or Troy Boy or
Honey Boy or bitch, whatever you wanna call him. This one is Bo, but
he fuckin answers to Fuckboy and Motherfucker."

The blond one laughs, actually introduces himself as Marco but don't
shake our hands. I notice his wedding ring right away. JT though just
gets this cool guy half smile on his face, looking at me like I really
was just a bitch. Then Randy opens a cabinet and pulls out five shot
glasses, all different cause he's a fucking slob. Gets something out
of the fridge, a shaker bottle thing. "First off though, we gotta have
a drink. Everybody gotta fucking drink up."

First thing I thought of was fucking Jake back home drugging beer with
blue pills. Pretty sure Randy was into the same kind of shit. I don't
know what it was exactly, maybe tequila, but it was powerful strong.
Got kinda light headed and felt a fire in my gut. Troy shoots me this
quick look like he's onto Randy too. The other two don't even notice
anything and take a second shot with Randy.

Randy slams his glass down and looks at Marco and JT. "Which one you
wanna fuck first?" Just like that. JT don't miss a beat. "I want that
blond pussy." Randy must've given him a look that said "Go for it"
because JT puts his glass down and goes over to Troy, gets up slam
against him, puts a hand on the back of his neck and starts kissing
him hard, grinding his cock against Troy's. Troy being Troy, he don't
make a fuss or act shy, just starts kissing him back, grinds back on
him too--he's ready to fuck. JT starts groping his ass like he's
fucking desperate for it, and you know he had his finger up Troy's
sweet pink pussy real quick.

But Randy was all serious now too. Got up in back of JT while he's
groping and kissing Troy, wraps his arms around em both, and gets his
cock in between JT's hot ass cheeks and starts humping his crack. JT
don't seem to give a fuck, just fuckin goes with it and lets big Randy
fuck his body like that. I was finding out that when Marines are hot
to fuck, even homofucking (or maybe especially homofucking), they
don't get hung up on shit. It's all about the fucking Cock.

Marco gets up in front of me, his face so fucking beautiful, them
pretty blue eyes looking right in mine. He starts running his hands
down my body and moves his mouth in to kiss. And like right away his
tongue is going in my mouth and he gets both our dicks in his hands,
making me feel so good I'm leaking my prenut like a motherfucker. He
breaks off the kiss to start kissing on my neck and then down to my
tit, all the time gripping our cocks hard. Then he breaks it off but
still holding my dick and looks at Randy. "We're gonna use your
bedroom Rando, okay?" Randy don't stop humping on JT, just goes
"Whatever, fuck."

"Come on, babe" he says to me, pulling me after him by my cock. First
time a dude ever called me `babe'. Wasn't going to be the last time,
not with him, that's for fucking sure. He lets go of me and takes the
stairs two at a time, and I'm right behind him, looking at his
muscular round fucking ass, so goddam hot. Randy's room is a fucking
mess like you'd think, bed not even made, probably still got some of
the mess from where he was fucking Brandi (whatever her fucking name
was). Marco pulls me down on to the bed with him, gets up on me,
pushing me on my back and starts kissing me again. Down lower he's
humping his cock against my groin, and his hand is stroking down my
body til he's got my dick in it.

Unlike Randy he talked to me real quiet almost whispering. "You're so
goddam handsome, babe. You like me?" I'm like, "Fuck yeah!" That makes
him smile, I get another wet tonguekiss from him. Then he goes, "I
wanna fuck you. You like fucking, right?"

"Oh fuck yeah!" My dick was so goddam hard. I wanted to say, all I
fucking wanna do is get fucked by you, you fucking beautiful stud! So
now he's almost right on top of me, left hand kinda petting my high
and tight, his right hand letting go of my cock and going down to my
taint. He was getting real hot now. He's just rubbing my taint with
more and more pressure. "So fucking hot...you make me so goddam hard."
He gives me another big kiss, his tongue going almost to the back of
my mouth and he's grunting like a animal now. His finger is back on my
hole, pushes a little and just slides right in.

He's looking at me so fucking intense like. Still almost whispering he
says (will never fucking forget any of this) "I want that pussy, baby.
Want your pussy so fucking bad."

I don't know if he knew how worked up I was getting. I almost shouted
"Fuck me, stud! Fuck my goddam pussy hard as you want!" He's almost
surprised by how loud I am, then it turns him on and he takes charge.
"Get me ready. Come on, get in a sixty nine." He flops on his back,
spreads his legs and holds his hard on up with one hand. I climb on
top of him like I was gonna stick my dick in his mouth, but he pushes
me further down his body and puts his hands on my ass cheeks (slapping
em a little) and spreads me wide and starts tonguing on my fuckhole. I
go down on his cock and slobber on it like a fucking dog. He's
groaning but never stops licking hard on my little fuckhole. He gets
his whole fuckin goddam tongue in there, almost lickin on my cunt nut
he so deep. Makes me hot to suck him harder and harder til he pushes
me over on my back and jumps on top, tits to tits, cocks hard and
fuckrubbing on each other.

"Oh you fucking hot boy." He starts kissing me again, then gets his
hands kinda up under my pec muscles and pushes them fuckers up and
together. "God I love yer tits, baby." He goes down to suck my tit
nubs and lick my pecs all over. It makes me so horny, I just spread my
legs wide open without thinking about it.

"Fuck, you need it, don't you baby?" He gets his hand down there and
starts fucking me with two fingers, this hot excited look on his face
while he's like two inches from my goddam face. Like a fucking bitch I
reach up with both hands to start stroking those beautiful awesome
pecs, playing with his titty rings a little. He groans, keeps finger
fucking my fuckhole, then goes, "Suck on daddy's titties, baby boy."
Still so fucking quiet, but it turns me on so fucking much hearing
that, don't know why. I start sucking one tit then the other, just
real greedy like, probably cause his cuntfingering was driving me
crazy with fucklust. He gets off me and kinda slides down between my
legs, lifts up my backside and just goes in hard, his tongue going
straight to my hole, licking and fucking a little way in and out.

Because he said it I wanted to too. "Fuck me daddy!" Goddam that made
him wild. He gets his mouth off my cunt real fast, gets his awesome
body between my legs, uses his hand to get his cock on my hole and
starts pushing in. "Fuck!" I yell, more cause I was so hot for him
than the pain. He finally started talking loud too. "Oh fuck yeah,
baby! Take that fucking cock in your pussy, baby boy!" Soon as them
balls hit my ass I wrapped my goddam legs around his waist and tried
to fuck myself on his dick. "I fucking love that fucking pussy, babe!"
He grabs my shoulders and slams his body on mine and starts fucking in
and out. I wasn't even precumming anymore, it was cum oozing out slow.
I couldn't help it, felt so goddam good and he was making me so goddam
horny. He'd look me in the face for a while, watching me while I took
his cock. Then we'd kiss or I'd move my head to suck on his titties
some more, and he'd rub my cock on his abs. And all the time we were
fucking hard and steady, and I was moving my ass as much as he was
bucking his to fuck me.

 A couple of times he stopped to say something, like "You like my
cock, babe? Cause I fucking love your ass." I'd say fuck yeah or
something and that'd make him smile and we'd go back at it, both just
hard as fuck for the other one. Then without no warning at all he
yells real loud, "What the fuck?! Goddamit!!" I was like lost in the
fuck pleasure and didn't even know what the hell had happened.

It was fucking Randy, sweaty as fuck and his cock full hard (them
fucking blue pills he put in our shots). He just rammed a finger right
up Marco's ass mid-fuck stroke. "I want this blond cunt, Marco" he
said, not giving a shit he was interrupting us. And he wasn't kidding
either. "Get off him." Somehow or other he pulls Marco away so his
cock comes outa me and then Randy is laying on top of him, mashing his
cock into Marco's ass crack. I think he was real lubed up on his
cockshaft probably and must've had some on his hands cause he was
holding Marco down with one big arm and fingering his asshole with the
other.

Marco was struggling, still cussing and growling at him, but Randy is
just too fucking strong even for a boy as big and swole as Marco. He
probably tried to squeeze him out, but wasn't no stopping Randy. First
he got his fingers in that boy's pussy and then his cockhead, all
while holding him down and keeping him from running away. Soon as that
fat goddam cockhead went in, Marco just shouts, almost screams.
"Aaaahhh!! Goddamit!! ... fucking ... son of a bitch!" Like, it didn't
even sound like words.

I jumped off the bed soon as Randy tackled Marco, was just standing
there like a dumbfuck watching Randy practically rape him. He kept
shoving his cock in and holding Marco in place til that big fuckstick
of his was all the way in him. "Told you I wanted that goddam blond
cunt, Marco." Marco just muttered something like "you motherfucker"
and frowned hard like he was in pain when Randy took a fuckstroke in
him. Marco was looking over at me, his face all red, like from being
ashamed to get fucked like that or cause he was so mad, I couldn't
tell at the time.

Randy notices him looking over at me and grabs that little ponytail to
jerk his head back kinda rough like. "Don't worry about your bitch,
Marco. You my bitch now and you need to get your goddam cunt working
on my cock." He winks at me, looking sexy, big white smile, his long
black hair all damp and hanging down in his eyes. Still, couldn't help
thinking what a fucking asshole he was being. Maybe he knew what I was
thinking, so he goes, "It's just fucking, Bo. He knows I want his
pussy."

Then he started fucking in and out with real long strokes. And then it
just happened, this weird thing that goes on with males.I mean, it's
just something about the way we're made, cause once that cock started
fucking in and out easy, Marco was arching his back and hiking his ass
up, moving himself back and forth to meet Randy's cockstroke. It must
be fucking instinct or something, cause even though Marco was hating
it, his goddam ass and fuckhole just took over. And he was pushing
back to meet Randy's cock when it was fucking into him.

I watched em for a while, just stroking my dick. I mean they was
superfucking hot to watch. Marco's big arms bulging and his pecs
flexed out, them titty rings swinging hard as he stuck that pretty
round muscle ass up in back taking Randy's fuck, his head still back
and up cause Randy had that fuckin ponytail in his fist. And goddam
Randy, that fucking awesome physique of his, all flexed out while he
was driving that big cock into Marco, his own titty rings swinging
fast, a big grin on his face because he was making my `daddy' give up
his pussy to him.

"Fuck yourself on it harder, cunt" Randy told him, smiling over at me.
"Look at your boy, Marco. He's stroking his cock watching you bitch
your fucking cunt on my dick, you motherfucker."

"Fuck you" Marco said back, in between grunts. But he looked over at
me, his mouth half open like he was in full fuck mode. That was some
kind of fucked up Marine grunt thing going on between them. Couldn't
understand it out at the time. But I get it now.

Randy looked at me again. "Why don't you go see if Jizz Tits needs
help with your brother." I was like, "Who the fuck?" Randy smiles real
broad, still fucking slamming into Marco's ass, "Jizz Tits,
JT...motherfucker cums on yer tits when he's cockriding. Don't you know
that?" I thought he was just fucking with me. So I smiled and shook my
head. But I knew Randy was in charge, so I took my ass downstairs.

JT was sitting on the couch, his legs spread wide and easy, arms up on
the back of the couch, a cig in one hand. Down between his legs Troy
was on his knees worshiping away on his cock. I stopped to watch for a
little bit. JT would take a drag on his cigarette, look down at Troy
sucking his cock, then lean his head back and blow the smoke up to the
ceiling. Just a stud enjoying his boy. He sure had a fine fucking
body, made my dick ache looking at him.

When I came on down and joined them, JT just grunted. He didn't say
much, that's fucking for sure. So I said something like, "Randy threw
me out. He's up there fucking Marco." I think JT smiled a little, but
he didn't say nothing else, just took another puff and put his other
hand on the back of Troy's blond high and tight. "Go deeper" he kinda
grunted. Then he looked up at me standing there. "Just gonna stand
there, bitch?" (To Marines, you're either a `man' or a `bitch,' even
though most of em do both. Just the way we are, I guess.)

"Well, what you want me to do?"

"If you two wasn't brothers, I'd tell you to lick his fuckhole to get
it ready for my cock. But..." he didn't finish it.

I decided it was time to blow his fucking mind and just crouched down
on my haunches in back of Troy. I didn't even need to do more than tap
his butt with my fingers, and he moved so his ass was up in back. Then
like I done more times than I can count, I got my hands on that
beautiful round, tan ass, spread them cheeks and started kissing and
licking on his sweet little pussy.

JT sat up so fast, his cock came out of Troy's sucking mouth. "Holy
fuck!" That's all he said but stared at me where I was Frenching Troy
Boy fuckpussy. And I was staring straight back at him while I ate
`little bro' out. JT took a big drag off his cig then threw it away.
In that same grunting deep voice he said, "Eat his pussy...fuck!"

He stood up, looking like he was ready to fight someone but he was
just fucking horny out of his mind. "Get outa the way" he told me,
moving around Troy and squatting down to the level of his ass. He
popped his cock in him, muttered "goddam!" and just blissed out from
all that cock pleasure. I moved around to Troy's face and stuck my
cock on his lips. When Troy started sucking on me, JT started losing
his mind I think. "Goddam! Suck his cock, bitch. Fuck!" He was rabbit
fucking him now, you know, squatting down over Troy, holding him
around his chest, legs straddling Troy's. And his ass was moving fast,
driving his cock in and out so hard I could hear his balls slapping on
Troy's taint.

We just fucked like that for a while, spit roasting the shit outa Troy
Boy. He always looks so good taking cock, his perfect fucking muscles
and that golden tan all over, pretty blond hair. Always blows my mind
how this fucking "top jock" in our HS, who done put his cum in
practically every hot girl's mouth, how he could be so fucking good at
getting fucked. Anyway, it wasn't all that long and I could tell just
by looking at him that JT was about to cum. He was banging that ass
for real, saying "goddam" and "fuck" over and over. Honey Boy pussy
just really sucked it outa him. When he pulled out of him though, it
was pretty sloppy, like there was already cum in him. Turned out Jake
and JT had already shot their loads in him once.

JT seemed kinda dizzy when he staggered out of the room. "Gotta piss"
was all he said. Troy got up, still hard as fuck. "I'm gonna go help
him" he said.

"Help him what? Piss?" I was like, come on, bro. Troy freaked me out a
little when he goes, "If Randy can do it, I can too." And then he took
off at a slow jog, going "JT, wait up, man."

I smiled at Troy, already fucking in love with JT, like a goddam
puppy. I stole one of JT's cigs and got about half way through it when
Randy comes down the stairs, his big cock bouncing hard as ever.
That's when I fucking knew he put something in those drinks. No way he
was still hard as a fucking brick unless he had some boner pills,
cause we'd been going for hours by then. He looked all happy with
himself as usual and got up real close and put a sweaty arm around my
shoulders, so close his cockhead was touching me. "Gimme that
cigarette, Bo. Smoking's bad for you." He grabbed it with that cocky
grin of his and took a drag off it. "Your boyfriend's up there waiting
for you. He shot his load though, so you got some work to do." He
laughed a little at his dumbass joke, blowing smoke at me.

"Can't fucking believe you, man." I was shaking my head. "You fucking
raped him, Randy."

"Bullshit, boy. Lemme explain something to you, Bo." He grabs his dick
at the base and kinda moves his hip to make a fuck motion with it and
goes, "Motherfucker's in my house, he knows I want his fucking cunt.
And if he ain't strong enough to keep me from sticking my cock up him
& fucking the shit outa him, then that's just too fucking bad." He
lets go of himself, takes another drag off the cig and says, "Besides,
ain't like I ain't never fucked his ass before. Now I gotta go find JT
and you gotta get your ass back up there with your fucking boyfriend.
But I want you to do something for me. Gimme about a half hour and
then come find me and JT. You got it? I mean it." More shady shit. I
told him I would. Wasn't no saying "no" to fucking Rando.

I told him where JT and Troy went and what they was most likely doing.
And that made Randy whoop real loud with laughter. In that real subtle
way he got, while he's walking off he goes, "Troy's drinking JT's hot
piss!! Holy fucking shit!! Goddam!! Johnny boy, you raised a couple
motherfucking whores."

LATER ON

I got back upstairs and it didn't take any fucking "work" to get Marco
wanting to fuck again. We made out for a little while and his hands
were all over me again. Told me I was "so fucking hot." And said
something like, "No way my fucking wife can find out about you." Said
him and me were going to be doing a lot of fucking while me and Troy
was staying with Randy.

I went down on him again. Randy wasn't lying about him cumming before,
I could fuckin taste it on him, especially under his foreskin. Fucking
turned me on. I had just started riding his cock when Troy cum in. I
guess Randy told him to go join us because he "owed" Marco a little.
And just like JT, Marco got real fucking hot watching us brothers get
homo on each other. Motherfucker didn't know which one he wanted to
fuck first. We had him on his back and was taking turns squatting down
on his cock, the other one sucking the cockrider's dick or making out
with Marco.

But I didn't forget what Randy fucking ordered me to do. (Well,
actually I almost did until Troy Boy reminded me. I'm such a dumbass
sometimes.) I left them doing some hot doggy fucking, told Marco I'd
be right back and headed down.

Nobody in the goddam living room or the kitchen or out back. But when
I come back in through the kitchen I heard some fucking moaning and
shit coming from the little room where me and Troy was staying. The
door was closed and it was dark as fuck when I looked in but sure
enough they was on my cot.

So I flipped on the light. And goddam! Fuck my fucking ass. Badass
motherfucker JT was on his back, big legs up and spread. Randy was on
him, holding him close in them big fucking arms, JT's legs wrapped
around his ass. The fucking look on JT's face when he saw me! Still
makes me fuckin laugh. Like he was almost scared but fucking blissing
out at the same time. He moved like he was trying to get up or push
Randy off him. But Randy held on tight and moved his ass to give him a
good fuckthrust, and that made JT moan a little and his eyes roll up.

"You ain't going nowhere, motherfucker," Randy said with his little
laugh. He looks over at me but is still talking to JT. "This fucker's
gonna watch me making you my bitch. What you think about that, Jizz
Tits?"

JT just growls in that deep grunting voice of his, "You motherfucker."

Randy tells me to get closer, raises himself up off JT a little so I
can see him better. JT's big cock was full fucking hard, laying there
like a slab of goddam meat on them perfect cut abs. My hand went to it
without me even thinking. Used my fingertips to stroke down it, and
goddam if he didn't jizz on himself a little.

Randy goes, "Motherfucker loves taking my cock up his cunt. Don't you,
Jizz Tits?" JT don't say nothing but he moans again. Randy keeps
talking, can't tell if he's talking to me or to JT though. "I'm the
only motherfucker that fucks his cunt. I fucked his goddam wife and I
fuck him, had both them cunts, didn't I, JT?" Just gets another moan.
"You got a better cunt than your bitch though." He laughs.

"He needs a cock to suck, Bo." I move up closer to JT's head and push
my cock up to his lips, but he don't do nothing. So Randy tells him,
"Suck his cock, bitch. You're a cocksucking motherfucker, don't
fucking try to deny it, you fucking cunt."

JT starts sucking my cockhead. Randy tells me to move back a little so
that jT's gotta strain a little to keep his mouth on my dick. He
wanted me to see what a cockhungry fuck he really was. So we done that
for a while until Randy gets him up on all fours so we can spit roast
his fucking ass. He starts ordering JT around like a bitch.

"Get that ass back here, boy." JT moves back, getting his ass as close
to Randy's cock as he can. "Stick that ass up higher. Come on, boy!
You want me back in your cunt then you gotta get that ass hiked up."
Just fucking degrading the shit outa him, cause JT is pushing his ass
up, arching his back real deep. Just another one of Randy's fucking
bitch boys. When Randy's satisfied he gives him his whole cock, balls
deep in one big hard thrust. "Now suck his cock" Randy tells him.

But Randy won't let me just stand there and get sucked off. He tells
me to fuck his mouth hard. When I do goddam Randy starts just slamming
into his fucking ass. I mean slamming so hard it made a loud slapping
noise. JT is moaning really loud now, like it was hurting him but
turning him on at the same time.

Randy pulls out after a couple minutes and says to me, "You want some
of this cunt, Bo?" I pulled outa his mouth so fucking fast, let Randy
grab onto my hard on and guide my dick right into that sweet, hairy
little pussy. Fuck he felt good! I couldn't control my goddam hips,
they was just doing all this fast fuck motion all on their own. Randy
goes up to JT's head and  says "Suck it." Just like that. And JT is
sucking on his dirty dick, fresh from his own goddam pussy. That's
when I fucking blew my load. Fucked into JT balls deep and just shot
fucking rope after rope up his motherfucking guts.

And since I came too early "like a bitch" (Randy's words), I had to
get under JT and suck him off while Randy went back to fucking him
hard. Didn't take "Jizz Tits" long before he was moaning and cussing
and filling my mouth with his jizz. Randy just kept on fucking him
though. "Kiss him" he ordered me. Crawled out from under JT real
awkward like, and bent down to give him a kiss while he's moving back
and forth from Randy's hard poking in back. He got a lot of his own
cum in his mouth because there was no way I wasn't sticking my tongue
in that motherfucker. "Goddam homos" Randy said. Then he slaps JT's
ass real hard a couple times. "You're a fucking cocksucking, cunt
fucked homo, you fucking motherfucker!" That was "grunt talk" for "I
love you man" I guess, because JT and him were both slamming against
each other hard--Randy fucking into him, JT ramming his ass back to
take that goddam cock.

It blew my fucking mind when Randy said he was gonna cum and badass JT
pulled off him so goddam fast and got himself turned around like in
this half pushup position, all them hot muscles fully flexed, with his
mouth open and tongue sticking out. Randy's first fucking cumwad went
right on JT's forehead, then lower on his face, and finally he stuck
his cock in his mouth and let him suck the rest out. And I know that
dirty fucker did it on purpose, shoot his cum all over JT's face, I
mean. It's all part of marking your bitch, especially if you're a
Marine.

I wanted to just stay there and fuck around with em again. But Randy
said he wanted to be alone with his "bitch" now. I don't know what the
fuck that was all about. But there was a lot I was learning from
hanging around Randy. That's for goddam sure.

I don't really have time to tell about all the other shit we got up to
that night. Marco, me and Troy fucked around a long time. I passed out
at one point and woke up with JT fucking me and Marco watching and
masturbating himself. That was fucking hot. I guess Randy was fucking
Troy's brains out downstairs or something. Later on, Randy told me he
fucked Marco and Troy outside, said he had to try them two "blond
pussies" side by side. Don't fucking blame him.

When I woke up the next morning, I was in bed with Troy. Randy was
already off to work and there was no sign of Marco or JT. But I got a
text from Marco around noon saying he was gonna pick me up later when
he got off work. We just drove out and parked, and he fucked the hell
outa me again. In fact, he fucked me a lot over the next couple weeks.
There was some shit between Troy and JT but nothing like what me and
Marco was doing. Anyway, that was the best fucking night I'd ever had
up til then. And whatever fucking Randy was trying to do for me and
Troy, it fucking worked. That was the last time I was ever shy or
whatever about fucking, now that I knew what men were like, not just
the men in my family.

(Thanks to all of you who've been reading this! And thanks to my
Marine brother "Z" for helping me with some of the spelling and all.
You can always hit me up at APatroclus1990@gmail.com or go to my
twitter @APatroclus. I always love hearing from you. By the way, the
next thing I'm going to put up on here is called "Bronze Age Cock
Brothers." Z's writing most of that from an idea I gave him. I'm gonna
fill in some of the dialogue. I'll let you know on Twitter when I get
it ready. Love ya'll!)

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Tue, 24 Nov 2020 23:07:39 -0500
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 7 (Gay/Incest/Military)

(I know its been a long while since the last one. Sorry, ya'll! Been
out of the country or busy with Marine shit. Anyway, here goes. Hope
you all like it. Like I said before, I changed up some names and was a
little fuzzy with where it all happens, but this is my real life
story. Let me know what you think if you wanna. I'm at
APatroclus1990@gmail.com or on Twitter at @APatroclus.)

Alright, so we pulled up in this gravel parking lot in front of what
looked like some warehouse. Me and Troy was still antsy as fuck cause
of the goddam shorts Randy made us wear. We grabbed the towels and
climbed outa the truck, but Troy and me both was pullin on them
fucking shorts, cause they was ridin up from sitting and my fuckin
balls was hanging out. Troy's fucking dick popped out. Dirty fucker
was getting a bone. We both ended up pulling em down as low as they
would go, without showing cockbush (too much), even if we was showing
some crack and cheeks in back. So I'm like whining to Randy,
"Goddamit, Randy...you gonna get us arrested, motherfucker."

He just smiles like, shaking his head a little, the handsome fucker,
and goes, "Don't be such a little bitch, bitch. Aint nobody care if
your ass is showing. Besides, you two look pretty fucking hot." If I'm
being honest, I was proud of my body, me and Troy both were. We was
pretty skinny in the waist but had real good abs, a nice V lower down,
even back then. And we had good solid muscle, pecs, necks, shoulders,
even our fucking thighs and calves--wrestling helped out. That and
lifting with Jake.

Randy being Randy he slapped me hard on the ass just real sudden, made
me yell. I knew he was trying to give me a hard on, the goddam dirty
fuck. Troy was laughing till Randy moved quick behind him and tried to
pull his shorts off. Then it was Troy's turn to say, "Goddamit Randy!"
fighting him off. Randy just stomps on ahead, throwing his head back,
saying something like, "Oh my god, you fucking church ladies worried
you gonna show your fucking asses!" I couldn't believe how fucking
crazy he was being. I mean we was seriously nervous about going out
like that.

Well, anyway, we got inside without getting arrested. No shit, right?
And there weren't many people there, to be honest. It was just an old
warehouse somebody turned into a gym. Not even any air conditioning,
just some big ass fans near the far end, where two big doors was
pulled open. Not a lot of light in there neither, but lots of good
weights and machines.

Over by the doors, a couple of old dudes was working on bags, punching
the fuck outa them. They was old, but I wouldn't wanna mess with them.
Only two other dudes. One was one jacked motherfucker doing bench
press. Looked pretty swole from what I saw just glancing over real
fast. But I can tell you more about him later. The second dude was
this bodybuilder motherfucker, big, as in tall. Swole up with all
sorts of muscle, not like some roid freak, but definitely had juiced
at some point, every fucking muscle was cut and big. He wore a high
and tight blond brush cut, goodlooking face. He was doing T bar pulls.
Sexy as fuck in this ratty T shirt and short shorts. Ain't gonna lie,
I got a good look at the bulge he was packing between his legs. He
smiled when he saw Randy and us, dropped the bar and came over wiping
sweat off his face.

"Hey bro!" He gave Randy this macho kind of quick hug. "How's it hanging, man?"

"Pretty fucking good, bro? How's the wife and kids?"

"They okay. These your nephews you was telling me about."

Randy gives me a tap on my ass, like he was saying, "Get up here."
"Yeah, this is them. Bo and Troy." He shook our hands, all hard and
manly. I was kinda shy, if you can believe it. I mean, I felt like I
was boning up. I mean the dude was fucking sexy as fuck. His titties
were hard and practically punching through his T shirt. And his shorts
was tight enough I could see his shaft and cockhead. Randy was saying
something when I finally got ahold of myself. Dude was looking me
straight in the eyes when I looked up from his crotch.

"But we call him Drago..like that Russian dude in the Rocky movie,"
Randy was saying. Me and Troy acted like we knew who he meant. We
watched that movie later, and yeah, Drago was a good fucking nickname
for that dude. Never learned his real name, or I forgot it. But I
always remember goddam Drago.

"You boys scoring any tail while you're up here in W--- ?" Drago said,
like out of the blue.

"They ain't got no pussy yet, that I know of. You got any leads, boy?"
Randy asked him.

"Maybe that hot little redhead down at the DQ."

"She pretty good, huh?" Randy was laughing. "I sure as fuck got off,"
Drago said, laughing with him. Turns out Drago was a former Marine
too. Was in the same infantry Company that Randy and Jake were in. He
owned part of the "gym" but had a real job at a big hospital up in
E--. They bullshitted for a couple more minutes. Then Randy said,
"Well, we gonna work out for a while, if that's okay."

"Hell yeah, brother," Drago told him. "Work out as long as you like.
Going to do a little more myself, then be in the back when you get
done. You know ...." Kinda weird. Didn't understand that at the time.
Didn't fucking care neither. Randy just said, "I got you, bro."

When we was walking over to the bench, I asked Randy, "What was all
that...about being in the back?" He just gave me a that goodlooking
smile. "Don't worry about it, bitch."

We lifted, did a little bit of everything. After about ten minutes,
Randy took off his shirt, showing off his awesome fucking tits and
arms. He was being about as nasty as he could be. He pulled his shorts
down far enough his cockbush was showing over the waist band. And he
was doing other shit, messing with us. Like, he would pinch my titty
when I wasn't looking, pat Troy on the ass when he finished a set but
kept it there long enough to feel him up a little. We were getting
pretty fucking annoyed. I thought sure as fuck that swole dude--the
one over on the bench press when we come in--would see, or those two
old farts wailing away on the bags. He always just laughed and said
something like, "Don't be such an uptight little bitch, bitch." What
we didn't know was the motherfucker had planned all this shit,
including fucking with us when we was lifting.

Finally, he said we was finished, all three of us covered in sweat in
that hot ass place. "Let's get us a quick shower. Come on." There was
a door on the back wall not too far from where we met "Drago." It
opened into this kind of make shift locker room, with a few open
showers along one wall, over on the left. On the right was a solid
wall with a door. On the back wall, at the end of the lockers was
another door. Instead of going to the showers, Randy took my towel and
went over to the door on the right and knocked on it real quick three
times. "Yeah!" came from the other side. Randy poked his head in
without opening the door all the way. "Which one you want first?" I
didn't hear the answer. But Randy looked at me and jerked his head,
like saying "Get over here."

"What?" I said. Kind of pissed cause I wanted to just take a shower
and get the hell out of there. "Just go in," Randy said. "Do what he
wants."

"Do what who wants?"

"Fuckin Drago, who the fuck you think?" Randy's smiling at me, getting
that dirty fucker look on his face. "Now come on, do him good. He's
paying good money for your ass."

I was like instantly pissed off. "The fuck?! You fucking kidding me? I
ain't no fuckin whore, Randy." He grabs my balls through my shorts
kinda hard, leaning in real close to my face. "The fuck you ain't." He
laughs a little. "Don't worry, bitch, fuckin Drago's clean. I ain't
gonna set you up in nothing bad." He lets my balls go. "Sides, you
think me and goddam Johnny ain't never give up our ass for some cash?"

Before I can say anything to that goddam bombshell, he puts a hand
around my neck and moves me to the door. "Just get in there, bitch.
We'll be outside, right through that goddam backdoor. Go on, you gonna
like it, fuckin' whore like you." He laughs again. "Lighten up, boy."
He slaps my ass, like saying "Get moving."

So I go in, shakin my head. Like I should know better than to trust
motherfucking Randy but now I'm kinda curious. Hell, I was a horny as
fuck teenage boy. It was pretty dark in there, just one light in the
ceiling at the far end, by the outside wall. There's Drago sitting
there on a table. (There was all sorts of shit piled up in there, kind
of a mess really.) His shirt was off, he was leaning back, his goddam
arms and tits looking so fucking swole, his fucking abs popping out
hard. And that goddam crotch bulge! The fucking light made it look
even bigger, even between them thick thighs.

"Close the door, boy, throw the bolt. Don't want nobody coming in
here." He was a fucking Marine alright, knew how to give orders and
sound like he meant business.

I did as ordered. And he's like, "Come here, boy. Stop. Take them
fucking shorts off." I was about ten feet away. Did what he said, but
was trying to turn to the side and keep my hands over my crotch while
I got them shorts off. I was getting a goddam boner. Goddam cock
always giving me away. I usually don't care if cock pops up hard when
I'm home with just Troy and Jake (or Johnny, as Randy always calls
him). Don't fucking know why I was so shy all of a sudden. He noticed
right away though.

"Move your goddam hands, boy." I was trying to act cool and moved my
hands away, like real casual. But goddamit, my cock was sticking up so
hard it was almost straight up. Drago gets this cocky smile, like a
smirk, on that fucking handsome face of his. "Get over here," is all
he says.

I walk over, kind of slow, trying not to let my hard on bounce too
much, cause I was real afraid I was going to start cumming.I guess
just seeing him there all fucking sexy as goddam fuck and knowing he
wanted my ass bad enough to pay for it was making me so goddam horny.
He's spreading his legs wider and makes me get right up against him,
then puts his hands on my shoulders and pulls me in close. "Goddam I'm
making your fucking dick hard, ain't I, boy?" He got this cocky little
smile on that handsome fucking face.

Then he just started rubbing his hands on my body like I was his
fucking piece of property, was cupping my pecs and then playing with
my titties a little, and my fucking tits was getting real hard and
that always makes me horny as a motherfucker. But he kept moving his
hands, going down lower but not touching my fuck stick. He gets his
fucking hands back on my pecs, kinda holding em and making em bounce a
little like they was some fucking chick's tits or something. He's
looking me in the eyes. I'm standing there letting this dude feel me
up while my dick's sticking straight up and straining hard, making me
feel like I was gonna cum any second. "You got some good tits on you,
jock boy." Turned out that was his favorite thing to call me, "Jock
boy." He started pinching on my titties and then rubbing em. I looked
down where his fingers was pinching my tit nubs over and over. I kinda
smiled. He smiled back at me, looking up in my eyes. Goddam he was a
handsome son of a bitch. "You a really goodlooking boy."

He started getting more aggressive. Got his fucking hand on my neck
and pulled me right up to his face, his goddam tongue coming out and
right on my lips, then fucking into my mouth. Got one leg up behind me
to pull me closer so that I was slam up on his body, and he's kissing
me like a horny motherfucker at the same time. Then he was reaching
down to get his cock out and let me catch my breath. But fuck, his
cock was all the way hard and a thick, long motherfucker, with a neat
little patch of blond cockbush trimmed down Marine Corps style. Big
foreskin, looked almost like a fucking animal's dick. Shit. I was
going to be able to hold back from cumming much longer I was getting
so goddam horny seeing that big piece of fuck all fucking hard and
jerking right up against mine. So when he got both our dicks in one of
his big hands and pushed the other hand between my legs to get a
finger up me, I knew I was going over the fucking edge. I guess he
could tell. Us men know that look when a cock's ready to start
shooting its fuck load.

"You gonna shoot, fucker? Goddam, you fucking whore!" He was kinda
laughing and smiling as my cock started pumping. Dirty fuck was using
both his hands to catch it and rub under my cockhead a little at the
same time. I was cummin like a son ofa bitch too. I mean like eight or
nine shots, thick as fuck. My whole goddam body was jerking with every
fucking shot of my fuckseed. Felt so fucking good and I wasn't even
strokin on it. That dirty fucking musclehead was catching it all in
his hands, big milky white pool of my jizz, laughing to himself and
calling me every dirty fucking name he could. "Motherfucking
cocksucking little fucking whore boy jock. Goddam homo motherfucker!"
Shit like that.

Then before I could do anything, he brings up his hands and starts
smearing all that fucking cum all over my goddam face, even rubbing
some in my high and tight. "You cum too soon like some kinda fucking
virgin pussy you gotta wear it, jock boy." He laughs. Goddam! Jake did
that kinda shit with me sometimes. All these fucking Marines all got
the same dirty fucking ideas, I guess. He keeps smearing it on my face
and then fucks a couple fingers in my mouth all of a sudden. "Suck
them goddam fingers boy. Suck em you little cocksucker." He was
getting off on all this dirty shit for sure. Then just as sudden, he
moves one hand down between my legs, still fingerfucking my mouth. And
sure as fuck, he moves that hand past my balls and starts strokin my
fuckin taint. And then there goes that fucking middle finger of his
right into my goddam hole. It was like too fast or whatever and I
grunted kinda loud.

"There it is!" he laughs again. "There's that little jock pussy.
Ooo-wee that motherfucker's tight as fuck." He ain't just poking his
finger in me, he's fucking it in deep, feeling my fucking hole from
the inside. He grabs me with his other hand by the jaw making me look
straight at him, not blinking or nothing. Gets this kinda weird look
on his face, not angry but fucking sexy as hell. "You fucking whore.
Letting some dude you don't even know stick his finger in your pussy.
And you're still hard as a motherfucker." I was. Feeling his goddam
hard on rubbing on mine wasn't helping neither. I started to say, "I
don't go soft very fast." But before I could finish, bam! big wad of
his spit right on my fuckin mouth. Then he smashes his face against
mine and here comes that thick tongue pushin in my mouth. And I know
that motherfucker was tasting my cum, wanting it like the fucking boy
fucker he was.At the same time his finger was friggin the hell outa my
asshole. Goddam it made me horny!

Then his finger comes outa my asshole, he slaps me a little hard on
the balls, lets go my face. "Turn around. Show me that ass, jock boy."
I'm still between his legs and just start turning around. He's like,
"Not like that, dumb ass. Bend down, like you was hiking a football."
I did what he wanted, feeling really awkward and straining a little.
He kicks my foot a little to make me spread wider. "Yeah like that.
You play football, don't you, boy? Bet you get a hard on in your cup
seeing all them asses bent over on the scrimmage line, huh? Thinking
bout your buddies little jock pussies." Fuck, he wasn't lying!

I'm bent over, hands on the ground, legs spread pretty goddam wide, my
ass in the air. And I feel his fuckin hands on me. Not where I expect
though. He's cuppin my balls, kinda like hefting em, feeling em the
fuck up. Fucking turned me on. I was dripping again. "You fuck a few
of em on the regular, don't you." Wasn't really asking. I was thinking
fucking Jake been running his mouth, telling his goddam Devil Dog
buddies about all the shit we get up to. "Bet they give you a good
poke in return. And I know goddam Johnny," that's Jake, my daddy, "I
know he gettin him some of that high school jock pussy." Fuckin A, he
did. There was two of my buddies he'd fucked more then once.

Then them hands was on my ass, just rubbing them fucking asscheeks,
slapping me a little. "That is a hot fucking ass, jockboy. And that
goddam perfect little jock pussy." I guess he was just looking at my
fucking hole, cause he sure as fuck wasn't touching it, just playing
with my asscheeks. I wasn't gonna tell him to finger my hole, I had
some goddam pride left, but goddam! I was getting horny for it. "You
know you and yer daddy got the same goddam ass, same goddam pussy." He
said it like he was laughing, and still fucking feeling up my ass. God
he was making me crazy. Like, what the fuck hadn't Jake been telling
us, you know?

"You fuck him?" I couldn't help it. I wanted to know, fucking turned
me on so bad hearing all this shit about Jake. Big muscled up
motherfucking macho Jarhead Jake. Shit!

He just kept massaging my ass muscles, said kinda soft like he was
talking to hisself. "Oh fuck yeah, jock boy. I popped yer old man's
boycunt more times then I can count. Fuck, when we was in TQ I poked
that motherfucker almost every fucking day. That fuckin muscle boy was
always bendin over for my dick. Made so much fucking cum up that
fucking slut." (TQ was in Iraq, one of them forward operating bases,
they call em.)

"One of the tightest fucking pussies I ever fucked," he said and wham!
Two fingers right up my goddam asshole. I grunted loud, "Goddam!" Felt
him dripping spit on my hole, them goddam fingers going in and out,
fucking in me nonstop.

He gave me a hard slap on my ass. "You ready to get that jock pussy
fucked, boy?!" I was like, fuck yeah! but could only grunt. So he just
grunted back at me and said, "Turn around. Suck." I'll never fucking
forget how he knew just what the hell he was doing and knew he could
just fucking order me to do whatever he wanted. I scrambled around, he
was still just sitting on the edge of that table, his legs spread out,
his big fuckstick just bobbing and jerking there between his legs,
them big shaved fucking balls hanging down low. Goddam, I wanted that
cock in his mouth. And that was turning him on. He told me to squat
down, but I was too low and had to get my hands on them fuckin muscle
thighs to go down on him.

Yeah, and what he was doing, was making me fucking work for it. Jake
was the same way with me, had to goddam work to get that cock. And I
get it now, now that I fuck boys, like frat boy jocks or fucking boot
Devil Dogs. I fucking want em to show me how much they want my fucking
cock. And more important I fucking want em to show theirselves how
much they want Cock. Like so much they's willing to make their mouth
like a pussy for me to fuck, and keep their goddam teeth outa the way,
and use that fucking tongue they use to lick their girlfriend's pussy
to make my dick feel good. And I know goddam Drago was the same
fucking goddam way. Mainly cause the motherfucker kept running his
goddam mouth while I sucked his cock.

"Look at me, jock boy." He was staring right back at me, that goddam
handsome motherfucker. "Yeah, want you to see I know your my fucking
little homo jockboy, do any goddam thing I tell you just to get my
fucking dick in you. Goddam, you fucking horny little homo
motherfucker!" It was shit like that, just fuckin nonstop. He had me
just sucking on his foreskin, getting my tongue inside it, looking up
in his eyes the whole goddam time, cocky ass smile on his goodlooking
face, just fuckin enjoying the hell outa seeing his Marine buddy's boy
suckin on his piss tube. Then I had to suck it hard, fucking my mouth
on him. That got the motherfucker really turned the fuck on.

"Jesus fuckin Christ, boy!! You sucking on my cock harder then my
fuckin wife!! And that fuckin bitch gets horny as fuck for this dick!"
he was laughing for real, just pushing his hips out to make his cock
stick out so I could suck it. Told me to get my ass up, even though it
was awkward as hell, but the fucker wanted to get his hands on my ass
again. "Wonder if your pussy gets as wet as hers does." And sure as
fuck, he quits playing with my asscheeks and a finger goes all the way
in me. "GodDAM, yer wet jock boy!" He laughed again, really loving the
way I was sweatin back there. "How come all you fucking muscle jocks
like getting dick in yer pussy, huh?" I know he didn't think I was
gonna answer, didn't expect an answer anyhow. But I got my mouth off
his cock long enough to say, "Feels so goddam good, that's why."

He just grunted, then said, "Fuck that shit. It's cause all you
fucking jockboy homo's like getting fucked like a girl by a fucking
man." He pulled his cock and his finger outa me. Made me stand up,
hand under my chin, looking me straight in the eye. Goddam, his
muscles were pumped and he looked so fucking goodlooking under the
light like that. "Ain't that right?! Say it. Say, I like when a man
fucks me like a girl." So y'all can see why I remember fuckin Drago so
good. Dude was fucking intense. And hot as fuck. Shit!

He was looking all turned on and worked up, kinda a half smile, his
eyes half closed, sexy as hell. So I said it. "I like when a man fucks
me like a girl."

"Now say, I want yer dick in my cunt."

Don't know why, but I was shy about saying that. But I fuckin did. "I
want your dick in my cunt." Felt so fucking dirty and nasty saying it
to this dude I just met. But it felt fucking hot too. Like I was
learning that when it comes to fucking, there ain't no reason to
fucking hold back. Just like Randy said, the fucker.

"Drago" gets this kinda crazy smile on his face, gettin all up close
to me and goes, "Then bend over, jock boy, and stick that fuckin ass
up where I can fuck it."

I get back down in that goddam "hiking the football" position, and
fuck, soon as I do, here's fuckin Drago's finger touching my hole.
Rubbing, poking in me a little, smearing spit around he was drooling
down on it. And then I felt that hot fucking cockhead touching my
fuckin pussy and he just sticks it in hard, just the cockhead. But
fuck, that was enough. Goddam, ain't gonna lie, it hurt about as much
as Randy's big fat cockhead. But just like I been taught, I loosen up
back there, push back while he just slow and steady fucks it deeper
and deeper. "So goddam tight," I hear him whisper. I'm thinking, hell
yeah, motherfucker, got me a real tight fucking pussy. Why you think
Jake likes fucking me all the time? But I don't do nothing but grunt
and keep pushing. That fat long meat rifle was fucking me up!
Specially being bent over like that. But I'm moving my ass to slide
back and forth on his dick like a good bitch is suppose to do.

Drago's like, "Slow down, boy. Yer too fucking tight, you gonna make
me shoot." But after a minute, big fucker got it under control and
started fucking me slow, then faster and faster, like he wanted to
hold back but his cock was feeling so goddam good, he couldn't. And
you know I was fucking my ass back on his cock, feeling real goddam
good now, loving that fucking big dick filling me the fuck up. I was
getting where I was ready to make my fuckin seed again, wanting to
shoot when I felt him squirting in my asshole. But he all of a sudden
like slammed into me, them big balls right on my skin under my
fuckhole, his fuckin bush mashed on the skin over it. And that
motherfucking cock jerking and jumping inside my hole. Buttfucker was
cummin so goddam hard I could feel it hitting the inside of my
fuckpussy.

"Goddam, motherfucking...Jesus fucking Christ!!" He was swearing like
a goddam Marine, hahaha. Then he pulls out and goes, "Get your goddam
mouth on it!" And just like that I was spun around on my knees with
that fucking cock right in my face and then my mouth all around it,
sucking down his cum shots as fast as I could.

"Oh goddam! Goddamit!" he kept saying it over and over, breathing real
hard, and holding hisself up on the edge of the table. Then he pushed
me off his dick. And the motherfucker rubbed my head like I was a
fuckin puppy or something. "Fuck boy, you is fucking good! A fucking
whore like yer daddy." But he was smiling while he said it. Then he
grabbed me around the neck again to pull me in for a big kiss, tongue
in my mouth and everything. "All right," he said pulling away. "Get
outa here. Tell yer brother to get his ass in here." Motherfucker was
ready to goddam go again! Fuck me. Course, I was still horny as fuck
after that, didn't even get to fucking cum, so my cock was hard as
fuck. But he just started walking to the door, so I followed him,
picked up my shorts, tried to get em on over my hard on (didn't really
work). And he was all like "no big deal, just two bro's getting their
fuck on." That was probly the hottest part of it almost, him telling
me what a good fuck I was, standing there with his cock out and me
with cum in my hair, on my goddam face, running out my asshole down my
leg. And he's kinda like telling me, that's fucking how us men do it.
Just fucking go all out and then go on with what we was doing. Made me
even more horny.

He leaned out the door as I was leaving to show me where Randy and
them would be, pointed out the backdoor and telling me he wanted to
see Troy right away. He gave my ass one last slap, and then I was
moving fast before somebody come in the lockerroom and saw me looking
like I just been gang raped.

(Next time I'm gonna tell ya'll about Randy's Marine Corps buddy JT
and what a dirty fucker he turned out to be. And his "friend" Marco.
And then the nearest thing to a fucking orgy I ever was in before
joining the Corps. Remember you can always write and tell me what you
think at APatroclus1990@gmail.com or on my twitter @APatroclus. Big
thanks to my buddy Z for looking it over. And support NIFTY!!!)

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Mon, 16 Dec 2019 13:16:26 -0500
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 6 (gay/incest/military)

Randy hit pause on the video, all three of us staring at the screen
with big fucking hard ons after watching him and Jake going at it so
hard and nasty. And remember, we was all still naked as fuck, so there
wasn't no hiding them hard cocks from each other. I thought we was
going to just go for it right then and there, you know, suck and fuck
til we got them hard dicks to go down. But Randy was all business now.
He stood up, looking so fine, them big beautiful muscles all pumped up
cause he was so fucking horny, his eight inch cock sticking straight
out, the cockhead pushing out his long foreskin.

"Let's go, motherfuckers. Get cleaned up if you gotta. Grab some
shorts and some towels. Won't need no shirt. We gotta get to the gym
like now!"

Me and Troy look at each other like "What the fuck?" Troy said
something like, "Get cleaned up?" and sounding like a dumb fuck.

Randy leans down in his face with this evil smile and goes, "Yer
pussy, boy. Douche that fucking little cunt of yours if you need to.
Yer both gonna be busy this afternoon." Then he shouted in a fucking
Drill Instructor voice, "Move yer goddam asses, motherfuckers!" But he
smiled to show he wasn't really pissed off.

We looked at each other again, both wanting to fuck instead of go lift
but we got up and did what he told us.

JAKE IN ACTION

Before I get to the rest of it, I wanted to tell about what came after
on that vid of Jake and Randy fucking like two goddam wild men, cause
it really shows what Jake was like back then when he was deploying
like every six months.

So, I guess it was a little while after the part with him and Randy
ended, cause it showed Jake standing there in that bedroom they was
in, kinda smiling and looking all pleased with himself, big fucking
rockhard cock sticking out while he's kinda half leaning on some
dresser or whatever. Turns out Randy was doing the filming now. Don't
know what happened to Air Force dude. But Jake like I said was just
looking at the camera with this hot smile, all his sexy muscles kinda
pumped and sweaty. You could see fucking cum on his crotch and chest,
and he's smoking a cig and blowing the smoke at the camera.

You hear Randy say, "You gonna smoke or you gonna fuck, bitch?"

Jake goes, "Motherfucker, I'm getting the taste of your goddam piss
outa my mouth." Made me laugh the first time I heard it--don't know
when that happened or what went down after they turned off the camera,
but I remembering thinking, "Fuck, they're so goddam nasty."

Randy goes, "You know you love it, you cunt."

Jake just smiles back at him, sticking his tongue out like in a
pussy-licking kind of motion. Then he pushes himself off the dresser
and heads for the door. Soon as he opens it, there's loud, thumping
bass and crazy loud rock music coming from somewhere close.

"Where you going, boy?" Randy says, laughing, following along behind
him, so you could see Jake's hot muscular ass. They go out into the
little hallway and turn left to where there's this little stairway
that leads down into this kind of half basement. You know, the kind
with sliding glass doors that lead out to the backyard.

Only, there's a fuck ton of Marines crammed into that little half
basement. There's like so much cigarette smoke it's like a fog almost,
but you can see all these jarheads drinking and joking around, talking
real loud over the music, most of em with their shirts off, and
they're like in groups around the chicks they brung to the party. Over
in the corner you can see one totally naked devil dog fucking this
chick from behind while a group of his buddies was all watching and
yelling shit. Closer to the stairs was two chicks making out, tits
out, a bunch of horny Marines watching and copping feels. And the
biggest group was in the middle of the room where there was this kind
of low table--like a coffee table I guess it's called. Some stoned out
chick was on top of it on all fours getting railed doggy by this
jacked Marine. It was pretty fucking obvious that everybody was
fucking drunk off their ass.

And fucking Jake, he just went down them stairs all naked and swole,
cock still hard as fuck, smoking on his cig, like it wasn't nothing to
get in with all them jarheads stark fucking naked. When they saw him,
them devil dogs let out this big fucking cheer, half laughing and half
whooping when they saw his big ol cockstand. He pushed his way through
them, saying something with this big smile on his face. Somebody gave
him a bottle of vodka and he took a long swig of it. Them two chicks
that were lezzing out for the jarheads were pretty close to him and
started feeling up his chest and abs, grabbing his cock, while he was
swigging fire water. Looked like they was saying something to him,
probably wanting his fuck. I mean that was what all the chicks there
wanted, jarhead cock, that's why they fucking came in the first place.

But Jake just kinda ignored em and went over to where that chick was
getting fucked doggy on the table. The Marine fucking her pussy had a
good body, plenty jacked, lots of tattoos on his arms and back, a
little one on his left asscheek. Goodlooking in a kinda country boy
way, you know, kinda big nose but not too big, small ears, pretty
eyes, and the kinda headshape that looks real good in a high and
tight. Well, he's just pumping away in that slut, lost in the fuck,
and Jake comes up to him, probably poking his leg with that long cock,
and taps him on the ass a few times.

Instead of being pissed off, the devil dog smiles real broad when he
sees Jake standing there. Jake leans in to say something in his ear.
The dude smiles and pulls a good size cock out of the chick's cunt and
pulls the rubber off. She's looking back over her shoulder now,
probably wondering why she ain't getting his dick no more. Jake looks
at her, says something dirty probably (cause they all laughed), sticks
two fingers in her cunt and pumps her hard. "Give her a goddam cock,
motherfuckers!" Jake shouts real loud to the whole fucking room, and
there's a big shout from the jarheads standing around.

Jake puts his cig in his mouth, grabs the dude's wrist and starts
pulling him along behind him. Everybody's watching now, laughing and
cat calling, but Jake just keeps moving through em and heading back to
the stairs, that other boy behind him, still hard, sorta laughing
along with everybody else. When they get to the stairs, about five or
six Marines crowd around the bottom making all these "ooooh" kinda
sounds, a couple of em making the "fuck" gesture, you know, a finger
of one hand going in and out a tight little fist on the other hand.

The dude looks back at em, laughs, and shouts "Fuck you!!" real loud.
"Fuck you!!" and gives em the finger. Everybody just laughs, and over
all that loud music you hear some of em yelling "Bitch!!" and
"Johnny's bitch boy!!" (Johnny was what like everybody called Jake
back then.) At the top of the stairs Jake lets go of the devil dog's
hand, turns around to look at them fucking Marines down below. He
plants his feet way far apart, grabs a hold of his cock, balls and
all, and wags it at em, laughing a little. They're all laughing back.
"Daddy got a sweet cock!!" is the only thing I can really make out
that they say. Then he lets go and tosses his cig down at em to make
em scatter. But they just yell "Shit!" or something like that and
dodge it and stay right where they at.

Jake turns around and grabs the devil dog by his ass and uses his body
to push him up against the wall right there in that little hallway. He
gets ahold of his wrists and pins his arms up by his head, slam up
against the wall, Jake pressing in on him with his whole fucking body.
Randy's filming all this shit from behind and you can see Jake's big
muscular back all flexed out and his muscle ass pumping. He's like
humping on the Marine, their faces real close together. Fucking Randy
moves in close so you can see them two goodlooking studs' faces,
filling up the screen. Jake gives the Marine a big kiss, his mouth
open, tongue going inside his mouth, holding it like that for a long
fucking time. Then he pulls out, licks up the side of his face and
goes, "You got some pussy for your daddy?"

The Marine is all red faced, real excited like, looking straight in
Jake's eyes. "Hell yeah bro," he says in this kinda shaky voice.
"Whatever you want man, you know that."

Randy moves the camera down so you can see them muscle tits pressed
against each other, the tit nubs you can see on both of em are as hard
as cocks. Jake's stiff dick is humping a little against that devil
dog's flat lower abs and the thick blunt head going in and out his
foreskin. The devil dog's dick is kinda sticking out across Jake's
thigh, looking real hard, like too hard.

Randy goes back up to their faces and you hear Randy saying from
behind the camera, "I didn't know you was a fucking homo, Ty." Dude's
last name was Tyler or Tyson or some redneck name like that--everybody
called him Ty or "Devil Dick" cause he was always real horny or
something like that--that's what Randy told me anyway.

Ty looks at the camera. Jake's licking up along his neck and up to his
ear on the other side. "Yeah, motherfucker, I'm homo for Johnny. Real
fucking homo."

Randy moves the camera down to show just how homo Ty is by showing his
cock sticking out hard as fuck. Then you see Randy slip a hand down
between Ty's legs, up under a nice pair of balls, and you know he's
getting his goddam finger in that devil dog's pussy. Jake's saying, "I
want your cunt boy...wanna fuck it and cum in it. Fuck you like a
motherfuckin bitch." Just all this hot fucking shit.

Camera stays on their two cocks while Jake's frigging Ty's fuckhole.
Then all of a sudden like, this big long white rope of cum goes
shooting out Ty's piss hole. "Jesus, motherfucker's cumming bro" Randy
says real loud.

"Goddamit" Jake says. But like quick as fuck he's squatting down and
got his fucking mouth on that boy's dick taking all his fucking cum.
Ty's hips is jerking and bucking like a man does when he's making cum,
but Jake's got his mouth clamped down hard, probably using his tongue
to make him shoot it all out. You see Ty's hand go down on Jake's head
trying to push him away. But Jake won't budge, motherfucker just keeps
sucking on him, draining his goddam balls. I think I know why too.
Jake always gets off fucking a dude who already done shot his cum,
cause that way he just gets his fucking pleasure from Jake's cock in
his fucking pussy, and that makes goddam Jake feel like a fucking
stud. Likes to watch em get hard again and ready to cum from just
being his bitch.

When Jake finally lets go and Ty's cock slips out his mouth half hard,
Jake brings his hands up and clamps em on Ty's hips to make him spin
around so he facing the wall. Grabs on his ass cheeks and spreads em
as far apart as he can, so you can see that perfect little pucker of
pussy that Ty got and then just fucking spits all that cum on his
crack, so it runs right over his fuckhole. Randy's aiming the camera
straight down so you can see everything, his fucking dick was probably
harder then fuck the whole goddam time. Jake's using his fingers to
get that cum up in Ty's tight little pussy and then using them to
stretch him out a little at the same time.

Then he stands up after taking a couple licks on that tight little
hole, spits some more cum out on his hand and lubes his cock up.
"Gonna fuck you with your own goddam sperm, bitch" he says to Ty with
this cocky grin on his goodlooking face. And then, Jake style, he
punches his fat cockhead into that sweet cunt and keeps pushing till
his cockbush is all you can see, just fucking burying that goddam bone
all the way up his buddy's pussy.

They both grunt and say something. Jake's like, "Goddam...fuck!" and
Ty's like, "Jesus Christ motherfucker!! Fuck!!" Hell yeah, he's
getting assfucked by Jake and that means you gotta be ready for a
little pain. Then he starts fucking him, holding him close. Randy
pulls back with the camera so you can see both them fine bodies. Ty's
got his hands up on the wall bracing himself like, but his muscle
packed legs is straining every goddam muscle cause he's up on his
toes, popping that pretty ass back and up like a real homo bitch.
Jake's all over him, holding him by his tits, his head over Ty's left
trap, so he can kiss and lick on him while he dicks the hell outa his
ass. It made my dick so hard the first time I watched it seeing them
two muscle bodies moving in that fucking movement, especially Jake's
big body and his round hot ass going back and forth, clenching tight
when he was fucking his cock all the way into that Ty dude.

Randy moves in closer with the camera til all you can see is their
upper bodies glued together, Jake's hands holding that bitch by the
hips now. Then Randy's hand comes into view, and goes straight for
Ty's left titty. Randy ain't just rubbin it, he's fucking massaging
that little fucker then pinching on it, tickling on the underside. And
then he does the same to his other titty, getting them little nubs to
stick out hard. He moves the camera up and you see Ty's goodlooking
face all slack jawed, taking that fuck in his ass, just fucking
gooning out on that cock in his pussy. Randy sticks a couple fingers
in Ty's mouth, and he aint gentle about it. But Ty sucks them goddam
fingers like they was a cock. Randy moves the camera down and you see
Ty's dick back up hard and twitching. He got one of them dicks that
stands almost straight up when he's hard. About half of his cockhead
is coming out through his foreskin. Then here comes Randy's fucking
hand, grabbing a hold of that dick and strokin on it a little, going
down to his balls to feel them fuckers up. Then he's pulling on Ty's
foreskin and pinching on it. He uses his pointing finger to touch on
his pisshole, and this long string of precum stretching from Ty's
dickhead to Randy's finger.

"Goddam bro" Randy's saying. "This bitch is fucking red hot right now."

"Goddam right" Jake says, kinda breathing hard. "You wantin some of
this pussy bro?"

"No shit motherfucker" Randy says with this little laugh. "His and yours both."

The camera goes crazy, just this blur of shit, and then it was over.
It fucking bummed me out there wasn't no more. I asked Randy about it
later. He said they did all kinds of fucking. "Every fucking hole of
all three of us got fucked" he told me, "while they was running a
train downstairs on his fucking girlfriend."

GOING TO THE GYM

Alright, back to getting ready to go lift. We got cleaned up real
fast, dug through our fucking bags til we found some basketball shorts
and tank tops, went back to the living room. Pretty quick Randy comes
down the  stairs wearin nothing but a cut off t shirt, but like, the
sleeves was cut off to show off them bulging guns of his but he cut
off some of the bottom too, so you could see the lower half of his
eight pack. His cock was floppin back and forth half hard, smacking on
them swole as fuck thighs. He's holding his shoes and shorts. He takes
one look at us, shakes his head back and forth a little.

"Goddamit boys" he said grabbin at my shorts. "What the fuck is these
goddam fucking baggy things? And I said you didnt need no fucking
shirts. Get them fuckin things off. Grab a couple towels from the
head." Then he went back upstairs, giving us a nice look at his hot
ass.

When he came back down he was all dressed, he sure as fuck had on
baggy wore-out shorts, wore em low enough you could see the top of his
ass cheeks and a little of his big cock bush. He threw a couple pair
of running shorts at us, said they was his from back in high school.
So we stripped outa what we had on, and when he saw we was wearing
underwear he did this big fake eye roll thing and breathed out hard,
like he was losing patience.

"Holy fucking shit, you goddam church lady motherfuckers, get that
goddam underwear off. Fuck."

We looked at each other smiling, kind of embarrassed. And of course
our dicks were more than half hard, so Randy could see we was still
horned up and getting hot with him standing there. Fucking Troy got
all the way hard once the air hit his cock, so when he pulled on
Randy's old running shorts, his fuckstick went straight out the leg
hole. I reached over to stroke it, thinking he might pop, just being
an asshole brother. Troy just laughed and slapped my hand away. "Hands
off homo!" Made me laugh. Then when I got mine on, they was even
smaller. Like no goddam way I could cover up my ass and my balls. If I
pulled em down low enough so my fuckin sack didnt hang out, the top
half of my ass was showing. I was like, "Randy, c'mon man...no fucking
way I'm wearing these fucking shorts man."

He's standing there, not trying to hide the boner he's getting,
smartass smile on his face. Then he shakes his head. "Nah, you ain't
gonna pussy out on me. C'mon, Motherfucker. I got plans for you both,
and we's late."

So, this gym Randy was so hot to go to was a ways off, like thirty
minutes. So we're sitting in this hot ass cab, no fucking AC, windows
down, the goddam bumpy ride from his shitty shocks making it fuckin
impossible to get our cocks to go down, and we was fucking horny as
hell anyway. Pretty quick after we hit the road, Randy musta seen me
and Troy smiling at each other and kinda shaking our heads, cuz we
were both thinking about that fucking vid Randy showed us.

"What you two horny motherfuckers smiling about?" Randy said, giving
us that big white smile.

I couldn't hold it in any longer. "That fucking video man!" I said
laughing real loud. Troy at the same time said, "That goddam video!"

I said "I still can't believe it." Troy's cakcling, "I know right!?"

"What?" Randy said.

"Jake getting his ass fucked" Troy said. "And fucking loving it."

"Yer goddam right he loved it. Still does" Randy said, laughing a
little. "Remember, you fuckers, that's our goddam secret. Don't go
telling Johnny I showed you that."

"Well, how'd all that start?" I wanted to know. "I mean, you two
fucking and doin all that homo shit." I really wanted to know.

This is what Randy told us, only I took out all the interruptions and
shit. He was looking down the road the whole time almost, like he was
picturing it.

FIRST TIME THAT JAKE (JOHNNY) GOT FUCKED, ACCORDING TO RANDY

(Randy talking.) Well, you know Johnny's a goodlooking dude right? I
mean real goodlooking. Well, he was a real handsome boy too, thick
black curly hair, them blue as fuck eyes. So, when he was about
thirteen or fourteen, and I was about nine or ten, our mama took up
with a new dude. She went through em real fast sometimes. This one
stayed around for a long while, like a few years. He was what you'd
call a pretty boy, I guess. Your grandma really liked them pretty
dudes. You know, pretty blue eyes, mouth, jaw. Lots of dark brown hair
he parted in the middle. A little mustache and chin hair like a
fuckboy. And he was jacked. Been in and out of prison, so he was all
tatted up, but he had some good muscle on him, specially his pecs and
arms. And he was real fuckin proud of his abs. Went around the house
without a shirt most of the time, just wore some ratty old jeans. Oh
yeah, and he had a big ass cock hanging on him, long and thick too.

One day after he'd been shacked up with our mama for a couple months,
Johnny came home from practice by hisself and was taking a shower.
Only, see, he didn't know Jesse was there too...that was his name
Jesse. (That's about the only name I really remember from Randy's
stories.) So Johnny gets outa the shower and he's dryin hisself off
when the door open and in comes fuckin Jesse just wearin a pair of
boxers. Now some of this Johnny told me and some of it I just figured
out for myself. But anyways, Jesse gets right up behind Johnny and
starts like massagin his shoulders, bending his head down and getting
his mouth real close to his ear. Johnny said it creeped him out but I
know it turned him on a little too.

Anyways, he says real soft like in his ear, "You know, Johnny, you're
a real goodlookin boy, and you got a nice body." He starts getting
real handsy, like feeling Johnny up along his arms and then down his
chest and abs. "We could have some fun together boy." Johnny said he
could feel his boner on his ass, he was pressing against him so hard.

Johnny tried to get away from him, probly said "Get off me you fucking
homo!" I mean, he had a mouth on him even then. But fuckin Jesse
wasn't gonna let him off that easy. He got them big arms around him
and lifted him up, carried him through the door there that went
straight into the bedroom where he'd been fuckin our mama the night
before. He throwed Johnny face down and before he could get up and get
the fuck outa there, he was on him, like sitting on him, pinning his
arms down with his knees and just holding him flat with his body
weight. Then he slapped Johnny's ass kinda hard a few times, laughin
while he did it.

"Gonna fuck that hot ass of yours boy, and there ain't nothing you can
do to stop it." And he was like laughing when he said it. Then he
flipped around so he's facing Johnny's ass, gets his hands on them two
perfect round cheeks and spread em. Johnny couldnt believe what he did
next. I mean it was the first time he ever felt something like that.
Jesse using his tongue on his hole, lickin on it hard, getting into
that little ring of muscle. Then he felt his finger on it, rubbing
around, starting to go inside him.

"Whooeee!!" Jesse was laughing, "that is one beautiful pussy!" Well,
Johnny's yelling his goddam head off but Jesse put a stop to that,
slapping him hard on the back of the head. "Shut your goddam mouth
boy. Like I said, you're getting fucked and you can't do nothing to
stop it."

He licked him some more, got them fingers in there again, and I guess
he decided he was as ready as he was gonna get. He stood up and just
as soon as he felt that weight off him, Johnny tried to get up and run
out. But Jesse just slammed him back into the mattress with his foot.
Then he fell down on top of him. He was all the way naked now, got rid
of his boxers, and was dragging his cock over Johnny's hole, now all
wet and slimy with spit. He felt Jesse's hand back there pushing his
ass cheeks apart and then something right on his hole, something hot
and wet, that big cockhead wantin in his pussy. Then it started
pushing inside him. When Johnny started yelling, Jesse clapped a hand
over his mouth, told him "shut the fuck up you little bitch!" And then
he kept on pushing in, never letting up. Johnny said he was goin crazy
cuz it hurt so bad. And Jesse's body was laying on him, holding him
down so he couldn't stop it, a hand over his mouth so he couldn't even
really yell.

"Push out with your asshole Johnny, like you was taking a shit...it'll
go in easier." Johnny said he did what he told him cause he wanted it
to be over with, but as soon as he did, that fat hard on went further
inside him, said it was like it was splitting his guts. It hurt so
much and was stretchin his hole so wide, he thought the whole fucking
thing was in him, but it was only halfway in. Then Jesse started
pullin his cock slowly back out and Johnny thought he was gonna let
him go. But nah, that motherfucker was just starting to slow fuck him.
And like every boy who's ever had cock up his ass, he found out it
don't hurt after a while. And Johnny said that cock slow fucking in
and out started to feel good, like real goddam good. Pretty soon, he
could feel them big balls that hung on Jesse swinging up to hit him on
his fucking taint, and that got him feeling even more horny, he said,
cuz it was so nasty. And after a while he didn't even know he was
doing it but he started fucking his ass back a little when that cock
was thrusting in him. Jesse noticed right away.

"That's right you little fucker, fuck that goddam ass on my cock.
C'mon." He flipped him over then, wanting to fuck him face to face.
Johnny was all embarrassed as fuck when he did, cuz now fucking Pretty
Boy could see Johnny was hard as fuck. Johnny said Jesse really liked
that, had this big grin on his face and wrapped his hand around
Johnny's dick when he was lining up his own cock to fuck him some
more. Only this time, Johnny could see that long thick fuckstick going
inside his asshole. He couldn't believe how that big fucking thing
just slid right up in him till them balls was touching his asscheeks
underneath and that hairy cockbush was ticklin his taint and his nuts.
Jesse started to fuck him again, faster this time, and the
motherfucker was jacking on Johnny's hard dick at the same time.

Then he got up on Johnny, his chest pressing against Johnny's, them
lean bellies coming together trapping Johnny's hard on between em.
Johnny said it felt nasty and dirty and hot as fuck all at the same
time. Like he was coming alive everywhere, not just his fucking pussy
and cock, but his little titties and his mouth, and just like
everywhere on his skin. That's when he just like by instinct wrapped
his arms around that broad muscle back and got his legs up around
Jesse's ass. Said he didn't know why, but he just wanted to let Jesse
do whatever he wanted. He seemed like the most beautiful fucking man
in the world to him right then. Said he'd never forget that look on
Jesse's face, just like two inches above his, when he grabbed onto him
like that.

"You like that don't you Johnny boy? Feels good getting fucked by a
man, don't it, boy? You were made for fucking, son...that hot face,
hot body...perfect little pussy..." Then he licked his face, and
Johnny started to lose it. Then he kissed Jesse, like he couldn't stop
himself. When he felt that fucker's tongue pushing into his mouth, he
wasn't grossed out or nothing like that. Fuck no, he started cumming.
He couldn't fuckin believe it. Jesse was slamming his fuck into him so
hard, like slam thrusting and then staying up in him for a second,
then slam fucking into him again. Johnny never came that much or that
hard, said his cum was running down both sides of his abs. And that
grinding motion of Jesse's abs on his dick just made him keep cumming.
He didn't know until later that them slam-fuckthrusts was Jesse making
his cum inside his pussy. Didn't know til the motherfucker pulled out
and rolled over on his back, laughing a little, and breathing heavy.

"Goddam boy!" Jesse said looking over at him and smiling. "That is the
best goddam motherfucking pussy I ever fucked."

After his cum, Johnny said he felt real embarrassed, like ashamed
even, laying there naked, big pool of semen on his belly, his asshole
feeling wet and sticky. He was groaning something like "Oh god". You
know, kinda whining like a little bitch. That's when Jesse really got
to him. He rolled over against him, pulled his hand away from his face
and said, "Hey, hey, hey, Johnny...c'mon now...what's the matter with
you boy? Ain't nothing to worry about...I mean, goddam, I seen grown
men cum hard like that from getting fucked in the ass. It's only
natural, or else it wouldn't feel so goddam good, right? I mean, I
been fucked too...hell yeah, got some big ol cocks in this little
pussy of mine...came like a motherfucker every time. Ain't nothing to
worry about, boy." Shit like that, til he had Johnny smiling and ready
to go again.

They fucked a lot after that, like almost every day. Jesse taught him
how to suck cock, how to lick out a man's asshole, suck his balls,
kiss dirty, all that shit. And then Johnny taught me, told me about
every fucking thing them two homo motherfuckers did together. Never
fucking told a soul. We thought it was hot, and we sure as fuck were
horny most of the time, especially Johnny. And at one point we looked
up some shit on the internet, you know, and found out like about them
ancient Greeks. And we read that boys about Johnny's age was getting
fucked by an older dude, usually right around Jesse's age, kinda like
their protector and teacher...but their fucking stud too. So, like, it
didn't seem like a big deal. Seemed more like something that men just
did by instinct, I mean wanting to fuck a goodlooking boy that was old
enough to enjoy it. So, yeah, that dirty fuckin Jesse basically got
away with rape. But from what I heard, he ended up back in prison for
something or other. So I guess he didn't totally get away with it, in
a way.

RANDY'S PLAN

I ain't gonna lie, I think Randy was trying to keep us as horny as
possible telling us all that. Turns out, he had been cooking up this
plan with a couple of his buddies we didn't even know about. And
keeping us horny as fuck was part of it. He kinda let us in on it, but
not like upfront but more like dropping hints, you know? So he
pretended like he didn't notice the fuckin boners me and Troy was
throwin in them skimpy little shorts, like he couldn't see them
cockheads poking out the leg hole. He just kept his eyes on the road.

"Speaking of them ancient Greeks" he said as we got to the outskirts
of W. "there's something else me and Johnny learned back then. There
was some of em, don't remember which ones, they would hand over their
boys once they got their man balls, you know, started making cum ...
hand em over to a uncle or a older cousin to take with em for a month
or so up in the hills. The uncle would teach the boy about hunting,
using a spear, how to fight and ... how to fuck. Make em into a real
man who'd know everything there was to know about fucking...and not be
goddam shy about doing it. Some of them things on the internet said
they didn't actually fuck. But I know goddam males real good, and if
there's one thing all men like it's hard dirty fucking. So I goddam
know good and well that them uncles was assfucking the boys, sucking
dick with em, and probably fucking all the goddam time they was up in
the hills."

"Some of em probly say they wasn't fucking cause they ain't never
fucked nobody" Troy said, like real serious about it.

"Fuckin goddam right, Honey" Randy said, smiling over at him. "Just
wrote books and shit, never got their dick in boy pussy, don't know
how good it feels. Well, anyways, Johnny and me figured we could do
something like that with ya'll two fuckers."

"What you mean? Go off to a hunting lodge or some shit?" I asked him.

"Fuck no, motherfucker," he laughed, handsome son of a bitch. "Teach
you two bout fucking."

"We already know every kind of homofuckin there is" Troy said.

"Yeah" Randy said, kinda squintin and tiltin his head, like he wasn't
real sure about that. "But you ain't realized yet all the shit you can
get away with. I think you're starting to get an idea, but Johnny and
me think I can show you some shit you ain't thought about up to now."

We were still on the outskirts of town, but Randy pulled off down this
long drive up to what we thought was a warehouse or something like
that. Turns out, this is the gym he was so hot to get to. "Alright,
motherfuckers, we goin in now. Just do whatever I tell you. Don't
worry bout nothing, alright? Randy got your asses covered. That's a
goddam promise."

(I'm gonna leave it here for now. I hope ya'll like it. It's kinda a
little more raw than usual I guess, but it's all just what happened,
without the boring shit or sidetracks. Next time is all about this
hard ass gym, getting whored out for the first time in my life,
hooking up with a ex-Marine buddy of Randy's, and some wild fucking.
Hey also ya'll, I'm working on a story with my Marine buddy Z. We're
gonna put it up on Nifty--support NIFTY ya'll!!--pretty soon. It's
gonna be called BRONZE AGE COCKBROTHERS and it takes place back in the
Bronze Age and is all about a elite army of swole homofucking badass
warriors and their adventures. Check out my twitter @APatroclus or
send me a email at APatroclus1990@gmail.com Later, ya'll!)

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Sat, 21 Sep 2019 13:16:34 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 5 (gay/incest/military)

MARINE FAMILY PART 5

(Thanks again all you fucking awesome twitter bros and gmail bros. Got
a lot of hot as fuck encouragement from some of ya'll, and so I have
finally sat my goddam lazy ass back down to write some more. Couldn't
get my Marine buddy Z. to look it over--motherfucker's in and out a
lot right now. So, some of the grammer and spelling is going to suck
hard. Hope you like it though. This is from that same summer, me and
my twin brother Troy was almost to turn 18 and staying with my half
uncle Randy in NC. As a matter of fact this part picks up right after
part 4 ends.)

So uncle Randy's girlfriend Brandi was screaming at him from the door
and then stomped off. We could hear her pounding her way up the stairs
and then upstairs. But she wasn't very big, cept her tits and ass, so
she had a hard time trying to make noise. And there we was like three
dumb as shit fuckheads, our cocks stuck in each other. Fucking Troy,
my brother and non identical twin, was in front, down on his elbows,
his ass sticking up in back like a fucking whore bitch, his pussy hole
getting stretched by goddam Randy's long thick cock. Then fucking
Randy, big dumb slab of fucking muscle, with his cock in Troy Boy's
fuckhole and my cock all the way up his fucking pussy, cause i was in
back of that goddam homo fuck train.

I don't know why, but I was worried Brandi was going to make trouble
or some shit, like tell everybody we was doing all this homo shit. So
I said to Randy something like, "You gonna go talk to her, man?"

Randy looks over his shoulder at me, a little smile on his real
goodlookin face. "Fuck no, Bo. What the fuck...who cares about that
stupid bitch? She just jealous she ain't getting any in her cunt. Just
keep fucking, motherfucker."

He got back down on Troy's back, fucking his cock in and out, and Troy
Boy was moaning and cussing like a fucking bitch boy. I was sorta
fucking Randy but just because his ass was moving back and forth on my
cock. I was still listening to Brandi making noise and yelling random
shit upstairs. So Randy stops, burying his cock all the way up fucking
Troy's cunt.

"Listen, goddamit," he says looking back at me again. "You just gonna
be some fucking little faggot bitch that can't fuck? Or you gonna be a
goddam man and fuck that cock like you had a pair?"

Yeah, it pissed me off, which I guess is what he wanted. I got a
little mad and said, "Fuck you, Randy! I'll fuck yer goddam ass!" And
I just started fucking him like Jake (that's me and Troy's daddy)
fucks me when he's real horny. I slapped the living shit out of his
muscle ass cheek at the same time I pulled back and fucked him all the
way, til my balls was against his fucking pussy. I did it again.

"Fuck!! Jesus Christ motherfucker!! That's what I'm fucking talking
about..." Only he didn't really finish talking cause I started fucking
him fast and all the way deep up his fuckhole, just over and over. I
got my hands up under his big swole arms and found his tits, them hot
thick fucking nubs with rings in em, and I started rubbing and
pinching them at the same time.

"Motherfucker!!" Randy was yelling loud, like he wanted Brandi to hear
him getting fucked. "Take it easy, Bo!"

I almost laughed cause I've said that to Jake so many times when he
fucked me rough. Like Jake, though, I laughed a little and told him,
"Shut the fuck up and take that dick, motherfucker!" I kept fucking
him hard like that, ended up pulling him back against my chest, and
his dick popped out of Troy. Goddam, it looked so fucking big, all
shiny with spit, big fucking veins on it, that thick, blunt cockhead
half covered with his foreskin. I fucking had to grab that fucking
thing. I started jerking him off. "That feel good, fucker?" I said.

Randy was just letting me do whatever the fuck I wanted with his body,
just a real fuckbitch. His big swole arms just throwed back, his legs
spread so I could fuck his pussy easy. "Fuck, Bo...you gonna make me
cum, motherfucker!"

Now Troy Boy was looking back over his shoulder, kinda frowning. "Put
it back in, goddamit Bo!" He back his ass up, all hiked up in the air,
the fucking hot bitch.

"Nah," I said laughing a little. I was enjoying being an asshole and
messing with their fucking. I fucking pushed up harder into Randy, he
grunted a loud "fuck!" I started rubbing his cockhead and just fucking
playing with it with one hand, while with the other I was still
feeling up his tits and abs. "You just a big fucking homo, aint you,
Randy?" I laughed again, Troy was swearing at me. But when I let go
Randy's cockhead and moved to feel his balls, I started going over the
edge. Something about them big fat fuckers, all covered with that
black hair and drawed up close on Randy's shaft, just ready to make
cum. I felt that hard jerk in my body and I knew I couldn't hold back.
I guess I was groaning, I grabbed ahold of Randy's waist, moving my
cock a little back and forth up in his pussy deep.

Then Randy started jerking like that too. Big motherfucker was
shooting his cum. I guess he got his cock back in Troy's little
fuckpussy after a couple of shots because my fucking twin was swearing
his head off again, "Goddam motherfucking Jesus Christ fuck!! Shit!!"
He got so turned on when a man fucked his cum into him deep.

That was one of the best goddam cums I'd ever had, just felt so
fucking good I left my cock deep inside Randy for a long ol' time. But
I finally pulled out of him, dragging out some of the nut I fucked up
him. That looked hot as fuck running out his gaping pussy hole between
them big pretty muscle asscheeks. That kept me hard. I mean, I stay
hard for a good minute after I been fucking. But I was hard and horny
now. Randy was so fucking handsome and has such a beautiful fucking
muscle body, I kinda wanted to just fuck him again. He was holding
Troy up against him, making Troy kinda half squat in front of him. And
the big muscle stud was running his hands all over Troy's body, his
tits, his slim fucking gut and crotch, and kissing him on his cheek,
like they was fucking homo lovers.

"Yer brother ain't made his nut yet, Bo," Randy said. Sure enough,
Troy's dick is sticking up hard as fuck. "Why don't you suck him off,
boy? I wanna see you suck his dick."

Well, I was feeling like a fucking stud, a fucking man, cause I just
fucked a swole ass stud in his pussy and fucked him so good I made him
cum. So I kinda swagger in front of Troy, get down on my haunches and
look up at em. Randy's still feeling up Troy Boy's hard little titties
and playing with his balls real gentle like, still kissing him on the
side of his face but looking at me with them beautiful dark fuckin
eyes of his, daring me to suck him off. I mean they looked like a
couple of fucking lovers or best friends. But when I got my face down
to Troy's dick, I could see Randy's thick fucking cockshaft still
stretching out Troy's cunt. I wanted to show Randy how much of a
fucking stud I was and how good Jake had trained me to keep fucking
around even after I got my nut. I got my hands on Troy's thighs,
pushed em apart a little and got my mouth on his cockhead.

I knew just how to suck and lick on him, knew that sweet spot under
his pisshole that got him off. We'd been sucking each other off for
years and years. Troy started thrashing around, making Randy hold him
tighter, never letting his cock come out of Troy's pussy, but fucking
him a little, cause Troy's hips was jerking back and forth. I licked
his 'spot' even harder, still sucking him good, taking him deeper.

"Goddamit!!" Troy just swore once. Then his cum was in my mouth,
filling it up so fucking fast. Him and me are both big cummers. And I
always fucking loved the taste of his cum. It's one of the reasons we
call him Honey Boy, he just tastes so sweet all over. Well, he gets
his hands on my head, trying to push me off, but I know I can get a
second nut out of him if I keep licking and tongue stroking that place
on his dick. Didn't take long and a thick second load started oozing
out onto my tongue. Randy was watching us hard I know cause I heard
him swear and go like, "You goddam hot dirty fuckers...suck that
fucking thing, motherfucker."

Looking at where Randy's cockshaft was stretching out Troy's pussy,
seeing them big hairy balls hanging down, I got this fucking dirty
thought. I wanted to blow fucking Randy's goddam mind, show him how
down and dirty we really was, let him know he got a couple of hot
fuckerboys to play with. So I pulled off Troy's dick and moved up more
on the cot, my head pushing up between his thighs, made sure my ass
was sticking up high in back, cause I knew that turned a dirty
boyfucker like Randy on. Then with a couple fingers, I pulled Randy's
cock out of Troy. Fucking hell, all this cum came running out, and
that long thick fuckshaft was covered in hot slick cum. Just real
sudden, I got my mouth on him and started sucking hard, running my
tongue all over that fucking cockhead and up under his sexy goddam
foreskin.

It was so fucking hot, my dick was all the way hard again. But I
woulda laughed almost cause Randy's voice went up way high, "Oh
goddam!! Oh fuckk....fuck...ohhh fuckk!!" like that, panting and
breathing in jerks. He busted almost right away, a big nasty load
right down my goddam cocksucking throat. Like a fucking whore I didn't
let up until there wasn't no more cumwads pumping out his pisshole.
Then he practically shoved Troy off him and fell backwards onto the
cot, making it sound like it was gonna break. He put his hands on his
face, still swearing and breathing fast. "Goddam" he said soft like
over and over. Me and Troy is standing next to the cot just looking at
that hot swole up fucker, his big cock still making a little cum pool
on his abs. And then the motherfucker started snoring!! He was fucking
asleep. I guess it made sense. He'd done a lot of fucking for one day,
me once, then Brandi god knows how many times, then this fucking
threeway with me and Troy Boy.

We smiled at each other. "Whatever," Troy said with this soft little
laugh. Then he climbed back in his cot, laying on his side, not even
bothering to pull the sheet over him and his cock still pretty hard. I
loved looking at him like that and knew what he wanted me to do.

See, me and Troy have this thing, been doing it since we were little
kids. When we in some strange place or when something bad was going on
(like when we were little) we would sleep real close together. I was
always in back, holding him close, my chest right up against his back.
So, I climbed over him and got into position. Like always I put an arm
around him just to pull him in close. Troy pushed back up against me,
smiling but his eyes closed. My chest was right up against his back,
my dick and balls up against his perfect ass. And since this is all
anonymous I guess I can tell you we was always real lovey-dovey...I
know, couple of fucking fags, right? But it wasn't like that, not
really. Just two brothers, twins but not identical, but really fucking
close when nobody was watching. Anyways, so I kinda rubbed my body
against his and Troy rubbed back. I kissed him on his neck. "Mmmmh,
Honey Boy" I said real sleepy like. I knew he was smiling back. "Big
Bo" he said. We almost always said that to each other for some reason.
Then we was asleep.

I woke up when it was still dark as fuck. I think Randy was still over
on the other cot. I didn't really care. I had a hard on, I mean really
hard. That happened a lot when we slept like that. And I had this
thing that I'd always done with Troy. I pushed my dick between his
thighs, right up under his taint and used his body to get off, just by
fucking my hard on back and forth. We had done that for years like
that but it got a lot more fun when we got cum in our balls and
started putting on muscle. Sometimes Troy Boy slept right through it
and woke up with my mess on his balls and legs. This time he kinda
half woke up, I felt him squeeze his legs on my dick and push his ass
back up tight against me. I moved my hand down and felt his dick stiff
as fuck. I gave him another kiss on his neck. "Big Bo" he said all
sleepy like. And like always he started playing with himself. But he
didn't just jerk his own dick, he reached down to where my cockhead
was pushing through under his balls and used his fingers to stroke
that fucking head. We both started grunted, cause we both loved doing
this kinda fucking, where I held him tight and got my hands all over
his titties and abs, running them down to his cock and back up. And he
took care of us both, playing with his dickhead and then mine until we
got more and more excited. Troy came first this time, and he caught as
much as he could in his hand and used his nut like lube to reach down
and just fucking jerk me off. I shot a big load that Troy got all over
his hand. He used that as more lube, stroking me good and getting all
that cum outa my balls, used it to jerk on himself a little more. I
gave him another kiss, said some embarrassing shit like "I love you
little brother." We're twins but for some reason I was always "big
brother" and he was "little brother". Then we was asleep again, not
even bothering to clean all that fucking cum off ourselves.

NEXT MORNING. JAKE AND RANDY'S VID.

When I woke up the next day it was already real sunny. I was still
right in back of Troy, both sleeping on our sides, but goddam we were
sticky. Troy Boy was breathing heavy, still fucking asleep, his dick
was hard as could be. I was pretty goddam stiff myself, needed to
piss. So I got up but didn't wake up Troy. But I can tell y'all that I
played with his dick a little while he was sleeping. I mean it was
hard to resist. I was going to dig through my shit to find some shorts
but thought "Fuck it...ain't like I gotta be shy around the dude that
fucked my ass and took my load last night."

So I kinda staggered into the kitchen (it was right next to the room
we was sleeping in), my hard on leading the way. And fuck, there was
Randy, leaning up against the sink with nothing on but an old ripped
up T shirt and stroking on his cock. He had his phone out and looked
like he was taking a dick pic. He looks up with that horny smile of
his, looking fucking swole and handsome as ever. "Good morning, sexy!"
he said, like he was smiling at how fucking sleepy I was.

"Morning...gotta piss. Watcha doin?"

Randy smiled at me, like a horny devil. "Fuckin with Brandi. Asking
her if she's missing this cock yet?"

"Did she leave?" I was going towards the little bathroom just off the
kitchen, a couple steps down. I wondered why she wasn't there.

I started pissing. Randy is talking loud so I can hear. "Kicked her
ass out, bro." Made me feel kinda horny that he was calling me bro.
"Yeah?" I asked, talking loud like him. Then he was at the door, i
looked back over my shoulder, kinda surprised he sounded so close. He
had his big arms crossed, talking to me but looking at my ass. "Fuck
yeah, Bo. She was being such a goddam bitch. I told her to get her
fucking ass outa my house. She started backtracking. But I was pissed.
Threw her the fuck out." He laughed at that, so I did too.

This was one of them long first thing in the morning kind of piss, so
I wasn't really paying attention while he was talking. Then all of a
sudden I felt his hands, both of em, on my ass. "Goddam Bo," he said
quiet like, "you got such a hot ass, boy."

He was rubbin and gripping my ass cheeks pretty hard, made me miss the
toilet a little. "Uh thanks," was all I could think of to say.

Now he got me in a bear hug from behind. I could feel his cock hard on
my ass. "Don't thank me," he said with a little laugh. "Gimme some
pussy."

"What..fuck? Right now?"

"Ain't you clean down there?" he said. I was like, "Well yeah, but..."
Then he just pushed me over to the sink. I think he wanted to watch us
in the mirror. He grabbed a pump bottle next to the sink, some fucking
lube I hadn't noticed. "Come on, Bo, I ain't gonna fuck you deep, just
wanna get my nut out."

I'm feeling his finger spreading lube on my hole, then poking inside
me a little ways. Then I guess he got his cock all slicked up, and
then I'm feeling that big ol cockhead on my fucking hole. "Gimme that
pussy, bitch." Yeah, he went from calling me Bo to calling me Bitch
real fast. He's a fucking animal when he gets his cock up. He just
fucking punched it in like he did the day before. And he fucking lied
about not fucking it in deep. The motherfucker pushed in me hard,
splitting me wide the fuck open til his goddam balls was on my fucking
taint.

"Goddamit!! FUCK!!" I didn't care if Troy heard us. It fucking hurt
like hell! Randy didn't fucking care, he just wanted to fuck some
boypussy. "Take that dick, bitch," he said, giving me a hard slap on
the ass. "You know you want it! Open that fuckin pussy!" He gave me
like ten seconds to get use to it, wasn't enough, and then he just
started fucking his cock, long fuckin strokes. Goddam it hurt, my legs
was shaking. I looked up to the mirror finally and I gotta say, it was
fucking hot. Randy like I said before is so good looking he's almost
pretty. His hair hanging down in his eyes, this kinda dazed look on
his face, mouth hanging open like a fucking animal. And his big
perfect muscles all flexing, veins popping from holding my waist so
hard. And I might be bragging but I think I was looking pretty goddam
good myself. Not as swole as fuckin Randy but pretty fucking buff.
Randy was looking at me in the mirror. He got this kinda smile on his
face.

"Fuck yourself" he grunted. I'm like, "What?" still frowning with the
pain. He slaps my ass. "Fuck your goddam pussy on my cock bitch, work
that fucking thing." I tried doing it, moving my ass to push back and
forth on his dick, trying to block out the pain. He slapped my ass a
couple of times, using both hands, and was getting off watching me
fuck myself on his cock like a whore.

I guess he got to excited then cause real sudden like he bends down
and gets his arms around me and holds me real tight up against that
fuckin muscled up body and really starts slamming his cock in and out.
Lets out a fucking stream of swear words to. "Take my cock you goddam
cocksucking bitch motherfucker...fucking little fuckpussy faggot bitch
...goddam motherfuck!! FUCK you fucking bitch!! FUCK!!" Didn't even
make no sense. He was fucking cumming though and just swore his fuckin
head off like that. And I was finally getting hard, getting worked up
with him, but he's already cumming. Dirty fucker pulled out almost to
his cockhead, wanted to see his fucking seed dripping out my hole.

He was breathing heavy, fucking me a little, getting it all out. Then
he just slapped my ass and pulled his dick out. "Thanks, Bo, man. Love
that fucking pussy of yours. Now get cleaned up. Make sure you clean
up that piss and cum, and I'll go get breakfast going."

After I took a quick shower and got our mess cleaned up as best I
could I went back to the kitchen. Randy was all smiling and shit, like
he hadn't basically just raped me. But he had breakfast ready, smelled
so good. I was hungry as fuck. Still no Troy though. Randy tells me to
sit my ass down and puts a big plate of eggs and bacon down in front
of me. "Eat up, little brother. Gonna need it." Then he goes over to
the door of the room where Troy was still sleeping, shouts at the top
of his lungs, "Wake up!! Get your fuckin ass outa that bed!" I hear
Troy mumbling something. Randy comes back smiling and a moment or so
later here comes Troy. Stark fucking naked of course, a big old piss
hard sticking out, just like when we back in Jacksonville. He sleeps
so hard he probably wasn't even really awake and thought we was back
home. Anyways, we all ate pretty fast, sure was plenty of food and we
weren't gonna go hungry. After we were done, Randy gets up to get his
cigarettes, lights one up, sits down but with one foot up on the
chair, looking pretty damn sexy I gotta say. He pushes the pack over
to me. (It's the south ya'll, everyfuckingbody smokes.)

"Alright" he says, "gonna lay down some rules while y'all are here in
my house. First off, no fucking clothes when we're in the house. Y'all
are pretty fucking hot and got some of the best bodies I ever seen on
high school boys. Show that shit off." That was cool. Me and Troy was
use to that from being at home.

"Number two," he goes on. "Sex. I need a lot of it, I think you two
fuckers do too. So no holding back or holding out on each other. I
like to fuck and I think y'all know by now that I like getting my hole
stretched every now and then. So if one of us wants our dick sucked or
wants some pussy, you gotta go for it, unless you got some real good
fuckin reason not to. Good to go?" We nodded. Sounded good to me and
if anything, Troy was a bigger slut then I was.

"Three. Since we gonna be doin a lot of fucking, you motherfuckers
gotta keep yourself cleaned out. Douche them fuckin pussies as much as
you have to. There's a fucking hose hooked up to the toilet in there
you can us. Want you clean as fuckin Marines. Understand?" We nodded.
"And just clean up your fucking mess. I ain't your goddam maid."

"Alright, last rule. You gonna work out, every fuckin day. Want you
both pumped and swoller then when Johnny last saw you." Johnny was
what he called Jake from when they were kids. "Other then that, you
can do whatever the fuck you want. You wanna bring chicks back here,
that's fucking good to go...might have to share. And if or when fuckin
Brandi comes back, you wanna fuck her, I don't give a shit. She loves
cock and I know you two fucks turned her on." He smiled. Me and Troy
looked at each other with a shit eating grin. Randy laughed at us.
"Look at you two horny motherfuckers. Still, yeah, she got a good
tight pussy...fuckin Troy knows what I'm talkin about."

He got up. Said we were going to the gym he uses in W. sometimes,
about 30 minutes away. So we helped clean up breakfast and all that
shit. Then we was just standing there, like "What's next?" and Randy
is looking us over with this kinda funny look on his face, like he was
thinking about something. And he says "Alright, I wasn't gonna do
this, but I kinda wanna at the same time." Troy's like "Show us what?"
Randy jerks his head, "Come on." We follow him into the living room,
and he sits his ass down at the desk in the corner and fires up the
computer. He yanks out a drawer and goes rummagin around in all these
CDs. Finds what he wants and pops it in.

"This is a big motherfuckin party when your daddy got back from a
deployment a couple years ago. Fuck ton of Marines, some strippers,
lots of booze..." I looked at Troy and we smiled. "Randy I think Jake
showed us some of that vid."

Randy looks up at us. "Nah, Bo, he ain't showed y'all this part, cause
I told him it was erased. The copy I sent him had all this cut out,
cause I knew he'd lose his shit if he thought it was still around." On
the computer screen was Randy back when he had his high and tight and
was trimmin his chest hair pretty close, him and Jake (or Johnny, he
called him) looking at each other and smiling and talking about
fucking. The part Jake had showed me and Troy already.

Then it cut to a bedroom, loud music coming from somewhere, big
thumpin bass beat. Jake was squating down, his cock hard and stick up,
his mouth sucking on Randy's cock, who was just standing there, big
swole arms down at his side, slowly fucking Jake's mouth while he
sucked on him. "A buddy of mine was filming this" Randy told us, not
taking his eyes off the screen, like he was fucking getting turned on.
"Jacked motherfucker with a hot fuckin body and a big dick."

Alright, here's everything going on in the vid while the three of us
was watching, every goddam dick getting stiff seeing all that hot
shit.

First off, Randy and Jake both just looked like goddam fucking hot
animals, with them high and tights, so fucking goodlooking, and swole
as fuck muscles tanned dark, cause they both been in the desert for a
while and been doing full on naked sunning. Randy pulls his cock out
of Jakes sucking mouth and moves his hips to slap his face with it.

"Stick that fucking tongue out, you motherfucking whore" Randy tells
him. Jake sticks his goddam tongue out like a fuck hungry animal.
Randy grabs his ears and fucks it all into his mouth. "Take it al the
way down your goddam throat. Jesus christ you fuckin cocksucking
whore!" Spits running out of Jake's mouth and he starts jacking
himself. Then he gets his hands up under Randy's taint, and you can
tell he's rubbing on his hole.

"Stroke that Marine pussy, motherfucker" Randy is like growling. "I
know what you wanting, bitch, but I ain't one of your fucking boot
pussyboys. Get up on the bed, you fucking cunt."

Jake fucking jumps up on the bed and goes flat on his stomach, then
hikes his ass up, and he's looking back at Randy. Randy slaps the fuck
outa his ass a couple times. "Yeah, show me that fucking ass, bitch!
Don't fucking run away" he says when he jerks forward. "Spread your
legs wider...I wanna see that goddam cunt of yours."

The dude with the camera moves around in back of Jake, and we get a
real good view of Jake's tight perfect pussy. (Randy looks up at me
and says, "Looks just like yours, Bo.") Randy's middle finger goes
right in him all the way without any kind of warning. Jake grunts and
says "Goddam, motherfucker!"

Randy's just like, "Shut the fuck up, cunt!" He loves calling him
'cunt'. He keeps fucking that finger in his hole and gets his other
hand on Jake's balls, pulling them up and just playing with them. He
says to the dude filming, "Them's pretty big goddam man balls, ain't
they? They fucking knocked up a lot of chicks...or would have if they
hadn't been on the pill."

Then without warning, Randy gets his big jerking hard on right on
Jake's hole and pushes it in, going in all the way to the balls. Jake
yells. "Goddamit, motherfucker!! Take it goddam easy, fuck!!"

Randy just slaps the shit outa his ass again and starts fucking him
faster. "Fuck you, Johnny...you know you fucking want this cock...you
fucking bitch homo motherfucker! Want you to say it on camera...tell
em you want it in your fucking pussy."

"Fuck you," Jake says, looking back at him, but he's smiling. Randy
slaps him again, real hard. "Say it, bitch!"

Jake grunts, starts fucking his ass back on Randy. "I want it in my
goddam pussy, motherfucker!"

Randy climbs up on the bed, fucking him like a dog, his legs
straddling Jake's ass. The camera moves around back and you see the
camera dude's hand reach out and grab a hole of Randy's big balls,
shaved smooth and looking fucking hot. "Goddam, y'all both got the
biggest fuckin balls" he says. He moves down to Jake's ball sack,
swinging back and forth from gettin fucked hard. Then that dirty
motherfucker goes back to Randy's ass and slips a finger up his hole.
"You like that?" he says.

You hear Randy swearing. "Oh fucking goddam...yeah I like that,
bro...finger my pussy, man!"

But he don't let him fingerfuck him for long. Randy pulls out, slaps
Jake on the ass and tell him to get on his back. Then he climbs up
over him, squats his ass right over his big fucking chest and pushes
his cock down on his mouth. "Suck it, bitch!" And goddam if Jake don't
suck that cock hard and deep, his handsome fucking face looking so
good with that big cock in it and his cheeks sucked in. Right from his
fucking pussy into his mouth, just like he liked doing to me and Troy.

"You like the taste of your pussy, bitch?" Randy sounds like he's
laughing a little. "You fucking homo slut." He pulls out and moves a
little to get his ass right over Jake's mouth. "Eat my fucking
manpussy, motherfucker." The view on the screen was so fucking hot,
Jake's big cock in the foreground sticking up proud, his swole tits
further back, and then his tongue all the way out, halfway up Randy's
fucking hole. "Oh fuck," Randy's moaning, he fucking loves getting eat
out. "Get up there, brother...eat that fucking pussy..." he's talking
real soft, like he's just really getting into it.

He mashes his ass down on Jake's mouth even harder, grindin back and
forth like a fucking dog for a while. Then he grunts gets himself
flipped around with his head over that big fuckin Jake hard on, hauls
his big legs up and bends himself over to get his mouth on Jake's
fuckpussy. And he's stil pushing his ass on Jake's mouth so they can
sixty nine but licking their cunts instead of sucking dick. It's so
goddam hot, I'm really getting hard watching, like I'm going to cum
before to long. One reason it's so hot is that Honey Boy and me been
doing that since we started sucking each other off. Just another
fucking nasty thing that runs in the family, in us men anyways.

But that don't last to long, not fucking long enough anyways. Randy's
got a fucking itch he needs scratched and gets himself where he's
squatting over Jake's cock, but where they can look each other in the
face. He spits in his hand and then lubes up his hole. And looking
real desperate, he cunts himself on Jake's cock. They both grunt loud
and swear. Randy starts bouncing his ass on Jake's dick, just blissing
out, his cock hard as fuck and bobbin all over the place. "Goddam,
feels so fucking good, you fucking motherfucker." He's growling it
out, kinda soft, just gettin what he needs.

But that don't last long either, and he gets off, gets Jake on his
side, gets in back of him and starts fucking him from behind. It's so
goddam hot watching them fuck like that. Them two swole bodies just
fucking and fucking back so hard, so much fuckin dirty talking.
Randy's just a total fuckstud, using his muscles to hold on to Jake
and dominate him and drive his fucking cock into him. He's grabbing
his swole pecs and squeezing them like they was a woman's tits. And he
run his hands down Jake, down to his crotch like you do with a chick
when you wanna play with her clit while your fucking in her pussy.
Only Randy was grabbing Jake's balls, then squeezing his fucking shaft
and pulling his foreskin over his cockhead. And Jake, motherfucking
stud Marine badass was just a total fuckbitch, pushing his muscle ass
back, throwing his head back while Randy played with his tits and his
dick. And they was cussing each other the whole time. "You fucking
pussy bitch motherfucker!!" "Goddam motherfucker, fuck that ass!"

"You like that cock in your pussy, bitch?!"

"Fuck, you shitfuck, fuck that goddam pussy...I'm fucking gonna cum,
you fucking bastard!"

Camera dude was doing a good job trying to show everything, but he
missed that first shot of cum out of Jake's dick. But fucking Randy
was all over it, pulled out quick and got his head down their real
fast to get that cum shooting dick in his mouth, sucking all that hot
slick cum down his throat. Camera moves to Randy's cock. That's when
you could see that Randy already came, was still shooting a little
jizz. Getting his brother's fuckin seed in his ass was what set Jake
off, I guess. Made that big cock start spitting out cum. Then them two
was face to face on their sides, kissing and running their hands all
over each other.

"Goddam, I missed you, motherfucker" Randy was saying.

"Missed you, bro...so goddam much. Ain't nobody fuck me like you do."
Then they laugh and go back to kissing, can't keep their hands off
each other's dicks and asses. (Randy, with a full fucking hard on now,
he goes, "Now watch this.") This big ol' cum rope goes flying out and
lands on both of them, then there's a couple more. Fucking camera dude
lost it!! Fucking jacked off over em. The camera goes all crazy and
the last thing you hear is Randy and Jake laughing. One of em says
"Watching Marines fuck make you nut, bro?" or something like that.

(Alright, I know this was a long time coming. Sorry about that y'all.
I'll try to be faster next time. Part 6 is when Randy takes us to the
gym. We meet Clint, the buff ex-Marine fuckbuddy of Randy, and his hot
little juvie cousin Buzz. We see a whole new side of fucking Randy.
You can always let me know what you think at APatroclus1990@gmail.com
or by dm'ing me on my Twitter page @APatroclus. Thanks for reading,
y'all!! This fucking jarhead loves you bros.)

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Mon, 5 Aug 2019 10:14:09 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 4 incest/military

(Thanks again to all y'all who wrote me an email or dm'd me on
Twitter. Love y'all! Thanks to my brother in the Corps, Z, who fixed
up a LOT of my spelling and other mistakes. Let me hear from you if
you feel like writing: APatroclus1990@gmail.com or @APatroclus on
Twitter.)

Alright, picking this up where I left off the last time. Come Sunday
morning real fucking early, Jake was all decked out, fucking loaded
for bear. In his digitals, flak jacket, just every fucking thing. All
three of us piled into the truck and headed to Lejeune, me and my twin
brother Troy just wearing shorts and T shirts, our shit in a couple of
duffle bags in the back. We dropped Jake off at the armory where a
shit ton of Marines were already there, and Jake was all badass hard
fighting Marine before he got outa the truck. With a cig hanging off
his lip he pulled his wallet out of a cargo pocket and pulled out
about $500.

"That's so you two motherfuckers can help pay for shit. Don't give
your uncle no fuckin trouble." He looked like he was ready to beat the
shit outa us. I mean, Jake could be a scary motherfucker when we
wanted to.

"Yessir" we both said. He asked if we had the directions and all that
shit. Then we was heading out, and while I'm backing the truck up,
goddam Jake was already shouting at some boot Marines. "Goddamit,
motherfuckers!! What the fuck?!" I don't know what it was about, but
me and Troy looked at each other and smiled. We was both thinking of
him doing his badass motherfucker routine but we both had his cum in
our bellies from one last cocksuck before we left the house.

We went north, wanting to use the "back gate"...got lost cuz none of
the goddam roads is marked...finally made it out to hwy 24 and we was
off. Don't wanna say exactly where we was going but it was north of
New Bern and we had to take a country highway not too long after that,
then another fucking little country blacktop. I was driving, getting
pissed off from the fucking vague directions Troy was reading off the
piece of paper Jake wrote down. Troy's got his shirt off and smoking a
cigarette from a almost empty pack we found in the glove compartment.
We was both proud of our bodies and feeling kinda horny cuz we were
out on our own. A few times I looked him over when we wasn't paying
attention. He had a fine fucking body even then, really tight abs and
big shoulders and pecs. I was thinking, I'm gonna hafta find time to
get away just the two of us, cuz I was gonna need to fuck that hot
motherfucker again before too long.

After a few miles of nothing but blacktop and pine trees we finally
saw a few houses and then...fucking finally...a mailbox with a big
Marine Corps decal slapped on the side. There was an old two story
farmhouse set back a little from the road. We pulled in slowly. There
was a Marine Corps flag on the front porch and I'm like "I guess this
is it...fuck, took forever. Might wanna get your shirt on, Troy Boy."
He ignores me, the cocky bitch. We don't even get to the front door
before it opens and she steps out.

This chick coming out to meet us is fucking hot as hell. Reddish kinda
hair all piled up sloppy like, real pretty face but her fucking body,
i mean Goddam! big perfect tits and she was just wearing this kind of
cut off top and didn't even have a bra on. These short little cutoff
jeans showed off a nice round ass.

"Hey y'all!" she said all sweet, smiling broad, and I know Troy was
boning up like me, and fuck, we were freeballing it in our shorts,
couldn't fucking help it. "Now which one's Troy and which one's Bo?"
We got all that introduction shit over with, and she gave us both a
big hug pretending like she couldn't feel our dicks getting hard. She
was Brandi (can't remember her real name so I just made that up cuz it
rhymes with Randy) and sweet as fuck, even if she was dressed like a
slut.

"Randy's out back and he is so excited to see y'all!" She took us
around the side of the house to the back, where there was just this
little backyard and this big shed, like for farm vehicles, about fifty
feet or so from the house. The doors were standing open and we could
hear a big ass fan blowing and heavy metal blasting out a boom box.
"He been workin out ... as usual!" Brandi told us. Then she started
hollering his name. "Randy! Your nephews is here!!" Kept shouting his
name. It was annoying as fuck.

Didn't get no response, so we went down closer, got inside the door
and there he fucking was in just some old gray cutoff sweat pants,
doing some barbell curls. Brandi yelled at him again even louder, he
looked over, saw us, and this big white grin broke out on his goddam
handsome face. He dropped the barbell back on the rack and started
walking toward us fast. He didn't look like we saw him in that vid
Jake showed us. He had let that black hair grow out till it was almost
covering his ears and some of it hanging down sloppy like to his
eyebrows. Same thick eyebrows and long eyelashes--kind of like
Troy's--and a studly handsome face with about three days of dark
stubble. And his goddam body! Fuck, big fuckin neck and traps, bulging
shoulders and arms, and his pecs two big slabs of fucking meat just
covered with black hair trimmed down a little. His tit nubs were
thicker and longer than I noticed on that vid, and now he had had em
pierced, them little fuckers each had a tit ring swinging back and
forth when he walked. And he had a genuine eight pack with a fucking
sexy line of hair going all the way down the middle to his cockbush,
and I fucking swear he was twice as broad in the shoulders as he was
at his waist.

His shorts, them cutoffs, were yanked down below his fucking bush,
showing all that thick fuckin black cockhair in front, and the top of
his ass cheeks in back. I think it was just his cock and swole as fuck
thighs kept them cutoffs from fallin off. And hell yeah, if you're
wondering, we could see his cock half hard through the thin cloth of
his pants. We'd seen it full hard on the vid. But seeing it in person,
I was starting to bone up and I know Troy prolly was too.

We didn't have to wonder too long how he felt about us coming to crash
with him for a few weeks. He walked right up to me, threw his arms
around my back and pulled me in for a big fucking hug, not keeping his
crotch off mine like some dudes do when they hug another dude.
"Goddam! This is fucking great! Bo, you look just like your daddy, you
goodlooking stud!" He was holding me by the shoulders looking me over.
"You even got his haircut, that fucking high and tight! Goddam!"

Then he was hugging Troy the same way, Troy who hadn't bothered to put
on a shirt, so he was feeling that sweaty, hairy swole chest mashing
into his while Randy hugged him tight. "And you're Troy! Look like a
goddam movie star or one of them male models! Where'd you get that
fuckin blond hair from, stud?" Yeah, he called almost every dude
'stud'. Guess that's where I picked it up.

He stood there just smiling at us and put an arm around Brandi's
shoulders. "Aint them fine looking young bucks, girl? Fuck, I'm glad
y'all come up." Brandi was just kinda smiling, more at him being so
fired up then at us for being there, I got the feeling.

She pushed his arm off her shoulders, laughing a little. "Oh babe, you
smell kinda strong right now."

He smiled at us. "Fuck yeah I do....been pumping them goddam weights.
Gotta stay swole, right y'all?" We laughed with him. "Y'all settled in
yet?" We said no. Brandi chimed in, "Babe, they just got here, like a
minute ago." She laughed that sweet little laugh.

"Well fuck, we got a room all ready for ya, and we uh...." He broke it
off real sudden and grinned. "Fuck, babe" he said to Brandi. "We gotta
fire up the barbecue, cook up them steaks we been saving, get some
beer flowing."

"Randy, you drunk all the beer the other night."

He's talking to Brandi but looking at me when he says "Well goddam my
fucking ass! Whud I do that for?" He laughs. "Tell you what, me and Bo
here gonna go down to the bait & tackle and pick us up some beer, and
you and Troy can get their bags and get em all settled."

Brandi rolls her eyes at him but smiles and puts a hand on Troy's
shoulder. The motherfucker's dick jumped I could almost swear. "I
guess we could do that..." But Randy tapped my ass and jerked his head
toward the truck by the side of the house and started moving that way.
"Babe, get a shirt on for gods sake..you look like white trash." Randy
smiles at me, kinda rolling his eyes like he was saying "Women!"

"Got one in the truck!" he says without stopping. He says to me out
the side of his mouth kinda quiet like "It's a fucking white trash
shirt though."

His truck was this fucking piece of shit Chevy from the fucking 80's I
swear to god, but it did run good, I remember. I didn't really notice
it right then as he fired it up. I was having a hard time not looking
at his fucking body, I mean he had developed some serious, hot sexy
muscle. And as we took off down the road, I was thinking he musta
changed since that vid, cause it seemed like he was settling down with
his girl and wasn't really like the horny fucker we saw talking about
taking his half brother's cock up his cunt.

He was talking the whole time, saying how glad he was we was there and
shit, saying again how good we looked and all that. "Your daddy said
he'd got you doing some serious lifting and he wasn't lying" Randy was
saying. "You looking good, son! Take off that shirt and lemme see them
fuckin gains." He said it all natural, like no big deal, just bros
checking each other's progress. So I slipped off my T shirt--I wasn't
wearing a seat belt since he wasn't.

He looks over at me and gets this hot look on his face, like he was
taking it in. Then he can't help reaching over and putting his hand on
the back of my neck. "Goddam, you getting a good strong neck and the
fuckin traps to go with it." He squeezed my left trap, then moved to
my shoulder--giving it a quick squeeze--then my bicep. "That's good
solid muscle, good swole on you." I'm blushing I think, I feel hot in
the face anyways, smiling a little cause he's so free and casual about
it. Then he uses the flat of his hand to slap my left pec then my
right. "Got a good fucking chest, goddam if it aint just like your
daddy's at your age." He runs his hand down my abs, nodding to
himself, looking serious. "Goddam" he says quiet like. My dick was
almost all the way hard now, didn't take much for me to get a hard on
anyway. But this big handsome muscle stud putting his hands on me was
making me feel hot all over.

Randy all of a sudden got his thumb and finger on my left titty and
fucking pinched it--fuck! I almost jerked out pre nut. "You got them
small little titties just like your old man. He always liked getting
his titties played with..." I looked over at him wondering what the
hell was going on. He was looking right back at me, then got his eyes
back on the road.

"You getting fucking hard as a motherfucker, aint you Bo? Pull them
shorts down, lemme see that dick." He was squeezing his own cock
through his cutoffs, letting me see he was getting hard too. I was a
little shy about it, unlike fucking Randy, but when he told me again,
"C'mon now, lemme see that hard dick."

When I yanked my shorts down to my knees my dick slapped up hard
against my abs. Randy looked over at me, eyeing my fuck real good. He
gave a little whistle and smiled, "You trim your cockbush just like
your daddy's. Fuck, you in love with that big motherfucker, ain't you
boy?" Then his hand was on it in a flash. "Fuck, boy, got a goodlookin
dick just like your daddy's." He's rubbing it with his palm, then
using his thumb to rub around my cockhead and pisshole.

"Oh shit," I said. "Uh, I'm gonna bust if you keep doing that..." I
was feeling really horny all of a sudden, like "I need to cum right
now" horny.

He gets his hand off me real fast, gives me a quick look like he's
worried I'm gonna cum, then surprises the hell outa me. Like a flash
he gets his hand under my nuts and gets a fingertip on my hole. "Don't
fuckin cum yet, motherfucker, not till I get my cock up this little
pussy."

When I don't say nothing, he goes "Johnny says you like getting your
pussy fucked."

"Johnny?" I say kinda stupid like.

Randy smiles a little, pulling off the blacktop all of a sudden, off
onto this old dirt road. "Haha, yeah, I guess you call him Jake. But
he's Johnny to me, the hot little bitch."

The truck slams to a halt, Randy shuts it off and is out of the cab
and coming around to my side, his cock sticking out under his shorts,
his ass practicly naked in back. We're under this big ass tree in
front of an abandoned old farmhouse. He yanks open my door. "Come on,
Bo." He pulls me out, kinda awkward cause my shorts are down by my
ankles now.

And then he's all over me, like a fucking crazy motherfucker. Hands
stroking down my body, his mouth on mine, tongue pushing into my
mouth, and he's jabbing his cock into my crotch. He uses one hand to
pull his shorts down and off and his cock fucking springs up hard as
fuck!! That goddam cock of his, thick and so fucking long, longer than
Jake's even, nice thick foreskin getting stretched back already,
showing a blunt fucking cocksnout with a big pisshole.

He spins me around, pushing me down onto the seat of the truck, my ass
sticking out the door, grabbing my shorts and getting em off, just
tossing em on the ground. "Show me that pussy, motherfucker!" I start
to grab my asscheeks to pull em apart, but he got his hands on there
already, spreading my ass.

"You ain't got no turds up there, do you?" Sorry, y'all, but he's real
crude and direct like that.

"Hell no" I say, kinda outa breath. Then I grunt real loud. He's
already squatting down behind me. He rubs a finger on my hole.
"Goddam, boy! Your pussy looks just like Johnny's, just fuckin exactly
like it, so fucking perfect..." I feel his tongue lick it. Then he's
punching it through my hole, licking and then tongue fucking me,
grunting like a goddam animal the whole time. As soon as he stops, I
feel his finger go up me fast. He grabs me with the other arm around
my tits and hauls me up against his body, and I feel that sweat,
muscle, and chest hair on my back. He never lets up with his
fingerfuck neither.

He got his mouth right next to my ear. "You want my cock in your
pussy, Bo? Huh, motherfucker? You want me to fuck your hot little
cunt?"

"Fuck yeah" it's more a groan then anything. Then he licks the side of
my face, just a big nasty swipe with his pussylicker.

"Then get on my goddam cock, you dirty slut." Just like that, I'm outa
the truck, turned around facing Randy, who pushes me down into a squat
and sticks his cock up against my lips. The fucking thing looks so
goddam huge, all swole up, big veins popping all over it. "Suck it,
motherfucker." I open my mouth and stick my tongue out a little, but
he can't wait. He grabs me by the side of the head and rams it into
me, making me cough and slobber.

"Look up here, cocksucker" he says, grinning, getting off on seeing me
with his cock stretching my mouth. "You is a dirty fucking cocksucking
whore just like Johnny said." He gives me a couple a light taps on the
cheek, still smiling down at me, his fucking chest and shoulders
looking so fucking swole from that angle. "You suck it bout as good as
your daddy."

I guess he couldn't wait any longer, cause he's got me back to where
we started, my chest on the truck seat, my ass sticking out in back. I
hear him sucking and licking on his finger, then feel it in my fucking
pussy again, then two fingers. "You ready for it, bitch?" Before I can
answer, them two fingers come out and his cockhead just goes right in,
hard.

"Oh goddam!! FUCKK!!" I pound the seat with my fist, cause it goddam
hurts like hell.

Randy laughs and just slaps my ass. "Open up that goddam pussy, Bo...
fuck, Johnny use to swear just like that when I poked it in." Can't
tell y'all how hot it made me hearing Randy talk about my daddy like
that, made me forget how much it hurt, that's for goddam sure. Then he
pulled out. I heard him spit and felt his drool running down my crack,
then his finger pushing that spit into me. More spit, and I guess he
was using it to lube his dick up some more, cause that fat cockhead's
pushing into me again, but this time it just keeps going til I feel
that thick cockbush on my assflesh and his huge motherfucking balls on
my taint.

"Fuck yourself" Randy says in his deep voice. I know what he wants.
Wants to see his bitch so horny for his cock he gotta fuck his pussy
back and forth on it. I do it grunting a little and gritting my teeth.
Randy just says "Looks so hot, seeing my cock go up your fucking
little cunt. Now c'mon...faster, motherfucker....work that fuckin
pussy!" He slaps me hard a couple times on my ass, fuckthrusting his
cock while I'm fucking myself on him.

"Nah, goddamit, you gotta fucking WORK IT!!" Randy's shouting now, and
then I feel that hot muscle body, them tit rings, mashing against my
back, and he starts fucking raping me hard...like his cock is jacking
into me so goddam fast and deep. "You like that, boy?! Like a man
raping your fucking little cunt?!! Huh, you goddam bitch?" His mouth
is right up against my ear, I can feel his hot breath on me, feel his
muscles flexing on my back. I'm trying my best to fuck him back, but
he's pounding my ass so violent like it's hard to keep up with his
fuck rhythm.

He hauls me up off the seat, one arm around my neck, like almost
putting me in a choke hold. The other hand starts playing with me all
over. He's rubbing my pecs, then my abs, then back up to pinch my
titties hard. And he's like a fucking animal now, not even talking,
just growling, licking on my face, biting me on my traps. Then he goes
for my dick, grabbing me around the shaft and jacking me fast, his
hand going as fast as his cock was dicking me up the ass.

"You want my cum, bitch?" he grunts in my ear. "You want that hot
fuckin cum, motherfucker?"

I can't hardly talk but I say something like "Yeah, cum in me, man."

"Goddam, you're such a hot boy." He keeps stroking on my dick, and I'm
so goddam hard I know I'm gonna cum real soon. "Want you to cum in my
hand, boy! Shoot your fucking load."

He rams his cock all the way up me, just fucking opening me all the
way up, and with that big cock filling up my guts and his hand rubbing
my cockhead, I start nutting, and I mean nutting motherfuckin hard! He
got his hand cupped so he can catch it but it's flying outa my
pisshole like goddam bullets. But fucking horny Randy catches a lot of
it, and he don't wait for me to quit shooting. He brings it up to his
mouth and starts licking it up, his head pushing over my shoulder, his
thick tongue sticking out lapping up that fucking cum. Then he claps
his hand over my mouth.

"Eat it motherfucker! Eat your own goddam jizz, you fucking slut!" He
don't wait for me to lick it off his fingers, he starts smearing it
over my mouth and face. Then gets his hand back down there to stroke
some more outa me and brings his hand up to smear it on my face. "You
so fuckin hot" he says in this rough kinda whisper. He slams me back
down on the seat, his arms holdin me down and fucking rapes my ass
with hard banging fuckthrusts.

"FUCKKK!!! GODDAM MOTHERFUCKIN COCKSUCKING....FUCKKK!!" he just
swearing his goddam head off, and I feel that motherfucking horsecock
jerking inside me, his balls right there on my fucking pussy. "Oh
goddam..goddam fuckin hell..." he's panting and getting quieter,
making little fuckthrusts into my hole. We lay there for a bit, him on
top of me, my dick still leaking a little cum. But that motherfucker
was still cumming. It was almost like he was pissing, there was so
goddam much of it.

Finally he gets off me and starts to pull his cock outa me. When he
does, I feel all this cum run out and down my legs. Randy laughs.
"Fuck, boy, I got you knocked up for sure....aint cum that hard in a
while...goddam!" He gives me a little slap on the ass. "You a hot
motherfucker, Bo. Your daddy said you was a fucking whore but shit...I
mean...fuck!" I finally turn over, smiling, and see him standing
there, all them beautiful muscles on him looking so good, and that big
cock still hard, sticking out from that thick cockbush, a little cum
dripping out the pisshole.

"Get up here, Bo," he says, smiling at me and using the back of his
hand to wipe the sweat off his forehead. And he pulls me in close,
wraps them big muscle arms around me and starts kissing me hard,
tongue going right in my mouth deep, and a hand going down to my ass
so he can get a finger back in my hole, like he can't get enough of my
fucking pussy. More goddam cum runs out but I don't fucking care. I'm
ready to go again.

He breaks it off after a bit. "We better get our asses to the store.
They gonna be wondering what's taking us so fucking long." He gets his
shorts back on, and I do too. We're both breathing kinda heavy,
smiling at each other and laughing a little for no reason. But once
we're back in the truck ready to pull back out to the road, we both
got the same fucking problem. Our fucking dicks won't go down. I look
over at Randy behind the wheel and down at his crotch. His cock is
real easy to see through them thin shorts he was wearing, and right
where the head was, there's a big wet spot starting to show.

I laugh and reach over to stroke down the shaft through the cloth.
"Fuck, Randy, you getting a wet spot." He looks down, smiles. Like I
said, I'm so fucking horny now, I'm ready to go again. "Want me to
suck it all out for you, man?" He don't answer, just lifts his ass up
a little so he can pull his shorts down to his knees, letting his cock
pop up still hard and wet looking.

It's kinda awkward, but I go down on him and get that thick cockhead
in my mouth.Randy groans real loud. "Suck it, little boy. Ungh, fuckin
taste your pussy." He gets a hand on my head, and instead of just
draining the last of his jizz, he's starting to get real hard again.
Then he gets both hands on my head, his dick all the way hard now. And
he's fucking into my mouth, taking over. "Suck that goddam cock,
bitch!!" He fucks my mouth fast and then grunts, shouts "GODDAM!! You
fucking goddam slut! FUCK!" And the motherfucker shoots his load,
fills up my fucking mouth before I can even swallow all that shit. I
keep my lips clamped around his cockhead, my tongue helping him cum,
swallowing as much as I could, but some still run out my mouth.

"Oh fuck" Randy's saying over and over. Then he gives a little laugh.
"You gonna drain my goddam balls, aint you, boy?" When I pull off,
he's just gotta kiss me again. I know he wants to taste his cum, he's
a horny motherfucker and don't seem to ever get tired of homofucking.

"Now we really do gotta go, you horny fucker!" he says with a laugh.
He fires up the truck. "Brandi's gonna want me to fuck her
later...gotta save a little for my bitch, right?" We both laugh. I
know how it is, I tell him. Got a bitch or two of my own back home
always wanting it.

"You better wipe off some of that cum, Bo.You look like a fucking slut
right now." He laughs again. "Bet I do too."

When we pull up to the bait and tackle store, Randy hauls up some old
muscle T crammed in back of the seat and gets it on. He looks over at
me. I ain't wearing my shirts cause I used it to wipe the jizz off my
face and legs. I still got my hard on. "You goin in with me? Cuz...I
mean you look like you just been fucked...and you smell like fucking
cum."

I want him to know I ain't no shy little boy. "Fuck yeah. I don't care."

He smiles real broad and gives me a pat on the shoulder. "Fuck, Bo,
you really are your daddy's boy. Bet you'd go in there cock out and
naked if you could." I just smiled like, Fuck yeah I would! I don't
know if the old man behind the counter knew what was going on. If he
did, he didn't say anything. I know my dick was easy to spot through
my shorts. I had him pulled down as far as I could without getting
arrested, just trying to keep Randy horny. He was all flushed and
sweaty himself, still not all the way soft. So it wouldn't be too hard
to figure he'd been fucking recently. But we got the beer and a few
other things no problem and were headed back home.

While we're driving back, I said something like, "So I guess Jake told
you about me and Troy... I mean you seemed to have us figured out."

The big stud looks at me and gives me this handsome smile, hair
hanging down in his eyes. "He done more than told me, stud." He
winked. "Sent me that fucking little vid y'all made."

"Oh fuck" I thought. No wonder he put the moves on me so fast.

So, fuckin Jake one day after a workout says he wants to make a little
vid just for me and him. We're both naked as fuck, on the fuckin bone.
But he pulls out his handy little fucking cam and gets me squatting
down in front of him, my ass practically touching the floor. He starts
filming when I got his cock head in my mouth. You just see me
squatting down, naked, my dick sticking out between my legs, my mouth
sucking hard on Jake's cock, and he's saying something like, "Look up
at me, boy." I look up into the camera, still with that cockhead in my
mouth, suckling on it. "You like sucking cock?" I grunt Yeah.

Jake's saying, "You cum outa that cock, didn't you, boy? You so
fucking homo you sucking your own daddy's cock, huh motherfucker?" I
just grunt like I know he wants me to. Then you see Jake's hand
reaching down my back and the camera follows him back there. He
reaches down to my ass. You can't see it exactly but he's getting his
fuckfinger inside my hole. "What's that thing you got between them
asscheeks, boy?"

Camera goes back to my face, looking over my shoulder a little. "My
fucking pussy." I'm kinda proud of the way I sound, voice pretty deep,
sounding a lot like Jake.

Jake's voice again. "Yeah, that's your goddam pussy. That's right,
boy." Then he gets back in front of me, gripping his cock around the
base to slap my face with it. "You ever been fucked in your pussy,
motherfucker?"

"Yessir."

"How many fuckin times I fuck that fucking cunt, boy?"

I'm looking up into the camera. "Don't fuckin know."

"That's right." Jakes makes this little laughing sound. "You can't
even count how many times your daddy's fucked you, you're such a
fuckin little homo slut." He puts his cock right up on my face and
drags it down til the head's on my fucking lips again. "Suck it for me
good, and I'll fuck that little pussy full of jizz again." Then it
ends.

I was like, Goddam, Randy seen all that. Shit, I was just being nasty
cause I thought it was just for me and Jake. That dirty motherfucker.
I was wondering who else he showed it to now.

Anyways, me and Randy talked about that, about Brandi a little bit.
Then he asked me about Troy and me. Did we fuck? How often? All that
shit. And when we got back to the house, it was almost funny, cause
Randy put the beer down inside the door, didn't bother to go out back
where Brandi and Troy was fucking with the grill but just went
straight upstairs to the shower. Didn't want his bitch smelling all
that fuck smell on him, hahaha! I decided I could wait and went out
back to say hello and find out where we was sleeping. Troy's giving me
this look like, What the fuck, man? Then he says real fast, "Come on,
I'll show you." We get inside the house, and he's all like, "What the
hell, Bo? You look like you had the shit fucked outa you."

"It's that obvious?"

"Fuck yeah, man...you smell like goddam jizz. Think there's some in
your hair, dumbass." He laughs. I do too. He shows me the little room
off the kitchen where two cots been set up.

I get some fresh clothes outa my bag, Troy just standing there
watching me change. "Brother" he says. "I think we hit the fuckin
jackpot. Fucking Brandi man...you wouldn't believe how horny that slut
is."

I look at him. "What do you mean? Oh fuck, did you two ...?"

"Hell yeah, brother....bitch went down on me soon as y'all were gone.
She's fucking crazy, man. Wanted me to fuck her, said Randy wouldn't
mind."

I'm laughing at him. "Yeah, Troy Boy, Randy wouldn't fuckin mind all
right...he was busy fucking my goddam brains out." That made Troy
laugh, wanted to hear all about it.

That was one weird ass meal, the four of us just sitting out back,
eating steak and drinking beer. But we was all thinking about fucking,
I got no goddam doubt. I know I was. After a while, Brandi said she
had to get up early to go to work the next day. Randy said he was
taking a couple days off from his second job. He was kinda mysterious
about his 'main job.' But whatever it was, he said he wasn't scheduled
to go in until the day after next, so it was all good.

By then it was getting kinda late, so Brandi said just to leave the
dishes in the sink. Then she went upstairs, fucking horny Randy right
on her tail, pattin her on the butt. She was laughing, saying like
"Stop!" but loving it. Me and Troy dicked around with our phones for a
while, but I was tired out, so just got naked and fell on my cot. Troy
was on the other side a few feet away, naked like me. We hated wearing
clothes anyway and had been missing being at home where we could just
go balls out all the time. I was about to fall asleep...I think Troy
was already out...when I hear them two upstairs going at it. Their
goddam bed was squeaking, Brandi's being fucking noisy as hell like
bitches get when you fuck their pussy just right, and Randy's grunting
and swearing like he did with me.

Goddam, now my cock's up just from listening to them two. I started
jacking off, but I guess I was tireder than I thought cause when I
woke up later, it was all quiet and dark. I hear someone walking down
the stairs. Then in the kitchen. A little light goes on, must've been
the light over the stove or something, cause it was pretty dim. Then
our door was opening slowly. Fucking Randy's standing there, stark
fuckin nude, his cock out hard. I start to sit up, kinda confused what
was going on.

His big hulking musclebody is right next to me now and he says in his
deep voice, kinda quiet like, "I need it, Bo."

I'm rubbing my eyes, still kinda sleepy. "What's up, man?" I say like
a dumbass. Jake just pulls the sheet off me and reaches down for my
dick. He got it in his fist, holding it hard, making me bone up
instantly. "I need some dick, man...been wanting it ever since I seen
you two."

I can't fucking believe what I'm hearing, big fuckin Randy, goddam
built like a fuckin musclestud, horse cock and big fuckin balls, and
he's saying he wanting dick. All I can say is "Goddam" under my
breath. He smiles, bends over and starts sucking my cock, like he was
goddam starving for it.

He climbs up on the cot, one foot on the floor, one up next to me, his
ass right over my dick, facing me, and still one hand on my cock,
guiding that motherfucker to his hole. "Want you to fuck me" he says
and gets right down on it. Fuck! My dickhead pops that tight little
ring of pussy muscle. We both groan, and that big motherfucker sinks
down on my cock. I'm so goddam hard now. He slides back up it, his ass
all spread, his tits sticking out, them fucking little titty rings
swinging back and forth, hair in his sexy eyes. His mouth's hanging
open and he got this 'oh my god' look on his face, just fucking
blissing out on my dick as he slowly pumps his ass up and down on me.

"Fuck that dick, motherfucker" I say, starting to get really horny and
nasty. It makes him groan. I get nastier, just somehow knowing that's
what he wants. "You work that goddam pussy, you big fuckin bitch!
Squeeze your fuckin cunt on it!"

"FUCK YEAH!" he says too goddam loud. He's bracing himself in back
with both hands, making them muscle tits bulge out and giving me a
good view of my cock shaft going in and out of that tight little ring
of man cunt. I reach up to flick his tits, then yank on them rings a
little, making him swear and throw his head back. I pinch and rub them
thick titty nubs some more, I know that motherfucker is wanting it.

"What's going on?" I hear a sleepy voice. It's fucking Troy waking up.
He sits up, looking over at us.

"Get over here, motherfucker!" Randy tells him, not letting up on my dick.

"Holy fucking shit!" Troy says low and still sleepy sounding. He gets
up, his fucking dick out and curving up, already full on hard. "What
the fuck?"

"I'm fucking his goddam ass" I tell him. "Motherfucker loves the cock."

Randy's got his own ideas though. Soon as Troy is close enough, he
grabs him by one of his muscular arms and pulls him on over. "Sit on
your brother's face. Put that fucking little pussy right on his goddam
mouth."

Troy aint one to ask questions when there's homo fucking going on. He
gets up there with Randy, face to face, and plants his ass right on my
face. "Get him wet, motherfucker" Randy tells me. Hell, I licked out
and tongue fucked Troy enough times, I just go right for it, hoping
like hell I don't cum too fast the way fucking Randy is riding my
dick. I think him and Troy is making out, cause I hear all this wet
sucking noises coming from em. I see Randy's hands come down and get
on Troy's ass along with mine, just playing with them muscled up ass
cheeks.

I groan a little as I feel Randy's ass coming up all the way off my
cock. He moves around the cot to where he's standing right above my
head, his cock right over my face. "Suck me, little brother" he says,
just totally horny out of his mind. He sticks that fuckstick straight
down my throat, goddam gagging me but getting it all nice and slick
with my slobber.

"Hold his ass open, lemme see his pussy" Randy tells me next. I got a
close up view of his horse cock poking Troy's pussy, busting open that
muscle ring and then sliding all the way up him till I got Randy's
balls over my mouth. I can't help licking on em a little.

"Don't need your pussylicker, Bo, need that goddam cock up my ass"
Randy says, looking down at me. "Get the fuck up here and fuck my
goddam pussy!"

I scramble out from under Troy, who's getting it hard now from Randy,
all face down, ass up taking that big dick and moaning like the
fucking whore he is. I get up behind Randy, the big fucker almost a
half foot taller than me, his back looking huge standing right there
behind him. Guiding my dick with one hand, the other on his swole
trap, I stick it back in. "Fuck!" I can't help saying.

"Goddam!" Randy says at the same time. "Fuck me man."

That was some of the hottest fucking I ever done. Randy pounding the
hell outa Troy's little pussy, me in back of Randy fucking his cunt,
hanging on to that muscle beast and just dicking the hell out of him.
He tells me to 'grab his fuckin tits' and 'slam his goddam pussy."
He's fucking horny as me and Troy, who's just moaning and cussing,
prolly jacking himself hard, fighting through the pain of that goddam
bullcock up his fuckhole, raping the shit outa him.

All of a sudden, the light from the kitchen gets real bright, like
somebody turned the big overhead light on. And then there's fucking
Brandi in the door in this little robe. She got this look on her face
like 'what in the goddam fuck??!!" but she don't say anything for a
minute. Goddam I bet we looked like fucking assholes, but hot too.

Then she just blurts out, "Goddamit Randy!! You fucking asshole!" and
storms off, stomping up the stairs.

Randy laughs, still with his dick up Troy and mine up him. "Fuck, that
bitch is mad for sure!" He just laughs. "C'mon, keep fucking,
motherfuckers."

---------------------------------

All right, y'all. Sorry it took me so long to get this put up. I been
busy over here with everything gong on. There's a lot more that
happened during those three weeks we spent with uncle Randy. I'm going
to work hard to get the next part out faster. Like always, you want to
write me, just drop an email to APatroclus1990@gmail.com..........or
you can check out my twitter at @APatroclus, maybe dm me if you feel
like it. Thanks for reading!

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2019 05:05:16 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family Part 3 incest/military

(Thanks all ya'll who emailed or sent me a dm on twitter. Love ya'll
motherfuckers! My bro Z. wasn't able to help look this over this time.
So, the spelling and all is prolly gonna be fucked up.)

This all took place a little while after we done fucked around with
SGT M. that time, was the same summer before me and my twin bro's
senior year of HS. Remember that we'd been doin some serious liftin by
then, almost for a year, and were gettin pretty goddam swole. Not as
swole as fuckin Jake, our daddy, i mean our real daddy, but gettin
there. So this was kinda a special weekend...ya'll will see why later.
Anyhow, it was fuckin Friday afternoon. Me and fuckin Troy had had our
workout, got showered, cleaned out--I mean our fuckin holes, nice and
clean like Jake taught us to do. And we was just hangin out at the
house, balls naked as always, watchin some dumbass movie or
other...just waitin on Jake to get home. He said he was gonna stop off
at the gym in town to get his swole on, get ready for a date that
night.

We hear his truck pull up, then the front door open, the sound of his
fuckin bag hittin the floor, and his shoes gettin kicked off. And here
comes big goddam Jake into the tv room, wearin nothing but this bright
red T shirt with "USMC" in yellow letters, way to fuckin small for
him. His goddam arms were bulgin more then usual and his fuckin tits
looked like they was gonna bust outa his shirt. He stood there lookin
at us for a second, Troy sprawled out on the couch, me standin in the
little kitchen area drinkin my shake. My cock started gettin hard
seein him, and specially his big cock stickin out ready to fuck.

"What you motherfuckers up to?" He always talked to us like that.

Troy looked at him, not gettin up from the couch. "Hey Jake!" Jake
didn't like us calling him 'Daddy' or 'Dad" except sometimes when we
was fucking.

Jake goes over to him, smiling broad, stands over him with his
fuckstick stickin straight out. "Aint you got a kiss for me, Honey
Boy?" Yep, that's his nickname for Troy...fuckin goddam Honey Boy.

Before Troy Boy can answer, Jake bends down, plants a big fuckin wet
kiss right on his lips, and his hand went down to grab Troy's dick,
now almost as hard as mine.

So they make out for a little bit, then Jake looks at me, pulls that
fuckin T shirt off, givin us a good look at all them beautiful
muscles, throws it on the floor, and comes at me like he's gonna
tackle me or something.

He stands there, big muscles all fuckin sexy, his cock jerkin its so
goddam hard. Then he gets his fuckin hands on my titties and starts
pinchin and rubbin em. "You homo for me, motherfucker?" And yeah,
that's his nickname for me..."Motherfucker" or "Fuckboy." I can't hide
that he's makin me horny. I mean my goddam dick is full on hard and
curvin up.

"Fuck yeah," I say kinda soft, wonderin what he's gonna do.

He pull me in hard, but not to make out or anything. He gets his hands
around me on my fuckin ass cheeks and starts slappin em and pullin on
em. "Want me to fuck your pussy again, don't you, motherfucker?"
Brings a hand up to his mouth, hawks a glob of spit on it and slaps it
back down, right on my asshole. His goddam thick finger goes in me,
frigs me hard. Right next to my ear he goes "Tell me what you want,
fuckboy."

"Want you to fuck me, Jake." He pulls back, gets a head on top of my
head, on my high and tight cut to look just like his and pushes me
down hard.

"Then get your cocksucking mouth on that dick, you fuckin homo!" He's
really fuckin horny, more then usual, like he can't get enough fuckin
all of a sudden. I squat down, my own dick stickin out so hard between
my legs and start to put my mouth on his fat blunt dickhead.

He gives me a little slap. "Unh unh, motherfucker...you lick that
fuckin dick first...get that pussylicker all over it..." He tells me
to lick on his foreskin, he got a pretty long one, makes a nice hood
over his cockhead. Then I got to get my tongue up in its, move it
around his fuckin dickhead under his goddam 'hood.'

"Look at me, boy." I look up, my tongue inside his skin, he's got this
horny as fuck look on his goddam handsome face, mouth kinda hanging
open. "Yeah, bitch, worship that cock you came shootin out of into yer
mama's pussy." Yeah, like I said, he's really fuckin horny and turned
on. I can't really see him but I know fuckin Troy Boy's watchin and
jerkin his dick seeing me with my mouth and tongue all over that 8
inch hard on.

"You better get your pussy wet for me...or it gonna hurt more then it
needs to" Jake says, meaning I gotta spit on my fingers and start
fingerfucking myself while I'm sucking his dick.

He grabs my head in both hands and starts fucking my mouth...pushin in
farther and farther til he got my fuckin nose in his cockbush, that
little square cockpatch of thick black hair over his dick. Yeah, i got
mine trimmed and shaved down to look just like his, and I know that
turns him on. I mean I look like him when he was my age and I done
everything I can to look even more like him.

With his cock rammed all the way in my goddam mouth like that he asks,
"You ready to fuck, you fuckin pussy?" He pulls it out, all covered
with my slobber, gets his hands under my pits and hauls me up. He
pushes me around, my chest on the fuckin counter there, kicks at my
ankles kinda rough and slaps my ass again, this time really hard.

"That motherfuckin pussy!! Goddam boy!!" He's just so fuckin horny he
don't give it to me gentle but gets that fat cockhead in their and
then pushes into me all the way.

"GODDAMIT, MOTHERFUCKER!" I'm yelling from the pain and from being so horny.

"You take it, you fuckin homo cunt!!" Pulls out a little and
slam-fucks it in hard again.

Then he slams his body down onto my back, grabs me around my tits and
waist and starts fuckin me hard and fast. That's when Troy Boy finally
gets off his ass and comes over. "You two gonna fuck again? Goddam!"
He means again that same day. He cum down to breakfast and Jake was
fuckin me right there in his uniform...dick and balls out the fly, me
stark fuckin naked...same goddam position we in now.

"Aww" Jake's all mockin like. "Is Honey Boy jealous he ain't gettin my
cock in his pussy? Get over here, boy!" He puts a big arm around his
neck and pulls Troy in for a kiss. "Why don't you get down their and
give your brother some mouthpussy. Suck that motherfucker off."

He just gotta say it and Troy Boy is squattin down in front of me, his
pretty lips clamped around my dick and sucking away like a
motherfucker, while Jake's bucking into my ass hard every few seconds.
I can't help thinking, here's this stud Marine motherfucker who makes
all them junior Marines wives and gf's wet their panties with his dick
in one of my high schools' best running backs, the other squattin down
naked sucking his own brother's cock. And they both makin me feel so
goddam good--one in my pussy the other on my dick--I fuckin go over
the edge and start cumming.

"Oh goddam motherfucker..." I'm almost whining it feels so good, "I'm
fuckin cumming, man."

Jake grabs my hair with one hand--ain't much to grab with a high and
tight but he does it--and he jerks my head up hard, uses the other
hand to slap the hell outa my ass. "You dirty fucking cunt!! Shoot it,
you little bitch! Honey Boy, you get it all, get all them fuckin
cumwads, boy!"

I'm shaking I'm cumming so hard, my fucking hole trying to clamp down
but fucking Jake's got his cock all the way up me, giving me hard
little fuckthrusts over and over. And I realize the motherfucker's
cumming in my ass. Goddam Troy don't let up, using his tongue to make
me cum as much as he can. We know each other's 'spots' under our
dickhead where it feels so good for us, and he's licking on mine hard.

Jake lets go of my head. "You ain't done yet, motherfucker. Gotta suck
off your brother." He keeps his cock in me, still fucking a little,
just enjoying the feeling from cumming. "Stick your dick in his mouth,
Honey Boy. Give this fucking whore what he wants."

It's real awkward for me, kinda standing but crouched over, Jake
keeping my pussy stretched and Troy standing up and sticking his dick
in my face. But that's one of Jake's things--he wants us to be able to
keep on fucking even after we cum if that's what he wants. He don't
fucking care if we wanna take a breather or just fucking quit and
recover. Troy Boy don't last long though, not with all that dirty
fucking and nasty talk from Jake. He gives me a good mouthfull of cum,
pushing his dick all the way into my goddam throat, making it so
fucking hard to keep from droolin his nut down my chin.

"You dirty fucking sluts," Jake says with a little laugh. He pulls
outa me finally. "Where's my goddam cigarettes?" And he goes off to
the front door where he left em in his pack then goes out to the
little deck on the back of the house. Troy and me just look at each
other and smile. "Goddam," I say under my breath. "A fuckin animal,"
Troy says, grinning.

We follow him out on the deck, dicks still hard like his. We don't
gotta worry about neighbors because their ain't much to the backyard
and it runs up against a pine forest. Over on one side is a empty
house and on the other this old lady who don't never go outside. We
mow her lawn for her and take care of shit around her place. If she
ever sees us out their naked or fucking around, she ain't never said
nothing. So I guess she don't mind one way or the other.

Jake's standing their smoking, a big stream of piss shootin out into
the grass. "You motherfuckers still goin out tonight right?"

"Yessir" Troy says. We're standing right next to him, one on each
side, getting ready to take a piss along with him. Me and Troy were
gonna take a couple of high school sluts out, all four of us together.

"Remember our deal" he says and he grabs our dicks in his hands.
"These cocks gonna fuck them chicks. Don't want you two fuckers gettin
soft on me. Gotta go out there and be men. Get a blowjob at least."

"We gonna fuck them goddam sluts, Jake" I tell him, having a hard time
pissing cause his hand is making my cock start to get to hard. That
makes him smile. See, the deal was all three of us would fuck a chick
before we got back together.

"Hell yeah they gonna get our dicks" Troy Boy chimes in.

Jake grunts like he always does. "Better use a goddam rubber or I'll
beat your fucking ass. Don't need no fucking trouble like that."

"What if we fuck em anal?" Troy says, trying to be funny.

"If she lets you fuck her up her asshole, honey, yeah...you can let
that jizz fly like a motherfucker" Jake says. "Y'all better fucking
get cleaned up. I'm gonna have a couple folks over but I'll get em
outa here before midnight. Don't be to late after that. Understand,
motherfuckers?" So I oughta explain something. When Jake said he was
having folks over, what he meant was some girl or woman hitting on him
at the gym. A lot of times they was wives of deployed Marines. And he
got this kind of fucked up kick from fucking another Marine's wife. He
told us they were usually so desperate for cock that he could make em
really work for it. They'd have to lick his asshole and suck his cock.
If he wanted to fuck without a rubber they'd have to let him fuck
their asshole. Whatever he did, he thought it was fuckin hot stickin
his dick in as many Marines wives as he could. Like I said, it was
kind of fucked up.

Then I remember Jake put his arm around my shoulders, pulled me in
close, strokin my tits with his other hand. "Listen up, motherfucker.
Don't clean my fucking cumwads outa your ass, understand? When you
fucking that ho, I want you to have my fucking jizz in your pussy,
good to go?"

We got ready, dressing like sluts ourselves. That way, Jake said,
everybody who saw us would know we was fucking our dates. Just T
shirts and baggy shorts, freeballing it. And when we picked up the
girls, we got paid "up front" just like Jake taught us. Blowjobs in
the truck before we went to the movie. Afterwards on the way home, we
parked off on a country road and fucked em, Troy in the back of the
cab, me in the drivers seat with my bitch riding my cock.

After we dropped them bitches off, it was like we suddenly hadn't
drained our balls in a week, we was both so goddam hot and horny
thinking about Jake waitin at home. Like always, me and Troy were on
the same fuckin wavelength, being twins and all. Troy stripped off his
T shirt while we're driving away and starts playing with himself
through his shorts.

"I'm so goddam hard, motherfucker!" he says laughing. I laugh to. And
I reach over to feel his cock. He moves his hand so I can jerk him a
little.

"Goddam you ready for it, bitch" I say smiling back at him. He grabs
at my dick. "You to, motherfucker." "Fuck yeah, bitch."

By the time we get back to the house, about 15 minutes later, we both
stripped down to our shorts, and we can't get naked fast enough once
we're in the house. The only light's coming from the big bedroom in
back. We make a quick stop in the bathroom to get 'clean' and help
each other lube up, but goddam Jake's gettin impatient and he yells
"Get your fuckin asses in here, motherfuckers!"

I grab a couple of things out of my pocket as Troy goes back their
almost running. I follow him and find Jake standin in front of the bed
looking at the big TV, watchin what looked like some homemade gay
porn. He's stroking his cock. "You got em?" he says. I hold up what I
pulled out of my pocket, our two rubbers, tied off, full of our nut.
He smiles, reaches down to the floor and picks up 2 fucking rubbers
full of his jizz. "Fuck yeah" he says and we all laugh. Proof we'd all
fucked our bitches, "stud motherfuckers" is what Jake called us.

He shuts off the porno, throws them fuckin rubbers on the floor and
grabs us by our dicks, pulling us in close. Troy starts strokin his
big muscle tits and I get a hand on that big fuckshaft. Then Jake just
licks Troy Boy up the side of his face, grabs his head and pulls him
in for a hot horny kiss, his tongue goin in Troy's mouth like a cock
in a pussy. Then its' my turn, big thick tongue invadin my mouth and
movin around in their and I'm pushing my tongue back, both of us
getting hotter and hotter.

"Get on that fuckin cock" he says, kinda like a grunt when he pulls
out. We both squat down fast and start licking like we know he wants.
Troy sucks on his cockhead and I lick all the way down that 8 inch
shaft to his big hanging balls. He still smells like pussy a little. I
don't fuckin care, I wanna feel them big studballs in my mouth.

"You dirty fuckin bitches!" Jake says getting turned on hard. "Lickin
on your daddy's dick like a coupla dirty fuckin homos, goddam!" Then
he bends over me to play with my ass, slappin it and just squeezing my
ass cheeks in his big hands. "Get off my cock Honey Boy...and get down
their and lick your brother's pussy." Fucking Troy always does what
Jake tells him without missing a goddam beat. So big Jake's got me on
his cock now, letting him fuck my mouth, and fuckin Troy Boy's down on
his hands and knees with his ass stickin up lickin on my fuckhole.

"Don't just lick his bitch hole boy" Jake tells him "stick that fuckin
tongue up their like i taught you." So we're down their lookin up at
Jake cause we know it makes him fucking hot, me with his cock fucking
in my mouth, and I know Troy down on his hands and knees with his
tongue in my hole. I know he ain't gonna leave us that way too long,
not with our goddam asses sticking up like that. And sure enough, Jake
pulls his cock outa my mouth, slaps me with it a few times, smiling
down at me while I'm staring up at him.

"Get up here, you dirty fucking whores" he says and falls back on the
bed. When I stand up he grabs my cock again and pulls me on top of
him. He gets a hand on my neck and pulls my face to his, sticks that
big blunt tongue in my mouth, his fucking hands are all over me,
strokin down my back, feelin up my muscles. Then he's rubbin my
asscheeks while we're french kissing and puts a thick finger right up
my fuckhole. I got my legs spread wide to make it easy for him to fuck
his finger in me, pushing down hard against him with my body while he
bucks up against me, fucking his cock on my body. Just as we're really
getting into it and I think he's ready to fuck me, Troy's cockhead is
pushing between our mouths. Jake and me look up at Troy standing their
beside the bed.

Jake grabs his dick and smiles up at him. "You ready to use this
fuckstick, motherfucker?"

"Fuck yeah, Jake."

Jake looks at me, holding my head with both hands. "How'd you fuck
your slut tonight? What position you slip that dick in her, fuckboy?"

I grin at him. "She rode me cowgirl in the front seat, just slid that
fucking pussy up and down my fuckstick."

"Made that bitch do all the work, huh, you lazy fucking bastard." He
laughs, then throws me off him on my back and stands up on the bed.
"Troy Boy, get up here, motherfucker, sit your goddam ass down." I
knew what was coming, Jake's such a fucking pervert. Once Troy's on
the bed, leaning back against the headboard, legs spread out wide and
his dick sticking straight up, Jake slaps my abs a couple of times.
"Get your fucking ass on that dick, cowgirl" he says with a laugh.

So with a stupid grin on my face I straddle Troy and squat down over
his cock. Jake's holding Troy's dick for him with one hand and
fingering my asshole with the other until he's got me in the right
spot for that dick to slide up in me.

"Get that cunt all the way down to his balls, boy" Jake tells me. I do
it, grunting a little until I got Troy Boy all the way inside my ass.
Jake's kinda propped up on one elbow laying right beside us. He gives
Troy this long kiss, almost like they was lovers it was so gentle.
"His pussy feel good on your dick, Honey Boy?"

"Fuck yeah, Jake...such a fucking tight pussy" Troy's loving it.

Jake laughs and grabs my dick, which is now harder then fuck. "Bet his
dick feels good in their, don't it?"

"Fuck yeah, motherfucker" I'm groaning a little, doing a short little
up and down on Troy's cock.

"Stick them fine tits out, you fuckin slut" he tells me next. I push
my chest out, flexing and showing off them swole motherfuckin muscle
tits.

"Lick his titties, boy," Jake tells Troy. "Fucking whore loves that
shit when he's got dick in his cunt." Troy leans up and starts licking
my titty nubs, first one then the other, teasing me like. Then he's
got his mouth clamped on one, sucking hard, that fucking tongue tip
flicking all over it. That drives me fucking wild.

"Goddam!!" I almost shout. "Lick them goddam titties!"

"Yeah" Jake grunts, getting really horny now. "You feel that in your
pussy, motherfucker."

"Goddam right, motherfucker!" I'm swearing right along with him. He
fucking loves it cause he's up on his knees now and stroking all over
me, feeling me up everywhere. Then he does something he never done
before. Getting on his hands and knees he gets his head between me and
Troy and goes down on my dick.

I almost cum feeling that hot wet mouth and that thick tongue all over
my dick, and knowing it's fucking stud Staff Sergeant Jake B. USMC
doing it, his fucking perfect ass sticking up in back of him like a
fucking slut. Troy starts fucking me fast, he's getting turned on just
as much as me. Jake don't suck me to long tho. When he pulls off, my
dick's straining so hard, I know I can't last to much longer. That's
when he moves around in back, and I feel that high and tight rubbing
on my ass.

"Oh my god!! Oh fuck!!" Troy's starting to buck, fucking wild like,
not even letting me ride him. Goddam Jake's licking on his balls. Then
I feel that motherfucker's tongue on my hole, licking on Troy's
cockshaft as it's fucking into my pussy and then licking all around my
hole.

I cum like a motherfucker. First shot hits Troy right in his fuckin
handsome face. He looks all surprised like, then his eyes roll back a
little and I feel him cumming inside me. Jake fucking blows my goddam
mind tho. Soon as he sees I'm cumming he moves his head back around
and gets his mouth on my dick, taking all my fucking cumwads in his
mouth. I can't fucking stand it, I'm cumming so hard. "FUCK!!" I'm
yelling at the top of my lungs. "Suck that goddam dick, motherfucker!"

He's keepin it all in his mouth, cause when I stop shootin out them
ropes, he gets Troy by the back of the neck and kisses him hard, and I
can see cum running down Troy Boy's chin. They fucking cum kissing
with my goddam cumwads. It's so fucking hot. Jake's just as fucking
hot as us, his goddam cock ain't never looked bigger or redder. He
breaks off the kiss, leaving Troy panting and moaning, gets back
behind us where Troy's dick's still in my asshole, pulls that
motherfucker outa my pussy and sucks it, goddam fucking sucks his own
boy's dirty cock!! Troy finally loses his shit all the way. "You
goddam dirty motherfucking whore!! Oh goddam u fucking homo
motherfucker!!" He's swearing like me and Jake, another goddam first.

Jake ain't saying nothing now tho. He's just a goddam animal in fuck
mode. He pushes me off, down on my chest, is rough when he pushes my
legs apart. Then all that goddam 230 pounds of muscle is on my back,
his cockhead right on my fucking pussy, and he fucks it into me all in
one fucking thrust. He don't say nothing. Just grunts, pushing me down
with both hands on my shoulders, fucking me fast and hard. Almost all
the way out to the cockhead, then all the way in me down to his balls.
But fast, like a goddam rabbit fuck. I don't know what's getting him
off more, feeling Troy's slick cum all over his cock or my fucking
cunt sucking and clampin down on him so hard.

When he cums he rams it all the way in, almost hurting me he's bearing
down on me so hard, making a few little bucking moves, getting that
goddam cum out. "You dirty fucking whore" he says kinda soft after
he's stopped shooting. "So fucking nasty."

He pulls outa me finally and flops on his back. We move in right next
to him, one on each side, doing a little post-fuck kissing while he's
holding us close, arms around our shoulders. He's always saying he
don't want us to get 'soft'. So their ain't a whole lot of just
kissing and hugging. But tonight is different. I guess he just wants
his boys their like we was his lovers, and we kiss and feel each other
up for a good while.

Then he tells Troy. "Get me the remote, baby." Never fucking calls us
that. Troy goes and gets it, and I get a kick out of seeing his boner
just as hard as when we was fucking. Neither one of us goes soft very
fast. Troy gets right back in bed, close to goddam Jake as he can get.
Jake seems to like it, keeps pulling me close to him to. He clicks on
the TV, then gets the DVD going, fucks around with it til he gets to
the place he was looking for.

Like I said, it was a homemade vid, and on the screen it was Jake with
another bodybuilder dude, just as swole as he is. Their arms around
each others shoulders, smiling and fucking just beaming at each other
like they was fucking in love or something. Looked like it was at our
place out on the deck at night. The dude Jake was so buddy-buddy with
kinda looked like him but different. Same dark black hair in a high
and tight, but darker like, more stubble, bigger eyelashes, and lots
of hair on his chest but trimmed down. His tits were just as swole and
perfect as Jakes but his titty nubs were bigger.

"That's your uncle Randy" Jake says, staring at the screen. "Well,
half-uncle." He told us it was a post-deployment party a few years
back when Randy was still in the Corps.

The dude filming it was asking "What you two studs got to say for yourselves?"

Randy's looking at Jake smiling this kinda smile like he got a secret.
"Well, I'll say this" Randy says, making onscreen Jake smile real
broad. Then Randy looks at the camera. "This motherfucker here...he
got a tight fucking pussy." They both laugh.

Onscreen Jake goes "Fuck you, motherfucker! You was the one riding my dick."

Randy just smiles, looking right into onscreen Jake's eyes. They move
in for a quick little kiss on the lips. "Still, that's a tight little
pussy you got." Onscreen Jake just laughs, they both do. The camera
moves down their buff bodies to their cocks, both hard as fuck,
cockheads all the way sticking out from their 'skins.

The dude filming gets back on their faces. "What y'all up to now?"
Randy keeps looking at Jake and he's looking right back at him. Randy
puts a hand on his chest and starts stroking him a little, pinches his
titty once or twice. Then Randy looks straight into the camera.

"Well, lets see... I think I'll see if I can't get his big cock up my
motherfucking cunt...get some more juice out of them big fucking
balls." I notice that on the bed, Jake's start to masturbate himself a
little. Then the vid cuts suddenly and it's showing inside Jake's
bedroom, but it's dark and hard to see. What I can see tho are two big
muscular studs fucking doggy, and the sound of cock plowing pussy is
easy to hear. Jake shuts it off.

"While I'm away" he says throwing the remote over on the floor, "y'all
gonna be staying with Randy and whatever ho bag he's got staying with
him." We didn't like that. See, Jake was gonna be gone with his
battalion for about a month, a little less, up in Virginia at A.P.
Hill. But like always, their wasn't much arguing once he decided what
was what. He told us we'd have all tomorrow--well it was already
Saturday by then--anyway all the next day to do whatever we wanted,
lift, eat, hang out, fuck our brains out. Then we was gonna drop him
off early Sunday and then drive up near W. in North Carolina to stay
with Randy. Me and Troy wanted to be on our own but Jake said that was
a dumb idea. Better to be with someone could look after us, and aint
no one better for that, he said, then your fucking uncle.

I fell asleep a little after that and woke up to Jake fucking Troy
kinda slow and gentle, fucking him face to face. Once he pulled me in
I got his dick again too until we all got our nut. He fucked me again
in the shower the next morning, which was kinda like our special
thing, since the second time he fucked me was in the shower. But what
happened up at our half-uncle's place, well, that gonna hafta wait til
the next fucking chapter, ya'll.

(Alright, let me know what you think if you wanna. You can check my
shit out on fucking Twitter, @APatroclus or you can drop me an email
at APatroclus1990@gmail.com I hope my family don't fucking weird any
of y'all out to much. I toned down some of it and changed up some
details and names and what not, just to keep it a little on the down
low.)

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2019 07:13:03 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family part 2 military/authoritarian/incest

MARINE FAMILY part 2

(Thanks for all the great emails ya'll. For all you readin this
without reading part 1, it's gonna be kinda confusing, so my advice
wuold be to read part 1 first so you get an idea about me, my twin
brother, my old man, and this hot Marine sergeant named Kyle he brung
home one time when me and my brother was close to the end of HS and my
old man was a staff sergeant in the Marine Corps. And thanks to my
Marine bro Z. for going thru and correcting some of my shitfuck
spelling and grammar. I know u can't catch it all, Z. but thanks for
fuckin trying bro!)

We all standin their in the garage...fuckin Kyle, SGT M., still
straddlin that fuckin weight bench...cum drippin out his piss hole and
his cunt...I still had some smeared on my fuckn chin..and Jake's still
standin in back of Kyle, his big hands on that stud's shoulders, like
he was saying "your motherfuckin ass belongs to me, bitch."

So Kyle's big muscle chest swells up and he breathes out a big 'phew'
sound and says something like, "Well that was fuckin hot..."

But before he's done talking, my old man, Jake, he dont let him
finish. "We just gettin started, motherfucker...want a beer?"

"Fuck yeah, beer'd be great." He starts lookin around for his
shorts--them shorts I bet he couldn't tear off fast enough when Jake
said he was going to fuck him. Jake saw it. "Don't need them fuckin
silkies bro...we always balls naked in this goddam house."

Then he told me, "Bo, clean that mess up, you dirty fucker! then come
get a beer."

"Yessir."

Like most grunt Marines, Kyle liked the idea of being bare ass naked.
So he was smilin when he followed Jake outa the garage. I cleaned some
of that cum mess up but the plan was for me to get some more of it on
my face, maybe a little in my hair. Then just go join em in the
kitchen like everything was normal. A little bit of the cum I shot
when Kyle jerked me off I used to lube up my cock and get that
motherfucker nice and hard before i went back in there. They was at
this kinda bar like counter that separates the kitchen from the dining
table, leanin on their elbows, knockin back them beers and smokin
cigs. Yeah, evrybody in the fucking infantry smokes...at least some of
the time. I got a nice view of them two muscle asses, stickin out
behind em, and I couldnt resist running a hand over SGT Kyle's tight
round ass. "Damn!" I said, whistling as I opened the fridge to get my
beer. Kyle didn't say nothing about my hard on or the cum on my face,
but I caught the dirty fucker sneaking a look. "You like my cock don't
you, bro?"

Kyle blushed, looking down but smiling. You could tell he was horned
up, especially being next to Jake like that. "I gotta tell you man," I
said to him, "you looked good getting fucked."

I think Kyle said something under his breath like "Goddam." Jake put a
hand on his shoulder pulling him closer, Kyle smiling more and staring
at his beer even more. "He's right, motherfucker," he told him. "You
got one goddam hot tight pussy, Marine." Jake laughed then walked over
to me, rubbed my high and tight, cig hangin on his lip. "And this here
motherfucker is another piece of prime pussy." Kyle looks up, this
kind of funny smile on his face taking it in.

"You gotta be fuckin shittin me." He fucking goddam knew what Jake was
saying but couldnt really believe it. That's when we heard someone
coming in the front door.

"That's fucking Troy Boy" Jake said. That was our name for my twin
Troy. So a little about Troy. We're twins but not the identical kind,
the other kind. So he looks like me and Jake, but he's 'prettier' I
guess you'd say. He got a big muscle frame like me, but his muscles
aint quite as big as mine, but the fucker is cut and lean, like all
over. I got black hair like my old man but he's more blond, cept he's
got them dark eyebrows like us and real bright blue eyes. When he tans
he don't get dark like me but more like this gold brown color. So
yeah, you know it, he gets plenty of pussy at school. But everybody
knows if a chick don't give head, he won't fuckin even date em. And he
don't really care how fuckin young they are. He gets hooked up with
little sisters sometimes, and he'll brag to me about the smooth pussy
he's fucked. Hell, I think he's popped more cherries than even me.

So anyway, he comes in smiling cause Jake's saying "Get in here,
motherfucker." He's got a T shirt on and these shorts pulled down
practicly to his fuckin cock shaft. Aint no cockbush showing cause
earlier--after our workout--we decided to shave him down there
everywhere, thinking it would blow Jake and that fuckin stud
Sergeant's mind.

Jake gets him in a headlock. "Get over here, boy" he's saying. "Got a
question for you."

Troy's just laughing, not trying to get away. "Yessir?"

Jake looks at Kyle but he's talking to Troy. "Why you got your goddam
clothes on? You know the fuckin rule around here." Then he yanks Troy
Boy's shorts down, showing them smooth fuck parts, his dick already
hard and his balls swinging. Troy strips off his t shirt, puttin on a
little show, showing off his body, all smooth, cut, golden brown
muscle.Now fucking Kyle is just starin at him, beer halfway to his
mouth. Jake tells him, "This is fucking Sgt M., you can call him
Kyle." Troy reaches out to shake his hand. "Fuck" Kyle says under his
breath, soft like.

Now this is the kinda fucked up part. Jake had crushed up one of them
little blue pills into power--he got em from a Corpsman (that's like a
medic in the Navy) & this Corpsman loved sucking my daddy's cock. So
handin over something like that from the hospital was the price he
paid for gettin that fat fuckin monster in his cocksucking mouth.
Anyways, Jake ground that little pill up and had it ready to slip into
Kyle's beer. I told him it was gonna be overkill, but he wanted this
hot muscle stud Marine so fucking horned up that he'd do fuckin
anything.

"Get over here, devil" Jake says to Kyle. "You know you wanna." And
when fuckin Kyle comes around the bar counter, his cock is sticking
goddam fucking straight up. And he's got this dazed fuckin look on his
face.

"Turn around, honey" Jake tells Troy Boy. Don't freak out now, that's
just a southern thing, fathers call their boys Honey, Sweetheart, all
this shit that fuckin freaks yankees out. It's just our way though.

Then he says to Kyle. "Feel that fuckin ass bro." He looks at Jake
like "really?" But he gets his hands on Troy's perfect ass cheeks,
going a little slow at first, then started to really rub em and stroke
em hard. Jake wants to speed things up. He slaps fuckin Troy's ass
hard, hard enough to leave a red hand shaped mark. "Bend over,
motherfucker...show him your goddam pussy." Troy bends all the fuckin
way down, hands on the goddam floor, legs spread. I start moving
closer. Jake's holding Troy's ass cheeks apart and fuckin Kyle's
almost drooling looking at that shaved pretty little stud cunt.

"You like that dont you, devil?" Jake says grinning at Kyle. "Try it
out brother." Kyle though is just standing their with this dumb smile
on his face, not really moving. That's when I decide to help out. I
move up next to Troy, still bent over like a fucking whore, wet my
fuckfinger and slip it into Troy's fuckhole slow like. I'm looking at
SGT Kyle the whole time. "He got a real tight cunt, man" I say. "Gonna
feel real good on that goddam hot cock of yours."

Me and my old man Jake, we playing this game together. So Jake pulls
Troy back up."I dont think fuckin Kyle here is all that interested in
your fuckin pussy, boy, I think he wants some dick." He turns my
brother around, his big pretty cock sticking out hard as fuck. We both
got our cock from our old man, not quite as big as him, but pretty
fucking impressive anyway. Jake moves over to Kyle, puttin his fuckin
huge gun around them swole shoulders and back. "What you wanna do,
Marine? You wanna suck my boy's dick? Come on, wanna hear you say it
out loud, motherfucker."

I think that fucking pill is starting to really have an affect, or
else he's just fuckin out of his mind horny. He kinda swallows and
says kinda quiet. "Yeah, wanna suck it."

"Fuck yeah you do, devil!" Jake's really gettin loud now. "Cause you a
goddam cocksucker, aint you Marine? You want me to tell these boys how
many times you gone down on me? Sucked my cock like a motherfucking
whore and swallowed all my fucking jizz?" He pushes Kyle down on his
haunches to where his face is right at Troy's cock. Troy Boy does the
rest. Pushes his cock forward til its touchin Kyle's lips, and with us
all watchin, he opens his mouth, takes that dick in and sucks down
hard on it. His goodlookin face all frowning from focusin on that cock
in his mouth. Jake gives me a nod. Troy's slowly fucking his mouth,
and I reach down to fuckin Kyle's ass and get my fuckfinger on his
hole. It's so fucking tight but still wet from sweat and Jake's cum. I
poke it into that little hole, feel Jake's jizz in there, and say in
his ear "You wantin more cock in your pussy?" He just grunts but it
sounds like a fuckin 'yes' to me and Jake.

Jake reaches down and spanks Kyle's asscheek hard three times. "Get
up, motherfucker. We're goin to the living room. Wanna see you two
fuckin homos sixty nine." Kyle looks a little dazed but fuckin Troy
Boy moves fast, lays down on his back on the big carpet there that
Jake brought back from fuckin Bahrian or wherethefuckever. Jake grabs
Kyle's fuckstick and pulls him along til he standin over Troy. "Get on
my boy's cock, Marine!" He almost yelling, like he was on the fuckin
parade ground. Kyle goes down on Troy, big buff Marine motherfucker,
head down at Troy's crotch, gettin that cock in his hot sucking mouth,
his muscle ass in the air, Troy Boy sucking on his dick.

"You motherfucking goddam homo fuckers!" Jake yells, whooping with
laughter. He looks at me. "Alright you fucking faggot...get down there
and help that motherfucker out." When he starts talking real nasty
like that, I know his fuckin blood is up and he's ready to just
fucking go crazy. I jump down there at Troy's ass, on my elbows and
knees, my own ass spread and stuck up high behind me, my fucking head
down there where Kyle's sucking my brother's dick. I get my hands on
Troy's thighs, push his ass up off the carpet a little and get them
fucking asscheeks spread enough I can get at his hole. Kyle's still
sucking dick like a motherfucker but he's fucking watching me close
with them pretty eyes. Then I get my fucking tongue out as far as I
can and just lick Troy's fucking hole hard, then again, and start
poking the tip of my tongue in his little pussy.

Now Jake, my daddy, moves down to where I am, squats down, his big
cock practically in my face while I'm eating out Troy Boy. "Eat his
fucking pussy, Bo you fucking cunt licker." He gets a hand on my ass,
sticking up high in back, starts rubbin and pettin my taint, playing
with my balls a little, then fucks a finger in my hole. I grunt and
clamp my fuckhole hard on him, getting really horny now myself. Jake
frigs me hard, so I stop licking Troy's hole just cause it's feeling
so good, and Kyle has stopped sucking on Troy, just watching Jake and
me, his mouth hanging open.

"Bo's got a tight little cunt on him too" he says right in Kyle's face.

"Oh my fucking god" Kyle can't fucking believe what he's seeing. "You
fucking fingering your own son?"

Jake don't really answer him, just says, "That turning you on, devil dog?"

Then he pulls it outa my ass and stands up. Puts his fucking cock
right in Kyle's goodlooking face. "Suck my cock, boy." Now Kyle ain't
hesitating no more. He don't care that I'm watching or nothing. He
just wants that goddam cock. Jake lets him suck on him for a little
bit then pulls him off. "Get back down on Troy's dick....I like
watching you fucking homos suck on each other." He goes back around to
Kyle's ass, gets down in the same position I'm in, on elbows and
knees, ass up, tongue fucking out, and gives that fucking sergeant's
fuckhole a good hard lick.

And that's when fucking Kyle, fucking SGT M. of the fucking US Marine
Corps, just fucking lost it. I mean all that shy boy, good southern
baptist upbringing, all that shit just went the fuck away, and he
turned into this goddam fucking animal burning up with cocklust and
wanting nothing but hot homo fucking.

"GODDAM, FUCK, SHIT!!" he's yelling at the top of his fucking lungs.
Jakes got his fucking tongue inside him now, really tongue fucking
him. And I can tell you from my own experience, that motherfucker
knows how to get that big blunt tongue deep up your fuckhole. Fucking
Kyle ain't even trying to suck Troy anymore, he just fucking in this
haze of fucklust from getting his cock sucked and his pussy ate out.

Jake pulls out and ups the ante. "You want a cock in there, motherfucker? Huh?!"

"GOD FUCK, YEAH! GODDAM!"

Jake grabs him around the throat, pulls him back where he got his
mouth right at his ear. "Where you want it, devil? Where you want my
cock? In your pussy?"

"Yeah, man" he's kinda breathless now.

So Jake starts yelling with that fucking parade ground voice. "NO! YOU
GOTTA SAY IT, DEVIL!! WHERE YOU FUCKING WANT MY GODDAM COCK?"

Kyle sorta grits his teeth, Jake still kinda choking him. Then he was
like, Fuck it! He yells "IN MY PUSSY, GODDAM YOU! WANT IT IN MY GODDAM
PUSSY!"

All that fucking shouting and yelling, one stud fucking dominanting
another, that's a fucking Marine thing, ya'll. We get that way when we
hot to fuck.

Jake hawks a fucking load of spit on his cock, rubs it around for
lube. Then still holding Kyle by the throat, he pokes that
motherfucking hard on straight into his fucking asshole.

"AWWW, GODDAM!" Kyle's hurting, not ready for all that cock all at
once. Jake got him by both shoulders now, not letting him run away.
"You take it, you motherfuckin bitch!" Kyle keeps grunting and
swearing while that fat cockshaft goes all the way up his cunt. Troy
sucking on his dick all that time is helping, cause he relaxes pretty
fast and Jake starts sliding in and out, fucking him nice and slow.
Pretty soon, fucking Kyle's moving his ass with that fuck rhythm,
groaning and moaning like a real bitch.

"Yeah, that's it, devil" Jake says, and he moves up on him, to wrap
his bulging arms around him to pull him close. "Just gimme that cunt,
you fucking motherfucker."

I'm just watching the two of em during all that, but now I want some
action too. I get closer, straddling Troy Boy, still down underneath.
"Suck my dick." I poke it in Kyle's face. He opens his mouth, takes
me, but Jake and me don't fuck like that. I grab that motherfucker by
his ears and start fucking his mouth, making him gag and drool a
little. Jake's pounding him in back...I mean that motherfucker was
getting a hard dick pounding front and back. But Jake wants to change
it up..always got some dirty fucking shit he wants to do when he's
that fucking horny. He pulls out.

"Troy Boy, get your goddam ass up here." Troy finally gets that dick
out of his mouth and is standing up in a flash, still fucking hard as
shit. "You wanna try his pussy?"

"Fuck....yessir!"

"Get over here then, bitch." Troy's grinning like a horny fuck, gets
in back of Kyle and fucking slides right into that jarhead
motherfucker. Jake's now standing next to me, pushing me away from
Kyle.

"Suck my cock, bitch" he says to Kyle. Grabs him by the back of his
head and pushes his cock in his mouth. I think Kyle was kinda
hesitating, wondering if he wanted a cock in his mouth that had just
been in his asshole. Jake fucking knew it too. He wanted him to forget
all that bullshit and do it all. Just fucking give in to that fucking
homo side of him.

"Suck that pussy juice off it, motherfucker...what you scared off, you
gonna taste some of your fucking cunt on there, huh?!" Now Kyle's
groaning again, cause Troy's giving him a hard nasty fuck, running his
hands all over that swole Marine body, playing with his titties and
strokin down them hard abs to his cockshaft.

"You like that dick, bro? Huh? You like feeling my dick in your man
pussy?" Fucking Troy might look like a angel but he's the fucking
nastiest motherfucker I know next to me.

I decide it's fucking time. The three of us been holding back a little
with each other cause we was concentrating on Sgt Kyle. So I crouch
down, get my face right next to Kyle's, watching Jake's cock fuck in
and out of his hot fuckin mouth. I get in there to lick Jake's fucking
balls.

"You wantin that cock too, you fuckin little whore?" Jake says to me.
I just keep sucking and licking on his big stud balls. Then Jake slaps
Kyle, not gentle like either. "Get off my dick, you fucking
cocksucker. Give my boy a turn."

He sticks it in my goddam mouth and I suck down hard and let him fuck
my mouthpussy the way I know he likes. That blows fucking Kyle's mind.
"GODDAM FUCK!" he can't believe it, watching me suck my own daddy's
cock. Shit, it made me hot seeing how hot he was getting. "OH MY
FUCKING GOD! DIRTY FUCKERS!"

I didn't get my face fucked for long, cause Jake was too hot for it
now. "Get down there, bitch" he tells me. I know what he wants without
asking. I'm face down ass up right in front of Kyle. Jake moves around
to my ass, hawks a big glob of fuckin spit in his hand, rubs that all
over and in my fuckhole, then pokes that motherfucking cock in me. He
gets up on to fuck me like a dog fucks, pounding me hard and fast. I
know Kyle's seeing all that shit, he's fucking got his goddam eyes
glues to where Jake's dick is raping my hole.

"Goddam I love that fucking cunt, boy!" Jake yells. Troy Boy's picking
up the pace, fucking Kyle hard now. I see Kyle's cock hard as fuck and
know he gonna be shooting cum before long. And sure enough, when Jake
pulls me up in a half nelson, skinning my cock with his other hand,
fuckslamming my goddam pussy hard as he can, I yell "MOTHERFUCKER!"
and start shooting all over that goddam carpet. And that's when swole
sergeant loses it. He cum hard, it fucking hits me in the face and
tits, and he's swearing like a motherfucker.

"GODDAM FUCKING MOTHERFUCK SHIT FUCK GODDAM!!" he aint making no
fucking sense. He prolly couldn't even see straight, that fucking cum
was so hard and intense. When I got my mouth on his dick to suck the
rest of his cum out, he couldn't even fucking talk, he just let out
this deep groaning yell. I'll never fucking forget that sound! Then he
just collapses, rolls over onto his side, his cock still dripping.
Then he props himself up, sitting there with his legs all spread out
and can't keep from reaching down to stroke his pussy a little, still
fucking horny.

Jake was close to cumming himself but wasn't gonna do it except in his
favorite pussyhole. Jake pokes it into him, fucks him fast, brutal
like. "Take my cum you fucking bitch!" Troy's shaved pussy had really
turned him on, and he'd been holding back. Now he had his boy on his
dick and couldn't hold back that fucking nut no more. Me and fucking
Kyle are just sitting on our ass watching them two goodlookin muscle
bodies fucking until Troy was shooting his load in the air, Jake
gripping him tight...slamming hard into him then staying put with his
cock all the way up Troy Boy's cunt, them big fucking balls pumping
their load out.

You woulda thought we'd all been fucked out after that. But it was
fucking Kyle now that was wanting more. So after a shower and some
chow. Another fucking beer and some smokes. Kyle and Troy went back to
the old man's bedroom to fuck some more. Jake took me to my room where
he could fucking rape my ass, cause he got so worked up from all that
without really getting much of a chance to fuck me. He was gonna make
up for that now. Anyways, that's basicly what happened. Kyle was
always hot to fuck after that, at least with us. I think he's still in
the Corps but married now Jake told me. Still hot as fuck too.

Anyhow, ya'll wanna hit me up, you can send me a email at
APatroclus1990@gmail.com or check out my fucking twitter at
@APatroclus. Thanks for reading about my crazy life!

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sun, 30 Jun 2019 18:49:31 -0400
From: Achilles Patroclus
Subject: Marine Family part 1 gay male/authoritarian/military/incest

MARINE FAMILY part 1
by APatroclus
(Thanks to Z. and H. who looked all this shit over and helped me with
some of the spelling and ways to say things better. Love you two
motherfuckers!)

I'll tell y'all in the second part of this how it happened that two
twin boys, me Bo and my brother Troy, came to be livin in the same
house as my pop, even tho we hadn't seen him since we was little kids.
He was only 13 years older than us, cause the horny fucker got his gf,
our mama, pregnant in junior high. Since she was a good southern
baptist from North Carolina, she didn'd fuckin get an abortion or
nothing but decided to keep us. Well, daddy didnt stick around long
but went into the Marine Corps as soon as he could, like at 17 years
old. When me and Troy went to live with him, he was at Camp L. in NC,
and everybody can fuckin figure out where that is if they know
anything at all about the fuckin Corps.

So when we ended up stayin with him, we was 17 years old ourselves,
and that motherfucker, my old man, was just fuckin 30, about the same
age I am now. So, i just want to give you all an idea what it was like
living with my daddy. So first you got to know that he wasn't just a
goddam Staff Sergeant of Marines, and a fuckin grunt (infantry), he
was a fuckin motivated bodybuilder. And he has the fuckin body to
prove it. Big fuckin muscles, specially his fuckn chest and shoulders
and goddam arms. Big muscular ass and thighs, and all that big muscle
is lean as fuck. Now along with that, he is a goodlooking son of a
bitch...dark hair, thick sexy eyebrows, blue eyes, and a hot 5 o clock
shadow. I got my looks from him, thank god. But best part of it, he
got a fat fuckin cock, long motherfucker, like 8 and half inches long,
and big stud balls to go with that goddam fuckstick.

Next, you got to know that besides fucking chicks, my daddy loves
fucking dudes. And best of all, he loves getting some fucking devil
dog under his spell and gettin that motherfucker to bend over for him
and take his cock. And he had fun doing it too. So here's where I come
in, in this little story from the summer after my senior year in HS.
Like I said, I got my fuckin looks from him, and he had been working
with me for more then a year on liftin and gettin swole. I wasnt as
big as him yet, but i was getting their. And i aint got nothing to be
ashamed of when it cums to my cock neither...a good 7 and a half
fucking inches.

So he told me at breakfast what he wanted to do later that day, the
start of a three day weekend or what we call a 72. He was sittin at
the table, already in his DCUU's, that's the fuckin desert cammies,
sleeves rolled up perfect, big fuckin guns bulgin everywhere...looking
hot with his high and tight. I'm balls naked. See that's somthing else
you oughta know-rule in the house was that if you aint going outside
or into town, you gotta be naked. He didnt want his boys being all
cock shy around other dudes, and he liked going around cock out
whenever he could.

So he's slugging down his fuckin protein shake and looks at me, up and
down, and says like, "Bo, you up for a little dirty fucking later on?"
My dick started to get hard...but it dont take much with me to get a
hard on. "Yes sir" I answered.
"Got this hot as fuck young sergeant gonna come by after we secure for
the 72. We gonna do some liftin out in the garage." Daddy set up a
pretty goddam good gym out in the garage. It was right off the
kitchen, through a door at the bottom of a little staircase.

"Alright, stud"--he always called me stud when he was horny. "Here's
how we gonna fuckin play it." And he tells me his dirty fucking plan.

Skipping ahead...tryin to keep this shit as short as possible to get
to the good shit...its about 3 in the p.m. and I get a text from the
old man. "Got him. Be there in 20." We lived a ways out, kinda
isolated litle neighborhood near this hick town not to far from Camp
L.

So I wait till I hear the truck pull up, and pull on my short shorts,
the ones daddy bought me and Troy for liftin with our bros and yard
work and shit like that. I'm sprawled out on the bed, makin sure one
leg is stretched out so you can see a little bit of dick thru the leg
hold. Acting like I'm just this typical lazy teenager. I hear em come
in, talking and laughin. Pop says, ''you can change right
here"...meaning his room. I see em go by. The sergeant he got with him
is a young dude, probly just 23 or so. And for sure he's a jackd
bodybuilder type...kinda light colored hair, hard to tell realy cause
he keeps it in a goddam horseshoe type high and tight. He got the
perfect shape skull for it to. They ignore me goin by the door of my
room and I hear em talkin, gettin outa their uniforms and ready to
lift. Seems to be takin a good while, and I'm pretty sure I know
why...

But pretty soon I hear em coming back. "Just gonna check with my boy
real quick" daddy says to sergeant.

"Knock, knock, stud," he says, using that code talk. "This here's SGT
M. We gonna get a workout in...you wanna join us?"

I look up like I was almost asleep. Daddy--his name is Jake and its
just fuckin easier to call him that writing this. Anyways Jake is
standing there in his faded, thin silkies, pulled down so low I can
see some of his cock bush....its thick and black but he keeps it
trimmed to a sqaure patch over his cock. Me and Troy started imitatin
the way he shaves his cockbush, like with almost everything he does.
Anyway, SGT M., who's name turned out to be Kyle, is wearing silkies
about as old and faded as Jake's. He got on a skivvy shirt, the green
kind we wear with the uniform, and its too fuckin small for him, hell
yeah,,, he wants to show off them sexy fucking muscles.

Kyle, SGT M., just jerks his head back a little, his way of sayin
'hey.' He's a little nervous i can tell, kinda guarded. He's realy
fucking goodlooking, now that I see him better. Got them same kinda
eyebrows me and daddy got, nice eyes, pretty cocksucker lips. And the
thing that got me kinda hot even just layin there, under that skivvy
shirt it was pretty easy to spot he had rings in his titties. Hot
damn, I'm thinking!

I act all sleepy though. "Nah, no sir, I think I'll just catch me a
nap here...had a pretty intense workout with Troy."

"Alright" Jake says. "I'll cum get you when we're ready to go eat. I
guess Troy's gone?"

"Yessir, he's out with ....(whatever his fuckin buddy's name
was)...said he'd be home before midnight."

Jake and Kyle walk off. "He better goddam be," Jake was sayin over his
shoulder, moving off. All that bullshit was just part of his plan. I
almost fell asleep for real waiting on the fuckin signal. But yeah
sure enough, I hear some loud rock comin from the garage, just
blasting the fuck outa their. Blasting the music was suppose to be
like 'cover and concealment' for what they was doing. I get up,
already with a full hard on in my shorts and go down to the garage. I
open the door without knocking just like I'm suppose to, and their
they fuckin are !!

Kyle is totally naked. He's straddling a bench, big arms bulgin,
showing off every fuckin muscle, cause he's holding on tight to that
fuckin bench, his big legs are sprawled out wide, his round perfect
ass up high in back. And there's Jake, my old man, straddling the
bench to, but he's standing his cock stuck in Kyle asshole. Jake's
fucking him hard and that motherfucker was fucking back on his cock
hard to, them tit rings just fuckin swingin back and forth with their
fuck thrustin. His goddam goodlookin face was just pure fucking bliss.
Goddam tongue almost hangin out, his eyes closed, and he was looking
good with all them fucking muscles working.

I say real loud, my 'big boy voice', loud enough to hear over the
fuckin music. "HOLY FUCKING SHIT! GODDAMIT Y'ALL!" Something like
that.

Kyle, fucking SGT M., goes totally fuckin red in the face, looking
over at me like I was a goddam assasin or something. See, Jake takes
some of these fucking macho boys and gets em where they can't fucking
lie about themself, at least not to us. That's why he wanted to set it
up so fuckin SGT Kyle would get caught doing it. Jake feels him tense
up, no doubt, no doubt, and leans down on him, muscle on muscle, his
big fuckin arms wrapped around Kyle's ribcage so he can't run off.

"Ain't what it looks like" Kyle says, looking like he's gonna
cry...well, almost. Marines dont fuckin cry.

"Yeah?" I say, switchin off the fuckn music. "Cuz it looks like my
daddy is fuckin his cock in your pussy."

"Fuck yeah, boy," Jake says. "That's just what I'm doing. And this
motherfucker's loving evry goddam inch. Look at this bitch's fuckin
dick! So goddam hard!" He puts Kyle in a double nelson and hauls him
up so I can see his dick stickin out hard. Jake lets go with one arm
so he can reach around and stroke Kyle's cockstand. I'm standin right
in front of em now balls naked, one leg on either side of the bench.
"Bet you'd like to suck my dick, huh?"

Jake pushes Kyle back down into that goddam degrading doggy position
and puts his big hand on the back of his head to push him toward my
dick. "C'mon, stud, you know you want to...we all done it, Kyle..."

Somehow my daddy was able to get them uptight jarheads into this total
fuckin horny state of mind, cuz Kyle opened his mouth and took my
cock. He's getting fuckd front and back, harder and harder as we get
more worked up.

Jake is gettin close, cuz he's startin to slam SGT Hotfuck hard. "Bo,
suck his goddam cock! Get that fuckin mouth on it, boy!" he yells at
me. He wants me to suck him off so his pussy'll get real tight right
as Jake's gonna cum. So I pull out, get down on that bench under that
sweaty muscled up body and suck on his cock like a fuckin whore.
"GODDAM... OH FUCK....MOTHERFUCKER!!" It's my old man and Kyle both,
swearing their goddam heads off...I get a big mouthful of fuckin cum,
Kyle's fuckin my face as much as he can and making his nut run out
down my chin. Jake's just fuckin glued to Kyle, holding him close,
only his fuckin hips and ass slammin into Kyle's fuckhole, filling
that motherfucker up.

One last trick though! When Kyle's done shooting, I move back and get
where we're face 2 face, and I just kiss him with all that cum on my
lips and my fuckn tongue. Jake's still slowly fuckin him in and out,
gettin all that fuck juice outa his balls, watchin us kiss, them
tongues moving back and forth into the others mouth. "Jerk that
motherfucker off" Jake tells Kyle. He does, don't even hesitate.
Strokes my cock til I put out about 8 ropes of cum.

We just all pantin and recovering for a while. Then Jake says, kinda
like 'sealing the deal', "Goddam, Marine, you got a good pussy on you!
you fuckin like that didnt you?"

Kyle's still a little shy, but he's smiling now, even if he's still
blushing...dick's still hard to, like mine. "Yeah, man...that was ....
fucking hot....shit."

There was more after that, specially after my twin brother Troy got
home.But I can tell y'all that another time. Let me know if you want
to hear more. Just fuckin hit me up at APatroclus1990@gmail.com or you
can check out my fuckn twitter @APatroclus