Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Mon, 1 Apr 2002 14:55:03 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: Marine Encounter XII

Disclaimer: I have no idea why these are put on. If you aren't old enough
to read these stories, how did you know how to get to this website to begin
with? As to anyone who doesn't like this kind of writing, what the fuck are
you doing on this website at all? Enough said.

I know it's been a long time, and I know that I told some of you it would
be a lot longer time until I continued this, but I was feeling emotional
today and my way of dealing with that is to write. So I decided to try and
bring some more of Shawn and Bobby's story to you. So - for all of you who
asked, here it is.

Marine Encounter - XII
(c) RimPig 2002

I woke up the next morning with Shawn's body spooned to me and him licking
the back of my neck. A very nice, if wet, way to greet the morning. I could
also feel his hard cock nudging it's way into the crack of my ass, seeking
my hole. Also a nice way to wake in the morning. Add to that, his arms were
around me and his fingers gently playing with my nipples and you have all
the makings of a really great morning. Well...a great anytime, really!

I moaned at the all the attention Shawn was paying to my body as I reached
back and began to stroke his flanks with my hand. The feel of his hard
muscles under his soft skin were a constant delight to me. How a man so
hard and tough could have such soft, stroke-able skin was beyond me. I'm a
freak for the feel, the smell and the taste of a man's skin. And Shawn was
a total delight in all three areas.

Since I could not just lie passively while he continued to send chills of
pleasure through my body, I grabbed one of his hands that were playing with
my nipples and brought it to my mouth. First I sucked on his index finger
and lightly nibbled it. Then I dipped down and began licking the palm of
his hand. He groaned at this and I felt his hard cock push further into my
butt-crack. I pushed back against his cock to let him know that I was as
eager for him to enter me as he was to shove his cock deeply into my
interior.

He got the hint and began gently but relentlessly pushing the head of his
uncut monster against the opening to my body. I groaned in pleasure as the
head pushed it's way inside the outer ring of my ass and slowly slid deep
into the warm, wet tunnel inside me. As he bottomed out, with his pubic
hair grinding against my outer ass lips, I heard him groan as well, feeling
the heat and tightness of my hole surrounding his cock.

"Feel at home now, Marine?" I asked, glancing over my shoulder at him,
giving him a salacious smile.

"You know it! My weapon is inserted and ready in its proper place." he
deeply growled in my ear, returning my smile with one of his own.

"Well, don't commence firing for a while! I want this to really enjoy this,
Ok?" I begged.

"I have no intention of firing my weapon with undue haste, Sir! I plan for
this to be a long campaign, Sir!" He raised his voice somewhat, in an
imitation of Marine 'Parade Ground' tone.

"Shh!!!" I said to him. "We don't want to wake the rest of the 'Corps'
sleeping in the other room, do we?"

"No! This is a one-man mission only!" he said decisively.

As he said this, his cock twitched deep in my hole as if to let me know
exactly which piece of territory was being claimed by this Marine. I
murmured my agreement and satisfaction as he began to slowly stroke in and
out of me. I noticed that he was pulling out slowly and pushing back in a
little faster. Gradually, I felt the rhythm build to where he was snapping
his hips forward on each in stroke and really pounding my butt good! I
loved it and kept begging him to fuck me harder. I was pushed almost over
onto my stomach and my rock hard cock was rubbing across the sheets and I
knew it wouldn't be long before I was shooting my cream all over the bed
linens. He began to sweat and I could smell the musk of his body and the
scent of our lovemaking. My craving for scent was getting well taken care
of as he fucked me deeply and hard.

I could tell from his moaning that Shawn, despite his protestations to the
contrary, was not going to make this a 'long campaign'. And I no sooner
thought this than I felt him deliver several volleys of hot, molten 'Shawn
spoonge' deep into my guts. That's all I needed to push me over the edge
with him and I delivered a number of volleys across the sheets of the bed
in answer, moaning loudly in the rapture of my orgasm.

We lay there finally, Shawn's quick breaths blowing against my neck as he
calmed from his exertion. As his cock slowly softened inside me, I suddenly
felt a flow of warmth begin to fill the interior of my body. I knew what
that was! Shawn was taking his morning piss in his favorite place - my ass.

"I sometimes think you do that to mark me as 'territory' like a wolf does!"
I smiled back at him.

"It is my territory! Invaded, fought for and conquered!" he grinned like a
little boy who'd just declared himself "Kind of the Mountain".

"Well, just so long as you know you can never have all of it." I leered at
him.

"Why not?" he asked, his face full of surprise at my answer.

"You can never have all of it, that's why they call it a 'piece of ass'." I
laughed at the punch-line to a very old joke which Shawn obviously had
either never heard or forgotten.

He groaned and buried his head against my neck. We continued to lay there,
enjoying the warmth and feel of each other's bodies. I never wanted to move
from his arms. I just wanted to lay there for the rest of my life feeling
safe, protected and loved by this gentle, raunchy and yet romantic
Marine. But this was not to be. My body was starting to desperately want to
expel Shawn's morning offerings inside me. I gently pushed his softened
cock out of my ass and ran to the bathroom to allow the pressure in my
bowels to ease. I then went to the shower room where I found Shawn already
under several of the jets of water.

Upon seeing me, he grabbed me in his wet and soapy arms and pulled me into
a tight embrace. He pressed his open mouth to mine in a deep and passionate
kiss while his hands slipped down my back to grab hold of my ass cheeks and
slide several fingers deep into my ass-trench and begin to finger my well
used hole. I moaned at his invasion of my body and my cock began to rise
again. I couldn't imagine what was wrong with me this morning. I was like a
randy teenager again! I'd just had a massive orgasm from Shawn fucking my
ass and here I was with a woody again!

Shawn, feeling the effect he was having on me, broke the kiss and began to
slide down my body until he was on his knees looking directly at my hard,
throbbing cock. He continued to ream out my recently used ass with two
fingers while his other hand pulled down on my cock and brought it to his
lips. He pulled the hood of my foreskin forward and began to lick down
inside it, slurping up all the cock-honey that was pouring from my
piss-slit.

He pushed back the hood and began to lick the smegma which had formed
overnight under the head of my cock. He then engulfed my cock until it was
buried deep in his throat and his throat muscles were massaging it. His
finger (I couldn't tell if it was 2 or 3 or, really, his whole hand up
there now!) continued to move in and out of my ass, fucking me in rhythm to
the massaging muscles of his throat on my cock. I knew that I was going to
cum very quickly at this rate.

And I was right. Almost immediately, I began to blow cum down his throat at
what felt like an amazing rate! I could almost swear that it was a deeper,
stronger and longer orgasm than the one I'd already had that morning in
bed! I know there was no moaning this time. No! I was screaming my pleasure
at the top of my lungs filling the air with desperately shouted obscenities
and entreaties to every known and unknown god in the universe!

As I came down from this 'high', Shawn continued to gently suck on my
softening cock. I was pretty sure what he wanted, and when I looked down
and saw him looking up at me - my cock in his mouth and an evil glint in
his eye - I was sure of it. I allowed my muscles to relax and then began
pissing into his mouth. Shawn moaned at the first splash of my piss against
the back of his throat and quickly began swallowing down my golden
nectar. Shawn moaned around my pissing cock as I released to him everything
I had stored in my body. At the same time he was swallowing my piss, Shawn
rapidly stroked his long cock to a rapid orgasm, shooting cum half way
across the shower-room floor.

When we both finished, Shawn rose and took me in his arms again and pressed
his lips against mine. I could taste the remnants of my piss on his lips
and in his mouth. The taste was salty but no unpleasant. We stood under ths
shower for a long time, just holding each other and kissing deeply. Then
Shawn took the soap and began to wash my body, beginning with my hair. This
is one of my favorite things that Shawn does to me. I love the feeling of
him shampooing me - the feel of his fingers running through my hair and
over my scalp. It is the most sensuous thing I know of! I grabbed the soap
and returned the favor. Soon, we were both washed and rinsed and on to the
kitchen for coffee.

We both grabbed a cup from the automatic pot and headed out to the balcony
to sit and look out at the ocean. We were quiet with each other this
morning. Both somewhat exhausted and calm from our morning sex and also
somewhat lost in our own thoughts.

I thought again about last night's conversation with Hank's sister. The
thought of young gay teens locked within a heartless and cold foster care
system, never knowing what a family was like, never knowing what it was
like to be accepted and loved for who they were. It wasn't right. And if
there was any way that I could do something about it, I was going to try.

"I really do want to talk to you." I finally said to Shawn.

"You said that last night before we went to sleep. What is it, babe? Is
something wrong?" Shawn asked, his face showing concern.

"Yes. There's a lot wrong. But it's not with you and me." I added quickly.

"Well, good! You had me worried there for a second." Shawn grinned.

"No, what's wrong is what Hank's sister, Donna, was saying last night at
dinner. You know, about the gay kids in foster care. The thought of that
just breaks my heart!" I said.

"I know what you mean. It gets me real deep inside, too. I know better than
anyone what it's like to live in an 'institution' that doesn't accept you
being gay. But I don't know what we could do about it." Shawn replied.

"Would you like to do something about it if we could?"  I asked him.

"Sure. But I don't see what we could do short of adopting them." he said,
without really thinking about what he was saying until he looked at me and
I was grinning like a Cheshire Cat at him.  "Oh, no! You don't mean that!?"

"You bet your very sweet ass I do!" I replied.

"Now look, Bobby, I care about those kids as much as you do, but we can't
go adopting all of them in the system!" Shawn replied.

"Actually, we can't adopt ANY of them." I said dejectedly. "Florida is the
only state in the nation that doesn't allow gay people to adopt children."

"Your kidding, right?!" Shawn asked, beginning to get a little hot about
the issue.

"No. I'm not kidding. It's been a law for a long time. The homophobic,
bigotted crackers in the north Florida counties passed it in the
legislature years ago. Said that we were 'Child Molesters" and "Baby
Rapers" and shouldn't be allowed near children. Didn't even bother to check
the facts.  Like the fact that 88% of all child molest cases are
heterosexual! And the fact that a 'pedophile' and a gay or lesbian person
are completely different things." I was warming up to the topic myself.

"What fucking assholes!!" Shawn all but shouted. His vehemence almost
shocked me. Evidently this beautiful hunk of Marine I'd fallen for had a
well developed 'social conscience' as well.

"But, there is a way we can still help." I said, trying to get back on
track for what I wanted to discuss with Shawn.

"And what's that?" he asked.

"While we cannot adopt, we can be 'foster parents'. We can take the kids
into our home on a temporary basis. Now, since most of these kids are
between 14 and 18, and since there's no chance they will be adopted, we can
keep a kid until he turns 18. The state will even pay us - not nearly
enough for a kids' real upkeep, of course - to keep him. Then at 18, he's a
legal adult and can do what he wants." I informed him.

"So, you mean, the hypocritical state will allow us to parent this kid
until he's legally an adult but not adopt him?! What the fuck is the logic
in that!" Shawn said, the anger still in his voice.

"The same logic that I'm sure you've seen the military use hundreds of time
- none." I answered.

Shawn looked furious for a moment, and then suddenly burst into
uncontrollable laughter. He laughed for a good 5 minutes and after a while,
I joined him.

"Ok, you got me!" Shawn panted, finally able to speak again. "But do you
think we're really ready to do something like that - bring a kid into our
home and our relationship?"

"I don't know. That's why I wanted to talk to you about it. I know I love
you. I know you love me. And I think that we've got enough love between us
to be able to give some to someone beyond just each other. Especially
someone who really needs it and can't ask for it." I said, looking steadily
into his eyes.

"I can't disagree with anything you're saying. But how do you know they'll
even let us be foster parents?" Shawn questioned me.

"That's where Donna comes in! She can arrange for us to be made foster
parents and she already has several kids that have 'come out' to her that
she knows would love to have a gay family to live with." I said excitedly.

"Whoa! Wait a minute. We can't take on several kids all at once! I'm not
sure we're both grown up enough for even one!" Shawn grinned at me.

"We don't have to take on several. We can pick just one for now. If that
works out, maybe more later. I know that Donna has been trying to get Mike
and Hank to move here and start a kind of 'group home' for some of
them. Maybe we should talk to them, as well. See what they think about the
idea and what, if any, plans they have." I suggested.

"Ok, but I want to take this slow, babe." Shawn said. "This is too
important a step to take quickly. With a kid involved, I don't want to take
a chance on him getting hurt or something.  Agreed?"

"Of course I agree with that! I wasn't thinking of having a kid move in
this afternoon." I said.

"Well, that's good." Shawn grinned.

"I wasn't thinking of him moving in until at least next week." I laughed at
him, getting up and running into the bedroom before he could react.

Later that day, all of us sat down with Donna. Hank and Mike, Grunt and
Wolf, Shawn and I all sat around the living room and discussed the idea of
what to do with the gay kids that Donna had in foster care. Hank and Mike
loved the idea of starting a group home. They both had more than 20 years
in with the Marine Corps and could retire at any time. Grunt and Wolf,
however, still had a number of months to go before their current
enlistments were up and I didn't know if they wanted to come out of the
service this soon. But as we all talked, I began to see glances passing
back and forth between Grunt and Wolf that began to make me think that they
would like to be a part of this as well. After Donna had outlined what
would be needed to create a group foster home, I finally saw the opening I
needed to discuss an idea I had come up with.

"I want to put something before all of you that I have been thinking about
for quite some time now. My parents left me a hell of a lot of money. More
money than Shawn and I are ever going to need just for ourselves. I want to
do something good - something meaningful - with it. Something that actually
can go to help people who really need it. And I can't think of a group of
people who need it more than these kids that Donna has in foster care. Now,
Hank and Mike, you've both said you'd love to do something like this. What
I want to offer you is a place to do it. I will purchase a compound with
enough housing for as many boys as you think you can handle. I will create
a fund to pay for all expenses not covered by the state's foster care
funding and I will pay both of you a salary for running the place. But the
place will be yours. I won't interfere. I will want to be part of it,
though. As much as I can be. How does that sound to you?" I asked.

"I think we'd love it. But it would be a lot of work for just two people."
Hank said with Mike nodding in agreement.

"I understand that which is why there is more to my offer." I added. "Grunt
and Wolf, I know that you're both in the Corps, but I know your enlistments
are almost up. Do you both want to continue in careers in the military or
could I tempt you to leave the Corps behind and come to work for this
little enterprise? What I'm offering you is not only salary, but full
tuition to college - including books and expenses - if you will both work
part-time to help Hank and Mike run the group home. I will also pay for
medical coverage for all four of you plus supply leased cars and vans for
the group home which you will have use of. How about it?"

I waited for them to have time to think about it. Hank and Mike sitting and
looking at Grunt and Wolf who were looking back at them. Then I saw Mike
wink at Grunt and Grunt leaped off the sofa screaming, "FUCK,
YEAH!!!". Then, remembering that there was someone here who wasn't a guy or
a Marine, he quickly apologized to Donna, who laughed at his embarrassment.

"I think I've heard the term before." Donna said to the chastened Grunt.

We decided that we would look to house four to eight boys at a time. This
would allow optimal oversight and contact for the boys. We all felt that
for this to work, the boys would need a lot of individual attention and
love.

"What about us?" Shawn asked.

"What do you mean, love?" I was puzzled.

"How are we going to be involved in this? I'm going to be in school part of
the time, but I want to be a part of this as well." Shawn had a confused
look on his face.

"Do you want to be involved? Really want to?" I asked.

"Fuck, yes!" he said, winking at Grunt. He then turned to me, a very
serious look on his face.  "And I know you want to be involved, too. When
you talk about those kids, there is a light that comes in your eyes that
I've only seen when I make love to you. I know how much this means to
you. And if it does mean that much, it means everything to me."

"Well, I have had my real estate brokers working on this. They've found me
a compound in a very nice area of Fort Lauderdale which is on deep water,
so that it has access to the ocean. It has two very large homes on it which
can easily be converted to one gigantic house big enough to house all of
the boys plus Mike, Hank, Grunt and Wolf. There is a large pool and enough
land for outdoor activities to cool down the energy of teenage boys. I have
an option on it now. All it would take is one call to my broker and the
property is mine. I'm going to make that call, no matter what, so that the
other guys can get started with their preparations. My plan is to have
another home built on the property for us. A smaller home with all the
'extra's' that this one has."  I told Shawn.

"You mean like my favorite room?" he grinned.

"Yes, exactly. Only a little bigger, since I have the feeling that we may
have company in it often."  I said, smiling over at the other two male
couples. They all nodded their heads in agreement.

"And what about your idea about having a kid of our own?" he asked me
quietly.

"The more I thought about it, the more I knew that it would not be fair. I
want all of these kids to be all of our kids. With the six of us, there's
plenty of love to go around. I want to try and make up for all the love
these kids have never found in their lives. And it might take all six of us
to get some of them to finally trust us enough to let down their defenses
and let us love them!" I explained.

"Sounds like you've worked with foster kids before." Donna said, looking at
me quizzically.

"I didn't exactly work with them, but I knew kids who lived in a group home
when I was growing up. The first guy had sex with, first fell in love with
I guess you could say, when I was fourteen was one of them. He was so
damaged though, by all the hell he'd been through in his life, that I could
never reach him. He would never allow me to really love him. He eventually
committed suicide." I hung my head, overcome with emotions and memories.

Shawn, quickly wrapped me in his arms and held my face to his chest while
the tears leaked from my eyes.

"It's ok, babe. I'm here now. I'm not going anywhere. I'll always love
you." Shawn said quietly as he rocked me in his arms.

As I tried to recover my composure, I heard Mike asking Donna, "How long
until we can get this show on the road?"

"It will take about six weeks to eight weeks for me to go through the
records and screen kids. I want to interview the ones I think would be most
helped by something like this." Donna replied.

"Well, that will give us time to get back to San Diego, pack up and put the
house on the Market."  Mike said, looking at Hank.

"And we can live there until it's sold, since Wolf and I can't leave the
Corps for another four months." Grunt replied.

"That's a good idea," Mike said to his son. "That way we won't have to
worry about the house while it's being sold. You two won't mind being alone
together?" Mike asked Grunt with a twinkle in his eye.

"Well..." Grunt stammered. "It will be a problem, but I'm sure we can
handle it." he finally replied while grinning over at an equally grinning
Wolf.

"I love you guys, more than I can ever say. Thank you. I can't believe that
in so short a time, I've gone from having nothing but money, to having
everything I've ever wanted!" I said, looking at each one of these
beautiful Marines, and looking last into the eyes of the man I loved more
than anyone else in the world - Shawn.

END OF PART XII

I hope you've enjoyed this episode. I don't know whether I'll end the story
here or continue it as an additional story about the Group Home.

The facts I stated about my home state are true, as many of you know. I
guess that's why I got into this whole subject of foster care to begin
with. That, and the fact that for many years, I was a social worker working
with teenage boys and their families. And this was kind of a dream of mine,
to have this type of Group Home for kids who had already self-identified as
Gay but were stuck in the foster care system with no hope of ever finding a
home, a family, or gay role-models. The dream will never happen for me now
because of my HIV status - the state would never let me become a foster
care parent now. But I hope that maybe somebody will read this and it will
spark a dream in them to found such a home in their state or to adopt an
adolescent who needs a home if you live in one of the states that allows
Gay men to adopt.

You can write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. I do try to answer all of my
e-mails from readers (as many of you have found out already). Please don't
write with plot suggestions. I already know where my stories are going
before they are written. If you have plot ideas, I'm just going to suggest
that you take the plunge and start writing yourself. It's the only way
you'll ever know how much fun and how rewarding it is.

And if you did enjoy the story, please consider making a donation to NIFTY
to keep the site available and free for all.

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Tue, 2 Apr 2002 13:21:19 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: Marine Encounter XI

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.


Marine Encounter - Part XI
by RimPig (c) 2002

As I lay in bed that night listening to Shawn's deep, steady breaths, I
began to think about Mark.  It had been years since I had thought about
him, but the discussion about kids in foster care naturally brought his
memory back to me.

Mark was a foster care kid. When I was 11 or 12, we lived next to his
foster care parents for a few years. The Petersens, the name of his foster
care family, were nice people. They seemed to really care for the four kids
that they fostered. Mark was the oldest, he was 14. The others three were
all girls. Julie who was three, Kindra who was four and Melissa who was 8.

Mark and I got to be very good friends. The fact was, I had a huge crush on
him. I was only just discovering that I was strongly attracted to other
boys. I didn't know exactly what it meant, but I knew that this was somehow
different. I tried to keep my feelings well hidden, but I guess I couldn't
do a very good job around Mark because I was so taken with him.

He was a very good-looking boy. He was about 5' 8" tall. He had very dark
brown hair and deep blue eyes. His body was quite muscular for a boy his
age because he played football on a municipal league and worked out on a
set of weights that Mr. Petersen had in the garage. I loved to watch him
lifting weights, his young muscles straining and bulging while his skin
glistened with sweat. I loved the opportunities I got to smell him after he
had worked out. It was the first time I began to notice how wonderful a
guy's natural scent was - especially when they were sweaty. I loved the
smell of Mark and was eager to get close to him every chance I could
get. My parents wouldn't let me work out with weights because they said I
wasn't old enough, but Mike still allowed me to watch him every day when he
did it. These were some of my happiest memories.  Mark's beautiful muscles
and the scent of him surrounding me as I watched. Of course, I had to hide
the hardon I constantly had while this was going on.

The best part of all of this is that Mark seemed to like me as well. He was
always letting me hang out with him and would, when no one else was around,
even put his arm around my shoulders and let me feel the touch of his skin
against mine. Mark loved coming over to my house and playing with all the
stuff in my room. As a foster care kid, Mark didn't have a lot of his own
things. But I loved having him around and let him have full run of my room
any time he wanted.

My parents let Mark sleep over a lot as well. I think they figured out very
quickly that I cared very deeply about Mark. They seemed a little bothered
at first but one day, my Dad came to my room when I was alone and sat down
on my bed and started talking to me.

"You really like Mark a lot, don't you, Bobby?" he said.

I guess I must have blushed at this. I remember feeling my face getting
hot.

"Yeah, Dad! He's so cool!" I answered, my face turned to the floor.

"He seems like a very nice boy. Is he nice to you?" Dad asked.

"Oh, yes! He's always very nice to me. He lets me spend time with him and
he shows me stuff.  He's almost like an older brother. I wish he was my
older brother." I trailed off.

"I know, son. But you know that your mom and I can't have any more
children. You know, all boys have very special friends when they're growing
up. They are almost like brothers to them.  It's perfectly normal to have
those kinds of feelings for someone. I just want you to understand that
sometimes those feelings change. Mark is a bit older than you and someday
soon, he might start getting more interested in girls than hanging around
with you. That's normal, too. So don't be too sad if it happens. Do you
understand?" he asked.

I didn't really, but I nodded my head anyway because that's what he seemed
to expect from me.  He left then, but I continued to think about what he
had said. Mark didn't seem at all interested in girls. We had talked about
it one night when he slept over. He told me about sex, about how babies are
made. He didn't go any further then, but that night, I woke up to find Mark
arms around me and us laying like spoons. I also felt his cock was very
hard inside his briefs and shoved up against my butt as we slept. I
remember that I felt so warm and protected with his arms around me like
that. I drifted back off to sleep, secure and happy.

As time when on, Mark and I talked more and more about sex stuff. He talked
about jacking off.  I'd already discovered that a long time ago. I had just
started shooting cum but I didn't have any pubic hair yet. Mark's cock was
huge in comparison to mine - or at least I thought so at the time.  He had
dark hairs sprouting around it and when it was hard, it was over six inches
long. I got to see it a lot because whenever Mark would sleep over, we
would jack off together. I couldn't take my eyes off his hardon while he
worked his hand up and down the shaft.  One night I noticed that Mark was
just as avidly watching me stroke my cock at the same time. He seemed to be
getting off on my cock as much as I was his.

One night, several weeks after this, I finally got up the nerve to ask Mark
if I could touch his cock. We were lying in bed, slowly stroking our
hardon's. We hadn't really started to get into it yet. Mark was hesitant at
first, but finally said that I could touch his if he could touch mine. I
readily agreed. He said we should not lay shoulder to shoulder as we were,
however. We should lay with our head pointing to each other's feet so that
we could get a "good look" at each other's cocks.

Not knowing really anything about boy/boy sex, I didn't realize that this
was the position for 69.  But I was eager to get my hands on Mark's boner
and putting my face that close to his crotch, and all the wonderful smells
I knew were there, just made things that much better.

As I touched and played with Mark's cock, I noticed a small drop of clear
liquid that bubbled up from his piss-slit. I touched it and found it very
slick. Without thinking, I brought my finger to my mouth and tasted it. It
tasted very sweet. With my finger still in my mouth, I looked up to see
Mark looking at me. I was very embarrassed to have been caught doing
something like this, but Mark smiled at me and reached down and ruffled my
hair.

"Does it taste good to you, buddy?" he asked.

I nodded my head.

"Yeah, it does to me, too! I love to lick it off my fingers when I'm
jacking off. There's more of it, why don't you taste it again?" he said. I
could hear something in his voice which I later recognized as desire.

I don't know why I did it - natural instinct, I guess - but when I saw more
of the sweet nectar bubbling out of his cock head, I didn't use my
finger. I just leaned over and wiped my tongue across the top of his cock
and licked up all the sweet liquid I could find there. I heard Mark groan
and I thought I had hurt him in some way. I quickly lifted my head to look
at him. His eyes seemed to burn into mine.

"Oh, God! That felt so good! Please do it again!" Mark begged.

I was thrilled. Something I did made Mark feel really good! Of course, I
immediately bent down again and began licking all over his cock head. Mark
continued to moan at the feel of my tongue and I was in heaven. I could
smell the wonderful odor of adolescent male crotch wafting up into my nose
and I knew there was no place on earth I would rather be for the rest of my
life. Without being told, I began to take Mark's cock into my mouth. As it
moved inside me, I continued to lick all around it. Marks moans became
louder until they stopped all together.

Then I felt it. The warm wetness surrounded my hard cock and I thought I
would lose it right there and then. I looked over, and there was Mark with
my cock buried in his mouth. He was giving me the very same pleasure that I
was giving him. I lay there watching while Mark continued to lick and suck
on my cock inside his mouth. Noticing that I had stopped, Mark took his
mouth from my cock and looked me deep in the eyes.

"Don't stop. Let's do each other." Mark said and then he dipped his head
down and re-captured my cock in his mouth.

I quickly complied, taking as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. I
wanted to take all of it, like he'd done mine. But, at first, it was
difficult. But as I sucked on his cock, my mouth and throat gradually began
to relax and more and more of Mark's cock slid inside until it hit the back
of my throat. I guess it was just reflex, or something that happened
naturally, but the minute that Mark's cock hit the back of my throat, I
didn't gag. In fact, the muscles of my throat just seemed to open up and
suck Mark's cock deep inside.

Mark began to hunch against my face, driving his cock in and out of my
sucking mouth and throat. I loved the feeling of his cock fucking my mouth
and throat. I loved watching his balls moving within their smooth sack and
finally tightening up, one on each side of Mark's cock. Mark was really
moaning around my cock now and pushing his cock in and out of my
mouth. Suddenly, he stopped and grew very tense. I had the presence of mind
to keep sucking on his cock and with a great moan, I suddenly felt my mouth
filled with hot, acrid, thick liquid that shot from Mark's cock. Not
knowing what else to do, I began to quickly swallow to keep from being
drowned by Mark's adolescent load.

At the same time, I reached the point of no return and began to cum into
Mark's mouth. Not very much, I could only shoot a few drops at that time,
but Mark gobbled my cock hungrily - like a man starved. We continued to
nurse on each other's cock, trying to get the last little bit of liquid,
until both our cocks became too sensitive to stand it any longer.

At that point, Mark reached for me and I moved up the bed into his arms. He
held me tightly and began to gently kiss me. First my forehead, then my
eyes, then the tip of my nose and, finally, his lips gently touched mine. I
could feel his lips open and his tongue began to gently lick my lower lip
until I opened my mouth. Then his tongue shyly began to lick inside,
tasting his own load in my mouth. I moaned and sucked on his tongue and our
kiss became deeper and more passionate.

This was no longer about two horny boys getting each other off. With a
blinding flash, I suddenly realized what these feelings I had for Mark
were. I was deeply, totally in love with him and tried in every way to show
him how much I cared. Mark seemed to have the same feelings and the same
agenda. We continued to kiss for a long time, barely allowing either of us
to breathe. And, as we kissed, our cock became hard again and began to push
against each other.

Mark finally broke the kiss, but began to move down my body. First he
licked and sucked at my neck which caused goose-bumps to rise all over my
body.  From there he trailed down my chest and began to suck at each one of
my nipples. My back arched off the bed, shoving my chest into his face, as
I felt the electric shocks of pleasure shoot through my body. I had no idea
that my nipples were that sensitive or what it would feel like to have
someone suck on them.

Mark finally moved farther down my body, trailing his tongue across my flat
stomach and burying his face in my crotch. I could hear him snorting as he
breathed deeply of the scent of my cock and balls. I thought he was going
to suck my cock again, but instead, he began to slowly and deliberately
lick my balls. I was overwhelmed by the sensation of his tongue as he
licked my sack and was almost driven to the point of madness when he took
my scrotum within his mouth and began to suck on both of my balls at
once. But Mark didn't stop there.

Reaching under my legs, he pushed them up and back until my knees were
almost resting on my chest and my ass was spread and raised to his
view. Mark dipped his head forward and I could hear him taking whiffs of my
ass scent. It suddenly struck me that Mark evidently loved the smell of my
body as much as I loved the smell of his. What he did next, however, almost
blew me completely away. After getting a good whiff of my ass, he dipped
his head lower and I felt his tongue licking away at my hole.

This was almost more than I could take. I had never dreamed that my ass
could be so sensitive or that anyone would ever think of, much less do,
what Mark was doing to me. Having licked up and down my butt crack a few
times, he now centered all his attention on my tiny ass hole. He licked and
sucked at the orifice and gradually, I could feel the pressure of his
tongue trying to go inside of me. Gradually, my butt hole loosened up from
all of the coaxing and pressure of Mark's mouth and for the first time, I
felt a man's tongue licking deep inside of me. It was the most wonderful
feeling in the world. And I suddenly knew that there was nothing I wouldn't
do to feel this again and again.

But there was something far beyond just Mark's rimming of my hole that was
to come. I guess if I had any inkling of what was about to happen, I might
have been scared. But I loved Mark with my whole heart and soul. I trusted
him and knew, that no matter what he wanted to do to me, it would be
wonderful. Marked looked up at me from between my legs, his mouth still
licking my ass and he winked at me. I smiled at him and was once more lost
to the feeling of his tongue buried in my most secret and intimate place.

Mark finally stopped licking my hole and began to gently shove his finger
into my ass. Because of all the saliva that was deposited there and how
well relaxed his had made my sphincter, it slid in easily. Mark began to
play up inside my hole and he suddenly pushed against something that almost
had me rise vertically off the bed! I didn't know what he hit with his
finger, but it felt like I was cumming. Mark grinned at my reaction and
continued to press against this spot several times until I was all but
begging him to stop. The feeling was so intense, I could hardly stand it.

Mark then began working a second finger up my hole. He was making my hole
relax and grow bigger but I couldn't understand why. I knew nothing about
boys fucking each other in the ass but I knew that my ass was 'itching'
deep inside for something beyond Mark's fingers. I just didn't know what. I
began to wiggle my ass and try to push it forward to gobble up more of
Mark's fingers. Seeing this, Mark smiled at me.

"Well, I guess you're ready!" Mark said, reaching down and beginning to
stroke his already hard cock.

"Ready for what?" I asked in all innocense.

"I want to fuck you, Bobby." Mark said, his tone deeply loving and horny at
the same time.

"What do you mean?" I asked, not really knowing what he was talking about.

"You know, I told you about fucking, how a guy fucks a girl to get her
pregnant." Mark explained.

"Yeah, but I'm not a girl." I said, quite confused by all of this.

"I know. But guys can fuck other guys. They just fuck their butts rather
than a girl's pussy." he said, making things much plainer.

"You want to shove your cock up my butt?" I asked.

"Yes. You're all relaxed now, it shouldn't hurt. And when I do, it's going
to feel really, really good." Mark promised.

"I'm scared." I admitted.

"Don't be, Bobby. I won't hurt you, I promise. Can I please fuck you?" Mark
asked.

"Ok. But, Mark, please don't hurt me. I love you." I said.

At this, Mark looked up and stared deeply into my eyes. I thought I saw
tears start to glisten in his.

"Do you really? Do you really love me, Bobby?" he asked breathlessly.

"Yes, Mark, I do. I have loved you for a very long time. I didn't realize
it until you took me in your arms and began to kiss me. But I do. Is that
ok?" I asked.

"Yes, it is very ok!" Mark voice was husky with emotion. "It's been so very
long since anyone has told me that. I didn't think I'd ever have anyone
love me again. I love you, Bobby. That's why I want to fuck you. It will
bring us as closely together as two people can be. Do you understand?"  he
asked.

"Yes, I'm beginning to. Part of your body will be inside my body. That's
almost like we were one person." I told him.

"That's exactly it. Don't you want that?" Mark almost begged.

"I want that more than anything!" I promised.

Mark didn't say anymore. The time for talking was over. He dipped down and
again applied more of his spit to my ass and then spit on his hand and
lubed up his hard cock with it. He placed the head of his cock at my hole
and gently began to push. I felt some pressure. It didn't hurt, but my
sphincter didn't seem to want to open any further to let Mark in. Mark
looked down at me and told me to push down, like I was taking a dump and
that would let my hole relax. I did as he said and the next thing I knew,
the head of his cock had broken through and was buried halfway in my ass.

I expected there to be pain, but there wasn't. Mark's loosening of my ass
had been very successful. I felt a fullness with his cock inside me, but I
felt a completeness as well. Like this was something that I had wanted all
my life but never knew. Mark hesitated to see if I was alright, but I just
smiled at him. At this, he began to push his cock slowly the rest of the
way into me. I, however, was too impatient. I reached out and grabbed his
hips and pulled him to me as hard as I could. His cock went tearing through
my ass and bottomed out as his curly pubic hair tickled the outside of my
hole.

The feeling of having him completely inside me was indescribable. I never
felt anything more natural in my life. It felt so perfect. I felt so
complete. I knew that this was what I wanted to feel the rest of my
life. Buried to the hilt inside me, Mark relaxed his body down until he was
resting on his elbows with his face directly above mine. He leaned down and
his lips sought mine. I wrapped my arms around his neck and we kissed
deeply as his cock throbbed inside my tight chute.

Slowly, he began to withdraw and I moaned at his attempt to leave me. I
wanted his cock inside me. I didn't want him to pull out. But he didn't go
far. He pulled back a few inches and then drove his cock back into my hole
as deeply as he could. This felt even better! He was fucking me and I was
loving every second of it!

Mark began to withdraw and push in more rapidly. He found a natural rhythm,
and I was lost in the intense feelings and emotions of being made love to
by a boy that I truly loved. He began to fuck me harder and harder. And the
harder he fucked me, the more I begged him to fuck me harder. The feelings
were beyond anything I'd ever felt before. His cock kept rubbing up against
that place inside me until I knew that I was about to cum and I hadn't even
touched my cock the whole time. I began moaning and thrashing about until
my body tensed and I came all over my stomach. More cum than I'd ever shot
before.

Feeling the tightening of my hole around his cock as I came, sent Mark over
the edge as well. He began to pound very hard into my ass and then, with
one last thrust to bury himself completely inside me, I could feel his cock
throbbing inside me as he unloaded his cum deep in my guts. He held that
position for a few more moments, and then collapsed on top of me.

I put my arms around him and held him, nuzzling my face into his sweaty
neck. I was getting intense odors of his body, my cum and my ass from our
sexual abandon. It was a heady mixture and I loved it. Mark finally raised
his head and began to kiss me, gently this time.

"I love you." he said, looking deep into my eyes. I smiled at him.

"I love you, too. That was the most wonderful thing that anyone has ever
done to me!" I said.

"Wait until you feel what it feels like to fuck me." Mark promised.

That took me aback. I hadn't thought of fucking Mark. The thought of it
hadn't entered my mind.  But once he said that, my cock got instantly
hard. Yes! That was something I wanted to do.  Mark, almost reading my
mind, grinned at the look on my face. He could feel my rampant cock poking
into his tight stomach muscles.

"And I guess you don't want to wait until later, do you?" Mark asked,
grinning at me.

"I'll wait if you want to, but no. I want to fuck you now!" I said eagerly.

Mark moved off me and lay face down on the bed and spread his legs.

"Just take it easy, ok? It's been a long time since anyone has fucked me."
Mark said to me.

"I promise. I don't want to hurt you. I love you, remember?" I said.

"Yes, I remember." he said almost with a sigh. He rested his head on his
crossed arms and I got between his legs.

I stared down at his beautiful, fourteen year old ass. I was not going to
miss out on the availability of it. I leaned down and began to lick all
over the cheeks of his butt. The skin was smooth and hairless but I could
feel the strong muscles beneath the soft skin. I moved towards his butt
crack and the ripe scent of adolescent ass hit my nose for the first time
in my life. I loved the scent instantly. It was strong, it was musky and it
was Mark. The most basic essence of this boy that I loved.

I buried my face in his ass trench, and like he had done to me, began to
take deep whiffs of the assy scent I found there. Mark reached back with
both his hands and spread his ass cheeks for me so that I could get the
full essence of his adolescent body. I pushed my nose into his ripe trench
and actually butted up against his moist hole. The scent was stronger and
darker there. I reached out my tongue and began to lick across his
hole. Mark moaned at the touch of my tongue and I was lost to the joys of
rimming. As he did me, I locked my lips around his hole and began to suck
gently on it, taking the wrinkly skin into my mouth and licking it. It
tasted tart but good to me.

I began to press my tongue against Mark's hole and it easily opened and
allowed me to enter. I licked deep within his ass. My mind evidently
blocked out the possibility of him being dirty inside.  In fact, all I
found there was the incredible softness of his body's interior. Now I knew
why he wanted so badly to fuck me! I couldn't wait to bury my hard cock in
this hot, smooth wetness inside him.

"You don't need to use your fingers. I think I can take you." Mark moaned.

I raised up and spitting on my cock as Mark had for lube, I placed the head
of my cock at his soft, wrinkly hole. I applied pressure with my hips and,
almost without realizing it, my cock buried itself in the hot, wetness
inside of him. When I came to my senses, my cock was buried completely in
Mark's ass and I was laying across his back and licking the back of his
neck. Mark was moaning and moving his ass, trying to get all of me as
deeply inside him as he could.

"God! Your ass feels so good!" I whispered in his ear.

"Not half as good as your cock does in there!" Mark replied. "Now, fuck me,
buddy. Fuck me really hard. I like it that way."

Taking him at his word, I began to shove my cock in and out of his ass as
hard as I could. And, even though I'd just cum, I knew that I would not be
able to last long at this tempo. Mark was moaning the whole time and
pushing his ass back each time I slammed into it to try and get my cock
even further up his hole. Each time my cock smashed into his ass, the head
of my cock seemed to rub up against this hard knot up inside his butt. I
pummeled his ass to the best of my ability and, to my amazement, I suddenly
felt Mark's ass grip my cock tightly and the muscles inside his butt begin
to throb. I somehow knew that Mark was cumming again. This threw me into my
own orgasm. I felt like I shot a gallon of cum up his butt, but I know it
could have only been a couple of squirts, if that, after having cum twice
already.

I collapsed on Mark's back - sweaty, exhausted, and out of breath. I buried
my face in his hair, breathing the sweaty scent of my lover. I was as happy
and contented as a male could be. For the first time, I began to understand
the wonder of being a man.

We lay there for a while and then Mark suggested that we take a shower.

"We both stink!" he exclaimed, taking a sniff of his body.

"But I love the way you smell." I argued.

"You do? Nobody's ever said that to me before." Mark said, looking at me
with questions in his eye.

"I've always loved the way you smell. That's why I always try to be close
to you." I said, hanging my head. For some reason, I suddenly felt shame
about this quirk of mine.

"I always wondered about that. I kind of thought that you did. But I
thought I was the only one who liked the way other guys smell. You know I
love the scent of your body, don't you?" Mark said, raising my chin and
staring into my eyes.

"Not until tonight. When you were sniffing my butt, I suddenly realized
that you liked my scent as much as I loved yours." I answered.

"And did you like the scent of my butt? You seemed to spend a long time
sniffing it." Mark said, grinning at me.

"Yeah! I did! I know that's probably gross, but I really loved the scent of
your butt. Is that wrong? Do you hate me for that?" I asked, almost afraid
of the answer.

"Hate you! I'll show you how much I hate you for it!"

And with that, Mark picked me up and threw me back on the bed. He got over
me so that his cock was over my face and his head was between my legs. He
raised my legs and pulled my butt back to his mouth and he began to sniff
and lick and suck at my tender, just fucked ass. I could feel him sucking
his cum out of my butt. I reached up and felt behind his balls until my
fingers could reach his moist, just fucked hole. I slid a finger inside and
Mark moaned. He dropped my legs and sat up so that his butt was over my
face. He slowly lowered it until my mouth latched onto his ass lips and I
began to suck and lick at his hole. It was still relaxed from being fucked
and I was able to shove almost my whole tongue up his butt. I did taste
some of my own cum along with the dark tartness of the inside of his ass.

"Mmm. That feels so good!" Mark murmured above me. "How the fuck could I
hate anyone who makes me feel this good!".

I continued to feast at Mark's ass for a few more minutes until he raised
up off my face. He turned around and lay down on top of me, joining out
mouths in a deep and passionate kiss. I tasted my ass on his mouth for the
first time and I loved the taste. We swapped tastes back and forth for a
while until Mark finally broke the kiss.

"We still need to take a shower. We may love the way we smell, but we smell
like sex. And we don't want everyone else to know what we've been doing."
Mark said.

I didn't care if the whole fucking world knew that I had made love to Mark,
but I began to understand that this was not something that you wanted
everyone else to know. Especially not other guys. Somewhere in the back of
my head the words "gay", "fag" and "queer" were moving around. Was what
Mark and I just did wrong? Was anything that wonderful and that loving
wrong? I was very confused. But then Mark put his arm around me and all of
my confusion disappeared. I didn't care what anyone thought of me. This was
the happiest night of my life and I loved what we had done.

We got into the shower together and Mark and I took infinite pains to wash
each other. We soaped and touched every part of each other's body. It was
like we were discovering each other all over again. When we finished, we
carefully and gently dried each other off and then walked hand-in-hand to
the bed. I curled up in Mark's arms and lay my head on his muscular
chest. I was quickly lost in deep, exhausted and contented sleep.

That's the way my Dad found us the next morning. He didn't say anything
about it. In fact, he seemed to understand. I remember he smiled at me as I
raised my head from Mark's chest to say good morning. And then he winked
and said that I seemed to have slept well. I didn't catch the double
entendre at that time. Only later, many years later, did I understand.

For the next two years, I was incredibly happy. I was deeply in love with
Mark and he seemed to be with me. That is, until just after he turned 16.

Something seemed to happen to him when he turned 16. Mark seemed to
withdraw inside himself to a place I couldn't reach him. He started having
dark moods and would disappear for days at a time. His foster parents
became very worried as well. I was beside myself. I didn't know what to
do. And there was no one I could talk to about it. At times, Mark seemed
like his old self. We would have fun spending time together and we would
make passionate love to one another. But those times became fewer and
fewer.

At first, I thought it might be what my Dad had talked to me about
once. That Mark was starting to be interested in girls. But there was no
sign of that. I did notice that he started drinking. I don't know where he
was getting the beer and booze, probably from some of his jock buddies on
the football team. Mark was playing varsity now on our high school team.

I had no real interest in sports, but I went to every game just in the hope
of getting to see Mark play. And usually, he did. Especially in the last
quarter when they would pull juniors off the bench.  One of the things that
happened during those days was that Mark spent most of his time on campus
with the other jocks and completely ignoring me. I didn't really mind. Mark
had explained time and again why it was important that no one knew about
what we really were to each other. I went along because that was what Mark
wanted. But it hurt me inside.

The worst night of my life began as one of the happiest. My parents were
going out for the evening and wouldn't be home until very late. Mark and I
were up in my room supposedly doing homework but really just sitting and
talking, just like we used to. As soon as my parents left, Mark went to his
gym bag and pulled out a bottle of champagne and several joints. I'd never
had pot before and at first it scared me. But Mark assured me that it would
make me feel wonderful and feel like making love all night long.

We drank the champagne and I got very tipsy. I did not drink like Mark did
and it didn't take much to get me drunk. Then we started smoking the
joints. It took even less to get me stoned. At one point, Mark took a big
hit off of the joint and then held my face to his and began to breath the
smoke into my mouth. I sucked in the smoke from his mouth. He said this was
called "shot- gunning" and I found it very sexy.

Before long, we were naked and making love to each other. Mark wanted me to
fuck him first and then he fucked me. We switched back and forth until we
had each cum at least four times. We lay on the bed in a sweaty, exhausted
tangle when Mark suddenly buried his face in my stomach and started to
cry. I had never seen Mark this emotional. Deep sobs wracked his body while
I tried to hold him and comfort him. I couldn't imagine what was wrong.

Finally, he stopped crying, and then he pushed me away. I couldn't
understand what was happening. Then I heard Mark say that we had to stop
doing this. That we couldn't have sex with each other anymore and, in fact,
we couldn't even see each other anymore. I was completely overwhelmed. I
wanted to cry but was too shocked to do so.

Mark started pacing the room and ranting about the fact that he didn't want
to be "queer". He wanted to fuck girls and have a normal life. He didn't
want to be a faggot and if he kept seeing me that is exactly what he would
end up being.

Then he started to cry again. I went over to him, but he pushed me away
again. This time, so hard that I fell and must have hit my head against the
edge of the desk. I passed out cold.

When I came to, Mark was gone. There was blood dripping from my head and my
parents were hovering over me. My father gathered me up in his arm and,
with my mother's help, got some shorts and a T-shirt on me and then took me
to the hospital. The blood was from a slight scalp wound but I had a
concussion and the hospital wouldn't release me until the next day.

When my parents brought me home, the Petersens were waiting for us. We all
sat down in the living room and my father started to question me.

"What happened last night? How did you hit your head?" he asked.

"It was really nothing, Dad, honest!" I said, trying to shield Mark from
any blame.

"Did Mark hit you?" he asked bluntly.

"No!" I replied angrily.

"What happened then?" he asked me again.

"Mark got very upset and I tried to comfort him. He pushed me away and I
fell. That's how it happened. It wasn't Mark's fault. He didn't mean to
hurt me!" I cried.

"When did you see Mark last?" Mr. Petersen asked me.

"I kind of passed out. When I came to, Mark was gone." I answered.

"So you never saw him again last night?" My father asked.

"NO! What's this all about? Where is Mark? Has he run away?" I asked
frantically.

The adults all looked at each other but not at me. I knew something was
horribly, terribly wrong.

"What's happened? Has something happened to Mark?" I started screaming.

My Dad came over and pulled me into his arms. He held me very tight and
began to talk to me very quietly.

"Bobby, sometimes things happen that no one can predict. Sometimes people
do things and we don't know why. There's no other way to tell you this but
straight out. Mark killed himself last night. He took Mr. Petersen's gun
and shot himself. By the time someone found him, he was dead."

I searched my father's face, praying that he was joking. Praying that this
was all some horrible, grotesque practical joke. But I knew it wasn't. I
screamed once and that is all I remember.

I woke up sometime later. I found out it was almost a day later. My Dad was
sitting by my bed watching me. I opened my eyes hoping that it had all been
a bad dream. But the look of concern on my Dad's face told me that it
wasn't. Mark was dead. Dead at his own hand. His loving me had driven him
to kill himself. I wanted to die, too! I had no reason left for living.

"I know how much you must love Mark." My Dad said. I just stared at him.

"Mark left a note for you. It was clutched in his hand when they found
him." my Dad said, handing a crumpled piece of notebook paper out to me.

I took it in my trembling hands and read it.

Dear Bobby,

I'm sorry for all those stupid things I said to you. All you have ever done
is offer me more love than anyone else ever has in my whole life. More love
than I deserve. I've tried so hard not to love you. I didn't want to be
this way, and I'm afraid that now I've made you this way as well. I can't
live with that anymore. I always thought that we'd just end up as
friends. That these feelings would just go away when we got older. But they
just keep getting stronger. One of the guys on the team saw us a month ago
out in the woods behind the school. He saw me kiss you. Now everybody on
the team knows that I'm queer. I had to quit last week because I just
couldn't take the insults anymore. I thought that would end it, but now,
other guys in school are starting to make comments as well. I'm sorry,
Bobby, I just can't live like this. I don't have any family I can turn
to. You never asked, so I never told you but my father was a drunk who used
to beat me all the time and when I was 8 he raped me. My mother was a
hooker and a drug addict who had died after I was born. I ran away after my
what my dad did to me and that's how I ended up in foster care. Maybe if I
had parents like yours, parents who loved me, I could have made it. I want
you to know that I do love you. I always have and I always will. Please
forgive me for not being stronger.

Mark

When I finished reading it, I broke down in tears. My Dad came and took me
in his arms and let me cry. I cried for a long time.

"I loved him, Daddy, I really did!" I sobbed.

"I know, son, I know." my Dad said, gently stroking my hair.

"Do you hate me for that?" I asked, afraid of the answer.

"Of course not!" My Dad said. "How could I hate you for loving
someone. Especially someone who obviously loved you very, very much."

"But it was queer!" I sobbed.

"Now stop that!" he almost yelled at me. "I don't want to ever hear that
word out of your mouth again! The only thing that made Mark kill himself
was the stupid bigottry and hatred of other people who use that word! Those
people's hate is worse than anything that you or Mark could ever have done!
If you want to use a word, use the word 'gay'. And whatever you're going to
be, be proud of yourself. Don't let other people's opinions make you so
hate yourself that what happened to Mark could happen to you!"

"No, Daddy, I would never kill myself. I couldn't do that to you or
mom. I'm sorry." I replied.

He didn't say anything else to me, just held me tighter as we sat there.

A few days later, there was a funeral for Mark. The only people that came
were the Peteresens, the other foster children, my mom and dad, Mark's
social worker and me. The state doesn't pay for funerals for foster care
kids. I found out later that my Dad had paid for it and the beautiful
casket that held Mark's lifeless body. When the funeral was over, everyone
left except my parents and me.

"We'll leave you alone for a while." my Dad said to me, taking my mother's
arm and leading her to the car.

I stood looking down at the casket, trying to picture Mark laying there but
the picture just wouldn't come to me. All I could see was the Mark I knew
and loved. The Mark who made love to me and held me and kissed me. I
finally knelt down and leaned my body over the glossy wood, hugging the
casket and started to talk to him.

"Mark, I love you, too. You know that. I always will. I will never, ever
forget you! You didn't have to do this. If you'd only told me what happened
we could have found a way to work this out. You never knew it, but my
parents would have helped. They thought of you like a son, too.  We all
loved you. I just wish it had been enough. I miss you. I always will."

I cried a few more tears and then I walked slowly back to the car.

As I sat there in bed thinking over all that had happened, I began to cry
again. To cry for Mark, a boy I loved who just couldn't bring himself to
accept who he was. And to cry for my loss of him.

Shawn must have heard me crying because the next thing I knew, he was there
with his strong arms around me, asking me what was wrong.

I looked up into his deep green eyes and saw the concern. I felt badly that
I had awakened him and caused this concern in him. I guess the time had
come to share with him this 'ghost' from my 'closet'.

"I didn't mean to wake you, love." I said. "This is nothing to do with
us. It's something that happened a long time ago. There was this beautiful
boy named Mark..." I began.


The End of Part XI

There are studies that show that up to 87% of the suicides of males between
the ages of 13 and 21 in this country are related to what psychologists
call "confusion in sexual orientation". In other words, young guys trying
to come to terms with being Gay and not being able to handle it because of
the terrible homophobia which still exists in this society. 33 years after
Stonewall, we still have Gay bashings and assaults against Gay people in
our society an in our schools. While this story of Bobby and Mark is not
true, it all too easily could be.

I hope you enjoyed at least the earlier part of the story. I know that last
part was difficult to read.  It was equally difficult to write. So much so
that I buried this chapter and never sent it to Nifty. I only realized what
I had done when I sent in Chapter XII and was notified that I had never
sent in Chapter XI. You perhaps can understand why.

I know that most of you think that writers have complete control over their
stories, and maybe some do. But I don't. It's like once I create the
characters and set the scene, they seem to take on a life of their own. I
didn't want to write something like this, but I always knew that there was
a 'dark side' to Bobby's life and I wanted to know what it was. I'm almost
sorry I did. But now I understand him better, his love for Shawn and the
fear he has of losing him. I hope you understand better as well.

Please consider making a donation to keep this site open and free. I have
received fan mail from males who are the ages of Bobby and Mark in this
story. I have been thrilled to realize that there is a place that they can
go to read about the fact that loving someone of your own sex is not wrong
and, in fact, can be quite wonderful. I think that resource is worth
keeping.

Thank you.

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sat, 29 Dec 2001 08:57:58 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: Marine Encouter X

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

Marine Encounter - Part X
by RimPig (c) 2001

I know I must have turned a deep shade of red as I lay there, covered with
my own cum and the body of a very studly Marine named Mike. There we were,
me on my back with my legs wrapped around Mike's haunches and his still
hard cock buried to the hilt in my well-used ass being grinned at by four
young, hunky Marines. Mike, on the other hand, was grinning like the cat
who swallowed the canary.

"Thank you, you mangy group of cocksuckers! At least you can recognize
superior fucking when you see it!" he said to the group of grinning
Marines.

"Yeah, yeah! Like we haven't all seen it before!" Shawn joked.

"Yeah, Dad! You seem to be slowing down. Only once??" jibed Grunt.

"I think they want to join us." Mike said, looking down into my eyes. "How
do you feel about that?"

"Well, I guess it's better to have them join in rather than just stand
there and watch." I said.

At this, all four gathered around the bed. Shawn leaned down and deeply
kissed me as Grunt climbed on the bed between his father's legs.

"Did you enjoy it, lover?" Shawn asked.

"Couldn't you tell?" I retorted.

"Not for sure, you were screaming too loud to tell!" Shawn grinned.

"This boy's got an incredible ass! No wonder you went ape-shit over him!"
Mike said to Shawn.

"Nah! I fell in love with him before I ever got near his ass." Shawn
answered. "His ass was just a bonus."

"You mean a 'boner-us', don't you!" laughed Grunt looking up from the apex
of his father's legs where he had his face buried in his father's ass.

"Oooowww, Grunt! Go back to eating my hole and leave the comedy alone!"
Mike growled, pushing his ass back as an enticement to his son.

Grunt buried his face in his father's butt again, and began making slurping
noises as he eagerly ate butt. Hank climbed on the bed and knelt by my
head, presenting me with his hard, uncut cock. I looked up at his gorgeous
body and opened my mouth for him to enter. Out of the corner of my eye, I
saw Wolf bending down behind Grunt and begin eating his ass while Grunt was
busy sucking on his Dad's hole. This looked really good to me.

"Hey, I want to eat some ass, too!" I said, pulling my mouth off of Hanks'
juicy cock.

"I think that can be arranged." Said Mike. "And who's ass would you like to
suck on?"

"Everybody's!" I said with an evil grin at Mike.

This broke everybody up with loud laughter. When we'd all calmed down, Mike
looked at me.

"Ok. We can arrange that. Grunt, get your face out of my butt and let me
get up!" Mike said to his son.

"Hey, Bobby! How about letting me suck my Dad's load out of your ass before
you eat ours?"  Grunt begged.

"Sounds good to me! Come and get it!" I said, raising my legs and letting
Mike get up off me and giving Grunt access to my well-fucked hole, dripping
with his Dad's big load.

Grunt moved forward on the bed and buried his face in my ass. I heard him
taking deep breaths, drawing in all of the smells in my butt-trench. My ass
juices, his Dad's cum and sweat.

"Mmmn! This smells really HOT!" Grunt murmured to anyone listening.

Grunt then began dragging his tongue up my butt crack from my tail bone to
my balls. He did this twice and then wrapped his lips around my loose hole
and began sucking for all he was worth! And could this kid suck ass!!! I
thought he was going to turn me inside out with his mouth! As I pushed
down, I could feel his Dad's load leaving my ass and being sucked into
Grunt's mouth.

Grunt then started digging in my hole with his tongue, trying to scoop out
any cum still left inside me. The feeling was so intense that I knew
exactly what I needed - I needed another cock up my butt and NOW!!!

"Grunt! Fuck me! PLEASE!!!" I moaned. "Shove that fucking cock of yours up
my hole!!!"

Grunt looked up from between my legs with an evil grin on his face. It
seems the young Marine had exactly those thoughts on his mind as well! In
fact, I began to figure that his expertise at butt sucking got him a lot of
asses to fuck - even holes that had never had a cock in them before.

Grunt raised up on his knees between my legs and brought his cock to my
hole. He pushed forward and easily buried his entire rod up my ass in one
shove.

"Oh, yes!! That's it Grunt. Fuck my butt! I want you to fuck my ass off! In
fact, I want all of you to fuck my ass off!!!" I said, looking around the
bed at all the horny, hunky men watching Grunt pound my ass!

"My lover has turned into a pig!!!" Shawn laughed.

"Oh, God! Shawn! Don't hate me! I can't help myself!" I pleaded.

"It's Ok, lover! I understand completely. I'm happy you're so turned on by
this! Is there anything else you want while you're at it?" Shawn asked.

"Yes, I want each of you to sit on my face while I'm getting fucked and let
me suck your sweaty holes!!!" I begged.

"We can do that!" said Hank who was still kneeling by my head.

"Yeah! Each of us will sit on Bobby's face until the guy fucking is done
and then we'll move down to fuck him and someone else will sit on his
face. We'll make his face the 'on deck circle'! Just like in baseball!"
said Mike, his command training coming to the fore and organizing things.

Hank immediately sat down on my face and I sucked at his luscious hole. It
had a tart, distinctly 'assy' taste and the scent of Hank. He rubbed his
ass up and down my face, allowing me to smell and lick his entire ass
trench.

Watching me eat Hank's ass while he fucked me, Grunt quickly reached the
point of no return and shot his young, strong load up my ass. Hank took his
place and his large, thick cock slid up my ass on Grunt's load. Wolf took
Hank's place on my face and the taste of his ass was even stronger than
Hank's had been. I was in 'Pig Heaven' - snorting, sniffing and sucking on
such masculine ass.

At the same time, Hank was pounding my ass HARD!!! Rarely had anyone fucked
me as hard as Hank was doing - but I loved every minute of it!!!  I looked
up from under Wolf's balls and saw his lover Grunt sucking on his tits
while I ate his ass. Looking at Hank, I saw that Mike and Shawn were on
either side of him, sucking both his tits at once. This was finally the
orgy that Shawn had told me these guys were so good at! And I was right in
the middle of it!!!

Hank fired his load up my ass and Wolf, already hard and ready from my ass
eating and his lover's attention to his tits, took his place and shoved his
cock into my butt as hard as he could! Wolf's fucking technique was one
that I had never experienced. He got up on his hands and power-fucked my
butt - moving his cock in and out of my ass at blinding speed!!! I moaned
into Mike's ass - who had taken Wolf's place - at the intensity of his
fucking. I was not anywhere close to cumming yet, which surprised me, but
was deeply enjoying the feeling of these cocks massaging my inner ass.

Mike's ass was also wonderfully fragrant and tasty!! I had wanted to suck
on his hole since the moment I met him and I was not disappointed!! His ass
opened easily, allowing me to shove my tongue as far up his hole as I had
tongue! I tasted the dark, tangy flavor of his inner ass and moaned at the
intensity of it.

Wolf's technique brought him to the edge rather quickly and he was soon
firing his young Marine spoonge up my very open and relaxed
shit-chute. This allowed Mike to climb down and again shove his hard cock
up my hole for the second time in less than an hour. This time, he wasn't
gentle. I felt the full power of his muscular body as he, too, pounded my
ass just like his lover, Hank, had done. They evidently both loved a hard,
pounding fuck and they were gifting me with all their talent.

This brought Shawn to my face. He kissed me deeply and began licking my
face, tasting all the ass juices of his friends with which I had been
'marked'. We shared the tastes as he brought them back to my mouth in
another deep kiss. Then he, too, stood over my head and slowly squatted
over my face, presenting his fragrant butt to my nose and lips. His scent
hit me like a punch to the guts! I knew that scent!!! It was pure
'Shawn'. The scent I loved more than any other in the entire world!

While the asses of the other four Marines I had just eaten had intensified
my lust, this scent - this ass - caused a deep stirring of my emotions. I
didn't just eat Shawn's ass - I made love to it with my lips and tongue. I
was so lost in the incredible feelings of love that were shooting through
me like lightening bolts that I almost missed Mike firing another load up
my well-fucked hole.

"Ok, kid! Let's finally see how you fuck this incredible ass you've
captured as your own!" Mike said, pulling his cock from my butt and
grinning up at Shawn.

Mike leaned over and licked some of the pre-cum that was dripping from
Shawn's cock from my ass sucking.

"Mmmm! Horny Marine cock-snot! Nothing tastier!" Mike grinned.

Finally, Shawn moved into position to fuck me. I wrapped my legs around his
haunches and he slowly drove his cock into my cum-dripping butt. No one sat
on my face this time. Shawn and I looked deeply into each other's eyes as
he bottomed out in my hole.

"Thank you, Bobby! This is the most incredible sex I've ever known! To
watch you being pleasured caused me to feel such deep love for you, I could
almost cry." Shawn murmured to me.

"Don't cry, lover. Just make love to me! Make me yours forever! I need you
so badly." I swore to him.

The other Marine/lovers watched as Shawn and I made love to each other. And
it wasn't long until the deep emotions that were going back and forth
between us seemed to infect them as well.  Before long, each pair of lovers
were making love as well! Mike was fucking Hank and Wolf was fucking
Grunt. Each of us lost in our own love with the man we had chosen for life.

Soon, Shawn reached the point of no return. I could feel his orgasm
approaching and my own grew with him. As he poured the physical expression
of his love into me, mine sprayed between our bodies without any
assistance. This triggered the other lovers and the groans of male power
filled the bedroom.

We all lay there quietly, each of us basking in the love-glow of our love
for each other. Finally, Mike spoke.

"Well, Bobby! Welcome to the family!!!"

"Thank you, Mike" I said. "I can't begin to tell you how much I love each
of you. This was the most incredible sexual experience I've had in my whole
life! It was almost perfect."

"Almost!!! What do you mean 'almost'???" Mike growled.

"Well...to make it completely perfect...." I leered over at him, " would
take all of you giving me your warm, golden piss at once."

"You little slut!" Shawn laughed. "I wondered when you'd get around to
that!"

"If it's piss you want, boy!" Mike growled at me. "Then it's piss you're
going to get!!! Come on, guys! We going to drown this pig in our piss!!!"

"Promises, promises!" I laughed at Mike as Shawn withdrew from my butt,
allowing me to get up.

We all went into the large shower and I lay down on the marble bench in the
middle of the room.  They all stood around me, allowing their cocks to
soften enough to give me the golden shower I so desperately wanted. All
that is, except Shawn. Shawn stood at the foot of the bench and bending my
legs back, placed his still hard cock back into my cum-filled ass. Mike
stood over my head with Grunt and Wolf on my left and Hank on my right.

"Ready guys?" Mike said.

They all nodded and then the piss began to flow!!! They hosed me down good!
I opened my mouth and each of them aimed for it, one at a time, so I could
taste their piss individually. Each was different but each of the streams
was sweet/salty and filled me with warmth and love. My cock began to rise
again and all four guys pointed their pissing cocks toward it and finished
pissing all over my hard cock and balls. The feeling was intense - with
their piss-streams hitting my cock and balls while I could feel the warmth
and fullness as Shawn's piss poured into my ass.

After everyone had finished, Shawn stayed with his cock plugging my cum and
piss filled ass. He looked at the other four with a 'shit-eating' grin on
his face.

"I've got a hole hear filled with my piss and all your cum. Who want's to
share it with me?" he challenged them.

"Me!!!" cried Grunt and Wolf.

"Ok, get over here and let's get to drinking!" Shawn growled at Grunt and
Wolf.

The two young Marine moved to stand on either side of Shawn.

"Ok, guys. Ready?" Shawn asked.

"Yeah!" said Grunt.

"Let 'er rip!" cried Wolf.

Shawn ripped his cock from my ass causing a gush of piss and cum to explode
from my fuck-hole.  All three hit their knees and began sucking up the flow
of piss that shot from my ass. I pushed down to make sure there was a
strong stream for them to drink from.

When all the piss and cum had been expelled, Wolf locked his lips to my
red, loose hole and sucked out whatever was left. The feeling of his
suction on my ass was incredible! Without realizing it, my cock began to
shoot another load all over my piss covered body just from his ass sucking!
While Wolf continued to suck at my hole, the rest of the guys all began to
lick the cum and piss from my body.

I lay there being pleasured by 5 Marines and drifted off to sleep in
exhaustion!

I wasn't asleep long. The others began showering and the sounds of their
jubilant horse-play woke me from my stupor. I joined Shawn under one of the
showerhead and allowed the warm water to pour over me as he gently began to
wash my body. His hands gently caressed and stroked me as I reached up and
wrapped my arms around his neck. He leaned down and kissed me deeply and I
was lost in my love for him. There was no one else in the entire universe
for a few minutes until he broke the kiss and looked deeply into my eyes.

"I love you more than I ever thought it was possible to love someone!"
Shawn pledged.

"There will never be anyone that I could ever love this much in my life as
you!" I vowed in return.

"You guys are going to drive me into a diabetic coma from all this!!!" Mike
joked, causing us all to laugh.

"We're sorry." I told him. "But we really can't help it! This whole thing
hit us so fast and so hard that we still getting used to being in love with
each other!"

"We understand!" said Hank. "My lover forgets what a sentimental slob he
was when we first got together!"

"I was NOT!" Mike yelled.

"Yes you were!" Hank growled back.

"Hey, Dad! I know you! And I know that Hank's right!" Grunt laughed and
Wolf joined him.

"Hey! What is this - fucking insubordination!!" laughed Mike.

"Nope, just setting you straight!" Hank said, pulling Mike into a bear hug.

We all finished showering and then we all went out to dinner. I took them
all to one of my favorite Italian restaurants - Bona Pizza in Wilton
Manors. It was a very 'gay-friendly' restaurant with excellent food and
moderate prices. We laughed and joke with each other all through
dinner. The warmth and comradery which was extended to me as the newest
member of the 'family' was incredible! I understood why Shawn loved these
guys and I began to understand that 'Semper Fi" was more than just a slogan
within the Corps. These guys had it. They would be always faithful to each
other as comrades, brothers and lovers. I felt overwhelmingly honored to
have been accepted into this circle.

During dinner, I finally had a chance to talk some with Hank. It seems that
he had a personal reason for wanting to visit us in Lauderdale. Hank had a
younger sister, Donna, who lived in Davie, about 30 minutes from downtown
Ft. Lauderdale. She was a social worker with the state's Department of
Children and Families - called DCF. She worked in Foster Care with kids who
were too old or too dysfunctional for adoption. It was far from a perfect
system and many of these teens were as much damaged by the foster care
system as they had been by their parents. Hank explained to me that his
sister knew all about his and Mike's relationship and accepted them
completely. In fact she told Hank that she only wished that he and Mike
lived in Florida. One reason for this was that within the foster care
system were young teens, aged 13-15, who were already self-identified as
Gay but without any role-models. Donna wished that she could find more
stable gay male couples to take on the foster care of these boys to give
them a better start in life than the system could ever give them.

The boys could never be adopted, unfortunately, because Florida, being
filled with narrow-minded Right Wing religious freaks, became the only
state in the entire USA that actually had a law on the books preventing
gays from adopting. This ban, however, did not extend to foster care and
during the early days of the AIDS epidemic, one lesbian couple fought
legally for the right to be foster care parents to a baby born HIV+. They
were successful in their fight and soon many Gay couples were following
their example. But never children who were not infected with HIV and never
older children for whom no placement could be found.

"You know how it is, Bobby." Hank said to me. "It's always the shit about
Gay guys 'attacking' children! What bullshit!!! Donna tells me that most of
the molestation that the state runs into in their foster care homes is
seemingly heterosexual males attacking both males and females! But we're
the 'child molesters'!!"

I could see the anger in Hanks eyes at the thought of this injustice. I too
felt the stab of anger.  What a wonderful idea it would be for gay teens to
be placed in homes of Gay couples to learn to value themselves and learn
about the gay world without ending up out on the streets!

"Hell, me and Mike are talking about possibly doing it when we get
home. Now that Grunt's grown, in the Corps and has Wolf, we kind of miss
not having a young one around the house!"  Hank laughed.

I joined Hank in the laughter, but all through the rest of the dinner and
even when we got home, I couldn't get the thought of those boys living in
state facilities with no one affirming them as people or as gay males. They
would grow up hating themselves the way Shawn and I had.  And the thought
that Shawn and I could do something to change that for one of these boys
just wouldn't get out of my head!

No matter what objections I reasonably made to myself, I kept coming back
to the same thing.  There was a boy, somewhere out there who needed our
love. And we had so much to give! And not just love, but material and
educational advantages as well.

That night, as we lay in each other's arms, I was still lost in thought
about it.

"Hey, earth calling Bobby!" Shawn whispered in my ear.

"Oh...I'm sorry, love." I apologized. "I just can't get the conversation
that Hank and I had at dinner out of my mind!"

"What about?" Shawn asked.

"Hank was telling me about his sister who lives here and her work with
foster care children." I explained.

"That's really cool. Somebody needs to do something to help those kids."
Shawn stated.

"Funny you should say that!" I said, turning in Shawn's arms to face
him. "Shawn, my dearest love, I think we need to talk!"



End of Part X

Please write with any comments to rimpigfl@yahoo.com

If you liked the story, please think about making a contribution to
NIFTY.ORG to keep this site free!

Thanks!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2001 22:09:47 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: Marine Encounter - Part IX

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

SPECIAL NOTE: A lot of you have written to ask if the Marine I mention
above is my lover. I do not have a lover (not that I don't want one!). The
Marine that this is dedicated to is exactly what I have described - a
friend. If you have read my stories on this website, you know that being a
friend is, to me, far more important that being a lover.

Marine Encounter - Part IX by RimPig (c) 2001

"Ladies and Gentlemen, you will notice the captain has turned off the seat
belt sign. You may now move around the cabin. We do suggest for your safety
that while you remain in your seat, you keep your seat belt securely
fastened."

We were on our way home to Fort Lauderdale. Shawn and I had stayed in New
York for 2 more days, spending time with Tim and Brad and also spending
time sightseeing, just like a honeymoon.  We were definitely acting like
two people in love.

Tim and I had a chance to get to know each other. At first, I have to
admit, I was a little concerned about how he would react to me. After all,
I had become Shawn's lover - something that he had wanted for himself at
one time. But Tim was deeply and completely in love with Brad.  In fact, he
surprised me by telling me that, in some ways, he was grateful for what
Shawn had done. He seems to feel that without that impetus, he would never
have come to New York, never met Brad and never found the love he was
really looking for.

I was very happy for him, but I was deeply concerned at well. His physical
condition was not good. Brad told us that the doctors told him to take
things one day at a time. I was able to talk Brad into bringing Tim to
Lauderdale in about four weeks. I still feel that the warmth and the ocean
breeze can do wonders for someone's health.

But we had to get back home because Shawn's friend, Mike, from San Diego
was coming with his car and his belongings. I had also talked to an
architect/designer who I knew in Lauderdale to do some re-modeling and
re-arranging of the penthouse to give Shawn his own private area within the
apartment. He would have drawings and floor plans waiting for us when we
got back. I felt that giving Shawn his own space in our home was
important. First of all, no matter how much two people love each other,
they need space from each other at times. Secondly, if he was really going
back to school, he would need a place to study. I was somewhat taken aback
when I told Shawn about the plans. He turned and walked away. I wondered
what was going on! I was afraid that for some reason he was angry. But
instead, I found him in the bedroom, looking out at Central Park with tears
rolling down his cheeks.

"What's the matter, lover?" I asked. "I thought you'd be pleased by all
this?"

He turned to me and pulled me into his arms. He hugged me tightly and
rested his head on my shoulder. I could feel him shaking with sobs. When he
calmed down, he finally began to speak.

"When I was little," he quietly said with his head still resting on my
shoulder, "I always had to share a room with my brothers. I always wanted a
room of my own. Someplace that I could just be alone and do what I
wanted. There is never anyplace like that in the Corps. And when I met you,
I figured that being together meant that I would never have my dream. I
don't know how you knew, but I'm more grateful than I can ever tell you. I
can't believe you would be so giving as to change your whole home to give
that to me!"

"First of all," I said, making him look at me. "I'm only going to repeat
this one more time. It is OUR home. Secondly, what makes you think I did
this for you, anyway? Maybe I did it because I wanted to get rid of you
sometimes."

Shawn looked at me like I had hit him. That is until I started to smile.

"Gotcha!" I cried.

Shawn got this sheepish look on his face and even managed to smile.

"Look, soldier, everybody needs some space of their own, someplace where
they can just kick back and be alone with their own thoughts. Trust me, I
need it as well. I already have a study where I can go. I want you to have
the same opportunity. And I want it because, in the end, it is good for
both of us. I don't want us to end up bickering with each other because we
just get sick and tired of being around each other all the time. This
doesn't mean I don't love and adore you, but eventually we're going to want
time to ourselves. I'm glad this has made you happy because I love making
you happy but I basically did it for both of us. Ok?"

"Ok. But I still am very grateful to you." he said.

"Well, I can think of several ways for you to show that gratitude" I said,
slipping my hand under his T-shirt and running it up his muscular side.

Sitting now in the wide seat the plane's first class, I started to get
uncomfortable as the crotch of my tight jeans tightened against the bulge
that was growing there remembering that afternoon on the Plaza's king-sized
bed. Shawn looked over and noticed my predicament. He started to quietly
laugh.

"So what's got you so worked up? Cruising one of the cabin attendants?" he
laughed.

"And if I was, just exactly what would you do about it?" I spit back, in
embarrassment.

"Well..." Shawn said calmly, "I'd talk to him and see if he was interested
in a 3-way."

"You would WHAT!?" I exclaimed.

"You heard me." he said, smiling like the cat who swallowed the canary.

"I think we'd better discuss this but I don't think 36,000 feet is exactly
the right place to do that."  I said.

"Why not? I don't see that there's much to discuss." he replied.

"You don't?" I asked.

"No, I don't. Look I love you. You should know that by now. And I know you
love me. Nothing and nobody is going to change the way I feel about
you. Can you say the same thing?" he confronted me.

"Of course I can! Nothing can change the fact that I love you!" I swore.

"So if that's true, then let's look at something else. We're both males,
right?"

"Of course we are." I replied.

"And males tend to like sex - a lot! Right?"

"Well...yes..." I thought I knew where he was going with this.

"And sex doesn't mean a thing to guys. We have it, shake hands and that's
that." he explained.

"Well, not always. That's not the way we have sex." I replied.

"We don't have sex, babe. Since that first night, we've always made
love. With the way we feel about each other we can't just have sex with
each other. And I hope we never can." he said, leaning down and taking my
hand in his, kissed it.

I could feel my face get hot as I blushed at his romantic gesture. Then I
remembered what we were talking about.

"But you're talking about us being unfaithful to each other!" I said.

"Am I? What makes you think that? Maybe that's the problem. What's your
definition of being unfaithful?" he paused for a moment. " Before you
answer, let me give you mine. To be unfaithful means that I would stop
loving you, stop caring about you, stop putting your welfare and feelings
first. But that has nothing to do with having sex! We're guys. You aren't
going out and come home pregnant with another guy's baby for me to
raise. At least I hope you aren't!" he said, joking.

"No, nothing like that is going to happen." I laughed.

"But more importantly, I don't think you're going to go out and look for
someone else to love - another lover." he said quietly. "And you've got to
know that I wouldn't either."

"Yes, I know that." I said, smiling at him.

"So why do we have to play by the rules that straight society makes for
themselves? You may not have thought I heard what you said the other night,
but I did. And I've thought about it. We aren't 'married', and maybe we
don't want to be. Oh, I'm not talking about the legal rights that we're
being denied. I'm talking about not basing our relationship on their
rules. If we want to have sex with a hot guy, why not? If we want to do
that together? Why not? I'm not so sure it wouldn't be really hot to get to
watch you getting off with another hot guy." he said.

"In principal, I agree with you. I don't know how I feel about it. I agree
that it would be hot. And it would be a real trip to have sex with you
there as well. I have to admit, deep down inside of me is this fear that
the reason you've brought this all up is that I don't satisfy you." I said.

Shawn started to protest. I held up my hand to stop him.

"No, I know that's not true. I know that it's just my own self-doubt that's
coming up. I'm willing to try this if you want to." I said.

"No, it has to be both of us wanting to. And until it is, it won't work. I
don't want you to do it for me! I want you to do it because YOU want to do
it." Shawn said.

"Ok. That's real. I agree. But I have one question, is there some reason
you've brought this up?  Are you attracted to one of the flight
attendants?" I asked.

Shawn laughed.

"No! There's nobody on this plane that could attract me more than the guy
sitting next to me.  But, you see, my friend Mike and his lover Hank have
an open relationship. And I've had sex with them a number of times. And I
figure that while they're here, they're going to be attracted to you and
want to have sex with us. I'm not saying you have to. But I want you to
think about it. Ok?"

"Well, sure. After all, they are friends of yours. That makes a
difference. And they're a couple, that makes a difference as well. Are they
both Marines?" I asked.

"Yes, they're both Marines." he smiled.

"Well, you know I just can't resist a Marine!" I grinned.

We didn't talk anymore about this on the plane. But we did at home. And the
more we discussed it, the more comfortable I became with it. I had to be
honest with myself. I loved Shawn and he truly turned me on, but he wasn't
the only guy who was attractive to me. Just as I was sure that Shawn found
other guys attractive as well. After all, as the old saying goes, we were
'married' not dead!

I'm certainly glad we did do all that talking and I did all that thinking
because in a few days, Shawn's friends from California arrived and I was
completely blown away!

It seems that originally Mike and his lover Hank were supposed to drive a
truck with Shawn's belongings in it and his car across country. But neither
liked the idea of spending all those days alone driving. So they also
brought Mike's son, Grunt, and Grunt's lover, Wolf, along so that each
vehicle had two riders so no one was driving alone. And these four Marines
were some of the most incredible specimens of male beauty that the Marine
Corps had to offer!

I wasn't exactly sure at first what was going on with these four guys. I
knew that Mike was Grunt's father, that Hank was Mike's lover and Wolf was
Grunt's lover. But there was something about the way that the four of them
interacted ...I could swear that the pairings were arbitrary and that any
one of them could be the lover of any of the others - including Mike and
Grunt who were father and son. But I thought that perhaps I was just not
used to being around so many Marines at once and was just enthralled with
all the maleness which surrounded me.

They were all incredibly happy that Shawn had found someone. Each of them
came to me separately and told me what a great guy Shawn is and how much he
deserved someone. And they took special pains to let me know they
considered me extremely attractive and certainly good enough for their
friend. After about three hours, my head was spinning! I was not used to
being flirted with by four gorgeous Marines! I finally was able to pull
Shawn aside to discuss his friends.

"Shawn, I don't know exactly how to deal with this situation. I must be
wrong but it feels like I'm being propositioned by all four of them!" I
said.

"Well..." Shawn laughed. "I don't know how to break this to you babe, but
you are."

"What!!!" I exclaimed.

"Yeah!" He was almost convulsed by laughter by this point. "You see, they
like to have orgies.  They throw the best sex parties I've ever been to in
my life. So, I can see where they'd love to get you in bed. Probably with
all four of them at once!"

"But....but...what about Mike and Grunt! They're....they're...." I couldn't
get the words out.

"They're father and son. Yes, that's true. And they've been having sex
since Grunt moved in with Mike and Hank after his mother re-married. I've
talked to Grunt about it. As he tells it, he was the one who propositioned
Mike. Seems he'd been in love with his Dad since he was a little kid. Of
course, by the time it happened, Grunt and Wolf were already lovers. In
fact, Wolf had already had sex with Mike and Hank before he ever met Grunt!
There are no 'rules' in their house about sex. It's pretty much
open. Whoever wants to have sex just goes for it. No jealousy, no problems.
I've never seen so much love between guys in my life. It is really
beautiful."

"Well, I know we talked about having a three way, but I don't know if I'm
ready for a SIX-way!"  I told him.

"You don't have to. You can do whatever feels comfortable for you. Tell me
the truth, if you could have any one of them - just to yourself for a
couple of hours - who would it be?" he stared into my eyes.

I felt the heat on my cheeks as I'm sure I blushed a bright fire-engine
red.

"Well..." I hesitated. "I...uh...guess it would be Mike."

"Now, that wasn't so hard was it? I kinda figured that Mike would be the
one who would trip your trigger." He chuckled.

"Now, the truth is, I would be incredibly happy to have sex with any one of
them! Wolf also turns me on. And Grunt is so goddamn cute. And Hank, well
Hank is just so nice and has the most beautiful body! It's next to
impossible to make a choice!" I noticed I was almost whining by the end of
this remark.

"Well, you don't have to make a choice, you know. You could have all four
of them at once!  Believe me, they'd like nothing more!" he smiled at the
look of frustration on my face.

"Look...there's something you should know about me. I know that I'm pretty
kinky and you might think I've got all this sexual experience to draw
on. But the fact is...." I hesitated, not wanting to admit the truth. "The
fact is, I've never had sex with more than one guy at a time. I'm never
done a three way. I've never been to an orgy. I wouldn't know HOW to have
sex with four other guys! I wouldn't know what to do!" I confessed.

"Oh...that's the problem!" Shawn exclaimed. "Well, babe that's easy! You
just do what you feel like doing. You don't have to try and have sex with
all four guys at once. You just let them lead you. Trust me, I was scared
the first time, too. But they just let me get used to things and I found
myself having the time of my life with them. Believe me, you'll feel the
same way." he assured me.

"Ok, Shawn. I trust you. I'll give it a try. But I'm still a little
scared." I buried my face in his chest.

Putting his arm around me, he rested his chin on my head and he held me
tight to him.

"I understand, babe. But you'll only be scared the first time. After that,
you'll look forward to it."  he promised.

Shawn went back out to the terrace where they were all sitting around,
drinking beer, looking out at the ocean and getting some sun. I lay down
across the bed, hoping to catch a quick nap, figuring that it might be a
very long night. And I wanted to give Shawn time to spend with his friends
catching up on things without me being around.

I was laying across the bed wearing only a small pair of cut-off jeans. I
was almost asleep when I felt someone get into the bed behind me, move
close and begin stroking his hand down my back and over my jean-covered
butt. At first I thought at first it was Shawn, but it didn't feel like his
hand and, whoever it was, he didn't have Shawn's 'scent'. His scent was
nice - very strong and masculine. It instantly started my cock to grow, but
then it got through my fuzzy brain - this wasn't Shawn! I was in bed with
another man and that man was stroking my body and I was loving it!

I turned over and found myself looking into a pair of incredibly deep blue
eyes. Mike! I didn't know what to say, what to do! But I didn't need to. He
reached over and put his arm around me, drawing me closer. He leaned down
and his mouth took possession of mine. I felt his tongue push against my
lips and I opened to him. I couldn't believe the depth his tongue reached
or how on fire it made me feel. My cock was instantly hard and my butt
itched to feel his cock invading me. I couldn't believe my reaction to this
gorgeous hunk of a Marine. It was almost like my sudden, deep attraction to
Shawn - except it was different. While I'd already decided that I liked
Mike as a person, I wasn't in love with him. I was definitely 'in lust'
but, when I checked my emotions, I knew that my love for Shawn had not
changed. He was still in complete control of my heart. But I also felt
something else. I knew, without doubt, that Shawn was going to be very
happy that I was going to make his friend very satisfied sexually because I
was going to fuck Mike's brains out or die trying!

Mike finally broke our kiss and slid his mouth down to my neck, licking and
lightly biting me with his teeth. He then moved up to my ear and began to
swab it out with his tongue, breathing his warm breath into it as
well. Finally, he spoke in his deep, quiet voice.

"Is this Ok with you?" he asked.

"Oh, Yes!" I said. "It is VERY Ok with me!"

"Shawn told me it would be. But I wanted to make sure you were
comfortable." he said, looking deep into my eyes.

"Ahh! So my wonderful love is now arranging liaisons for me, huh?" I
smiled.

"Oh, no!" Mike said, "I told him how much I wanted you. He told me that you
told him you felt the same way."

"Well...That's true. I guess I wanted you the minute I met you. Don't get
me wrong. I'm deeply in love with Shawn! Nothing will change that." I
vowed.

"You wouldn't be in my arms if I didn't believe that! First of all, I love
Shawn and would never do anything that could hurt him. Secondly, I deeply
love Hank. We've been together for a long time. Nothing is ever going to
change that. And, trust me, everybody out there knows what's going on in
here. This is all open and above board. I want you. You obviously want me"
he said, rubbing my hard cock behind my tight jeans. "If you're at all
uncomfortable, we don't have to go any further."

"The only thing making me uncomfortable is these damn shorts!" I said.

"Well, I can fix that!" he smiled.

Mike began running his wet tongue down my body, stopping to briefly circle
one of my nipples and to outline my abdominal muscles. He then attacked my
cut-offs with his mouth. He undid the top button and then grabbed the tab
of the zipper in his teeth, pulling it down. The pressure of my erect cock
pushed open and spread the fly of my cut-offs as the zipper opened. Mike
buried his nose in my pubic hair and I could hear him taking deep breaths
of my scent as his hands pulled my shorts down and off my body. He then
began to lick the creases between my balls and my thighs, again deeply
breathing my scent.

I reached down and pulled him up my body again until he was lying on top of
me. I reached behind him and began stroking his bare back down to his jeans
and on to his tight, firm bubble- butt. I squeezed it through his jeans and
finally slid my hands down inside them to feel the warmth of his
butt-cheeks against my hands. He pushed the very packed crotch of his jeans
against my groin, grinding his denim covered cock into mine.

"Those pants have got to come off, Marine!" I said.

He hopped up on his knees over me and smiled down at me.

"You want them off, you take them off!" he grinned.

I raised up, grabbing his thighs with my hands. I pushed my face into the
crotch of his jeans and sniffed deeply. I could smell his crotch musk
through the fabric and the faint smell of piss from the jeans themselves. I
locked my mouth around his hard cock, taking his denim-covered hardon into
my mouth, getting his jeans wet with my tongue. At the same time, I moved
my hands to the top button and popped it open. Grabbing the two sides of
the material, I pulled open the fly, popping each button As his pubic hair
began to appear, I buried my nose in it.

I continued pushing his jeans down until they were bunched at his knees. He
quickly spun off the bed, tore the jeans off and was back on top of me, as
naked as I was in a move I almost didn't even see, he was so fast.

"That's quite a trick, Marine!" I exclaimed. "Do they teach you that in the
Corps?"

"Well, kind of." Mike grinned at me. "They do teach us to stay on-task and
not waste time."

As if to demonstrate this ideal, he pushed me back on the bed, pushed my
legs above my head and has his lips locked to my butt just as quickly. I
could feel his tongue digging deep into my hole, making me wet and sloppy
for what I knew was coming next. His cock was heading for my guts and my
guts were writhing in anticipation of the assault! But before heading
there, Mike let my legs drop and took my cock all the way down his
throat. It was so tight and hot! If he kept this up for very long, I would
cum without him having gotten inside me. But he was too good to let that
happen.

Instead he made another lightening move and I found my face covered with
his fragrant ass. I only had to lift my head a few inches and my nose was
buried in his ripe ass trench. His ripeness and scent were overwhelming. I
groaned in hunger and buried my face in his butt and began to lick up and
down his trench while circling his hole which seemed to hungrily snatch at
my tongue. Finally, I locked my lips to his twitching butthole and began
sucking on it while shoving my tongue as deep in his ass as I could get
it. I moaned into his ass as the tart taste of the inner reaches of his
hole filled my mouth.

As I continued to feast at his hole, he leaned down and again gathered my
cock into the warm moistness of his mouth. I quickly achieved a rhythm of
stabbing his ass hole with my tongue and his throat with my cock which
threatened to again have me spewing my load without his cock being up my
ass where I wanted it. But Mike was too sophisticated to allow this and
again, with a quick movement, I found myself facing him with his tongue
buried in my mouth tasting his own ass and his quivering cock poised at the
entrance to my body.

I raised my legs slightly, trying to force his cock into my hole. I needn't
have bothered, with a mighty snap of his hips, his cock was buried to his
pubic hairs in my hole and the fullness of it had me purring like a
cat. With his forceful entry, I didn't expect a gentle fuck, but that is
exactly what Mike started giving me, his cock slowly pulling out until I
could feel just the tip inside my hole and then another slow push forward,
burying it completely. I was moaning and carrying on so that everyone in
the house could hear me, but I didn't care! I wanted his cock to drive into
me and never leave.

Mike knew better what I wanted than I did. He quickly began to pick up the
pace of his fucking, driving his cock deeper and harder in my ass. My moans
began to raise in volume as I quickly reached the point of no return. I
looked up and saw Mike grinning down at me as his cock drove me crazy! That
was all it took! I felt my body letting go and I began to shoot cum all
over both of us.

This is all that it took for Mike as well. I no more stopped shooting and I
felt Mike's cock quivering in my ass, shooting his load deep into my
guts. Mike's moans equaled mine until he finally collapsed on top of me.

Suddenly, we both heard applause and cheers and as we looked up, there
stood Shawn, Grunt, Wolf and Hank standing in the doorway giving us a
standing ovation!



End of Part IX

I want to apologize to all of you who waited so long for this part to be
completed. An explanation is needed here, I feel. Some of you already know,
but in the middle of writing this my efforts (not to mention my life) was
interrupted by quadruple by-pass surgery from which I am now recovering
quite nicely. I won't have to go back to work until the beginning of the
new year, so I should have plenty of time to write. Which is a good thing,
because this story is not over! We still have a ways to go.

If you liked the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com Please always
include the name of the story you're writing about. I have a number of
stories on Nifty and I can't always tell which one got you off!

And, please, if you liked the story (or any other story on the site) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it free.

Thanks!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Sat, 10 Nov 2001 23:47:15 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: Marine Encounter - Part VIII

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

SPECIAL NOTE: A lot of you have written to ask if the Marine I mention
above is my lover. I do not have a lover (not that I don't want one!). The
Marine that this is dedicated to is exactly what I have described - a
friend. If you have read my stories on this website, you know that being a
friend is, to me, far more important that being a lover.

Marine Encounter - Part VIII
by RimPig (c) 2001

Tim sat on his bed in the hospice room waiting for Brad to arrive. 'Brad'
he thought to himself, 'what would I ever have done without this wonderful
man? How would I have survived this long?'. He and Brad had been together
for 2 years now. Two years of heaven and hell. Two years of love and
medicine, good days and bad days, close encounters with death. This was the
second time that Tim had been in this hospice and it was the second time he
was going home. Home to the apartment where he and Brad shared whatever
happiness they could find in life.

He sat remembering how he and Brad had met. Both were volunteers at Gay
Men's Health Crisis and had met while in volunteer training. They seemed to
be instantly drawn to each other. The first day of training they had dinner
together and ended up at Brad's apartment, now theirs. It had been awkward
at first. Brad was HIV- and Tim had difficulty with that at first. He was
so afraid of passing the virus to him. Brad had been so gentle and
understanding. He'd talked to Tim for a long time that night, helping Tim
to realize that with simple precautions, there was no danger of Tim
infecting Brad. They had very slowly and gently made love that night, and
many nights afterward. Soon, having spent most of their time together, they
decided it was foolish to continue to have two apartments and decided that
since Brad had the biggest apartment and it was rent- controlled (Brad
having inherited it from his parents) that they would live there.

But there were problems almost from the beginning. Tim had gone through a
series of medical setbacks, not the least of which was that he had been
resistant to almost all the HIV medications that were supposed to keep the
virus at bay. He had started getting sicker and finally ended up in the
hospital last year with a bout of PCP (pneumocystis carinii pneumonia) and
the doctor's had almost given up on him. But Brad stayed by his bed-side
night and day and confronted the doctor's decisions that Tim was
terminal. They finally put Tim on a new, potent antibiotic which finally
brought him out of the pneumonia but left him so weak and his immune system
so depleted that he was sent to the hospice because he wasn't expected to
survive.

But the doctors hadn't figured on Brad. He spent every day with Tim and
brought him special vitamins and nutritional supplements. Within a month,
Tim was able to go home, seemingly stronger and healthier than he had been
before the pneumonia. They had resumed their life together and Brad had
been able to return to his job as an attorney with a public interest law
firm.  Everything had gone back to normal until six months ago. Tim had
been diagnosed with lymphoma. The doctor's tried chemo-therapy but it
seemed ineffective. Tim went downhill rapidly and again the doctor's
considered him terminal and moved him back to the hospice. And again, Brad
came to the rescue. He contacted an old college friend who works with the
National Institute of Health who told Brad about the work that was being
done with IL-2 and Brad had arranged for Tim to begin treatments. The drug
worked like a miracle and now, after only one month, Tim was well enough to
go home.

As he was sitting there thinking, one of the hospice nurses came in the
room.

"Tim, there's someone here wanting to see you." he said.

"You mean Brad's here?" Tim asked.

"No, not your friend Brad. This guy says his name is Shawn Reilly and that
he knew you in high school." the nurse replied.

Tim could not have been more shocked unless the nurse had just informed him
that he'd been cured from AIDS! Shawn! It couldn't be! Not after all
these... what was it? 11 years since Shawn had ruined Tim's life in their
high school? What would he be doing here? Now? And did Tim really want to
know?

He'd long ago forgiven Shawn for what he done. In some ways he'd made Tim's
life easier. It had forced him to leave small-town Ohio. He'd come to New
York and found himself. He'd lived among other Gay men who had taught Tim
how to be proud of his life and his love and give up the shame and guilt
he'd been raised with.

He'd also come to realize that it was Shawn who's life would be hell -
always knowing what he really wanted and not being able to admit to himself
what he really was - Gay. Tim had come to actually feel sorry for
Shawn. He'd loved Shawn once and it hurt to realize what Shawn's life had
probably become.

But what was he doing here? Now? There was, Tim figured, only one way to
find out.

"Well, let him come in, please." Tim told the nurse.

A few minutes later Shawn appeared at the door. He'd chosen to wear his
Marine fatigues for the visit. He felt that his uniform would explain some
about what his life had been like in the intervening years.

"Hello, Tim" he said, standing in the doorway.

"Hello, Shawn." Tim answered. "It's been a long time."

"Yes, it has. Over 11 years." Shawn replied. "Can I come in?"

"Sure." said Tim. "Have a seat."

Shawn walked into the room and took a seat in a chair near Tim's bed. This
was the most difficult thing he'd ever done and he could feel the sweat
dripping from his armpits. He was scared - a feeling he wasn't used to.

"So why did you come here after all these years?" Tim asked, putting things
right out front.

"Because I did something really horrible to you and I wanted to apologize."
Shawn stated bluntly.

Tim sat silently for a few minutes.

"Do you think an apology will make up for what you did?" Tim said
pointedly.

Shawn was taken aback by Tim's words.

"No! I don't." he said. "I don't think I can ever make up to you for what I
did. I just wanted to tell you I was sorry. I'm not asking you to forgive
me. I just wanted you to know how much I've thought about what happened all
these years and what a bastard I was."

"Yes, you were certainly that. Did you realize that I loved you?" Tim
asked.

"Yes. I knew it. I didn't know what to do with that! I was attracted to
you, but I didn't feel the same way. I didn't want to be gay and I hated
you for making me see that I was." Shawn admitted.

"And now?" Tim asked.

"Now? I don't hate you, if that's what you mean. I know we probably can
never be friends, but I do care about what happens to you. And I am truly
sorry for what I did to you." Shawn said.

"No, what I meant was, have you come to terms with yourself. I see you're a
Marine. Isn't it dangerous to have anything to do with me? Someone will
report you and you'll be thrown out for being gay." Tim said.

"I'm out of the Corps in about 2 weeks. I don't think I have to worry about
it." Shawn chuckled to himself.

"So, did you marry Cheryl?" Tim asked.

"No. I kind of left her at the altar. I finally realized that I couldn't go
on hiding what I was. I knew what I wanted was to love another guy the way
you had loved me. I wanted you to know that to. You did finally change my
life. And I'm grateful to you for showing me what I could have if I just
quit kidding myself." Shawn stated.

Tim was silent again. Shawn didn't know what to do or say. He'd said what
he came to say. He thought maybe he should leave. It was obvious that this
was painful for both of them and Shawn didn't want to cause Tim anymore
pain.

But as he got up to leave, Tim looked up.

"Where are you going?" he asked.

"I just figured that maybe this was too painful for both of us and I don't
want to hurt you anymore than I already have." Shawn said.

"Shawn, you can't hurt me anymore. You don't have that power. I have
someone who truly loves me, has stood by me and is still here. I haven't
seen you in 11 years." Tim said.

"I know, Tim, but..." Shawn tried to say.

"No! Don't say anything!" Tim interrupted. "It's my turn to talk."

"Ok." Shawn said, putting his head down.

"I hated you, as much as I had once loved you. It took me a long time to
get over that! I finally realized that what you had done, you did because
you were scared. Things just happened too fast for you to deal with. I
should have realized that and not pushed it. But I was young. You were the
first guy I'd ever fallen in love with. I forgave you a long time ago. In
fact, I was always concerned about how you turned out. I didn't know if you
could ever come to terms with yourself. But you seem to have. I don't know
how, but I'm glad for you that you were able to. As far as us being
friends, there's no reason we can't be, Shawn. I don't hate you. What
happened between us is in the past. I've moved on. I hope you will to." Tim
said.

It was Shawn turn for silence. He didn't know what to say. The fact that
Tim didn't hate him and had forgiven him was more than he'd hoped for, but
to also offer friendship again was a dream come true for Shawn. When he
finally looked up, Tim could see tears streaming down his face.

"Thank you, Tim. You can't know how much that means to me. I would be proud
to be your friend again." Shawn said through his tears.

Tim stood up. He moved towards Shawn slowly and carefully, still weak from
all the chemo.  Shawn stood up at his approach and when Tim reached out his
arms to him, gently took Tim into his embrace. As they hugged, tears flowed
freely from both of them.

It was at that moment that both Brad and Bobby came to the doorway. Brad
had met Bobby in the hall outside Tim's room. Bobby had explained who he
was and what he and Shawn were doing there. Brad at first was concerned as
he knew from Tim about Shawn and what had happened all those years
before. But Bobby told him that there had been no raised voices and so he
thought that things were going all right between the two men. At that, Brad
approached Tim's door with Bobby at his heals only to see Shawn and Tim
embracing and both crying.

"Well, I guess I was worried for nothing." Brad said to Bobby, but loud
enough for Tim and Shawn to hear him.

Shawn and Tim looked over at their lovers standing in the door, looked back
at each other and started to laugh and hug all over again. Finally they
broke apart.

"Shawn, this is my lover Brad." Tim introduced them.

Shaw looked over at the tall young man standing next to Bobby. He was very
attractive, with auburn hair and green eyes like his own. Shawn walked over
and shook hands with him. The grip was strong and masculine.

"I'm very glad to meet you." Shawn said.

"And I'm glad to finally meet you. Though I thought when I did I would
probably slug you, not shake hands. I'm glad I don't have to. I don't think
I'd want to have to handle a Marine." Brad smiled.

"I'll let you take a swing at me, it would make you feel better." Shawn
said with great seriousness.

"There will be no male bonding in my room!" Tim stated emphatically.

"I don't need to. If you and Tim have made up, I'm very happy. You were
very important to each other at one time. I'm glad you've been able to find
each other again." Brad said.

"Thanks. I'm very glad, too." Shawn said.

"Well, since nobody here seems to have any manners, let me introduce
myself. I'm Tim." he said, speaking to Bobby.

"Oh, God! I'm sorry." Shawn said. "Tim, let me introduce my lover,
Bobby. You wondered who helped me come to terms with myself, this is man."

Bobby stepped forward and gently took Tim's hand.

"I'm so happy to finally meet you." Bobby said.

"It's thanks to Bobby that we're here at all. I had told him the whole
story about you and me and told him how I'd tried without success to find
you. He was able to find you and told me about your condition. He arranged
for us to come here immediately." Shawn said.

"Well, I don't know how you did it, but your information seems to be a
trifle out of date." Tim said. "The reason that Brad's here is to take me
home. The chemo has started working and I'm free of the lymphoma. It seems
I'm not going to die anytime soon." Tim smiled.

"Well, that's the best news of all!" Bobby said.

"Look, guys, I really want to blow this pop-cycle stand!" said Tim. "But I
really want to continue to talk. Why don't you come back with us to our
place?"

"We'd love to." said Shawn, looking to Bobby for his feelings.

"Yes," said Bobby, "We'd like that a lot."

"Well, we'd best get a move on. I've got the car waiting downstairs." Brad
said. "Do you have all your stuff?" he asked Tim.

"Well you took most of it home last night. I've just got this one bag." Tim
said.

Brad grabbed the bag, but found it awkward to handle it and help Tim,
too. Shawn immediately stepped forward and took the bag from Brad so that
he could help Tim. Brad and Shawn smiled at each other and Bobby could see
Tim smiling at the two men who meant so much in his life. A warm feeling
went through him, knowing that he had been able to give this gift to his
warrior/lover.

Brad drove them to a pre-war building on the upper east side. They went up
to Tim and Brad's apartment which turned out to be a beautiful two-bedroom
apartment with a wood burning fireplace and a terrace overlooking the city.

"What a beautiful place!" Bobby exclaimed.

"Thank you!" said Tim. "It was Brad's parent's place. He inherited it when
they passed away a few years ago, just before we met. We only pay $400 a
month for it because it's rent-controlled."

"You're kidding!" said Bobby.

"Nope, it's how we make it with all my medical costs. Brad has dedicated
himself to caring for me. I find it hard sometimes to realize how much he
loves me." Tim said.

"I know exactly how you feel." said Shawn, coming up behind Bobby and
putting his arms around his lover.

"Why don't you guys go sit down in the living room. I'm going to go make
some tea. We also have coffee if you'd rather, but Tim and I switched to
tea because it is healthier. It contains anti- oxidants and other important
benefits."

"Oh God! Don't get him started! He's such a health-nut because of me!" Tim
laughed.

"Well, tea would be just wonderful, thank you." Bobby said.

"Yes, fine for me." said Shawn.

The four men talked for several hours until Tim became tired and needed to
rest. Brad helped his lover to the bedroom and then returned to Shawn and
Bobby.

"I can't tell you how much you've done for him today." Brad said. "I'm so
grateful to you, Shawn. I haven't seen him this happy in a long
time. Having you back in his life, even for a day, had done him a world of
good."

"It isn't for just a day, I promise you!" Shawn said.

"Exactly!" Bobby said. "We value your friendship as well. We haven't been
together long and you and Tim are actually the first gay couple we've known
as a couple. We want to stay in contact.  Why don't you and Tim come for
dinner tomorrow night at the Plaza, where we're staying so we can talk some
more?"

"I would love to and I'm sure Tim would love it, too. I don't think he's
ever been to the Plaza and we haven't been able to afford a place like that
in a long time."

"Well, it's done then! You both come to our suite tomorrow night at seven."
Bobby said. Turning to Shawn he said, "I think we should go and let these
men get some rest, don't you think, lover?"

"I agree. It's time we were going." Shawn stated.

They both hugged Brad and refused his offer to drive them back to the
hotel. They told him he needed to be with Tim and that they could easily
catch a cab. They were both silent in the ride down in the elevator and did
not even really begin to talk until the building's doorman got them a cab
and they were on the way back to the hotel.

"A penny for your thoughts." Bobby said to his lover who was silently
staring out the cab window.

Shawn turned to him, looking as if he had been far away and suddenly
returned without knowing where he was.

"What did you say, love?" he asked.

"I said, 'a penny for your thoughts'." Bobby repeated.

"This has been one of the most amazing days of my life. Almost on line with
the day I met you! I can't believe that I've carried around all this guilt
for so many years and now it's gone. I feel like I've been washed clean
somehow. And I'm so grateful to you! Without you it would never have
happened." Shawn swore.

"Thank you. I was only too happy to do it. I knew that you would never
truly be happy until you did something about the situation and I want you
happy! I want you to never, ever regret having fallen in love with me."
Bobby stated.

"I could never do that, babe. I believe that the day I met you was the best
and luckiest day of my life. Regardless of what happens from here on, I
will always know that you love me and I love you. And that will be enough
for me to see me through anything." Shawn swore.

They sat in silence for a while each lost in his own thoughts.

"How long do you want to stay in New York?" Bobby asked.

"I don't know. A few more days anyway. Why, what did you have in mind?"

"Well, first of all, isn't your friend Mike coming with all your stuff and
your car?" Bobby asked.

"Yeah. It should be at least a week though before he gets to Fort
Lauderdale." Shawn answered.

"Well, I've got an idea. Let's try and get Tim and Brad to fly down and
visit us in a few weeks.  I'm sure they could use a vacation and I think
the warmth and the sun could do wonders for Tim." Bobby said.

"I think that's a great idea." Shawn said. "Let's talk to them about it
tomorrow night when they come for dinner."

"My idea exactly." said Bobby.

And then Shawn reached over and put his arm around him and he settled back
into the cab seat, secure in his lover's embrace.


End of Part VIII

If you've enjoyed the story so far, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com

And if you like having access to stories like this, please consider making
a donation to Nifty to keep the site operating and free.

Thank you.

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Wed, 7 Nov 2001 15:28:31 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: Marine Encounter VII

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

SPECIAL NOTE: A lot of you have written to ask if the Marine I mention
above is my lover. I do not have a lover (not that I don't want one!). The
Marine that this is dedicated to is exactly what I have described - a
friend. If you have read my stories on this website, you know that being a
friend is, to me, far more important that being a lover.

Marine Encounter - Part VII
by RimPig (c) 2001

"It is so good to see you again, Mr. Grayson! It has been too long!"

Having just walked into the lobby of the Plaza, Shawn and I were greeted by
the concierge of the hotel.

"Thank you, Charles. Yes, it has been too long. Charles, may I introduce
you to my partner, Shawn O'Reilly." I said.

"Welcome, Mr. O'Reilly! I hope your stay with us will be everything that
you desire!" Charles always spoke in superlatives. I guess that was part of
the hotel rules.

"Thank you." Shawn said. I could see he was amused at this interplay.

"The suite you requested, Mr. Grayson, is ready for you. Is there anything
else that I can do to make your stay comfortable?" Charles asked.

"Yes, Charles. Do you think you could you arrange for two tickets for 'The
Producers' tonight?"  I asked.

"Well...it will be difficult, but I think I can arrange that. Will there be
anything else?" Charles stated.

"Yes, would you also make reservations for us for dinner in the Oak Room
tonight in time to get us to the theatre? Also, a limo to take us?" I
ordered.

"Of course. Anything else?" he asked.

"No, I think that's about it. Anything you need, Shawn?" I looked over at
Shawn who was watching this whole exchange.

"No, just so long as there's beer in the room." he said smiling at me.

"Oh, Sir! The bar in the suite holds at least 4 brands of premium beer and
3 brands of imported beer. If there is a particular brand you seek, we will
be more than happy to supply it." Charles stated.

"I think Bud will be fine." Shawn laughed.

"Well...if there is nothing else, Paul here will show you to your suite."
Charles nodded to another member of the desk staff who had come up while we
were talking.

The attractive young man asked us to follow him and he took us upstairs to
the suite. I think Shawn was a bit intimidated at first by the suite. It
was on the corner of the hotel and had both a sitting room and a
bedroom. Both rooms had fireplaces. The bedroom held a king-size bed and
there were views of Central Park from both rooms. The bathroom had both a
Jacuzzi and a shower.

After touring the suite, I gave the young man a tip and he left. Shawn
looked at me quizzically.

"Well, what do you think?" I asked.

"The shower is smaller than yours at home." he answered.

"Than OURS at home." I reminded him.

That stopped him dead in his tracks. He stood there staring at me looking
like a deer caught in a car's headlights. I could almost hear the gears
turning in his head, replacing data and realigning thought processes.

"Yeah." he replied. "Like ours at home. I guess it's going to take some
time to get used to that.  I'm so used to thinking in terms of 'me' and
'mine', not 'us' and 'ours'."

"You'll get used to it. Trust me." I laughed.

He walked over and took me in his arms.

"I don't know if I'll ever get used to you loving me. In some ways I hope I
don't. It always comes as such a wonderful surprise! I'm not used to being
loved, I'm not used to having the freedom to love someone I want to love. I
was taught that all this was 'sick' and 'wrong'. The whole reason we're
here is because I hurt someone because of that training. I don't know if
I'll ever completely get over it." he stated.

"None of us ever get completely over it! We get better, but I don't know if
we ever completely heal from the kind of damage that happens when you're
taught that everything you are, everything you love is wrong. It is what
has always scared me about a relationship." I explained.

"How's that?" he asked.

"Well...each of us, whether we like to admit it or not, has been damaged by
the self-hatred we were taught growing up. Many of us end up believing that
we cannot love or that we aren't worth loving because we're 'sick
faggots'. We're told that we are incapable of love. We're told that we will
molest children. We're told that our relationships are not real or have any
value at all. Just look at the situation we're in! Would you feel
comfortable flying home tomorrow and introducing me to your parents as
someone you love?" I asked him.

"Well that's a different situation!" he said defensively.

"Is it? How? How many guys do you think are able to share with their
families that they love another guy and have it accepted - REALLY
accepted. Like the 'marriage' it is? Do you remember this crazy little law
that congress passed a couple of years ago called 'DOMA' - the Defense of
Marriage Act? Congress and the heterosexuals they represent were shitting
themselves over the idea that one state might actually have the guts to say
that Gay relationships were as valid as straight one's and might actually
'marry' two guys! Well, congress put a stop to that! But they forgot that
there used to be laws that said that marriage was not possible between a
black person and a white person! People didn't think that those
relationships were valid either! The southern states decided that anyone
who was black was 'sub-human' and couldn't be allowed to marry a white
'human'. Basically what they were saying were that blacks were not capable
of loving. Oh, they allowed blacks to marry each other - that didn't
threaten them at all because they saw that as blacks just 'aping' their
'betters'! THAT'S what we have to deal with - and are going to have to deal
with on a daily basis as long as we stay together. We won't have the
support of our families. They won't plan a wedding to celebrate our
love. They won't put our names in the 'Family Bible'. And if we get into
difficulty with each other - they won't be there to tell us that all
relationships have problems from time to time and we ought to work on
staying together. No!  They'd more than likely say 'Well! What do you
expect? That relationship was doomed to begin with because it was
unnatural!'. I love you. I will always love you. But you've got to
understand what you're getting into. I don't want to lose you later because
you can't take what is going to be thrown at us."

I stopped and turned away from him. I felt myself start to lose it and I
didn't want to break down in front if him. Suddenly, I felt his arms go
around me and I seemed to collapse in his arms, crying out the pain I felt.

"It will be all right, babe. I promise. No matter what happens I'm not
going anywhere! And if my family can't deal with it, fuck 'em! They can
kiss my ass! I've searched for you all my life. You're more important to me
than anybody. I promise you that. And we'll find a way to make it on our
own. You'll see. And if you can find a way we can get married, we will!" he
promised.

I clung to him. I was trembling with my own feelings. I couldn't talk
anymore.

"Look, babe." he spoke softly. "I understand your anger. I saw it in the
other Marines I served with that I knew were Gay. The anger at being just
as good as anyone, and in most cases better, and yet knowing that you could
be thrown out of the service just for having sex and getting caught. As
long as you fucked the native women in almost every foreign port in the
world, you were fine! You were a 'model' Marine! Paying for whores - that
was OK. But falling in love with another Marine and get caught and you were
history. I knew one guy at home who was in Nam.  He lost a leg at Da
Nang. He was awarded a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. Then somebody ratted
him out because he'd fallen in love with a Corpsman who nursed him in the
hospital. They threw them both out with a dishonorable discharge. They lost
all benefits. The only good part was that when I knew him, he and the
Corpsman were still together, still very much in love. Why do you think I'm
getting out of the Corps? I loved being a Marine. But I knew that if I
stayed, I could end up getting thrown out, but I wouldn't have anyone to
love me and stand by me. I guess I'm glad I didn't meet you before I'd made
the decision. I might have been tempted not to leave."

He held me tighter. I turned in his arms and faced him. I looked up into
his eyes and saw the pain I had heard in his voice. I knew then that he
truly did understand. He knew that same hatred for the injustice that we
had to live with as Gay men every day of our lives. And I knew that my love
for him grew in that moment. And, more importantly, my admiration for who
he was grew as well.

"Shawn, I'm sorry. I had no right to go off like that. Especially on you. I
don't even know what brought all that on." I apologized.

"I think I do. You scared. Just like I am. We're both happy to have found
each other, but it's still scary to suddenly change your whole life. We're
learning about each other. Learning to trust each other. Building a bond
between us. So there are parts that are still kind of tender and aren't
comfortable yet. We'll get through it. You know that." he stated.

I stared up at him, speechless! I couldn't believe that this all had come
from my warrior/lover.  He'd figured it all out while I was lost in my own
emotions. Oh...this was a man to keep!!! This was a man worth keeping!!!

"You are absolutely amazing! Do you know that, soldier? You are absolutely
incredible!" I raved.  "You are the most wonderfully amazing and incredible
man in the world! I absolutely blown away by your understanding. There are
depths to you I haven't even begun fathom. Do you think if we're
together....say about 50 years, I'll ever find all of you?" I laughed.

For the first time since I'd known him, Shawn did something I would have
bet money he couldn't do. He blushed.

"I did learn something in the Corps. I did a lot of growing up. And I had a
lot of time to think about what I wanted out of life. When I came to
Lauderdale, I knew exactly what I was looking for. I didn't know if I would
find it there, but I was willing to do whatever it took to find it. And I
found you. But I know this isn't going to be easy for either of
us. Relationships never are. But I know that I'm willing to take the risk
and make the effort and I know you are, too. That's what counts." he said.

I reached up and took his face between my hands. I pulled him close and
kissed him deeply.

"You said it all, lover! We are going to make it! I will never love anyone
the way I love you." I swore. "Now, let's go out and take a walk in Central
Park. I want to take you to lunch at Tavern on the Green. And I want to
show you a special place."

We went out the front door of the hotel and the doorman asked if we wanted
a cab. I was about to answer when something caught my eye. The horse drawn
hansom cabs! I thanked the doorman and ran down the steps to the where the
horses waited with their drivers. I went up to a young man who seemed about
19 or 20, slender with long brown hair.

"My lover and I want to rent your cab. We want you to drive us through the
park to Tavern on the Green and then wait for us and take us to the
Metropolitan Museum and then back to the Plaza." I said, holding up a
hundred dollar bill.

"Gentlemen," he said, doffing his hat, bowing and holding open the door to
the carriage, "Climb right aboard!"

I got in the carriage but Mike continued to stand on the side-walk.

"Come on, soldier! Come take the ride of your life!" I cried.

"You know you're crazy!" he laughed, climbing in the carriage.

"Yes! Crazy about you!"

We rode through the park, looking at the beautiful foliage and all the New
Yorkers walking, playing, having lunch. Mike put one arm around me and held
my hand in his as I leaned my head against the thick musculature of his
arm. I had been to New York many times and had ridden through Cental Park
like this almost every time I visited the city, but it was like I had never
seen New York before, never ridden though Cental Park, never saw the trees
or the people. And, of course I hadn't - because I'd never seen it while I
was in love.

The wonderful feelings that I had for Shawn colored all my perceptions that
day. Everywhere I looked there was something beautiful or interesting or
exciting to see. The air itself seemed to take on a magical scent. I could
become convinced quite easily that the only time that you ever are able to
see just how beautiful the world is, is when you are in the arms of someone
you love.

We had a wonderful, leisurely lunch at Tavern-On-The-Green and then climbed
back in the carriage and we road to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. I took
Shawn directly to the American Wing and the Tiffany Collection. We stood
before the beautiful stained glass window there. I had always loved stained
glass and Louis Comfort Tiffany was, to me, the master of the art. I had
two original Tiffany Lamps in the condo at home. What I wouldn't give to
own a window by Tiffany, but I couldn't afford anything like that. So,
whenever I was in New York City, I always went to the Metropolitan to stand
here before this display.

"It's really beautiful!" Mike said.

I reached over, took his arm and leaned against him.

"Yes, I love stained glass. Always have. There are two lamps done by
Tiffany at home." I told him.

"Those really pretty glass one's in the living room?" he asked.

"You mean you noticed!?" I was again surprised.

"Of course I did! They're really beautiful. They look like trees in full
bloom."

"They are wisteria trees. Tiffany created a beautiful representation of
them in those lamps.  They're very rare today. It cost me a lot for them,
but I love them." I explained.

"I can understand why." he said.

We wandered further in museum for a while. I took him to the Impressionists
and we stood for a while in front of the Monet paintings. It felt so good
sharing these things I love with him. And he seemed to appreciate them as
well. We held hands, touched, walked arm and arm throughout the museum as
if it were the most natural thing in the world. God knows it should be, but
I guessed that this was the first time Shawn had ever publically shown love
or affection for another male since he'd been a very little boy. And yet,
the movements were so natural for him. I remember standing in front of a
Roman marble nude statue from the first century that was titled "A Wounded
Warrior". The young man's face showed some pain but his body was almost
perfectly within the Greek ideal for a male. I could see Shawn assessing
the young man like he would a raw recruit, deciding whether or not he had
what it took to be a 'warrior'.

"Would he have made a good marine?" I asked him.

"Well, maybe..." he answered. "But he'd have to have a bit more uniform
before I'd send him out for hand-to-hand training."

I laughed at the idea of the nude young Greek/Roman warrior showing up for
training at a USMC base wearing little more than a piece of cloth thrown
over one shoulder and strategically covering his groin. Shawn joined me in
the laughter at his own joke.

Finally we left the museum, got back in the carriage and went back to the
hotel. When we entered the lobby, Charles approached us.

"Mr. Grayson, Mr. O'Reilly, your tickets to the theater will be waiting for
you at the desk and I've arranged dinner in the Oak Room for 7:00 and the
limo will be waiting to get you to the theatre in time for the curtain." he
reported.

"Thank you, Charles! That's wonderful." I said.

"Yes, thank you." Shawn said.

"I hope you gentlemen have a wonderful evening." Charles said.

We went back up to the suite where the fires had been lighted in the
fireplaces as the late afternoon chill set in.

"We've got several hours before our reservations. What do you want to do?"
I asked Shawn.

He looked at the fireplace glowing in the bedroom and the king-size
bed. Then he looked at me and gave me a mischievous smile.  Then we both
ran for the bedroom, tearing clothes from our body as we ran. Clothes were
strewn all over the suite when we both jumped onto the bed naked.

We snuggled in each other's arms, our bodies warmed and lit by the glow of
the fireplace. My head was resting on Shawn's upper arm and his other hand
was gently and slowly running up and down my flanks. He seemed to be trying
to memorize my body in Braille. He had a very thoughtful look on his face
as I watched him, the glow from the fireplace highlighting the contours of
his face.

"What are you thinking about, love?" I asked him.

" I was just thinking of how wonderful everything's been today and how
awful tomorrow is going to be." he answered.

"Perhaps it won't be so awful. Perhaps you will feel better when you
finally have this monkey off your back. You'll finally be able to know
you've tried to apologize to Tim and maybe things will work out. Let's pray
that they will and then let it go for tonight. There's nothing we can do
now anyway. And we can't tell the future. The last few days alone should
tell you that!" I said.

"Yeah! I know. God knows I would never have predicted all this 4 days
ago. Who'd have ever thought that I'd be lying naked in a suite at the
Plaza Hotel with another hot naked guy who loves me?" he smiled.

"Well, this 'hot' guy is going to start getting 'cold' - even with that
fire - if you don't do something to keep him warm!"

Shawn took the hint and leaned down and began licking and sucking at my
left nipple. My back involuntarily arched at the electrical shocks that
were going through my body from his torture of my extremely sensitive
tit. This drove my body closer to his while his hand slid down my body and
cupped the cheek of my ass.

He then moved back up, licking an nibbling at the tender skin of my
throat. I tilted my head back to give him ready access. He left red
hickey's all over my throat by the time he finished tasting my neck.

I expected him to either move to the other side of my body or kiss me. He
did neither. Instead, he raised up and pushed me onto my back. Then he
swung around over me into a classic 69 position and gobbled my cock down to
the root as his dangled over my face.

I reached up and took the head of his stiffening cock into my mouth and we
began to take each other deep into our respective throats as we both moaned
around the cock we were sucking. I reached up and began playing with his
butt. I stroked a finger lightly up and down his ass trench and then began
to push against his hole. Shawn was busy in my butt as well, already having
what felt like two fingers pushed up my hole and massaging my
prostate. This wasn't going to take long at all for me to cum and from the
rigidness I could feel from his cock in my mouth, it wasn't going to take
Shawn much longer.

We avidly ate each other's cock and both had fingers shoved up the others
ass. As I knew, within moments of each other, we blew our loads into each
other's mouth. The moment we did, Shaw pull off my cock, spun around -
pulling his cock from my mouth - and pressed his mouth to mine, allowing
all my cum which he kept in his warm mouth to slide into my mouth. I, of
course, still had a mouthful of his load and we lay there exchanging our
copious loads with each other - tasting each other until our cum mingled
into a single "Shawn/Bobby" load which we swallowed with relish.

"Can we take a nap for a while? I'm really worn out from today." Shawn
said, looking down at me.

"We can do whatever we want. And I agree, today has tired me out. And we
didn't get much sleep last night!" I replied.

"And who's fault is that?!" he asked with that mischievous grin of his.

"Oh! Let's not start THAT again or we won't get any sleep now!" I insisted.

We managed to get under the covers of the bed and Shawn and I nestled like
spoons with him behind me holding me close to his warm, hard body. I could
feel his body heat and smell his body scent. It didn't matter that we were
1200 miles from Ft. Lauderdale, as long as I was in his arms, I was home. I
drifted off, safe and secure in the arms of my warrior/lover.



End of Part VII

If you liked the story so far, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com
Please tell me which story you read when you write.

If you liked the story, why not make a donation to NIFTY to keep the site
free? Thank you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Fri, 2 Nov 2001 22:00:10 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE ENCOUNTER VI

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

Marine Encounter - Part VI
by RimPig (c) 2001

The next morning, I awoke again in Shawn's arms. I lay there, feeling the
warmth of his body and surrounded by his scent. The scent of the man I
loved and who I had last night, under the moon and witnessed by the
Atlantic Ocean, pledged my love and my life to. I realized that as of last
night, Shawn and I had committed ourselves to wake like this, together, for
the rest of our lives.  The thought was overwhelming to me. And while some
would see all that time as daunting, I felt nothing but complete comfort at
the thought. To know that my warrior/lover was truly mine and would be
there for me for all our lives. As I would be there for him - there to
comfort, love and care for him for all his life.

I closed my eyes and nestled closer to him, feeling his arms tighten around
me.

"I was dreaming about you." he whispered huskily in my ear.

"And was it a wet dream?" I responded.

"It was just about to be!" he growled deep in his throat as he dipped down
and nibbled on my neck with his teeth.

"Well, then, why waste it on the sheets? Why don't you put it where it will
do some good?" I growled back.

He moved his body even closer to mine, pressing his hardness against my
butt.

"I think I'll do just that."

I heard him spit on his hand and then felt his fingers lubing my hole. I
heard him spit again and then I felt his cockhead at the entrance to my
body. I moved back, relaxing my sphincter and slid his cock through my ass
lips. He pressed forward slowly but firmly until his weapon was buried
completely in my sheath. I moaned at the feeling of fullness and connection
with him. I could feel his cock throbbing with desire, engorged with his
blood to a size that told me it would not be a long fuck. This young male
animal needed to get off! Now!!

He drew back, and snapping his hips forward, drove his cock into me with
tremendous strength. I let out a sharp cry, not of pain, but surprise!
There were evidently limits to his strength far beyond what I'd seen so
far! He began to pound in and out of my hole, rubbing his hard shaft
against my already enlarged prostate. I had awoken with a hardon as well,
and from a dream about him so I was as ready and eager to spill my cum as
he was!

Suddenly, I felt his hand reach around my body and grip my already hard and
dripping cock. He took some of the cock-snot that was drooling from my piss
hole and began to spread it down my cock. He then gripped my hardon and
began to jack me off with the same rhythm that his cock was driving in and
out of my ass.

It took only a few strokes of his hand and the same number of thrusts of
his lance into my hilt for us to both reach the summit of our desire. I
began to moan and I could hear him grunting in my ear as I felt the
swelling of his maleness inside me and the tremors as he erupted his hot
lava into my pit. I bathed his hand in my body's love offering as I joined
him in the trembling, mind-erasing journey into oblivion.

As we lay there, trying to regain a natural rhythm of breathing and heart
rate, he brought his hand from my cock and began to lick my seed from it. I
watched as he did this and he saw my eyes staring at him in love. He
stopped licking and offered the rest of my own seed to me. I licked his
hand clean and then we kissed, tasting me inside each other's mouths,
finally parting when no more sperm could be found or tasted.

"I want you to wake me that way every morning." He ordered.

"Sir, yes sir!" I replied.

We lay there quietly for a while, him holding me. I didn't want the moment
to end. I wanted to stay that way forever, safe and protected in the arms
of my young warrior/lover. But his needs were too insistent for us to
remain like that for long.

"I need to take a wicked piss!" he said into my ear.

"Yes? And your point is?" I replied.

"Then I'm going to have to pull out of you and I don't want to." he argued.

"Who said you had to pull out?" I slammed the ball back into his court.

"You mean.....?" he smiled.

"Well...duh!" I stated.

At that point, I felt the warmth of his piss begin to flow strongly into my
ass and his cock, which had started to go somewhat less rigid, came again
to full attention. I began to feel the welcome fullness in my guts as he
moaned in delight at the sensations of having his hard cock massaged by my
ass muscles and warmed by his own piss at the same time. I almost thought I
might get him to shoot a second load of cum in me as well but this was not
to be. He finished pissing and his cock quickly began to soften again. I
quickly closed tight my sphincter muscles, forcing his cock out and keeping
his piss in.

I got up quickly and rather than heading for the bathroom, headed for the
shower room instead. I knew I could just release his twin loads of piss and
cum while I showered. I didn't figure, however on my warrior's continued
need to play.

He followed me into the shower room and, grabbing my arm, pulled me over to
the marble bench in the middle of the room. He stood me beside it while he
lay down on the bench.

"How good is your aim with your ass?" he grinned at me.

"I don't know! You want to find out?" I asked, grinning back at him.

"Yeah! Just cover me with my piss and my load!" he said, laying back on the
marble bench.

I turned around, bent over and slightly loosened the lips of my
ass. Pushing down with my inner muscles, I sent a stream of his hot piss
straight out of my butt onto his chest and abs. He moaned and began rubbing
the piss all over himself. I swung my ass to the right and left, continuing
to spray him with his own piss and cum warmed by my ass. I hit his cock and
balls and then his chest, face and head. He was bathed in his own morning
piss and was obviously loving it from the moans I heard coming from him.

When I finally ran out of liquid, he pulled me over to the bench and on top
of him. I was now being covered myself with the wet piss from his body. I
leaned down and began to lick his shoulders and neck, reaching some of the
drying piss and even little islands of white cum. When we both were
smelling like a urinal, we went under the showers and were sprayed clean
while we continued to touch, kiss, lick and nibble at each others body. It
was like we couldn't get enough physical contact with each other. I knew
that this wouldn't last forever between us, but I was going to enjoy it to
the fullest while it lasted.

We finally got out of the shower and went into the sauna to allow the dry
heat to dry us. When we had a fine sheen of sweat - enough to bring out the
natural scents of our bodies which we both found infinitely attractive
about each other - we wandered into the kitchen.

Pouring us both a cup of coffee, I turned to him.

"What do you want for breakfast?"

"I want to eat more of you!" he laughed.

"Well, I think some carbs and sugars along with protein would probably be
healthier and give you much more stamina to continue in those pursuits,
soldier!" I rattled off.

"Ok, then some scrambled eggs with toast. Not a lot. I don't eat a lot of
food in the morning." he stated.

"I'm glad you clarified that statement!" I giggled.

He smiled at me and walked out onto the balcony. The sun was full up and he
could see the beach filling up with tourists and other sun-worshipers. I
went ahead and fixed breakfast and took it out to the table on the
balcony. I told him it was ready and went back into the kitchen and fixed
myself some fruit and toast along with a couple of eggs. When it was done,
I took it out on the balcony. Shawn was still standing there, looking out
at the ocean. He hadn't moved and he hadn't touched his breakfast.

"Earth to Shawn!" I called.

He turned to look at me like he was coming out of a dream. Almost as if he
didn't know me or where he was.

"Well, where were you, soldier!" I asked.

He shook his head as if to shake off what he was thinking about.

"I'm sorry. I was lost in thought. And for me, that's really getting lost!"
he grinned sheepishly.

"So what's got you so lost?"

"I was just thinking about Tim. You know, I still want to find him some day
and try to apologize to him for what I did. I know it may not do much for
him, but it sure would for me. But I don't even know where to start! I
haven't seen him for 10 years." he explained.

"And what's brought on this need to make amends?" I asked.

"I guess you could say it's guilt. I've finally found what I've always been
looking for. Something I think that Tim wanted from me. I now know how he
felt. I know what it's like to truly be in love with another man. I don't
know if it's really different than what guys who fall in love with women
feel since I've never been in love with a woman. I just was almost married
to one. Didn't like her.  Didn't love her. I have no way of knowing. But I
do know now what Tim felt, and it is the most wonderful feeling in the
world. But I still feel like I owe him something for what I did to him."

"Well, perhaps we can do something about that. I have this friend who works
in corporate security. Using the Internet, there isn't anybody he can't
find! Of course he usually uses it to find crooks and con-artists, but I'm
sure it would work to find Tim. It might take some time, but what you need
to do is gather as much information about him as you can that I can give to
my friend to give him some parameters in the search. Then we just
wait. It's as simple as that." I explained.

"And what will something like this cost?" He asked.


"Actually, nothing. Not only does my friend love to do this kind of stuff,
he also owes me big- time for a number of favor's I've done him over the
last year."

"If you could do this, it would mean a lot to me!" he said.

"You get the information together, give it to me and I'll call my
friend. Ok?"

He walked over and put his arms around me.

"It's very Ok." he said, leaning down and kissing me gently on the lips.

We finally sat down and had breakfast then. We didn't talk much. We really
didn't feel the need to. We were happy just being together. But after I
cleared away the dishes and brought us more coffee, I decided to bring up
something that had been bothering me.

"Shawn, what about the Marine Corps. When do you have to go back and for
how long?" I asked, afraid of the answer.

"Well, actually, never." he said.

"What?!"

"I'm on what's called 'Terminal Leave'." he explained. "While I'm
technically still a member of the Corps, my discharge date and my last date
of leave coincide so basically I have been mustered out and never have to
go back."

"But what about all that 'one month's leave' stuff?" I sputtered.

"Well, that's true. I'm on one month's leave. At the end of that leave, I'm
a civilian again." he said. "I didn't lie to you. I guess I did
intentionally mislead you. And I'm sorry for that. But I wanted to have a
way out in case it didn't work between us. Can you understand that?" he
begged.

"Yes. Unfortunately I can. You didn't believe it could happen and you
needed an escape clause in case it didn't. What would you have done in a
month, just left town?"

"No, I would have left long before that. I told you I was ready to leave
when we met. I thought about trying some other places first like San
Francisco or LA. Maybe New York. I wanted to try and find someplace I 'fit
in'. And I wanted to find someone to love. Is there anything wrong with
that?" he asked.

"No, there's certainly nothing wrong with that. And I understand exactly
where you're coming from. And, of course, none of this matters now, does
it?" I looked him in the eyes.

"Not in the least! I found you. I don't need to look any farther! You're
everything I was looking for and more." he vowed.

"Ok, then that brings up some other things. Certainly the few bags we
brought from the hotel aren't your entire possessions, are they?" I asked.

"Well, no. There's actually quite a bit of stuff. But it's in a storage
facility in San Diego. I didn't know where I was going to end up, so I put
it there until I found a permanent place. A friend of mine has the key to
the facility and is willing to drive it here to me. His name's Mike. I told
him I'd pay for a U-Haul van to attach to my car and any of his expenses
plus put him up in a hotel here for a week and fly him back to San Diego if
he'd bring the stuff to me. He can have it here in a few weeks. He just has
to arrange for leave." he explained.

"Well, that's taken care of. How much room will you need for everything?" I
said, worried about all the re-arranging that would have to be done.

"I don't have a lot. Some clothes, a computer, stereo system, my CD's -
that kind of stuff. I'm not much on collecting things. The only thing that
really matters is my car. I almost drove it here, but I didn't want
anything to happen to it until I figured out where I was going to be so I
stored it, too."

"What kind of car do you have?" I asked, noting the gleam in his eyes when
he mentioned it.

"A 73 Trans-Am with a 455! It's almost mint condition and it's worth some
bucks. I'd say at least $12,000 right now. It's black with black leather
interior. I still have some work to do on it but it's a beauty!" he
enthused.

Well, it was real obvious. This was a "car guy". And I couldn't
disagree. The heavy iron 'muscle cars' were favorites of mine, too.

"Well, we've got another parking space in the garage downstairs for it. It
will have as good a home as it's 'Daddy'." I laughed.

"Yeah! I guess it is kind of my baby," he said sheepishly.

"Same as my 'Vette is to me! So why don't you call your friend, Mike, and
tell him to get here as soon as possible?" I suggested.

"If you think so...." he faltered.

"What's the matter?" I could feel that he was suddenly very uncomfortable
for some reason.

"Well....I know that this is all really sudden for you. I mean, I'm used to
living with a bunch of other guys, but you've lived a long time alone. Are
you sure you're not going to miss that?" he said with concern.

"Oh, yeah! I'm going to miss not having anybody to talk to. I'm going to
miss having to sit here eating dinner alone. And I'm especially going to
miss the wonderful feeling of lying in a big bed alone, wishing for
somebody to hold me. I'm going to miss all that! Not to mention how much
I'll miss that feeling of not having somebody who loves me." I said
quietly.

"I just wondered if you were feeling like we were rushing into this? I know
I'm not feeling that way. Things can't move fast enough for me! I've wanted
to be involved with somebody for a long time. I just was afraid. I knew it
would completely change my life. I knew I couldn't even consider it until I
was out of the Corps. And then there was the mess at home that I knew I'd
have to do something about. I just want to make sure you want this as much
as I do." he explained.

"Please, Shawn, I gave up believing I would ever meet someone like you! I
want this as much as you do. Believe that!" I swore.

"Ok, then I guess I'll call Mike in a little while. You know there's a 3
hour time difference there."  he explained.

"Speaking of changing your life, we haven't talked much about that. What do
you want to do with your life now that you're leaving the Corps?" I asked.

"Well, I've thought about a lot of things, but there's one thing I've
always wanted to do. I want to go to school and become a doctor. Maybe
doing emergency medicine...you know, trauma and stuff. I just don't know if
I've got what it takes academically. I did OK in high school and I had
really good SAT scores but I don't know if I've got what it takes." he
confessed.

"Well, there's only one way to find out, isn't there? You go to college and
find out. And we happen to have 2 medical schools in the area. There's the
one at the University of Miami and there's also one at Nova-Southeastern
University out in Davie. You decide where you want to go." I suggested.

"Well, I saved a lot of money through the Corps and I have money to go to
school. I just don't know if I will get accepted." he said.

"Well...I might be able to help there. I'm an alumni of the University of
Miami and I happen to be a rather large contributor to the school. I think
we can get you in. The rest will be up to you, love." I assured him.

"God! That would be great! But I guess that will have to wait for a few
months. I guess we're in between semesters now." he said.

"That's probably true, but that's all the better. It gives us time to get
things arranged before you have to start. You'll have a chance to get
acclimated to south Florida. And to being in a relationship." I smiled.

"I don't think I'll ever get 'acclimated' to that! I don't want to ever
feel like this isn't the most wonderful thing in my life!" he said.

"Don't worry. I'll remind you of that constantly." I giggled.

"Yeah! I bet you will!" he said, standing up and coming around that
table. "Don't you think it's time we got out of here and saw some of Fort
Lauderdale?" he leaned down and kissed me gently on the cheek.

"You got it, Soldier! I've got some places to show you."

We spent the rest of the day shopping and sightseeing. Among the things we
bought was another ring. This one I bought for him. A simple gold ring with
a sapphire, his birth stone, in it. I also helped him pick out a suit so he
would have something nice to wear out to dinner or to the theatre.

We went to a gay restaurant for lunch where we turned a few heads. I guess
they guys could tell that we were very much in love and I saw some looks of
sheer envy pointed our way. I hate to admit it, but I felt good about it. I
truly felt proud to be out with Shawn.

When we got home, there was a message waiting for me from my friend who was
doing the search for Tim, the guy from Shawn's past. I called him. He told
me that Tim was living in New York City where he had been working in the
theatre. He gave me additional information about Tim. I took down the
information he had and thanked him, hung up the phone and walked into the
bedroom where Shawn was laying across the bed. I crawled into bed next to
him and he put his arms around me and drew me to him. He kissed me gently
and I settled my head against his shoulder.

"I have some news." I began.

"About what?" he asked.

"My friend who was searching for Tim called." I informed him.

"Did he have any luck?" he asked.

"Yes, he did. He found Tim. He's in New York City." I told him.

"Great! I can go to see him, then." he said.

"Yes, we can. But we're going to have to go very soon. In fact, I'm going
to call the airlines and make reservations for tomorrow." I informed him.

"Why the rush?" he asked, concern in his voice.

"Shawn, I don't know any other way to tell you this but straight out. Tim
is in a hospice. He's dying of AIDS." I said quietly.

Shawn just stared at me for several minutes. I could see the impact of my
words written on his face. And then I saw tears begin to fill his eyes. I
reached up and pulled him down to me and he collapsed on my shoulder and
began crying. I held him while he sobbed, stroking his head and letting him
cry it out. After a while, he quieted down and went to sleep clutching me
to him. I lay there holding him and eventually fell asleep with him.

There would be time enough tomorrow to deal with what Shawn wanted to do
about this situation. I'm glad I was there to hold him and for him to hold
onto me. I loved this man. There was no way around it. More than that, I
respected and liked him. And maybe, that was the more important thing.


End of Part VI

A lot of people have asked if the Marine I've dedicated this story to is my
lover. No, unfortunately I don't have a lover now. The Marine is exactly
what I said he was - a friend. And as you know if you've read this or any
of my other stories, to me a friend is the most important person in the
world.

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com Please remember to
mention the name of the story you're writing about.

And if you liked the story, remember that without the Nifty site, you
wouldn't be reading it! So how about making a donation to keep the site
free? Thank you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Sat, 27 Oct 2001 23:19:58 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE ENCOUNTER - PART V

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

Marine Encounter - Part V
by RimPig (c) 2001

It only took one look in Shawn's eyes to know that he was telling me the
complete, honest truth.  I was the only one that Shawn had ever felt "the
spark" with. As he held my hand I reached over with the other one and
stroked his cheek, feeling the rough, 'sand-paper' feel of his day-old
growth of beard and the warm skin under it. I leaned down and kissed his
forehead and then placed mine against his. We stayed that way for a few;
precious moments. I was so overwhelmed by the total love and commitment
that this young warrior was offering me. Could I handle this?  Could I
accept this? Better still, was I capable of living up to his expectations?

These were the thoughts that were going through my head. And then I stopped
myself. What was I going on about! Could I handle this, could I live up to
his expectations? I had no doubt whatever that I could. The real problem
had always been someone handling mine! And on that point, I had no doubts
either. Shawn was more than capable of living up to my expectations. My
God! He'd already exceeded them!

"Will you either give me a two-carat pear-shaped solitaire or get up off
your knees." I grinned at him.

"Nah! I got something better for you!" he said.

And ducking his head down, he quickly sucked my soft cock into his warm,
wet mouth and began to gently suck on it. As I sat there with his head
bobbing up and down in my lap, it took no time at all for me to become a
rigid as a steel I-beam. I was frankly amazed at how well Shawn could deep
throat my cock. I could feel his tongue running up and down the underside
of my cock and tickling it at the edge of the crown.

As he continued to gobble my man-meat, I put my arms behind my head and
stretched my body in the bright sunlight. God! It felt so good to have the
warm sun beating down on my body and this hunk of a Marine going down on my
cock! I seriously considered just letting him suck my cock until I shot jet
after jet of warm jism down his jarhead throat. But that wasn't near as
much fun as some other ideas of how to use his hard, well-trained military
body. I felt like fucking Marine butt and there was a nice one just below
my cock!

"What say we take this into the bedroom, soldier?" I asked.

"Sir! Yes, Sir!" he shouted, taking his mouth off my dripping dork.

He got up off his knees and I could see his hard cock pointing at me. I
started to rise, but he put his hand on my shoulder and held me down in the
chair.

"Sir! Gunnery Sergeant O'Reilly needs to take a piss, Sir!" he shouted in
his 'parade ground' voice.

"Proceed, Gunnery Sergeant" I said, in my best imitation of a command
voice.

I knew what he intended. He thought he would piss all over me. But I had
other ideas. As his warm piss began to shoot from his cock-head, I quickly
swooped down and sucked the head of his hard pissing cock into my mouth and
rapidly began swallowing his piss-load. It was a strong flow and, at first,
I had some difficulty getting a rhythm to the swallowing. After a few
seconds, however, I had no difficulty in handling the stream of hot piss
pouring out of the piss-lips of his rock-hard cock. The taste was a bit
stronger than the beer-piss last night, but I wanted it more than I had
last night. I wanted to take this part of his body inside of mine. I moved
from the chair to my knees by instinct. I wanted to be on my knees to
receive this most intimate of 'communions' from this lover/warrior/god who
stood before me. I wanted to take what, to many, was a degrading act and
transform it into an act of love, of dedication, of union with the male
that I chose to make the center of my world.

Shawn seemed to instinctually understand what my actions meant. He reached
down with both hands and held my head while his cock continued to spew piss
into my mouth.

"Yes, take my hot piss inside you!" he growled, "Take my piss and let it
flow through you until it makes you become a part of me! Drink from my hard
cock. Your mouth feels so good on it!"

I drank! I continued to swallow and as the flow diminished, I began to suck
on his fleshy rod of steel, my tongue rapidly fluttering over the underside
of his rigid maleness. He began moaning and shoving is cock deeper and
deeper into my mouth until it hit the opening of my throat and traveled
beyond it. He gripped my head with his immensely strong hands and began to
slam his cock fully in and out of my willing mouth, all the while pulling
my head tight into his groin. I could smell the sweat and musk of his
crotch and it made my cock drool cock-snot in quarts do that a puddle soon
formed beneath me.

My hands were gripping his ass cheeks while fingers from both hands were
eagerly exploring his sweaty, slimy butt-trench searching for his
hole. Finding it, I shoved two fingers, one from each hand, as deep into
the recess of his body as I could reach. He grunted at the intrusion but
seemed to push his ass back farther to take more of my exploring digits
into his shit-chute. I quickly added two more fingers up his slimy hole and
he moaned in desire for more.

I pulled back, letting his cock pop out of my mouth and pulled my fingers
from his ass as well.  With him watching me, I brought both hands to my
face and, looking directly into his eyes while I did it, I took deep whiffs
of the four fingers that I had pulled from his ass. The aroma caused an
uncontrolled moan of delight and desire to escape my lips. He gave me a
wolfish leer, noting my total surrender to my desire for his scent and his
funk. Slowly he turned around and spread his legs to shoulder width,
presenting his hard, bubble-butt to my face and then slowly bent over,
grabbing the cheeks of his ass and spreading them giving me total access to
his rank, ripe hole.

"Yeah, smell my fucking ass! Shove your nose in that nasty crack and have a
good whiff!" he growled at me from between his spread legs.

I leaned forward and buried my face in his reeking ass trench, my nose
pushed right up against his slimy, fragrant hole. I proceeded, as ordered,
to take deep whiffs of his butt funk. No poppers on earth - not even the
real amyl that I could occasionally score from a friend who worked in a
hospital - could give me the rush that the rank scent of Shawn's ripe
butthole and trench could! I breathed as deep as I could and as often as I
could to try and savor every scintilla of aroma which had percolated
between his hard, round military butt-cheeks. This was aged
Shawn-scent. Hours of sweat, musk and ass-juice which had be perfectly
cooked by the warmth between his buns. And here he was, my warrior/lover,
openly offering me that most hidden, protected and intensely personal place
on a man's body. I was overwhelmed by the scent and the emotions I felt
kneeling there with my face pressed into his butt.

But smelling wasn't enough. I pulled my face back to have one last look at
the almost smooth trench, just sprinkled with a light dusting of golden
hair and the pink, wrinkled lips of his hole before pressing my face once
again between the cheeks - only this time with my tongue pushed out as far
as I could get it to taste the wonderful salty-tart flavors which the aroma
of his butt promised.

I began by dragging my tongue slowly from the bottom of his ass-trench to
the top with infinite slowness - savoring each millimeter of his
butt-crack. This way, I could have one last whiff of this most powerful
scent before my tongue swiped it away with the flavors to be found
there. And what tastes! The saltiness of sweat, the darkness of the musk
and the tang of the ass juices which have escaped through his delicate ass
lips. This mixture, so precious because this distilled essence of maleness
takes time to carefully steep in the warm recesses of these muscular
glutes, tingled on my tongue as it approached the soft, slick skin of the
sacred opening to my muscular warrior god's body. That fleshy portal I
yearned to breech - first with my tongue, reaching as far inside as I
could, swiping back and forth to taste the richer, darker tartness of the
interior of him. Later, craving to join our bodies by invading this orifice
with my rigid flesh-pole which now stood so rigidly I experienced exquisite
pain from it's hardness.

But I had not time to think of what was to come. Now my mind, heart could
only focus on the luscious offering that my warrior/god made to my probing
tongue. I pushed against his ass-lips and easily breeched his hole again
and again, using the ancient rhythm of pleasure to fuck his hole with my
oral dildo, all the while having my lips of my mouth wrapped around the
lips of his ass and sucking hard to draw forth more of his precious
ass-juice to savor.

I heard my warrior/lover moan deeply as I continued to worship at and
minister to his ass. Then he began to grind his butt into my face, moving
his hips around to grant me maximum access to his inner reaches. He moaned
his craving for deeper and wider penetration. And then, he began to move
his ass over my entire face, marking me with his ass scent, like a rutting
male marking territory which belonged to him alone.

"Yeah, cover your face with my butt-stink! I want you to smell like my ass!
I want to smell and taste my ass on your face!" he growled as he worked his
ass against my face.

I cooperated by rubbing my face against his ass-crack to get as much of his
scent on me as I could. I wanted to be marked by this alpha-male! I wanted
to be his property. I wanted to belong to him.

And as if he knew of my desire, he spun around and finished marking me with
a stream of hot, golden piss which shot from his cock. He had held this arc
of liquid gold back from my earlier ingestion with the intent of drenching
me so that I would smell like his ass and his piss. Only then was I to be
given the privilege of entering his body with my cock and service the needs
of his inner body. This was no surrender on his part as I surrendered to
him. I knew instinctively that he would be in total control of my servicing
of his ass. And I felt that this was only meet and right to worship my
warrior/god. It was a fitting and proper way to achieve oneness with him.

Once he had me completely wetted down with his piss, he squatted down and
upon reaching my level, began to lick his hot piss from my body and to
taste his ass on my face. I could smell the hot, raunchy smell rising from
his crotch - simmering with the intense pheromones coming from his sweaty
balls as well as the reek from his pits. His overwhelming scent was making
me hornier and harder. My cock felt like it wanted to tear itself from my
body entirely. I needed him. I needed to shove my cock deep in his hot
jarhead butt and fuck him like a Marine needs to be fucked - HARD! I wanted
to fuck his ass by the rules I'd heard that Jarheads had about fucking:
Fuck It! Fuck It Hard! Fuck It Again! That's how I wanted to fuck this
warrior! Hard and again!

But Shawn had other ideas. He stood up, leaving me on my knees.

"Stay there!" he ordered.

I felt like I was an Irish Setter! But, the command nature of his voice
sent a thrill through me. I stayed.

He went over to the lounge chairs and dragged both of the cushions off them
and dragged them over to where I was. He lay them both out next to each
other forming a bed of sorts. He then walked back over to me and, taking me
by the shoulders, he pushed me down on my back on the cushions.

There I lay, my hard cock reaching for the sky and throbbing with each beat
of my heart. Shawn stood at my feet looking down at me. I could see his
cock was as hard as mine and his incredible warrior body gleamed in the sun
from his sweat. He truly from the angle I was looking at him looked like a
Warrior God! And it looked like I was the sacrifice. A very willing
sacrifice. But no virgin!

Shawn knelt down and immediately deep throated my cock. I groaned, almost
bending in half as I grabbed his head and spread my legs. Shawn continued
to move up and down on my cock until it and my crotch were soaked with his
spit. I wasn't sure what was going on until he stood up and straddled my
groin with his legs. Then I knew. I was going to fuck his ass - but he was
going to be in control.

Shawn did a deep squat and, reaching behind him, he took hold of my cock
and slowly slid his ass down it until his balls were resting on my crotch
hair. My cock slid into the hot wetness of his hole which gripped my me in
the tight sheath of ass. He settled there and then began to wiggle his ass
against my crotch. This caused my cock to stir around inside his ass which
felt so good I started groaning. Shawn looked down at me and gave me an
evil grin as he continued to move his ass around like a mixing machine.

Slowly, he began to move upward a few inches only to suddenly drop back
onto my crotch, driving my cock deeper into his fuck hole. I groaned
again. Shawn reached down and grabbed my nipples and began to squeeze
them. I moaned at the sharp pain but felt my cock become even harder in his
butt.

He continued to ride my cock, moving faster and faster up and down my
shaft. His hard cock bounced against his hard abs and left trails of
cock-snot against them. He stared deeply into my eyes as he pulled almost
off my cock, merely catching the ridge of the head by the lips of his hole
and then plunged down completely on my rigid cock. Each time he did this, I
raised my hips and drove my cock even harder and deeper into his hole. I
could feel the tight ball of his prostate rubbing against my cock as he
moved up and down. I could see the desire in his eyes. He wanted me. He
wanted my cock. He wanted me to cum in him and join us as one.

I was getting close. I couldn't hold back. I began to thrash under him, my
head involuntarily tossing from side to side. Finally, I knew I could not
hold back any longer. I looked up into his eyes and found him smiling down
at me, proud of himself for forcing me to cum when I didn't want to. I
opened my mouth, but no sound came out as I poured my seed into his willing
ass. I shuddered under him as I shot my jism as deep as I could in his ass.

But he didn't cum. As I finally stopped coming he with drew his cock from
my shaft and stood up. Moving to my feet, he knelt down, grabbed my ankles
and lifted them up and pushed my legs back until my ass was raised and
spread to his view. He rolled me back until I was resting on my shoulders
and he bent down and began to lick and suck at my ripe hole. He savored the
scent of my ass and then began to lick and suck at my hole, forcing his
tongue deep inside to taste the inner reaches of my ass. He drooled into my
hole, leaving it wet and dripping.

He lowered my legs, and placed the head of his cock at the opening of my
body. He milked his cock and his plentiful cock-snot flowed onto and into
my hole, lubing me even further. I watched him with some trepidation. I had
not been fucked this soon after cumming in a long time, but if he wanted my
ass - it belonged to him!

He pressed forward and, rather than powering forward as I expected, he
slowly and gently pushed his cock into my ass. His entry was so gentle that
I experienced no pain but only the joy of being joined to him and thrill of
once again accommodating him within my body. When his crotch hair tickled
my ass-lips and I knew he was buried to the hilt in my hole, he leaned
forward and kissed me deeply, shoving his tongue in my mouth and tasting
me. I could taste my ass on his tongue and I moaned at the taste. Then he
raised again and began to slowly fuck me, making sure that I derived
maximum pleasure from the movement of his massive cock against my
pleasure-knot.

"Yeah! Marine! Fuck that hole!" I moaned. "Fuck me HARD! Take my fucking
ass!"

He followed orders exactly! He began to pound my ass, snapping his hips
each time he drove forward to drive his cock as deeply in my ass as it
would go. He became an animal, breeding in rut. He slammed his cock harder
and faster into my body. And I loved every minute in it!

My cock, which had never gone soft, began to tingle. I suddenly realized
that I was going to cum again, without even touching myself. I began to
moan.

"Oh, God! Shawn! I'm going to cum!!!" I screamed out.

He grinned down at me.

"Cum, Babe! Shoot your load! I want to see you cum while I fuck the load
out of you!"

I looked into his eyes as he continued to pound my prostate with his
cock. Suddenly, I felt tears welling up, even as my orgasm built. I was
crying and cumming at the same time. Crying out of the tremendous joy I
felt at being one with this beautiful, gentle warrior. Knowing that the
last of the walls inside me which kept me from totally loving him were
gone. My heart sang in joy even as my cock spewed out my seed on my chest
and stomach.

Seeing my tears he leaned down and licked them away with his tongue and
then brought their saltiness to my lips. I reached up and slid my arms
around his neck as he kissed me deeply. He began to moan in my mouth and I
felt his cock harden and expand in my ass. I felt the tremors begin in his
body and felt his cock shiver as he shot his load deep inside me. He moaned
into my mouth and I clutched him to me. My tears continued to flow down my
cheeks as I became the vessel for his seed.

As his orgasm subsided, he relaxed on top of me and I wrapped my legs
around his waist. He buried his face in my neck and I stroked his head,
neck and shoulders, feeling his body gradually relax from all of his sexual
exertion. I felt him turn his head and begin to lick my neck, eventually
locking onto the skin and sucking hard, this time physically and visibly
marking me as his own. A shiver went through my body when he did this. I
wanted to be his. I wanted to be his alone. I wanted to be his alone
forever.

His cock finally grew soft and slipped from my well-used butt. He raised up
on his elbows and looked down at me.

"I can't help it. I know you've got some problems in the past. So have
I. Neither one of us trust very easily. But I swear to you, I love you. I
love you and I want you. And I promise I won't hurt you. I just want you to
be mine - now and always. Can you handle that?" he looked deeply into my
eyes ask he asked this.

"Yes, Shawn, I can. I know now that I want to by yours - always. We'll find
a way to work it out.  I don't ever want to lose you! That's what's really
scaring me now! How much I want you and how much I know it would hurt if I
ever lost you! But I'm willing to take that chance because I can't imagine
not having you in my life now." I swore to him.

"So what do we do now?" he asked.

"We go take a shower and go out to dinner." I said simply.

"No, I mean about us!" he growled.

"We don't do anything. There's nothing to do other than what we're
doing. We just love each other and take it one day at a time. There is no
other way to live life." I reached up and gently kissed his lips.

"Yeah! I guess you're right. I'm just always looking for what I need to
do." he said.

"Curse of the Marine Corps. You're too goal and task oriented. You've got
to learn to relax, Shawn." I counseled him.

"You teach me how." he smiled.

"With pleasure, Love. With pleasure!"

We went into the apartment and played in the shower for a while, washing
each other's bodies with loving hands and splashing a playing like little
boys.

We got dressed and went downstairs to the garage. We got into my black
'Vette and drove to dinner. We had beautiful steaks but barely noticed the
food. We were too busy just looking at each other. We then drove to the
theater.

As we walked toward the theater, we passed a jewelry store. Shawn stopped
to look in the window. I would have enjoyed looking but I suddenly had to
take a piss very badly. I told Shawn and he told me to go on upstairs to
the theater and he'd meet me up there. I went up to the theater and went to
the men's room. When I came out, Shawn was standing there waiting for me.
We went and got our tickets and went into the theater. We sat in the back
away from everybody and during the show, Shawn reached over and took my
hand and held it. It was such a shy and gentle thing to do. I don't think
I'd ever just held hands with a man in a darkened theater. It was so
romantic!

We both enjoyed the film. I was glad because it told me we also had a sense
of humor in common.  We drove back to the condo and Shawn asked me to take
a walk on the beach with him and I gladly went. Again, he reached for my
hand and held it while we walked. The moon was out and it lit the beach the
night we met - could it have only been last night? It seemed like I'd been
in love with him forever. And maybe I had been. Maybe I'd always loved him
and was only waiting for God to decide it was time for us to meet?

Shawn sat down in the sand near the water's edge and pulled me down with
him. As we sat there looking out at the water, he reached over and put his
arm around my shoulders. I snuggled up to him and he leaned down and gently
kissed my cheek.

We sat there silently for a while, just looking out at the water. Finally
Shawn broke the silence.

"I can't believe we just met here last night!" he echoed my own
thoughts. "I feel like I've known you all my life."

"I feel exactly the same way, Shawn. I know I've loved you all my life. I
was just waiting for you to show up!" I smiled up at him.

"I'm sorry I've been so long." he said. "But maybe I can make up some for
that with this...." he reached into his pocket and drew out a small black
box.

He opened the box and I saw laying there a beautiful ring with a faceted
stone. Taking a second look, I realized it was a faceted peridot, my August
birth stone!

"What is this?!" I was overwhelmed by this offering.

"It's for you. I know it's not much. I don't have all your money, but I
wanted you to have something from me that says we belong together. Is it
all right?" he asked.

I took the ring from the box and held it up to him.

"Put it on me. Please." I looked into his eyes, begging him with mine.

He took the ring and taking hold of my left hand, put the band of gold and
on my ring finger - just where a wedding band belonged. Then he raised my
hand to his lips and kissed the ring on my finger. There were tears in my
eyes again. I loved him so much and I was so happy at that moment. He let
go of my hand and, putting his arm around me, drew me to him and kissed me
deeply.

"You have made me the happiest man alive, Shawn." I said, breaking the
kiss. "And I love the ring. It will never come off my finger again. Unless
you take it off." I promised him.

"I want you to be my lover, my partner, whatever you want to call it. I
want to share my life with you. I know this is sudden, but I've never felt
so positive and right about anything in my entire life. I know what I want
and what I want is you - always beside me." Shawn swore to me.

"I want you for my lover and partner. I want to share my life and all that
I have with you. I promise to love you always." I vowed to him.

And with these words, I knew that we were as 'married' as if we'd been
married at the high altar of St. John the Divine Cathedral. We needed no
priest, no witnesses. The moon was our witness and God himself smiled down
at our love. For truly, God had made us for each other. It just took time
for us to find each other.

We went back to the condo and slowly undressed each other, planting kisses
on each other's bodies. We lay down on the bed but found that we did not
need to make love. Instead we fell asleep in each other's arms.



End of Part V.

I hope you like the story so far. Write me, if you do, at
rimpigfl@yahoo.com

And if you liked the story, why not make a contribution to the NIFTY site
to keep it free!

Thank you. RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Tue, 23 Oct 2001 19:53:54 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE ENCOUNTER IV

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

Marine Encounter - Part IV
by RimPig (c) 2001

After laying together for a while, we got up and took a shower
together. Shawn really loved my shower room and was especially enamored of
it in day-light with the sun streaming through the glass roof. We washed
each other and horsed around some in the shower and then we went out naked
onto the covered balcony overlooking the city and the beach and let the
warm air dry us naturally. I brought out more coffee onto the balcony and
we sat on the lounge chairs next to each other and watched the waves
rolling into the beach and the tourists gently roasting on towels and
blankets.

"So, soldier, what do you want to do today?" I asked.

"Fuck you several more times." he grinned at me.

"Well...if you think you can get it up that often!" I grinned back. "But I
was referring to non- sexual activities."

"I don't know. Just lying here and watching the ocean seems like enough for
now!" he said, reaching over and taking my hand, brought it to his lips and
gently kissed my fingers.

"I was thinking you'd like to see a movie and maybe go out to dinner?" I
suggested.

"Yeah, that sounds cool. I don't know what's playing though. And I haven't
been around long enough to know any good restaurants.  And I'm sure you
weren't thinking of dining at the Golden Arches!" he laughed.

"No, I love bathing in the Golden Shower, but not eating at the Golden
Arches." I leered at him.

"Well, you keep pouring this coffee down me, and you'll get your shower
quicker than you expect!" he informed me.

"Well...I do have a movie I'd very much like you to see. I saw it last week
and just laughed my ass off! And I want to see it again. And don't worry, I
know every good restaurant in this town.  You just tell me what cuisine you
want, and I know the best place to go." I assured him.

"Ok, but that's the problem. I don't think there's any kind of food I don't
like! Just so long as there's plenty of it!" he stated.

"Well, you're young, male and you're a Jarhead, so that's normal. I take it
you especially like large hunks of meat that are burned over an open
flame?" I suggested.

"Yeah! Now you're talking!" he enthused.

"Well, that settles that - Houston's it is for dinner. Best steak you can
get for the price." I stated.

"And what about this movie? What's it about?" he asked.

"I want that to be a surprise, Ok? I will tell you the name of it is SORDID
LIVES and two of the stars in it are Delta Burke and Beau Bridges. It is a
comedy. And that's all I'm going to tell you."  I stated.

"Ok! Have your little secret. But if you're willing to see it for the 2nd
time, it must be good." he said.

"It is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen." I promised him. "So what
do you want to do until then?"

"I don't know. Do you have anything you want to do?" he asked.

"Well, I would love to have you sit on my face and suck on your ass for a
few hours, but there's something important we need to discuss." I said with
a more serious look on my face.

"Important, huh? Is this good or bad?" he asked.

"I don't know. I guess it's all in how you look at it." I informed
him. "What I want to discuss," I continued. "Is where you are going to
sleep for the next month. I know you have a hotel room.  How long did you
rent it for?"

"I only rented it for a week. I figured I'd take it a week at a time -
whether I was going to stay in Ft. Lauderdale or go home." he said.

"Well, then you wouldn't be out much money if you moved out today and moved
your stuff in here for the rest of your leave." I stated.

"Bobby...is that what you REALLY want?" he questioned me. "You aren't
afraid you're setting yourself up to be hurt again?"

"Yes. It is what I REALLY want!" I swore. "And I probably am setting myself
up - but I don't give a fuck! I can't put my walls back up with you
now. You've seen too much of the 'real' me. I figure at this point, if you
were going to run, you'd have done it hours ago." I hung my head at making
this admission.

He reached over and lifted my chin with his hand.

"I'm not going anywhere, babe. I'm not going to take the chance that this
is all a dream and I'll wake up alone again." he whispered and then he
pressed his closed lips to mine in a gentle, loving kiss.

I looked into his eyes and saw there such love, but also still some pain. I
guess we both had 'baggage' that we needed to deal with. Old pain that
maybe we could cure in each other. At least I was more than willing to try.

"Ok, then let's get dressed and go get your stuff." I said, trying to
change the mood before I embarrassed myself by crying.

But as I stood up to go inside, Shawn blocked my path. He reached out an
put his hands on my shoulder.

"I want you to believe me when I tell you, I will never knowingly do
anything to hurt you. I really do care about you. I just want to make you
happy." he quietly told me. Then he pulled me forward and into his arms.

That did it! I leaned my head on his muscular chest and the tears poured
from my eyes. And as I sobbed against him, he held me, stroking my hair and
gently kissing my head. After a few minutes, I managed to pull myself
together.

"I'm sorry." I apologized.

"For what, babe? All that pain has to come out sometime. Let me take it all
away from you." he murmured in my ear.

I pulled back and looked into his beautiful emerald eyes.

"You know, I think you may be the one person who could do that!"

At this, we kissed gently and then he opened his arms and let me go.

It only took us a little while to go to his hotel room and get his
stuff. There was really only a duffle bag full. I knew the hotel. It wasn't
gay-owned but was, you might say, "gay friendly". This means that most of
the people who work there and most of the people who stay there are gay. Or
very open-minded. In fact, the guy working the front desk turned out to be
the lover of an old friend of mine. While Shawn was packing up his gear, he
and I had a little conversation and Shawn was very surprised to find that
he got a refund on most of the un-used days he'd payed for.

We took his things back to my apartment where I quickly moved some things
around in my closet and some drawers in my armoire so that he had a place
to put his clothes. Finishing this, I suggested we walk down the beach to a
little gay-run hotel I knew of and have lunch outside overlooking the beach
and A1A. Afterward, we took a walk down the beach and investigated some of
the shops. Finally, in the late afternoon, we ended up back at the
apartment again, sitting naked on the balcony and watching the ocean.

As each hour had passed, I noticed something about Shawn that I hadn't been
aware of before.  He seemed to be more and more relaxed as time went on. I
hadn't noticed the tenseness in him before, but as he began to let go of
it, it became noticeable. I was very gratified at this, knowing that
somehow he was becoming comfortable with me, with being in my place, with
us being together. As we sat, there was silence between us. Not the
uncomfortable silence of not knowing what to say but the comfortable
silence of two people who knew each other well enough that continuous
conversation was no longer necessary.

I decided I would take a short nap before we went out to dinner. I hadn't
really slept all that much last night, what with all the sex and the fact
that it had been a very long time since I had someone else sleeping in my
bed with me. I had no idea how difficult that was to get used to! But I
knew that it was something that I really wanted and just figured that I
would find a way to get used to it eventually. Certainly, it wasn't the
most awful thing to have to get used to - having a hard, warm Marine in
your bed!

"Shawn," I said, "I'm feeling a little tired. I think I'm going in an take
a nap. You can lie here or do whatever you want. I just like to get some
rest before we go out."

"You know, that's sounds like a really good idea!" he answered. "Neither
one of us got much sleep last night thanks to your insatiable sex drive!"
he chuckled.

"MY SEX DRIVE!!!" I all but screamed. "This from a MARINE!!! It wasn't me
that decided at 4am that he wanted to get fucked!"

"No, that was you about 3:15 am!" he was almost falling off the lounge
chair now, he was laughing so hard.

"Ok. Have it your way! But I'm going to get some sleep!" I could barely
keep from falling over laughing myself as I wound my way towards the
bedroom.

I was about to get into bed when I was hit from behind by a flying tackle
which carried this hunk of a Marine and me rolling onto the bed. I ended up
with him pinning my arms down to the bed from above me while he ground his
crotch into mine, all the while grinning like the cat who swallowed the
canary! For no explainable reason (he either decided to play "Dog" or that
my face had turned into candy) he began licking my face all over with his
tongue. I started with the tip of my nose, then moved onto my
forehead. Then he trailed down my right cheek and followed the line of my
jaw to where he was licking and lightly nibbling on my chin before going up
the left cheek and ending up on my forehead again. I thought he was done,
but no! Next he began licking all inside the folds of my ears and as far
into the ear canal as his tongue could reach and, while erotic, it also
tickled! I tried to squirm away from his aggressive tongue but there was no
escape from the Mad Licking Marine! (Or should I say: MAN Licking Marine?)
At any rate, after thoroughly cleaning out my ears with his tongue he again
looked down at me, grinning like a naughty little boy.

I could do nothing at that point but grin back at him. It was like we had
both suddenly returned to childhood with the same innocense and fun of just
being together. We were no longer two naked adult males grinding out sweaty
bodies against each other as a prelude to intense sexual activity.  We were
just two naked little boys, wrestling on the bed, having fun. 'Messing
Around' as I remember we called it then. Maybe little boys still do call it
that.

Then he leaned down and I thought he was going to kiss me. But instead, he
did something that no one had ever done to me before. He reached out his
tongue and began to lick inside each of my nostrils. Now, he'd already
licked the outside of my nose, but nobody had ever licked inside! It was a
very strange and yet very sensual feeling. At first, I had what was
probably a lot of guy's first reaction to being rimmed for the first
time. But, after all, I quickly thought to myself, I loved sticking my
tongue up his ass and certainly loved it when he did it to me! What was my
problem with this? Embarrassment that he might find 'buggers' up there? He
must certainly know that was a possibility when he went there in the first
place! I decided to stop thinking about this and just lay back and enjoy
it. It didn't really last that long. But is was probably the most intimate
thing a man had ever done to me!

He drew back again, his arms straight and resting on his hands that still
held my wrists above my head, and looked down at me. It was like he was
memorizing my face or using his "X-Ray Vision" to look through me into my
very soul. It was a penetrating and intense stare. I lay there, grinning up
at him, wondering what was going to happen next.

What happened next was nothing that I would have expected. He slowly
lowered himself, still gripping my wrists above my head, until my body was
covered with his and his face was buried in between my head and my left
arm. But rather than relax, I felt him go rigid and then I felt him
tremble. The next thing I knew, he was softly crying. I couldn't move my
hands to put my arms around him and so I moved my face closer until I was
touching the side of his head. I didn't say a word, just slowly and gently
rubbed my face against him.

After a while, he calmed down. He turned his face towards me, his eyes
rimmed red and still glistening with his tears.

"Some Marine, I am!" his voice still husky with emotion. "Crying like a
baby!"

"I don't mind it. It shows a vulnerable side of you that I could definitely
fall in love with." I whispered. "Was it something I did?" I wondered out
loud.

"No! It was something I did!" he growled and then turned his face away, so
that it was pressed against the inside of my arm which he still held above
my head.

"Don't lock me out, Shawn. Please?" I begged him. "Don't turn away. Tell me
what's wrong."

He let go of my hands, got up from on top of me, got off the bed and walked
over to the french doors leading to the balcony. He opened them and stood
there in the doorway, looking out at the ocean. I didn't say a word. I just
got up off the bed and went over and stood next to him. I knew he would
tell me when he was ready.

"I was 17. It was before I got messed up with Cheryl - or fell into here
trap is more like it. There was this guy named Tim. He was a junior and I
was a senior and the quarterback of the football team. He was a cute kid,
kind of short and slight with red hair and blue eyes. Almost as deep as
yours. He kept working out and I knew he wanted to get on the football
team, but he was too small. I also knew that he liked me a lot. In fact, he
almost seemed to worship me, but I was too stupid at the time to realize
that he had the hots for me and was actually in love with me. I was too
lost in my own confusion over what I wanted to really notice that about
him.

"Anyway, I kind of felt sorry for him - wanting to be on the team that bad
and all - so one day in the weight room, I started talking to him. You'd
have thought I'd just given the kid a million dollars they way he lit up! I
asked him about his workout routine and showed him some new exercises to
build up more muscle on him. I worked him hard, but he kept up with me. I
was impressed at his willingness.

"I finally called a halt to the workout and we hit the steam room
together. We continued to talk about the team and it was then I suggested
that even with his small build, there was one position he might be able to
fill on the team - the kicker. It was evidently something that he'd never
thought of and he got very excited. I guess his excitement was catching
because before you knew it, there we were, out on the empty football field
with me teaching him how to place-kick a football!

"He seemed to have a natural aptitude for it, because before I knew it, he
was a member of the team. That was the year we went to the regional
championships. It was a very tough game. We were in the last quarter and
the game was tied. Their defensive line was made up of the biggest, ugliest
guys I'd ever seen in my life. They'd already managed to sack me four
times. And I hadn't been sacked all year!

"I couldn't get any closer than 35 yards out when the clock ran down to
almost the end. We had one more play to run. I called our last time out and
went over to talk to Coach. I didn't think we could rush against this line
and reach the goal and by that time my arm was so sore from playing the
entire game that I couldn't trust it enough to control a pass down
field. There was only one hope to pull this one out without having to go
into overtime. A field goal. But we were on the 35 yard line which made it
a 40 to 45 yard field goal. Now, Tim was good. But he'd never been called
on to make a kick like this.

"Coach called Tim over and asked him if he thought he could do it. Tim said
he'd been practicing and had made several 45 yard goals. But that was in
practice. Not in a game situation. But Tim wanted to give it a try. I was
all for it, and told Coach that I'd hold the ball for him. Tim smiled up at
me when I said that. I didn't understand why, until later.

"Well, not to drag this thing out, Tim made the winning goal. We won the
regional championship and everything should have been great. And it would
have been except we were 300 miles from home and we had to stay overnight.

"We didn't have overnight stays after games normally. So when this came up,
since we were friends, Coach had assigned Tim and I to share a room. After
the win, we went out and celebrated. Some of us more than others. Some of
the guys had gotten beer and booze and there were several parties going on
back at the motel. I managed to get myself major blitzed and finally
stumbled back to the room.

"There had been a fuck up in the reservations and the room only had one
queen sized bed in it.  Looking back now, it was kind of prophetic! Anyway,
I stripped like I was at home and climbed into bed naked. Tim was already
in bed asleep, so I figured it didn't much matter. Besides, we'd seen each
other naked enough times in the locker room and showers. He was wearing
very tight white briefs which seemed to register on my brain as really sexy
looking. At least the fabric stretched across his tight ass looked sexy
because I started getting a major boner!

"Now, that was a problem. I didn't exactly feel comfortable 'taking matters
in hand' with somebody else in the bed. So I lay there and tried to go to
sleep. And I probably could have, except that Tim started to get restless
in his sleep and was moving around. He finally moved back so that his tight
little butt was crushed right up against my hardon! I didn't know what to
do, but I figured he was asleep so he wouldn't notice.

"I couldn't have been more wrong. The next thing I know, Tim is wiggling
that tight little bubble butt of his right up against my cock and my cock
is dripping cock-snot all down his ass crack through his briefs. How I was
going to explain that one, I didn't know. I just knew that I wanted him
right then more than anything else I'd ever wanted in the world. I wanted
to shove my cock up that ass and fuck him 'til I couldn't keep it up
anymore.

"Tim finally turned over. As I had suspected from his movements, he hadn't
been asleep. He looks down at my dripping dork and then looks right at me
and tells me 'You can fuck me if you want to. I'd love you to. I've always
wanted you to.'"

"I lost it then. I didn't care what happened. I was going to have him and
have him NOW! I pulled him against me and the next thing I know I've got my
mouth plastered against his and my tongue shoved half way down his
throat. I licked his body all over. I sucked his cock and I even ate his
hole - two things I'd never done in my life. I got so carried away, I ended
up licking his face and inside his nose, just like I just did to you. You
and Tim were the only ones I'd ever done that to in my whole life. That's
what brought all this back."

He seemed to slump against the doorway, like he'd finally relieved himself
of an incredibly heavy burden. I waited for him to go on, but he seemed
unable to continue. He just stood there staring out at the ocean. Finally,
I figured he needed help getting the rest out.

"So what happened between you and Tim?" I quietly asked him.

His face grimaced and he seemed unable to speak for a few moments. Finally
he began again.

"I fucked him 'till I couldn't stand up! At least 5 times that night. And
when that wasn't enough, I sucked his cock and finally let him fuck me.  It
was the most wonderful experience I'd ever had in my life up 'til then. I
knew that this was what I wanted, had always wanted and would always
want. I knew right there and then that there could never be anything more
passionate, more intense, more right than making love to another guy.

"That's something that I always loved about booze - its ability to bring
out your emotions while your brain was dead! I didn't think, I didn't
realize that there was a dawn coming where the light of day would remind me
that guys aren't allowed to think, feel or act this way with other guys. I
spent that whole night wrapped in the arms of another guy who loved me and
finally knew who I was, what I was and what I really wanted out of
life. Nothing more than what I found in that queen sized bed in a cheap
motel that night. The beautiful feeling of making love to a male that I
knew loved me. Too bad I just didn't die right there and then. I would have
been totally fulfilled and happy."

He stopped again. He hung his head and tears started to roll down his
cheeks again. He swiped at them with the back of his hand and walked out
onto the balcony and leaned on the balustrade. I moved with him, at first
concerned that he might do something stupid like jump. After all, we were
on the 24th floor. But when I walked up to him, he reached out and put his
arm around me pulling me to him. He wrapped both his arm around my
shoulders and leaned his head on me.

"You've got to promise me something or I can't finish this. You've got to
promise me that no matter what you hear, you won't hate me. Promise me you
won't tell me to leave." he begged.

"I won't hate you, no matter what you did. I don't ever want you to leave
so there's no chance that I will tell you to. Besides, it obvious to me
that no one could hate you as much as you hate yourself over this." I
answered.

He hugged me tighter and then let me go. He walked further down the balcony
and sat down at a caf^� table. I sat down next to him.

"Please go on, Shawn. I know this is painful, but you've got to get past it
- WE'VE got to get past it. We can't build a life with all this pain hidden
away. It will destroy you. It will destroy us, or any possibility of there
being an 'us'. Whatever it is, you've got to tell me. Please, Shawn. I
won't hate you. I won't judge you. I love you." I pleaded with him.

"Ok." he answered, but his voice was flat again, like he was just reporting
the actions of someone else.

"The next morning, I woke up and he was in my arms. I had a horrible
hangover and my head was throbbing. I looked down and here I was naked in
bed with another guy. A beautiful guy who I had made love with and had even
let him make love to me. But I didn't know what to say to him now. I didn't
know how to handle all this. I had tried so hard for so long to bury any of
these feelings that I had successfully managed to completely divorce myself
from them. Until that night.  But I blamed the alcohol and I blamed Tim for
seducing me! What a laugh!!! If he hadn't woken up and given me permission
to fuck him, it would have been rape! I know that now, but that morning I
wanted desperately to go back to never knowing how it felt, never knowing
what it was like to have sex with another guy.

"I think Tim realized some of what I was going through. He pulled back from
me and let me have space. We got on the team bus and went home. That next
week at school, I avoided Tim completely. I didn't want to see him. I
didn't want to think about him. But, of course, I could think about nothing
else. I would dream about him at night. Dream of making love to him and
wake up with a puddle of cum in my bed.

"It was then I got the brilliant idea of making myself 'normal' again by
getting involved with a girl. That's where Cheryl came in. She'd been after
me for months. She wasn't the least bit subtle about it. She let me know in
no uncertain terms that she wanted to fuck my brains out. So I finally
asked her out. We were supposed to go to a movie and, instead, ended up in
the pool house behind her house fucking. She sucked my cock and I fucked
her. It was the most dissatisfying sex I'd ever had. When she sucked me, I
compared her to Tim and she wasn't 1/10th as good. When I fucked her, I
remembered Tim's hot, tight butt and her pussy couldn't even compare. But
she had one advantage. She made me look normal.

"Of course, I wasn't normal. I was a fucking faggot and I knew it. And to
make matters worse, I finally saw Tim. I'd gone to the locker room to clean
out my locker. Suddenly Tim was there, also cleaning out his locker. I
didn't know what to say. I didn't know what to do. Tim looked over at me
and it was like this bolt of lightening went through me. All of a sudden, I
wanted him so bad. I wanted to touch him, taste him, make love to him. But
I knew that if I did that, it would start all over again.

"So instead, I started verbally abusing him. Started calling him names like
'fag' and 'cocksucker' and told him that if he ever came near me I'd beat
the shit out of him. He just stood there an took it. I saw tears in his
eyes, but he never said a word. Instead, I felt like I was a piece of
shit. I got so angry that I finally struck out. I hit him full in the face
with my fist. He hadn't done or said a thing, but I wanted to kill him. I
wanted to kill my feelings for him inside myself, but I was willing to kill
him instead.

"I started beating him and it was only because Coach heard all the ruckus
and came and pulled me off him that I didn't kill him. When Coach asked
what had happened, I told Coach that Tim had tried to make a pass at me -
had felt me up. It was a total lie, but who was Coach going to believe? Me,
his Championship winning quarterback or Tim, who was small, slight and
looked like he could be gay.

"I don't have to tell you what happened. It got all over school and Tim's
reputation was destroyed. He was verbally and physically abused. Finally,
he left school and the state. I never saw him again. The rest you know. I
ended up with Cheryl and was the loser all the way around. I joined the
Corps to get away from everything and to allow me a chance to find out who
I really was. I slept with a lot of guys. But life wasn't ever better
because I couldn't admit who I really was - either to myself or anyone
else. To me, I had lost all right to call myself a man." he hung his head.

"Did you ever try to find Tim?" I quietly asked.

"Yes, but no luck. I never heard where he moved. So I don't even know where
to start." he confessed.

"I need to ask you one thing. I know I don't have a right to pry like this,
and if you don't want to answer that's all right..." I started.

"Bullshit! There's nobody who has more right to ask questions than you!
You're not 'prying'! I want you to know everything!" he insisted.

"Ok. Then what I really want to know is how you feel about Tim?" I asked,
with great trepidation.

"I feel horribly sorry and very guilty. I feel like I owe him something for
making his life miserable but I can't think of what I could possibly do to
make it up to him." he said.

"No," I pressed. "That's not what I mean."

He looked at me questioningly for several moments and then like a
light-bulb went off over his head, he got it.

"Oh! I get it! Do I 'love' Tim?" he all but shouted. "No! I never loved
Tim. I had the hots for him. I loved fucking him! But I didn't love
him. There's only one man I've ever met in my life that I thought I could
love. Love, to me, isn't something that happens in bed. It either happens
before or after bed. Tim and I were friends. I was attracted to him
physically. But there is a 'spark' that either happens or it doesn't
between two people. It just didn't happen with Tim. It's only happened once
so far. But, like I've always believed it would, I felt it instantly. The
spark was there and I knew. This was somebody that I could really love and
could spend my life with. I have to say, it's the most wonderful feeling in
the world." he looked at me and there was a shy smile on his face.

"And who was this that you had the spark with?" I asked, wondering what
other revelations there were going to be from his past.

"You mean you don't know?" he looked at me skeptically. "You really don't
know?!"

"If I knew, I wouldn't have to ask, would I!" my voice filled with
exasperation.

He looked at me and a grin broke out on his face. Then he started to laugh.

"What the fuck is so funny?!" I said, feeling foolish and getting angry - a
typical and lethal combination.

He finally stopped laughing and just looked at me. Then he did something
totally and completely unexpected. He got down on his knees next to my
chair. He took my hand in his and, looking up into my eyes, he gently said,
"You."



End of Part IV

If you liked the story and want it to continue, write me at
rimpiglf@yahoo.com

Don't bother writing because there was no sex in this part. Relationships
aren't based on sex, but on people learning to trust and care about each
other. And that's what I write about. If you just want to get off, there
are plenty of other stories among the more than 35,000 on this site to do
that.

And if you want this site to continue as a free site, please consider
making a contribution. Thanks!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Wed, 17 Oct 2001 20:45:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE ENCOUNTER - PART III

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

Marine Encounter - Part III
by RimPig (c) 2001

As we lay there recovering, Shawn's cock was still buried deep in my
ass. Personally, I had no intention of relinquishing it any time soon. In
fact, I considered it a part of my body now. Or, at least, my property!
Certainly nobody needed it or treated it as good as I could! But, I
reasoned, Shawn might want to disagree with that.

Shawn face was buried in my shoulder and I could feel the heat his body was
generating.  Together, we had become a rather sweaty pile of
maleness. Certainly the aroma's being generated by our bodies was certainly
heady. Shawn made as if to withdraw his cock from my butt and I quickly put
my heels into his ass cheeks and pushed him back in.

"You gotta let me out sometime!" he begged. "Besides, I've gotta take a
wicked piss! All that beer has really filled me up."

"Why do you have to pull out to take a piss?" I asked, looking innocently
up at him.

"You think you can hold all of it?" he looked at me with an evil grin.

"I think I can. And besides, who cares if I can't. We'll wash it down the
drain eventually anyway."  I replied reasonably.

"Ok, but just remember - you asked for it!" he warned me.

I felt his cock begin spurting in my butt and I could feel the warmth and
fullness as his cock spewed his hot load of piss up my ass. I loved the
feeling. It was, without doubt, one of my favorite feelings. Right behind
being fucked into oblivion and being pissed all over by someone I was
totally in love with. Come to think of it, I'd already had the first two
already!

"Oooh! That feels so good!" I moaned as Shawn continued to fill my hole
with his hot piss.

"Well, I'm only happy to oblige!" Shawn grinned at me. "I had no idea that
just taking a piss could cause someone such pleasure."

"Only because it's your piss, soldier! You're the only one who gets to do
this." I vowed.

"And what are you going to do for a hot piss bath when I go back home?" he
asked.

"Who said you're going anywhere. You told me you had only started a month
long leave!" I insisted.

"Well, I did. But that's gonna come to an end. And I'll have to go back to
base." he stated.

"Shawn, I can't deal with that tonight. Let's talk about it in a few
days. Let's just take things slowly between us." I begged.

"Slow! We've already fucked our brains out!" he smirked.

"Well, that's only normal." I stated. "You know how it is with guys. We
need to get the sex over with first so that we can talk, learn about each
other and fall in love."

"So when does the falling in love begin?" He asked quietly.

"What makes you think it hasn't already?" I said, reaching up and pulling
his lips down to mine.

We lay there, deeply locked in each other's embrace. I knew that I was in
love with this Marine.  And I thought that there was every chance that he
was falling in love with me. But how we were going to work out this
relationship, I didn't yet know.

After a while, Shawn pulled up and looked down at me.

"I'm getting stiff and cold. Can we take a shower now?" He spoke almost
like a little boy who was having a most unpleasant time.

"Of course. But, you'll have to remove your cock from my ass in order to do
that. And I'm afraid, when you do, there's going to be a large gush of piss
fly out of my ass. So I would suggest you might want to get out of the
way." I informed him.

"I'm not afraid to get some piss on me. You just let go and I'll take care
of myself." he laughed.

"Ok, don't say I didn't warn you."

As soon as he pulled his cock from my ass, I relaxed my hole and a spray of
piss began flowing out of my ass. What I didn't expect was Shawn kneeling
down at the end of the bench and letting himself be drenched with his own
warm piss, his cum and my ass juices. He even closed his eyes and pushed
his face into the spew from my butt. As the flow began to slow, he brought
his face closer and sucked the last of his piss, cum and my ass juices into
his mouth and continued to push his tongue deep into my hole. I moaned at
the intensity of the feeling. Then he raised up and bent over the bench and
locked his lips with mine. He shared with me a mouthful of the spew from my
butt. Out tongues danced in and out of each other's mouths while we both
swallowed the warm mixture.  "So, why don't you show me how this crazy
shower works?" Shawn said, pulling me up from the bench.

I walked over to the wall and opened a panel, behind which as a series of
switches. I threw most of them and suddenly the room was full of flowing
water, light and the sound of the stereo system. Now "old blue eyes" was
singing some of his hits from the late 40's - romance the way it used to
be. Shawn took me in his arms and we were slowly dancing beneath the
showering water.  I grabbed some soap and we began to lather each other's
bodies, learning with out hands the curves and angles of each
other. Finally, we left the shower room and I shut off the water and
lights. We went back into the main bath suite and I started the whirlpool.

We climbed into the warm, bubbling water and Shawn took me into his arms. I
sat on his lap, facing him. I could feel his cock beneath me becoming hard
again. I was in perfect position if he wanted to try fucking in the
whirlpool. But instead, he held and stroked me while saying nothing.  He
seemed to have become quiet and withdrawn. I didn't know what it was he was
thinking about but decided to leave it alone until he was ready to talk
about it.

Finally, before we both became prunes, I looked at Shawn and asked if he
wanted something to eat. I, myself, was famished after all the strenuous
play with this glorious warrior and I was pretty sure that he needed fuel
as well.

Saying he could eat a large animal of some sort, I went into the dressing
room off the bath suite and handed him a deep green cotton-terry robe
(which went so nicely with his eyes!) and chose a sapphire colored one for
myself. I took him to the kitchen and again heard him marvel at the size of
the room. Again, my architect had created for me what I wanted - a truly
magnificent work space where I could create cuisine with professional grade
equipment. I loved to cook. It was one of the things I shared with my
mother. Cooking always makes me feel closer to her.

Knowing that most Marines are not used to any kind of exotic cuisine
(unless you consider K- rations exotic) I kept it simple. I grilled Shawn a
very large bacon cheeseburger with 'the works' and some steak-fries. I
fixed myself a small salad and some angel-hair pasta with roasted garlic
and olive oil. We ate quietly, expect for when Shawn claimed that I had
made him the most delicious hamburger he'd ever had in his life.

Finally, we moved back to the bedroom and lay in bed in each others
arms. It was at this point that Shawn finally opened up about what was
keeping him so quiet.

"So where do we go from here?" he asked.

"I don't know. Where do you want to go?" I threw the ball back in his
court.

"I want to spend as much time with you as you can stand me." he stated.

"Well...that would be kind of nice. At least I might get to learn something
about you then!" I said.

"What do you mean?" he looked wounded.

"Well...I've told you about all there is to know about my life but I don't
know anything about yours." I stated.

"There's not a lot to tell really." he said evasively.

"Don't give me that! I want to know everything. What your parents are like,
whether you have any brothers or sisters, what you were like growing up,
how you almost got married, everything!"

"Ok, ok. My parents are really good people. My Dad is a mechanic and mom
has been a housewife all her life. I don't have any brothers or
sisters. Growing up I was somewhat of a hell raiser which is probably why I
became a Marine. As to how I almost got married, I've already told you most
of that. Her name is Cheryl. She was a cheerleader in high school, if that
gives you a picture, and was a spoiled brat who always got her way - until
now. That's why she's so mad - not because she loved me because she
didn't. She just figured that I was 'controllable" so I would make a good
husband. You know, I don't even remember asking her to marry me! It was
like she just assumed it and the next thing I knew, she'd picked out a ring
for me to buy her and she'd set a date for the wedding. It almost worked,
too. I'm just lucky I woke up to what was happening before it went too
far!" he confessed.

"What do you think your parents would say if they found out that you were
gay? And that you had a lover?" I asked.

"I really don't know. I think Mom would be OK with it eventually. She'd
just want to be sure I was happy. Dad would be a whole different
situation. I don't know how he'd take it. I've never heard him say anything
bad about gay people. But I've never heard him say anything about gay
people at all. But the real question is...do I care what they think? And
the answer to that is - No!"  he vowed.

"You don't care at all?" I asked, unable to believe that this was really
true.

"Ok, I'd care, but it wouldn't change anything. All my life I've tried to
live up to what everybody expected of me. I'm tired of that crap! I have a
right to be happy. And from now on, I'm doing what makes me happy with
myself." he all but growled.

"Yeah, I understand that. And I agree with you. You have the right to be
happy and you should be able to be who you want and need to be." I said,
running my hand over his bristly hair. "But what is it that you want? Who
do you want to be? What would make you happy?" I asked.

"That's simple. I want someone to love who loves me. Someone who wants to
build a life with me. Someone who needs me. Someone who I know I can depend
on through good times and bad.  I want a partner, a lover and a friend. And
the more time that passes, I become more and more convinced that I was
right to begin with - What I want is you!" he said, looking straight into
my eyes. "So what do you want?" he confronted me.

"I'll just say ditto. You described everything that I want. And, against my
usual reluctance to become involved with anyone, I agree that you seem to
be that person for me." I lowered my head, unable to look him in the eye,
afraid of what his reaction might be.

He took me in his arms and kissed my forehead.

"Then that takes care of that. So lets get some sleep and start building
this partnership in the morning. What do you say?" he asked.

"Sounds like a plan to me, soldier!" I said, snuggling into his chest and
rapidly falling asleep.

The next morning, I woke before Shawn. Realizing that I'd probably worn him
out the night before, I got up and went to the kitchen and put coffee on to
perk. Then I went about making breakfast. Again, keeping it simple, I
wanted to do eggs, but I had no idea how Shawn like his eggs. This led to
the thought that I didn't know how he liked his coffee either! In fact, I
was falling in love with a man that I hardly knew at all! This brought back
some of my fears about becoming involved with someone but I strongly pushed
them back down. I told myself I had time to learn about Shawn and these
questions would be answered. I at least knew that Shawn felt the same way
about me.

As the coffee continued to perk, I decided to make omelets to solve the
problem of how he liked his eggs. As I stood at the stove beginning to
saute mushrooms, onions with red, yellow and green peppers for the omelets,
I suddenly felt warm arms around my chest and a hard cock pressing into the
crack of my naked butt. Shawn leaned down and nibbled on that place where
my neck and shoulder joined. A shiver went through me and I moaned.

"Well, you're finally 'up', huh, soldier?" I said.

"Mmmm!" he moaned into my neck.

I spun around in his arms and putting my arms around his neck, I lifted my
face to his for a morning kiss. He passionately kissed me while stroking
down my body with his hands and cupping my butt.

"Good morning." he said, pulling his face away to look down at me.

"Yes, it is a good morning! Waking up beside you is a most enjoyable
experience!" I said.

"Sleeping with you is very difficult!" he informed me.

"What!? Why???" I sputtered.

"Well, I'd wake up every hour or so and feel your beautiful butt pressed up
against my cock and I'd want to fuck you all over again! Trust me, it's
something I could get very used to!" he laughed.

I smiled back.

"Yeah, well I'd lay there and I could smell the scent of your body and my
cock would get so hard and I'd want to lick your entire body!" I giggled.

"So can we skip breakfast for a while and go back to bed? I'd rather make
love to you right now than eat." he said, pressing his hard cock against me
and rubbing it on my body, leaving cock-snot on me.

I turned off the stove.

He again lifted me in his arms and carried me to the bedroom. I was again
impressed at his strength. Carrying me seemed to be almost of no effort for
him at all. He lay me on the bed and I stretched out my arms and legs and
offered myself to him. He stood beside the bed just looking down at me,
drinking in my body with his eyes.

"You are so beautiful!" he said.

"No," I said, "It's you who are so beautiful! Please, make me yours again!"

He climbed above me and began to run his tongue over my chest. He reached
my nipples and locked his lips around them and suck hard on them. I moaned
and my back arched, driving my tit into his mouth. He reached his hands
behind my back and continued to hold me against his mouth and sucking even
harder. He gently lowered me to the bed again, pushing my arms above my
head and locking my wrists together in his hand. He than attacked my pits
with his lips and tongue. He sucked on the puffs of hair under my arms and
I could hear him deeply breathing in the scent of my armpits. I moaned a
writhed beneath him as he continued to lick and suck at my pits.

Finally, having sucked all the scent that he could from them, he moved on
down the trunk of my body, dragging his tongue over my abs and running it
into my belly-button. I giggled at the ticklish feeling of his tongue
licking in my navel. He then began sucking on my treasure trail as he
headed south to my groin. He buried his nose in my pubic hair and I could
hear him snorting in the ripeness there. He growled deep in his throat as
he took in more and more of my crotch scent.

Leaving my cock alone, he dipped lower and began snorting at my balls. He
absorbed the raunchy scent of my 'nads and began bathing my balls with his
tongue. I moaned and tossed my body on the bed. But my Marine wasn't
finished. He had not reached his true objective. Finally he put his hands
under my thighs and raised my legs up and back until my ass was at the
level of his mouth and nose. He shoved his nose into the crack of my butt
and began to snort the ripeness deep into his lungs. He moaned at the
raunchy scent he found there and began bathing my trench with his
tongue. Up and down my butt-crack he dragged his tongue, stopping only to
make a special circle around my ass lips. Finally, he locked his lips
around my pucker and began sucking on my ass lips while shoving his tongue
into my raunchy hole. A hole that had been filled with his cock, his cum
and his piss the night before. He licked deeply in my hole, tasting up
inside my ass and moaning into the cavity. I was moaning, too, and relaxing
my hole so that he could reach even farther up my ass. I could feel him
moving his tongue rapidly in and out of my hole, fucking me. But I wanted
something bigger - something harder - up my butt.

He raised up on his knees and spit into his hand and began to coat his cock
with his spit. He grabbed my ankles in his hand and put his cock at the
opening to my body. I reached forward and began to stroke his abs, begging
him to fuck me. He answered by snapping his hips forward and burying his
cock in my ass. I moaned at a quick bolt of pain which was followed by a
feeling of complete fullness and attachment to Shawn! I was again a part of
him! And extension of his cock - another body hanging at the end of his
manhood. He stayed still within me, allowing my butt to become used to his
size and width. Then he began to vigorously drive his cock in and out of my
body. I lay there in ecstasy, throwing my head back and forth as he
massaged my prostate with his rapidly moving cock. I reached up for him,
begging silently to bend forward and kiss me while he bred me. This he did,
releasing my ankles and bending forward onto his hands and lowering his
head until our mouths locked in a deep, piercing kiss. His tongue invaded
my mouth and I sucked on it like a babe at a mother's teat.

His hips continued to work his cock in and out of my ass and it wasn't long
before his motions became harder and with a ragged rhythm. I felt his cock
harden like steel and he began moaning in my mouth. I then felt my insides
washed with his hot cum. I could feel each quiver of his cock as he shot
load after load of man juice into my ass.

He collapsed on me and I held him in my arms, licking the sweat from his
shoulder, as he gained his breath back. He rolled off me and lay down next
to me on his stomach, his beautiful ass drawing me to it. I rolled over and
spread his legs. I lay between his legs and buried my nose in his fragrant,
ripe butt-trench. I deeply breathed of his ripeness, pulling his cheeks
apart to gain more of his heady, male scent. Burying my face farther in his
butt, I began to lick up and down his butt-trench as he had done to me. I
locked my lips on his hole and began driving my tongue deeper and deeper
into his hole. I had not cum yet and my cock wanted nothing more than to
drive itself inside the body of this young warrior. I didn't know if Shawn
had ever been fucked, but my cock didn't care! Shawn's hole was going to be
fucked. Period.

Shawn moaned and drove his ass back further, trying to get as much of my
tongue up his hole as it would go - and then some! I reached over to the
night table and grabbed a bottle of lube. I squirted some of the cool,
clear gel onto Shawn hole and began to massage it into his butt. I started
with one finger, moving it in and out of his ass. This lead to two fingers
and a concerted massage of his prostate which had Shawn moaning and pushing
his ass back, trying to get more of my fingers up his ass. I finally worked
3 fingers into his butt and decided that he was relaxed enough to take my
cock.

I raised up and lubed up my cock with the gel. I brought my hardon to the
opening to his body and gently pressed against his hole. His hole opened up
and swallowed my cock whole! I sunk all the way to my pubic hair in his
butt. He moaned deep and long as my cock slid up his butt-chute.  I held
there for a moment, enjoying the incredible heat which surrounded my
cock. His butt was not virgin, but it wasn't well used either! He was tight
and hot and my cock had never been happier than being up inside this
beautiful Marine butt.

I couldn't hold back any longer. I began fucking his butt, jack hammering
my cock in and out of his hole. I pounded his butt as hard as I could.

"Yeah! Fuck, yeah! Fuck my ass!" He moaned and I followed his orders to the
letter.

"Oh, your cock feels amazing! Pound my butt! Fuck me HARD!" he
begged. Again I did as he requested.

"Yeah! Fuck my Marine butt! Jam that cock up my jarhead ass!" he commanded
and I lost it!

I began shooting my load up his hole. I shot and shot and shot, filling his
hole with my thick cum.  I loaded his ass with so much jism that I could
feel it squirting out around my cock as I continued to pound his butt while
depositing my seed in his butt-chute.

I finally collapsed on his back. His ass muscles continued to massage my
cock and got several extra spurts of my cum. Finally, my cock began to
shrink and slipped from his hole. I rolled off him and lay down beside
him. He raised up and took me in his arms. He kissed my lips and then my
forehead.

"Well, you'll have to marry me know." he stated.

"Oh?" I asked. "And why is that?"

"Well, with that load, I'm sure I'm pregnant! And you have to make an
honest Marine of me!" he grinned.

I broke up laughing. We both held onto each other as we lay there laughing
for a long time.


End of Part III.

If you liked the story and want it to continue, write me at
rimpiglf@yahoo.com

If you enjoyed the story and want this site to continue as a free site,
please consider making a contribution. Thanks! From RimPig!

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2001 21:09:39 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE ENCOUNTER - PART II

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

Marine Encounter - Part II
by RimPig (c) 2001

For a while, we just lay there - touching, caressing, occasionally dozing -
all the while holding on to each other. The scent of him, his sweat, musk
and the smell of our sex clung about us and I was lost in the miasma of
maleness which surrounded me. I could think of nothing but this beautiful
warrior in my bed. And I really wanted to think of nothing else. I didn't
want to think about tomorrow. I didn't want to think about what would
eventually happen between Shawn and me. I just wanted this moment to never
end. Or at least, to have round 2 before it did.

Shawn was gently snoring, so I knew that he would not be prepared to
continue our physical battle for a while. I slowly and carefully, so not to
disturb him, got up and went into the bathroom. I was standing in front of
the toilet, holding my cock and preparing to piss when I felt Shawn's body
against mine and his arms going around my waist. The next thing I knew, he
had removed my hand from my cock and was aiming it himself.

"Just let go, babe! I've always wanted to do this to another guy." he said,
huskily in my ear.

I let go and he directed my pissing cock. He reached around with his other
hand and gently place it around my balls. It was an interesting feeling to
have my balls massaged while I was pissing. It was something I had never
done to myself. Or even thought about doing.

"I usually prefer to piss in the shower." he said, "but I always wanted to
feel what another guy's cock felt like while he was pissing."

"And do you like the feeling?" I asked.

"Yeah, it's cool. Haven't you ever wanted to do something like this?" he
asked nuzzling my ear.

"Well...." I stopped pissing and he let go of my cock. I stepped over to
the vanity.

"Come on, tell me. What kinky thing have you dreamed about doing?" he said,
the sound of a naughty little boy creeping into his voice.

"No way! It will probably gross you out. You'll think I'm a sick puppy." I
said.

"No I won't. I'm into experimenting tonight. I'm ready to do just about
anything with you - as long as there isn't any pain involved." he stated.

"No, I'm not into pain. Don't worry about that. I figure if it hurts,
you're doing something very wrong!" I told him.

"Ok, so what's the big kink?"

"Ok, here goes. I want you to take me in the shower and piss all over me."
I said, all at once so that I didn't have to think about what I was saying.

"Golden Shower, huh? I think I can arrange that. God knows, I've had enough
beer tonight. So what gets you off on it?" he asked, like he was asking
what I liked about Earl Grey tea!

"Well...it isn't the 'degradation trip' if that's what you're thinking. I
love the sensuousness of it.  The warmth, like being cum on for minutes
rather than seconds. I also get off on the intimacy of it. A part of your
body flowing onto - or into - mine." I explained.

"When you say 'into', where exactly are you talking about?" he questioned.

"Well...I don't mean my ears."

"Oh, then other orifices could come into play?" he leered at me.

"Perhaps. It depends really on how 'into' the guy I am. How much I want him
to be a part of me."  I explained.

Coming closer and slipping his arms around me, pressing his naked body
against mine and pressing me against the vanity.

"And how much are you 'into' me? How much do you want me to be a 'part' of
you?" he stared into my eyes. I knew this was not play. This was a serious
question. And I needed to make a serious answer.

"As much as I can be with someone I've only known for a few hours. Though,
to tell the truth, it feels like I've known you forever. I've never been
this comfortable with a man before." I lowered my head and rested my
forehead on his muscular chest. I felt him gently place his hand on my neck
and begin massaging it.

"I know. It feels the same for me. You know what I said about not being
able to feel comfortable in a place like this?"

"Yes."

"Well...it seems I was wrong. I feel very comfortable. As long as you're
here." Shawn leaned down and whispered this into my ear.  "I'm very glad
because I don't want you to leave. And I never thought I'd here myself say
that." I murmured into his chest.

"I can't leave yet anyway. I still have to take a piss. So if you want your
golden shower, you better get into the shower now!" With that, he reached
down and smacked my ass sharply with his open hand. It was a 'love tap' but
I could still feel the awesome power in his arm.

I had the bathroom re-done when I moved in and this 'bath suite' as my
architect described it contained everything I wanted. A steam room, a
sauna, a whirlpool big enough for 3 or 4 and a shower with multiple
showerheads and room for more than the whirlpool would hold. So when Shawn
talked about getting into the shower, he didn't quite understand that he
was basically talking about going into what was practically a whole
room. What he also didn't realize was that the ceiling of the shower room
was bullet-proof glass so that it was like a shower with a 'moon- roof'
through which we could look at the stars. He was somewhat impressed.

"Holy Fuck!!! What the hell is this?!" he said, stepping into the shower
lit by starlight.

"It's a shower." I answered casually.

"Oh, yeah! If you're a fucking Roman Emperor! I've been in barracks that
had smaller showers than this!" he said gazing around at the room.

The room was covered with cobalt blue Italian tile and the floor was
travertine marble. There was a gutter than ran around 3 sides of the room
where the drains are and in the center was a wide marble bench. There were
small spotlights in the upper corners of the room which were on a rheostat
which allowed almost an infinite level of light to shine in the room. Right
now, they were set relatively low so that the scene of the starlit sky
above would be more visible.

I sat down on the bench and pulled Shawn down next to me. I pointed up and
he gasped as he saw that there appeared to be no roof over the room. I
explained about the bullet-proof glass for security.

"Don't you worry about peeping-toms?" he asked.

"Do you see any buildings higher than this one that can see in?" I asked.

He looked all around but couldn't find anything but sky.

"Ok, but what about planes? Or helicopters?" ever the Marine, he was on a
recon mission to secure the perimeter.

"I just figure anyone wants to see my naked body that much, I'll put on a
show for them!" I laughed. And he laughed with me.

"Ok, I guess I'm just blown away by all this. But it really is cool!" he
enthused.  "I love it. Especially at night. It's like taking a shower
outdoors." I explained.

"Yeah, I can see that. So is this where you usually have guys piss on you?"
he grinned at me.

"What the fuck are you talking about!!" I almost screamed. "How many guys
do you think have even seen this room!" I was furious.

"That's what I wanted to know....how much competition I have." he smugly
grinned.

"You are the only man, other than myself, that has EVER been in this room
naked. I do have someone who cleans the place for me, but he doesn't
count." I fumed.

"Ok, that's all I wanted to know." he continued to grin.

"Wipe that silly smirk off your face, soldier. If you wanted to know about
my love-life, you could have just asked me!" I continued to hold a grudge
over this little manoeuver.

"Ok, ok, I'm sorry. It's just I can't believe someone so beautiful and so
loving could be all alone."  he stated directly.

"It is by choice! I didn't want anyone close to me. I didn't want to get
hurt again. Ever." I felt myself drawing away from Shawn and into myself,
remembering the pain I'd gone through when I was really too young to handle
it.

"Are you going to tell me about that?" he asked, sliding closer to me on
the bench and putting his arm around me.

I could have held out. I could have resisted. I could have pushed him away
but, when his arm encircled me, I again smelt the strong scent of him and I
was lost to it. I wanted him near me. I wanted him touching me. I wanted
him to take away the pain I was feeling. I looked up into his incredibly
green eyes and felt my walls melting inside me. I leaned into him and
rested my head on his upper chest. He rested his chin on my head. And, like
a little kid, I started crying.

He held me until the tears stopped, stroking my face and telling me to 'let
it all out'. Finally I had.  I then started telling the story like I was
reporting something that happened to someone else.

"I was 17. I had known I was gay ever since I was 13 but I didn't have the
guts to tell anybody. I figured my parents would freak and throw me
out. Stupid! In the end, it was because of them that I was able to overcome
the whole mess.

"Anyway, I was in my senior year of high school and this guy moves here
from California and enters the senior class. He was so fucking gorgeous!
Tall, very muscular and a beautiful face. I instantly had a crush on
him. But I kept it to myself. I figured I had no chance at him. Especially
when he ended up on the football team. I guessed that one of the
cheerleaders would have him wrapped around her finger soon.  "But I
couldn't have been more wrong. He didn't show any interest in any of the
girls who threw themselves at him. Oh, he was nice to all of them, but not
one of them got anywhere with him. It quickly became obvious that he did
not date. Nor did he seem to bond with any of his jock teammates. He seemed
really popular, but he also seemed to spend most of his time alone. And it
was obvious it was by choice.

"This didn't give me any hope, however. Alone also excluded me. Or at least
I thought it did.  Then came French class. I was taking French IV in order
to get an easy grade. I'd spoken French since I was born. My mother was
French and both of my parents spoke the language, so I grew up bi-lingual.

"One day, my French teacher asked me to tutor this senior who was having a
lot of trouble with French."

"And it was this guy, right?" Shawn asked.

"Yes, it was Michael. At first, I was afraid to do it. I knew that if I
spent any time around him, the fact that I was gay and that I was very
attracted to him would be very obvious. But, at the same time, I couldn't
pass up the chance to get to know him. So my teacher arranged for us to
meet in his classroom the next afternoon. Michael was as beautiful and as
nice as I'd imagined he was. He asked me to come to his house after school
for the tutoring. I agreed.

"That afternoon, I went over to his house. He told me his Dad was working
late. When I asked where his mom was, he quietly told me that she had died
two years before of cancer and now it was just him and his Dad. That was
why they had moved from California, to get away from the memories there. My
heart went out to Michael. It was obvious he loved his mother very much and
there was an air of sadness about him I'd never noticed before.

"So there we were alone. We worked on French for a couple of hours and then
he asked if I wanted to take a swim. I said I would but that I didn't have
a suit with me. He laughed and said he never wore one. The pool area was
completely private and there was no need. I was shy at first because, while
I had a decent body, I was no body builder and it was obvious that Michael
had a very well developed body.

"I finally agreed and after the initial shock of just how beautiful his
body was and how enormous his cock seemed, even soft, I started to relax
and enjoy myself. We swam and splashed around in the pool a
while. Suddenly, I found myself against the side of the pool with Michael
pressed up against me. I could feel his cock pressing against my
stomach. It was hard as a rock. He looked deeply into my eyes and slowly
brought his mouth down onto mine. That kiss started everything.

"I fell deeply, madly in love with Michael. For almost nine months I was
sure that I would love him and we would be together for the rest of our
lives. But there was something I hadn't figured on. His father. Evidently,
Michael had been as honest about his sexuality with his father as I'd been
with my parents.

"One night, his father came home early and found us making love. You'd have
thought he'd caught us making crack cocaine in the kitchen! The screaming
and yelling was incredible. At one point, his father actually became
physically violent with Michael. At this point, I grabbed my clothes and
ran out of the house.

"I wandered around the streets for hours that night. I didn't know what to
do. I didn't want to go home because I knew that by this time Michel's
father had time to call my parents and tell them what had been going on -
just as he'd threatened to do.

"What I didn't know was that when he called, my parent's told him to shove
his homophobia up his ass. They told him that they loved their son no
matter what and it was a shame that he had such a good son and could just
reject him that way. Evidently Michael's father slammed down the phone.

"When I got home, my parents were waiting up for me as I expected. And they
knew what had happened, as I also expected. What I didn't expect was how
sympathetic they were. They both told me they loved me no matter who I
chose to love. It was a beautiful night. We talked for hours and I finally
knew how much my parents loved me.

"Of course, the next day, it was all over school. It seems that after I
left, Michael grabbed the keys to his car, and left the house. Somewhere he
must have gotten some beer because he crashed his car into a tree going
over 80 miles an hour. The coroner said Michael's blood alcohol lever was
over 4.0. I guess I could have lived with that and eventually gotten over
it but right at the end of the school year, the worst thing of all
happened.

"It was the night of my graduation. I didn't want to go. I certainly didn't
feel any loyalty to the school or to anyone in it. The way I had been
treated after the end of my relationship with Michael, I wanted nothing to
do with anybody in that school. But my parents wanted to watch their son
graduate. And so, I left for the auditorium a couple of hours before the
ceremony as was required. All during the ceremony, I kept looking for my
parents, but they weren't there. I searched after the ceremony, but they
didn't show up. I didn't know what to think. I rushed home, hoping
something had held them up, but I had a bad feeling about it.

"When I got home, the police were there waiting for me. My parent's car had
been hit broadside by a drunk driver and they were both killed
instantly. My world crumbled. I was lost for a long while. Since I was 18
now, I inherited everything. Which came to a lot of money. But all I could
do was sit in the house and drink, day after day. I finally stumbled into
therapy with a really wonderful woman who helped me come to terms with all
the loss. But I've never been able to overcome my fear of getting involved
with someone.

"So, you see, Shawn, that was 6 years ago. And there hasn't been anyone
since. I haven't let anyone get close to me. Oh, I tried sex. Got really
crazy for a while, but it just didn't work. I didn't need just sex. I
needed love. I needed to feel close to someone and yet I was putting up
these walls to keep anyone from getting close to me. Pretty crazy, huh?"

"I wouldn't say it was crazy. It makes a lot of sense when you look at it
from the standpoint of what happened to you. So what's this tonight? Why
me? Why are you finally opening up to me?"  he asked.

"Because you got under my defenses the one way I never figured on. You were
hurting on that beach and reaching out to me. I couldn't defend against
that. And, to tell you the truth, I didn't want to. I was hurting as much
as you were. I need someone, too. I'm hoping to hell that maybe we can find
in each other what each of us is looking for." I avowed to him.

"So how'd you get so kinky? Or is 'golden shower' just a fantasy with
you. That you've actually never done it." he questioned.

"Let's just say, I have a vivid imagination." I looked down, unable to meet
his eyes.

Shawn reached under my chin and lifted it so that I was looking directly
into his eyes.

"Let me bring your fantasy to life." he said quietly. And then he gently
kissed me.

I felt him pushing me down, as he gently lay me on the bench. Then he stood
above me, straddling the bench and, taking his cock in his hand, he began
milking back the head while he smiled down at me.

Suddenly, I felt the first splash of warmth hit my abs as the hot piss
began to flow from his cock.  The feeling was so intense it caused me to
writhe in pleasure at the liquid warmth. He began to play his pissing cock
across my body. Up to my chest and down to my cock an balls which instantly
became hard. As his stream began to slow, I quickly raised up and wrapped
my lips around his cock, drinking down the last of his hot piss. It was
warm and very mild tasting. Slightly bitter and sweet at the same time. He
hadn't lied about how much beer he'd consumed.

As he emptied his piss into me, Shawn reached down and put his hand around
the back of my neck, gently drawing me closer as I took more of his cock
into my mouth. His cock began to harden in my mouth as my tongue gently
began to stroke the underside of his cock. Shawn stood there and threw his
head back, groaning in ecstasy.

But I wasn't about to give him just another blow job. There were places on
his body I wanted to taste again and there were other ways of getting him
off that I was determined to experience.

I pulled off his cock, and got up off the bench. Shawn looked at me
questioningly, but I gently kissed his lips while pushing down on his back
to get him to bend over the bench. He bent over and grabbed both sides of
the bench with his hands. I got behind him and sat down, straddling the
bench bringing my face to his ass.

I buried my nose in the crack of his butt and took a deep breath of the
dark musk there. I followed with my tongue, licking up and down his
trench. He bent over further, spreading his hard cheeks and giving me
greater access to his hole. I buried my face into the trench, locking my
lips around his hole and pushing my tongue a deeply inside as I could
get. Shawn began to moan and to rub his ass back against my face, trying to
get more of my tongue buried inside him. I licked and sucked on his ass
lips, losing myself in the overwhelming sensuality of his beautiful,
fragrant ass.

Finally, unable to deal with my oral excavation of his butt, Shawn stood up
and pulled away. He turned around and, pushing me back on the bench,
grabbed my legs and pushed them above me while he lay down on the bench and
began to explore my ass with his nose and tongue. I could hear him first
taking deep whiffs of my anal trench. I heard him growl deep in his throat
and knew that my scent pleased him. The next thing I felt was his tongue
digging deep into my ass. His tongue seemed as long as a small cock and was
energetically fucking my hole as deep as it could reach. I moaned in
pleasure and felt my ass opening up further and further to Shawn's probing
tongue.

When he had packed my butt good with spit, he gently inserted a finger into
my hole and began the process of really opening me up. I felt his finger
gently stroking my prostate and I began to moan. I looked up at Shawn who
was now sitting between my legs and smiled.

"So, you've discovered a new beach-head, Gunny?" I asked.

"One I intend to breach, if you have no objections." he smiled.

"I have no objections. I surrender unconditionally." I smiled back.

"Are you sure? Have you ever been fucked?" he asked, some concern showing
in his voice.

"A long time ago. But, perhaps it's like riding a bicycle and you don't
forget how." I told him.

"I will be gentle with you...this time!" Shawn grinned.

"I want you so badly, Shawn. I want you to have me. I want to feel one with
you. Please." I begged.

"Don't worry, Bobby, there's no way I'm gonna pass this up. I need you to
feel a part of me. I need to make you a part of me. And me a part of you."
he looked intensely into my eyes as he spoke.

As he spoke, he worked another finger into my ass, now using both to begin
to spread the tissues, making my hole ready to receive his rather large
weapon. He bent down occasionally to add more spit for lubrication and
eventually had three fingers working inside my hole.

"I would feel a lot more comfortable if you had some lube around here."
Shawn said to me.

"There's some in the bedroom, in the drawer on the left side of the bed. I
use it to jack off with sometimes." I told him.

"Ok, you stay right here, I'm gonna go get it." he said, withdrawing his
fingers from my ass and jumping up to get the lube. Within seconds he was
back and lubing my hole with the clear gel. He used a lot of it, for which
I was grateful. It had been six years since I'd been fucked. Michael was
the one and only up until now, and he wasn't as large as Shawn.

Finally, Shawn began to lube himself. I watched as he greased the enormous
cock which seemed as hard as steel.

"Now, babe." he said, "I'm gonna lay back on bench and I want you to come
up and sit on my cock. That will be the easiest way for you to get used to
it. You can control how much you take and can keep from hurting yourself."
he explained.

He lay back on the bench and I raised up and straddled him. I brought his
hard cock to the opening of my ass and rested the head at the hole. Shawn
grinned at me and reached up and began to stroke my hard cock with his hand
which was already lubed from his own cock. I pushed back on his cockhead
and felt it press against my hole.

"Push out like you're taking a dump," Shawn explained. "That will make it
easier."

Following his advice, I pushed down with my ass and felt his cockhead begin
to slide into my hole. It was an intense feeling of fullness but there was
no pain. Slowly, my ass began to slide down his cock. Within a few minutes
I felt his pubic hair tickling my hole and I realized that I had his entire
cock up my ass.

"Just rest a minute and get used to it." Shawn told me.

I did as he suggested but soon began wiggling my ass on his cock. It felt
good! God! Did it feel good!! His cock was large and thick enough that it
touched all the sensitive areas in my ass - especially my prostate. Soon, I
began to raise up slightly and to lower myself back down on his cock. The
feeling of his cock scraping over my joy-button as I did this, all but had
me cumming!  As it was, my cock was leaking cock-snot all over Shawn's hard
abs.

Finally, I felt Shawn begin to pump gently in and out of my hole. It was an
incredible feeling. But I wasn't happy. I didn't want to be on top. I
wanted Shawn to fuck me. He seemed to realize what I was feeling because I
felt him raise up and then lift me off his cock. I lay back down on the
bench and raising my legs, offered my hole to him to fuck. He quickly got
between my legs and re-introduced his cock into my ass. I wrapped my legs
around his waist and my arms around his shoulders and let him pound me into
oblivion!

Shawn was a magnificent, experienced fuck! He pounded me with short jabs
and long, deep drives. He power-fucked me fast and then would become slow
and gentle. He seemed to be holding back, waiting for something, refusing
to reach his orgasm. I couldn't think why he was holding back until I
suddenly felt myself rapidly reaching orgasm. I was going to cum and I
hadn't even touched myself. I was being driven to orgasm by Shawn's cock
fucking me. I had no choice.  I couldn't stop myself.

I began screaming out in ecstasy as my cock began shooting cum between our
bodies. I looked up and saw a magnificent grin on Shawn's face as he
watched me cum on the effects of his cock. But he wasn't grinning for
long. My hole's spasms during orgasm had pushed him over the edge as well
and he was soon joining my vocal exclamations while he pumped a huge load
of cum up my butt.

Finally, the last tremors of our orgasms stopped. I was still gripping his
body like a life raft in a rough sea. He leaned down and kissed me
deeply. I could feel his sweat dripping on my body and smell his exertion
and our sex. It was a heady mixture. And I loved it.

Shawn drew back slightly and looked down at me.

"And how was that, babe?" he asked.

"Do you think you could repeat that maneuver daily for about 50 years?" I
asked.

"Sir! Yes, Sir!" he replied.


End of Part II

If you liked the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com

Please! Mention the name of the story you're writing about.

If you liked this story, how about contributing to keep this free site
free? Thanks from RimPig.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Sat, 13 Oct 2001 13:24:44 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE ENCOUNTER - PART 1

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. It is NOT TRUE. Any resemblance
between any character and any real person is thoroughly and completely
accidental. This story contains scenes of sex between males. So you're
forewarned. If this story warps your sex-drive or your previously held
opinions, feelings or desires, then it has been successful.

This story is dedicated to a real member of the USMC who is my friend and
whom I care very much about.

Marine Encounter
by RimPig (c) 2001

I love walking on the beach at night. Of course, living in Fort Lauderdale
the way I do, it is much easier for me to do this than most people. I
especially love to walk down by the water's edge late at night with a full
moon. You have never truly seen the magnificence of the moon until you see
it rising full over the Atlantic Ocean. The reflection of its light on the
water makes the night so bright you could almost read by it. You certainly
could make love by it. But not in Fort Lauderdale. The Lauderdale cops are
far too uptight to allow 'faggots' (as they love to call us) to go "fuckin'
on the beach".

But this isn't a problem for me. First of all, I've had sex on the
beach. No, not the drink! The act!  And, trust me, it is far over-rated as
an activity. First of all, whether you realize it or not, sand is not soft!
And second of all, sand gets everywhere! And I mean - everywhere!!!

So, for my money, a walk on the beach at night, alone, is about all I
want. Notice I said "about all" in the same sentence with the dreaded "a "
word - alone. I would much rather share the walk with someone, but there
hasn't been a "someone" for a damn long time. Now I realize that a large
part of the reason for that is me. I have very high standards about who I'm
going to spend my 'emotional capital' on. And those standards have nothing
to do with looks or money. They have to do with character and
values. Things that, unfortunately in this society, are in short supply (or
appear to be). And I'd rather have no relationship than a bad one. So, here
I was on the beach.  Alone.

Or at least I thought I was alone.

About 20 yards ahead of me, I suddenly noticed a guy sitting in the sand,
drinking a beer and looking out at the water. Something about him seemed to
scream "Military". Perhaps it was the "high-and-tight" haircut, or the set
of his body - like he was sitting "at attention".

It isn't unusual to run into military personnel in Fort Lauderdale. After
all, Port Everglades hosts a large number of navy ships, including aircraft
carriers, every year. But what was unusual was to see one alone. Most of
the time, sailors and Marines traveled in packs, like wolves hunting for
whatever kind of fun was on their agendas. Never less than 2 and hardly
ever more than 6. I don't know whether this is some kind of naval rule or
not. It just always seemed to be that way.

As I came closer to him, he looked up and saw me walking along the waters
edge.

"Beautiful night, isn't it?" he called to me.

Ahhh! The direct approach. Probably a Marine. Marines are usually very
direct. You spot your objective and you make your move. Hit the beach. Take
no prisoners. Carry your dead and wounded.

Actually, this is a very endearing quality about them. You always know
where you stand with a Marine and they don't waste time on a lot of
bullshit.  Of course, if you're looking for romance and subtlety, you'd
best forget about a Marine. This is not to say that they don't love. On the
contrary. They love as fiercely as they fight. And once a Marine is in love
with you, you'd best just make up your mind that you have a lover and
protector forever - if that's what you want.  Remember the Corp's motto -
"Semper Fidelis", Always Faithful.

"Yeah, it is. I love the beach at night." I replied, stopping to look at
this young warrior. I couldn't tell exactly how tall he was, but he looked
like he was probably 6 feet or above. His "high-and- tight" didn't show
much hair, but what there was seemed to be a dark golden color. His eyes
were stunningly beautiful even though the light was too low to really tell
color. He had a ruggedly handsome face with dimples on both sides when he
smiled. And, oh! That smile! It made the brightness of the moon seem dim by
comparison. His body was evidently well developed. Even at rest, the
musculature in his arms and chest showed.

He seemed older than most of the Marines I usually saw hanging around town
in the bars.  Probably about 26-28, I figured.

"Yeah, it's quiet here. Not too many people around. Not like a Navy
ship. Too many people around all the time." he replied.

Figuring from this that he wanted to be alone, I went to say goodnight and
move on, but he stopped me.

"Oh, I wasn't talking about you. I'll admit, I did come out here to be
alone and think about some things, but I don't really feel like being alone
at all. I just would like to be alone with the right person, ya' know?" he
said looking into my eyes.

How he figured that I was "the right person" or what about me made me "the
right person" was beyond me at that point. But I got the hint. He wanted me
to stick around. 'Ok,' I thought. 'I can handle that' and sat down next to
him on the sand.

"So, which ship are you off of?" I asked.

"Oh, it shows, does it?" he asked ruefully.

"Well, you don't see a lot of 'high-and-tights' on civilians." I explained.

"No, I guess not. Yeah, I'm a Marine. But I'm not off a ship. I'm on
leave. Decided to come here rather than go home. There isn't anything there
for me anymore." he said.

"Where's home for you?"

"Ohio. I was born and raised outside Marion. You know where that is?" he
asked, sure that I didn't.

"Of course I do. I was born and raised in Cincinnati." I said.

"Most people here seem to be from someplace else. Guess everybody is
looking for fun in the sun." he seemed to be disgusted by this. I wondered
why.

"I think most people make the mistake of figuring that a 'geographic cure'
will help whatever problems they have someplace else. What they don't think
about is that they bring themselves with them when they come here. And
that's usually the real cause of their problems." I explained.

"Yeah! I think you're right. I thought coming here would get me away from
things. It's just made them worse." he hung his head for a moment and then
looked up at me. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to be morose or anything. The
problems are mine, not yours. I don't want to bore you with them."

"I don't mind. Really. I know sometimes it helps to talk to somebody you
don't know. Somebody you don't have a history with." I told him quietly.

"Nah! There's no use both of us being down. You wanna beer?" he asked,
digging in a soft cooler behind him and coming up with one.

"No, thank you. I don't drink." I told him.

"You don't drink? Religious convictions?" he asked startled at my response.

"No, self-defense! I used to drink. Got to be a problem for me so I quit."
I said simply.

"You don't mind if I do?" he asked.

"No, not at all. It's none of my business what you do. Hell! I don't even
know your name!" I laughed, trying to lighten the moment.

"Oh, I'm sorry! I'm Shawn. Gunnery Sergeant Shawn Reilly, USMC, at your
service, SIR!" the last said in 'parade ground voice' and followed with a
salute to me. I laughed.

"Glad to meet you Gunnery Sergeant Reilly! My name's Robert. Robert
Greyson. But my friends call me Bobby." I reached out my hand and his much
larger one gripped it in a firm handshake.  Not hard, like he was showing
off his strength, but firm.

"Then, if you don't mind, I'll call you Bobby." he said, not letting go of
my hand.

"I'd like that very much." I said. And then I looked down at our hands
which were still joined.

Shawn looked down too, as if they were completely foreign objects to
him. Then he quickly realized that he was still holding my hand and quickly
let go, somewhat embarrassed by his actions. He looked away, took a sip
from his fresh beer and I changed the subject.

"How long are you down for, Shawn?" I asked.

"I've got a month's leave. I've been here two days. I don't know how long
I'm going to stay.  Like I was saying, I think it was a mistake to come
here." he said.

"Why?" I asked. He obviously wanted to talk and I was willing to listen.

"Well, I was supposed to be getting married this coming weekend back home."
he said.

"Oh, and she dumped you, huh?" I asked.

"No, the other way around. I dumped her. Wrote her about a month ago and
called the whole thing off. Now everybody: her parents, my parents, her -
they're all pissed at me. But I don't care.  I didn't love her and I didn't
want to get married."

"Good thing you found out before you got yourself legally entangled. I
wouldn't worry about it, though. Give it time and things will come
around. Eventually people will see it was a better thing to stop it before
more people were hurt. Like, say, if any kids were involved." I explained.

"Yeah! That's just the way I see it. Why go through something you know is a
lie just to keep other people happy? It seems I've spent my whole fucking
life trying to make other people happy and now, I figure it's my turn to
find out what makes me happy!" he all but growled this last statement.

"What would make you happy, Shawn?" I asked. Ok. I was hoping he'd say
pounding my ass for about 14 hours. A guy can hope, can't he?

"Well....what I really want is to make love with someone who doesn't want
to own me. Doesn't want to take over my whole life and tell me what to do
with it." he said, almost vehemently.

"Gee! I always thought that's exactly what Marine's wanted. I thought it
was why guys became Marines, to have someone tell them what to do?" I was
confused here.

"Nah! I know it looks that way, and maybe in some ways it's true. But
discipline in the corps is based on respect - not coercion. You give your
loyalty to the corps and to your commanders because they have earned that
loyalty and trust. But with women, it's 'You do this or no more
pussy!'. Oh, they aren't usually honest enough to come right out and say
that. But it's there, all the same." he sighed.

"Don't get me wrong. I don't think all women are like that. Nor do I hate
women or anything like that. I been able to figure out two things so
far. Number one, I got entangled with the wrong female. And, number two,
it's not a female that I want. And that's what got me so torn up and
confused inside." he sighed again.

"So you're looking for a guy, right?" I asked. Well...looks like this is
going in the right direction.

"Yeah, I guess so. I'd never really had any experience with guys until I
got in the Marines. Oh, a couple of mutual jerk-off sessions with some of
my friends growing up, but nothing intense. Just kind of normal 'jock'
games. But some buddies of mine, when I was a grunt, took me to this place
in New Orleans that turned out to be a gay club. Got my cock sucked and my
ass eaten for the first time and I loved every minute of it. Went back the
next night without them and sucked my first cock and ate my first
ass. That's when I knew it was guys I wanted the most. But I got scared. I
knew that if anyone found out I was gay, that would be the end of my career
in the Marines. So I just pushed everything aside and figured I could go
ahead and get married, raise a family and just forget about other guys. But
it isn't like that. I can't live a lie. I can't be something I'm not."

Marine's are usually men of few words. For him to get out all of this, to
me, meant he was hurting real bad inside. My heart went out to the young
warrior. Not to mention my cock which was tenting my jeans from the
wonderful aroma of his body that was wafting over in my direction.

"So how much experience do you have?" I wondered out loud.

"Just those two nights in New Orleans. I was too scared to ever do anything
like it again. That's why I figured I'd come here and check out the gay
scene while I was on leave and see what happens. But it's been a
disaster. I don't really fit into this scene. I'm not interested in playing
games and I don't seem to have enough money or the right kind of job to be
interesting to most of the guys I've met. Except for some older ones who
offer me money for my cock. I'm not into that either. So, I don't know what
to do. I don't know where else to go."

"Not all guys are interested in playing games or how much money you've
got." I explained to him. "Some guys are looking for someone who is real
and who wants to find real love and build a life together. But, I'll admit,
it's not an easy thing to do. It takes a lot of courage and a lot of work."

"I think I've got plenty of both. I just need to find someone who feels the
same way." he asserted.

"But to you think you can just find love in a month? Love takes time. Just
finding someone takes time. And you just got out of a relationship. Do you
think you're ready for a new one?" I asked.

"That's not true. There wasn't a relationship. I was just using her to try
and make my life easier.  I'm just lucky to come to my senses before I got
entangled. But you're right about it taking time.  I'm just stupid enough
to believe in love at first sight." he laughed to himself.

"Not stupid. Just romantic. Something I didn't quite expect from a member
of the Few, the Proud." I chuckled as well.

"So I guess I'm not much of a Marine then! I know, we're supposed to be out
for all the tail we can get and not care if somebody gets hurt along the
way. Well, I'm not like that. Never have been." he smiled at me.

"Well, maybe not much of a Marine, but more of a man than any Marine I've
ever met! There's nothing manly about hurting people or using people. I
wish more guys would learn that one!" I said bitterly.

"Sounds like you've had some experience at being hurt yourself." he said,
picking up on my feelings.

"Who me? Get real! I don't get hurt because I don't care! Can't let myself
care. Too much pain that way!" I vowed.

"That's the first bullshit I've heard come out of your mouth. You care. You
just hold back so hard and won't let yourself. You're afraid of the same
thing that I am." he pointed out.

Ok. He had my number and I understood where he was coming from. I knew
right there and then that the best thing for me was to get up, say good
night and get the fuck out of there! Don't get involved with this guy. He
was real dangerous to me! He could destroy me from the inside - just what I
was afraid would happen. But I couldn't move. Even knowing how much danger
I was in, I couldn't move! Somehow I wanted to find out if there was any
chance that there really was a way to find what I always wanted.

I couldn't say anything. I didn't know what to say. But he said it for me -
with his arms.

I felt his arm go around me and looked up, directly into his face - not 3
inches from mine. There was no smile now. Just the look of a man hungry for
contact. And I was lost in the intensity of his eyes. He moved forward the
rest of the way and I felt his lips gently touch mine. I pressed back
against his and felt his tongue pushing for entrance. I couldn't withstand
his desire, so I opened my mouth to him. His tongue breeched my mouth and
quickly took possession of it. I sucked on his tongue as he tried to lick
all over the inside of my oral cavity.

At the same time, I felt his hands moving down my back and cupping
themselves around that cheeks of my bubble-butt, staking his claim to that
objective. I felt him take possession and pull me even closer. I knew that
I should put a stop to this. First of all, we were in a public place and
the cops in Lauderdale are about the most homophobic on the east coast of
Florida. Second, this was getting far too far, far too fast. I wasn't into
allowing myself to be what this Marine needed.  And I wasn't about to admit
that he was what I needed.

I placed my hands against his chest and gently pushed him back. He leaned
back and looked at me oddly.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"This isn't really safe to do here." I said, giving the most innocuous of
excuses. "And we're moving a little fast for me."

"I'm sorry. All that 'gung-ho' stuff. I try to go after what I want
directly. Don't believe in beating around the bush. Sorry. I guess that's
part of my problem." he apologized.

"No, it's not a problem. It's just I'm not really used to it anymore. You
were right about me. I am afraid of someone like you. Your intensity scares
me. Your need scares me. But you're exciting all the same."

"Well...I can arrange a more private place for this. I have a room at a
hotel near here. Would you like to go there?" he asked.

"Actually, I was thinking about my condo. It's just a couple of blocks from
here. I think we would be more comfortable there." I said softly, surprised
at my own words.

"If that's what you want, that would be very nice. Do you mind if I bring
some beer? Would that bother you?" he asked with true concern in his voice.

"It won't bother me at all. I know a little corner store where you can get
some more on the way."

We walked the couple of blocks to the store and I waited outside while
Shawn got the beer. Then we walked to my condo. We hardly spoke at all
during this time, each of us lost in our own thoughts. When we reached the
condo, we got aboard the elevator and I pushed the button for the
penthouse. He looked at the button I pushed and then looked at me while
raising one of his eye- brows. I smiled.

When the elevator doors opened, we walked into a foyer with two sets of
double doors at each end. I shared the penthouse floor with one other
apartment. I led him to the right to my apartment door.

We walked into the apartment and Shawn gave a low whistle.

"Son of a bitch! Is this all yours?!" he asked, his voice filled with awe.

"All mine." I said, watching him as he looked around the living room. He
was particularly taken with the shiny black grand piano. I went over to the
stereo and turned on some of my favorite music - Bill Evans and his
trio. Old jazz, but I love it.

"Well, this is very nice, Bobby. But you were wrong about one thing. This
is not the kind of place I feel comfortable in. In fact, I've never been in
a place like this in my life. You must be very rich to be able to afford
this." he said quietly.

"Well, yes. At least I inherited a lot of money from my parents. I sold
their big house and bought this so I could be close to the beach. So I
could watch the sun rise over the ocean every morning." I explained.

"It must be really beautiful to see." he said, looking out the panorama of
windows through which the ocean and the beach glittered in the lights of
the 'Strip'.

"You can see it in the morning." I said, letting him know that I wanted him
to stay the night.

"Is that what you really want?" he questioned me, understanding what offer
I'd just made.

"More than anything else in the world, Shawn. I want you to stay and I want
you to feel comfortable here with me." I said, moving towards him. I could
finally see the color of his eyes. A deep, emerald green.

He took me back into his arms and kissed me again. I melted into him. His
hands again began to roam, as did mine. I felt his strong shoulders and
back. I slid my hands down and felt the hardness of his ass. I slid my
thigh between his and felt the hardness of his cock growing against my leg.
His hands again gripped my ass and kneaded my butt-cheeks. I moaned in
lust, wanting him to take me. Take me like an animal breeds with a
mate. Take me strongly and roughly.

He reached down and I suddenly found myself lifted into his arms. I had no
idea he was this strong, but it was an incredible feeling. Like I was again
a child, nestling against my father's chest, safe, secure and loved. He
looked down and kissed my forehead.

"Where's the bedroom in this place?" he asked.

"All the way down that hall over there." I said, pointing to a hall off the
livingroom.

He all but strutted down the hall, carrying me as if I was no weight at
all. He reached the french doors to my bedroom and pushed against them,
making them fly open. He surveyed the bedroom.  In the center was a raised
platform surrounded by soft lighting buried in the base. On the platform
was a king-sized bed with pillows and a cover made of soft, black
leather. Small spotlights shown down from within a canopy of carved wood
over the bed, softly lighting the surface of the leather.

A small, quiet whistle escaped Shawn's lips. I looked up and smiled at him.

"You like, soldier?" I asked.

"I like a lot!" he replied.

He carried me to the platform, up the two steps and gently lay me on the
bed. He climbed on the bed with me and, covering my body with his, began to
make love to me. He locked his lips on my neck and alternately sucked and
nibbled on this sensitive area. I moaned in passion as he began to push my
shirt off my shoulders and gently bite on them. I reached up and ran my
hands over the stubble on his head. It felt soft and prickly to my hands
and I loved the feeling.

He raised up and began to undress me. He first took off my shirt and then
went for the buckle on my belt. He quickly undid the belt and popped the
buttons on my 501's. Since I never wear underwear, he pushed the pants down
off my ankles and I was naked beneath him. He then began to undress
himself.

But in this he was in no hurry as he was to get my clothes off. It seemed
he wanted to take his time and let me enjoy the gradual appearance of his
body. He slowly slipped his T-shirt up his torso and over his head, showing
me first his hard abs and then his beautifully muscular chest. He was
almost hairless except for a trail of golden curls leading down from his
naval into his pants.

He then rose of the bed and stood in front of me and gradually pulled his
belt from the loops of his pants. Having done so, he turned around. I could
see his hands working at the waist of his pants. I could see him open them
and then they began to slowly drop so that his ass was tantalizingly
revealed. I watched as the extreme white of his tightly stretched briefs
were exposed.  My mouth watered at the sight of his tight buns. I wanted to
lick them and suck at them.

As I continued to watch, he slowly lowered the briefs until the crack of
his ass began to be exposed. I could see sweat glistening there and wanted
to taste and smell it. As he lowed the briefs to the floor, he finally
turned around and for the first time I saw his cock. Or should I say his
weapon! It was at least nine very thick inches long, pawing the air in full
erection with the foreskin still covering most of it, only the very tip
exposed and glistening with a drop of pre-cum that made my mouth water in
anticipation of its flavor.

He approached the bed again and climbed on. He moved up to my head and
knelt above my face.  He slowly lowered his groin to my mouth and I could
smell the hot, musky odor of a male in heat.  I smelled something else,
something deeper, more male. It was the smell of his dripping, uncut
cock. I knew that there was a surprise waiting for me inside the sock of
his foreskin.

I reached up with my mouth and captured the head of his cock. I shoved my
tongue in between the head and his foreskin and began to lick the inside of
his cock-sock. I could taste the 'cheesy' texture and began to clean all
the debris locked below the head of his cock. He moaned as I did so,
letting me know how much he was enjoying this. When I had pushed back the
foreskin and thoroughly cleaned under the head of his cock, I continued to
lick down his shaft and began to suck on his sweaty, musky smelling
balls. He moaned and began rubbing his nuts all over my mouth and face,
marking me with his male scent. I continued to lick his nuts, all the time
moving farther down and back until I was licking the back of his scrotum
and that patch of skin between his nuts and his ass.

Knowing what I wanted, he moved forward, allowing me access to his ass. At
the same point, he reached back and spread the cheeks of his ass to give me
full access to his ass-trench. The dark, strong musky scent of his ass hit
my nose like a hit of poppers and I began to lick up and down his entire
crack, pausing at his tender hole. His ass trench was hairless and I
reveled in the taste and scent of it. I finally locked my lips around his
pliant hole and began to gently suck the lips of his hole into my mouth
while I gently inserted my tongue deep into his body. I tasted the dark
tang of his inner ass and rapidly moved my tongue in an out, fucking him
with it. He moaned above me and I could feel his pre-cum dripping down his
cock and onto my forehead as I continued to suck at his spasming ass.

Finally, he could take no more and lifted off my mouth. He turned around
and, stretching out above me, took my cock into his warm, wet mouth while
his dangled above my lips. I reached up and took his cock as far into my
mouth as I could and we lay there, pleasuring each other. I didn't know how
far he wanted to go with this and tried to warn him by moaning that I was
getting close to cumming. This only spurred him on to greater efforts and
made his cock begin to spasm in my mouth.

Suddenly, I felt what seemed like quarts of jism flying into my mouth and
down my throat. I swallowed a quickly as I could to keep from drowning
while my own cock began to shoot what felt like one of the biggest loads
I'd ever shot in my life. We continued swallowing the male essence of each
other for what felt like hours, though it was only minutes. Then he spun
around and laying himself over me again, began to kiss me deeply, sharing
my load with me as I shared his with him.

After a while, he rolled over with me in his arms and held me with my head
against his smooth, muscular chest. He gently kissed my forehead and rubbed
his nose against mine. I reached up and gently stroked the back of his neck
and head with my hand.

"That was incredible!" he said.

"No," I said, "that was round one."


End of part one. 

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com
Please! Remember to name the story you're writing about!