Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 10 Apr 2004 10:55:45 +1000
From: james robinson
Subject: Iraq, a war story, The Informer

This story is a figment of my imagination and bears no resemblance to real
life, it contains sex between men and youths if you don't like this material
please leave now. If you are breaking the law where you live by reading this
then it is on your own head.
Please sit back and enjoy my tale although it is a little gruesome in parts.
Please send your comments to justjames17@hotmail.com. All emails answered
but flames will be extinguished on receipt.
I am finding a few peoples email addresses to be unknown and when I reply it
bounces back, my apologies to anyone who has emailed me and I haven't
answered maybe this is the reason.
Remember drop a few dollars into Nifty's coffers to keep this great service
free.

            Iraq a War Story.  The Informant.
Justjames17.


The distraught Arab lad was lying on the cell floor grovelling at our feet
begging between sobs that we allow him to live and not tell his fellow
prisoners that he had enjoyed sex with us.

Captain Walford reached down and grasped the lad's greasy black hair and
dragged him up to his feet, the lad screamed in pain as his hair was nearly
wrenched from his scalp. The captain threw him onto the bunk and stood over
him threateningly, the young man looked up fearfully at the man towering
over his slender frame, his usually dark bronzed complexion a pasty greyish
brown as the blood drained from his face in fear. I stood there my penis
hard and vibrating at the sexual power exuding from the captain as he
glowered at the frailly built young man.

He barked loudly saying, " Tell us what we want to know and you will be ok,
if you don't we will have sex with you every day at least twice a day. If
you confess what you did and who killed the boy you will be allowed to live
in peace. If we can find the perpetrators who killed him that is."

The lad began to wail in misery and his slim body shook to the strength of
his sobs, the captain slapped his aquiline face sharply, the lad's head
flung to the side as spittle sprayed from his mouth splattering on the cell
wall. The boy collapsed back onto the bunk crying unashamedly tears pouring
down his cheeks cooling the ugly red handprint emblazoned on the cheek the
captain had hit so fiercely. I was amazed to see the lad's prick begin to
arise as his cock became excited, it took only seconds to fill with his
pounding blood and stand tight taught and throbbing as he sobbed on the
bunk.

Captain Walford looked at me and grinned saying, " Looks like our young
friend might be a masochist, and he seems to be getting off on my abusing
him. Why don't you give him a good suck and take his juicy cream from those
fat full nuts."

I looked down at the obviously distressed lad and knelt on the floor prising
the slender legs apart and began to lick my way up the soft flesh of his
slightly hairy inner thighs, the young man moaned and opened to my advance I
was soon sucking his fat cum filled nuts as he squealed loudly between his
sobs. My hot mouth crept up the pulsing pole which was twitching to his fast
heart beat, the swollen cum tube was swollen as I licked it from his smooth
balls up to the drooling lips of his bright crimson knob. I engulfed his
smooth knob and he arched frantically up thrusting his bayonet like cock
hard into my sucking wet gob. I gagged at the sudden intrusion but soon
adjusted to the foreign invader and began working his cock with my throat
muscles, the boy groaning in pleasure his eyes closed to mere slits in his
sex pleasure as his handsome hawk like face took on a mask of absolute
sexual frenzy.

Captain Walford leaned across the bunk and inserted his huge fat pole into
the lad's lips as the boy's mouth opened in his effort to draw enough air
into his depleted lungs. He choked on the thick muscle as it slid slowly
into his throat as he coughed and spluttered, the pole slowly forced his
tight throat open as it edged it's way further and further into his
suffocating body. The lad began to buck and twist frantically as he tried to
dislodge the fat tool, his gyrations driving his prick about in my throat
giving him an incredible rush as his bared knob slipped about in my wet soft
throat tissue while my muscles worked his swollen oozing glans.

I felt his cock swelling in my throat as his movements became more frantic
and he began to suffocate on the huge cock blocking his throat, his body
spasmed and his muscles stood out as he arched up off the bunk and began to
coat my throat and pump his sperm into my stomach. I sucked him frantically
as the captain also spoofed into the tortured boy's throat, the lad blacked
out as his prick finished emptying his juice into my body. He dropped
senseless on the mattress and the captain kept thrusting as far into his
throat as possible until he finished pumping sperm out and fell onto his
hands pressed onto the bunk on each side of the lad's head.

Sweat coated our bodies from the energetic sex and the heat in the small
cell, I knelt between the lad's open legs and peered into the dark hidden
recess beneath the boy's scrotum, the darkness accentuated by the black
hairs clustered in this secret area. I lifted the lad's inert legs
uncovering his ass, the bone white ass cheeks in contrast to his bronzed
thighs, the hairy dark brown musky ass hole in full view as I leant in to
taste the flavour of the lad's ass lips as my lips kissed these tiny
wrinkled lips and touched the closed entrance with my tongue tip. The
tingling tickling of his black hairs ringing the tightly closed anus excited
my tongue and I began to lick and poke my tongue into his sweet ass.

The young Arab began to wriggle about under the captain's heavy body as my
tonguing aroused him sexually till he was writhing as his tiny opening began
to pulse and twitch from my licking tongue and pressing sucking lips.
Captain Walford rolled off the partially crushed lad and lay there held up
on one elbow as he watched my mouth and tongue working the young guy into a
second frenzy. He lay there slowly stroking his soft cock and smiling as he
watched my saliva moistening the twitching muscle, the boy's hairs lying
down slick on his otherwise smooth ass as I licked and sucked, sucked and
licked the juicy aromatic opening that was slowly surrendering to my
persistent mouth.

The lad was slowly surrendering as his anus opened a little at a time to
allow my tongue tip to penetrate his sphincter, the taste of his humid
rectum was tart but delicious as my tongue gradually bored it's way into his
burning hot hole. The boy groaned in ecstasy as he raised his legs spreading
them wide exposing the valley between his wide spread cheeks. My face
burrowed into his flesh as I delved deeper and deeper into his hidden
depths, my tongue tasting the silky smooth crimson walls of his rectum and
colon as his hot inner flesh oozed slick sweet lubricant coating my hungry
tongue.

His body vibrated as he moaned continuously, a keening ululation somewhat
akin to a police siren as he gave himself over to the total nerve rending
stimulation of my face and tongue. His head thrashed back and forth on the
mattress as he writhed and rippled, panting heavily his glazed eyes barely
open in the mask like face, sweat beading on his forehead his mouth open
exposing his tongue reeling about in the orifice like a python as he gargled
words neither the captain nor I could understand. His hands reached down and
tugged my head from his ass and he groaned frantically, " Oh please fuck my
ass, I need you to fill my ass with your big Yankee cock."

I began to lunge my penis against his wet loosened ass lips the fat helmet
began to prise his wet rubbery ring open as I plunged into him repeatedly,
ferociously attacking his hole with my cum gun. He cried out as he felt my
helmet forge into his resisting body I felt his tight hot flesh enfold
around my raging prick as it slid smoothly and forcefully into his tight
rectum. His wails of pain echoed around the cell as I huffed and puffed
ramming my pole in and out of the young firm ass, my sword sheathing and
unsheathing in his hot fleshy scabbard. Captain Walford was bent down with
the lad's dick in his mouth stimulating him to an erection, as his cock had
drooped from the pain of my hard fucking of his gorgeous tight young ass.

I began to hump him rapidly, as my nuts drew up tight swollen with my fiery
cum juice, the boy groaned and whimpered in pain. I lusted to drive my
raging roger into him trying to see it exit his stretched scrawny throat,
the fat head showing from his stretched wet drooling lips. My hips catching
on his prevented my complete entry into his furnace like colon, I pushed as
hard as possible crushing my curly pubic hair against his stretched smooth
ass flesh.

My fucking action sped up till I felt as if I was a blur and I felt my
juices rushing raging up my cock to explode raging into his trembling ass,
the lad felt my cock erupt and his turgid cock flooded the captain's mouth
with his essence. We both erupted simultaneously and bellowed to the roof as
we came as one, gushing spurting flooding as we both climaxed together.

Lying on the bunk all three of us were breathing hard and felt satiated and
completely empty our chests heaved as we sucked air. The boy was trembling
from the extreme high he had experienced, I was idly running my fingers over
his ridged abdominal muscles and up onto his smooth sweat slicked pectorals.
My fingers gently rubbing across his hard little nubs as I brushed back and
forth over his nipples. His tender slim body-quivering ass I stroked then I
asked him softly, " Who killed your friend, were you involved in his death?"

He shuddered and replied, " I told the head officer what he had done and he
deemed it necessary that the boy pay with his life for deserting our Faith
to have sex with you infidels. I was upset that he had left me to go to you
for sex in the showers. I loved him dearly and he insulted me by running to
your sides."

I whispered to him, " Go on tell us what happened after you told your
officer about him."

He cried openly, tears running down his cheeks, " I truly loved him you must
believe me, the officer called to two other officers and they took me with
them to the barracks where he slept. We entered the hut and there he was
lying on his bunk asleep looking so happy and at peace, my heart nearly
burst apart as I looked at my lover."

His sobs increased to the extent his words became unintelligible, his body
wracked by the sobs as he cried on the bunk, I whispered to him, " Let it
out so you can tell us what happened after you went to the barracks."

He cried despondently his body wracked by the sobbing and we both stroked
him gently calming him slowly until he relaxed again just sobbing now and
then. He continued the story, " The officer nodded his arrogant head at my
friend and the other two men grabbed him thrusting his face into the
mattress to stop him calling out, the officer grabbed his briefs and tore
them from his body then grasped his hair and pulled him up stuffing the
soiled ripped briefs into his open mouth. His cries muffled by the dirty
clothing as they dragged him out kicking and struggling into the darkness."

He paused and sobbed again as I gently brushed the damp hair from his
forehead saying, " Go on tell us more, we will deal with the people who
killed your friend."

He shuddered and went on, " They pulled him into the shower block and the
two men held him upright as the officer found a piece of the timber walls
that was split. He broke the 18" rough hewn piece of wood from the wall and
told the men to bend my friend over; they twisted his arms so he was forced
to bend from the waist. The senior officer took the sharply pointed timber
and poked the sharp end into his ass; the briefs jammed in his mouth muffled
my friend's screams. He was writhing in agony as the splintery timber was
driven slowly up his rectum, the blood began to spurt from his abused ass as
the officer drove it further and further up into his body. My friend
eventually fainted held up by the grinning men as they watched fascinated
the boy being impaled on the timber."

I felt hot tears on my cheeks as I cried for the sweet young lad so cruelly
abused by his countrymen, the lad too was again weeping heavily, even the
captain was wiping a tear from his cheeks. After some minutes the lad was
composed enough to continue his story, " The officer realising the boy had
fainted stopped forcing the timber up my friend and walked across to the tap
while the men dragged him across the floor. The officer filled his mouth
with water and spat it into my friends face continuing until he groaned back
to consciousness.

He began again, " The men then pulled him back across the trough in the
toilet and held him there with his cock in full view, the officer stood
there grinning in pleasure as he watched the blood dribbling onto the floor
from the boy's torn ass, he reached out his hand to mine and dragged me
across wrapping my hand around the genitals of my lover."

He gulped frantically trying to stop himself throwing up and then continued;
" I felt the warm soft boy cock and balls in my hand as I held him gently.
The officer told me to pull his genitals up tight and vertical, I obeyed his
orders and stretched my friends beautiful cock and balls up tight as he
whimpered, then the officer showed me a sharp knife as he began to saw
through my friends soft young flesh. He screamed frantically choking on the
soiled briefs as his eyes stood out nearly popping from his face, his body
convulsing as the knife slowly cut through his boyhood, until he again
fainted away and lay limp while the sadistic bastard continued the
emasculation."

His face was unrecognisable as he continued, "I vomited all over the floor
as I watched the shining bloody blade sawing slowly through his genitals,
blood soaking his pubic hair and spurting about 2 feet into the air as the
knife completed the job. The man lifted the limp cock and balls away from
the destroyed groin and he handed them to me demanding I push them into my
friend's mouth. I removed the sodden briefs from his mouth and his eyes
opened staring into mine accusingly as he gasped, " Why Abdul, Why?"

He went on saying, " He was still alive although his face was ashen from the
blood loss, he looked into my eyes and smiled a little and said that he
loved me and always would. The officer slapped my face and told me to stuff
his unworthy genitals into his infidel sucking mouth as he waved the blood
coated knife in my face, I was afraid and I pulled my friends mouth open and
pushed the bloody appendages into his mouth. He coughed and then his body
arched up rigidly and with a loud sigh he went limp and sagged onto the
trough dead. The two men holding him lifted him up and dropped him to the
dirty floor, where he lay oozing the last of his blood out onto the tiles."

I cuddled his quaking sobbing young body to my chest as I said, " It wasn't
your fault although you did inform on him, and those three officers are the
culprits who will pay the price for your friend's death and torture."

The captain stood up and said, " Well sergeant we now need Abdul to identify
the second and third officers I know who the senior officer is, we will let
him rest now and tomorrow we will arrest the three murderers."

With that we left the cell locking the door and leaving the cellblock, the
captain warned the armed guards to be on their toes in case there was an
attempt to kill our witness.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2004 08:00:30 +1000
From: james robinson
Subject: Iraq a War Story, The Search

This story is a product of my imagination and has never occurred as far as I 
know; if you are enjoying the tale please don't hesitate to let me know.
All emails will be answered except flames which will be extinguished on 
receipt, please ensure you put the story name on your email or it may be 
inadvertently deleted.
The usual warnings apply to this story, it contains sex between men and 
teenaged boys etc. etc. -----.
Please send your emails to justjames17@hotmail.com.


   Iraq A War Story, the Search.                            Justjames17.


We left the compound carrying the dead mutilated young man on the stretcher 
accompanied by the armed guards, the prisoners were glowering and muttering 
curses upon our infidel heads. We carried the boy away to the infirmary then 
contacted the Arabic adviser to ask what should be done with his remains, he 
advised that he would join us post haste and check the boy's body out.

He arrived half an hour later bowing over his clasped hands and almost 
grovelling to us, we escorted him into the infirmary where the body was laid 
out after being cleaned up. He raised the sheet to see the genitals severed 
and lying between the glabrous thighs, his face went pale as the bloodless 
boy and he began to shiver, his eyes were wide and he looked at us then 
asked, " Where were his genitals when you found him? Were they lodged in his 
mouth?"

The captain said, " Yes that is where they had been stuffed, what does it 
mean?"

The adviser said, " He was unclean and will never enter Heaven, they 
emasculate unclean men and make them eat their genitals. He cannot enter 
heaven the way he is he is no longer a man."

I became angry and said, " Well what will we do with his body? He cannot 
stay here in the Infirmary we must bury him somehow."

The Arab just shook his head and said, " It is for you to bury him, and no 
true believer will touch him now. You could throw his remains out and let 
the animals feed on the carrion if you so wish."

I saw red and reached out grabbing the man's burnoose dragging him against 
my chest as I raised my fist to smash him in the face, the captain barked at 
me, " Sergeant enough let him go, let's not make things worse by assaulting 
him."

I dropped him and stepped back as the swarthy face smiled at my 
embarrassment, I desperately wanted to wipe the smile off his supercilious 
face but the glare from my superior officer silenced me. The Arab turned and 
walked out the door and left the area, I collapsed onto a chair and held my 
head in my hands trying to regain my composure. The captain came across the 
room and placed an arm around my shoulders and hugged me saying, " It's ok 
Sergeant, I understand exactly how you feel I too wanted to do him harm, we 
just can't do it in the current situation. We will have to ease our feelings 
by catching the guy or guys responsible for the atrocity."

I stood up and thanked the captain who detailed off four men to take care of 
the burial detail and organise a coffin, he then asked the Chaplain to 
perform a burial ceremony of some sort. He organised the service for the 
next morning and we would make it a military funeral, even though he was an 
enemy combatant he deserved some sort of ceremony.

The captain asked me if I could remember the man who was having sex with him 
in the shower block, I told him I would recognise him if I saw him and he 
agreed that he could as well. He told me that he was going to hold a parade 
of prisoners and we would walk the ranks and see if we could find our 
suspect, I was eager to begin but he said we would hold it after the midday 
mess. The time taken eating dragged on and on interminably, I wasn't really 
hungry and I was desperate to get out into the compound and locate the dark 
lad who had been having sex with the dead boy when we discovered them in the 
shower block. Finally the captain arrived in the mess hall and nodded to me 
that it was time for our inspection, I hurriedly arose and followed him from 
the mess area.

We exited the shade of the air-conditioned building and the hot blast of the 
midday desert sun hit us like a blast furnace, the myriad of small black 
flies milled about us trying to enter any orifice they could locate. We did 
the continual Australian bushman's salute waving our hands ineffectually 
trying to chase them away; all it did was keep them milling about us. 
Entering the prison compound we were confronted by the serried ranks of 
sullen men and youths, glowering in our direction and spitting on the dusty 
ground as we approached the front rank. The constant mutter of curses 
rippled through the over heated air as we began to closely inspect the faces 
of the prisoners.

The array of sullen dark swarthy faces glaring at us with sardonic 
expressions was a trifle unnerving as we walked slowly along the front rank, 
the bearded aquiline Arabic countenances of the older men and the hairless 
but non the less arrogant expressions of the younger men filled our eyes as 
we passed slowly along the ranks. In the middle rank I saw a face I was sure 
I remembered, the same expression I saw when we interrupted the sex act 
between the two lads. I glared into his black eyes and his gaze dropped as 
he looked away towards the dusty ground, I saw an imperceptible drooping in 
his stance ass he realised I had recognised him. I reached out my hand and 
grabbed him by his shirt and dragged him from the rank, the neighbouring men 
grasped his arms trying to pull him away from my grip.

The guards saw the reaction and movement in the men around us and 
immediately rushed in swinging their batons striking out hard at the men 
surrounding the three of us. The armed guards also tightened their grip on 
their weapons and began to look as though they were ready to spray the 
prisoners with bullets, the Arabs realised that the situation was not going 
their way so they parted and allowed us to frog march the lad out into the 
open and drag him towards the gate. The lad cursed and swore as he kicked 
and twisted in my grip, we exited the compound and dragged him into the 
administration building where he was hustled along the passageway to be 
thrown into the prison cell at the end of the row. His body flew across the 
cell to crash into the wall and he collapsed onto the floor semi conscious, 
we entered behind him and shut the cell door and I raised him from the floor 
and I tore the shirt off his slim hard muscular body.

The sight of his muscular swarthy torso with it's defined musculature and 
prominent ribs was quite erotic as he stood there trembling but arrogant as 
we looked him over, I studied the shirt closely and discovered a small dark 
bloodstain on the seam of one pocket. I was sure we had at least one of the 
perpetrators of the atrocity committed on the young lad. I showed the 
captain he nodded in agreement and I gripped the lad by his scrawny neck and 
kneed him hard in the nuts, he grunted as his body lifted from the floor 
with the force of my kneeing, his expression of haughty arrogance changed in 
the instant to abject pain as he struggled to breathe.

I let go of his throat and he fell to the floor curling into the foetal 
position as he tried to protect his aching goolies, I laughed at his misery 
and said, " That is nothing to what you are going to get, you murderous 
little scum bag. The pain and misery you caused your young friend is going 
to be visited on you until you admit you killed him and who your accomplices 
are."

He lay there clutching his bruised balls as he groaned and gasped for air, I 
pulled back my booted foot and slammed it into his kidneys lifting him from 
the floor and sending him across the room to fetch up against the legs of 
the bunk in the corner. He lay there with tears of pain coursing down his 
agonised face as we coldly watched him writhing in agony. The captain 
offered me a cigarette and I took one to settle my nerves and to calm down, 
we smoked in silence as we watched the lad slowly recover from his pain. He 
glared at us and pursed his lips spitting and sending a globule of spittle 
arcing through the air to splatter on my boot.

I looked down at the whitish froth clinging to my polished boot and I 
laughed evilly as I walked across to the lout, I bent down and grasped his 
hair tightly in my fist and dragged him across the floor pushing his face 
onto my boot saying, " Clean your foul essence off my clean boot you dirty 
little toe rag or you will suffer even more pain than you can imagine." He 
struggled trying to pull away as I ground his nose into the shiny leather, 
the captain bent down and grasped the lad's scrotum in his massive hand and 
he began to crush the swollen throbbing orbs. The lad's cries of pain were 
muffled as I pushed my boot into his open moaning mouth, he began to choke 
as my boot spread his lips wider until they seemed as though they would 
split open. He rolled onto his back as he began to arch up into the crushing 
grip trying to alleviate the pain from his almost crushed balls.

The captain was enjoying the feeling of the young cum filled balls as he 
ground them about in his hand, the nuts were semi hard and rubbery and he 
could feel them yielding as he squeezed them hard. He decided to pull the 
lad's trousers down so he could access the nuggets easier; he unzipped the 
trousers and popped the top button then yanked them down quickly exposing 
the genitals. He studied the heavily haired nut sack and fingered the hairy 
perineum as it disappeared into his tightly clenched ass cheeks. The young 
man was groaning in pain but still cursing us in Arabic and the captain 
asked me to pick up the digital camera and take some pictures of his sexual 
play with the lad.

He crushed the nuts and told the boy to open his legs wide after pulling 
down the trousers to the lad's feet, the boy resisted until the pain 
overcame his resistance and he collapsed and opened his hairy legs. The 
captain began to tease the tight-pursed ass lips with his finger and the lad 
tried to wriggle away but the pressure on his gonads stopped his movement. 
The boy's anal nerves began to react to the gentle massaging and his tight 
hole began to relax under the manipulation, I was busy photographing the 
anal action. The lad began to relax and the captain stopped the squeezing of 
his nuggets and his finger broached the tight wrinkled muscle guarding the 
lad's anus, the boy gasped and as the man twisted and curled the invasive 
digit around inside the hot silky tunnel.

The lad began to enjoy the manipulations and was soon humming with pleasure; 
the captain worked a second finger deep into the still tight pucker as the 
boy began to react pleasurably to the erotic invasion. He mentally may have 
hated us as infidels but his body reacted to our stimuli like any other 
young sexually aroused guy, he began to moan as the captain forced a second 
finger into his furnace like inner body. The movement of the man's fingers 
soon had the tight brown lips opening further and wider as the guttural 
groans echoed around the cell. My penis was hard and throbbing in my uniform 
as I watched and photographed the action, I caught some incredible pictures 
of the lad's face as he rocked back and forth in a sexual frenzy. His black 
eyes squinted almost closed as he drooled and panted from the sensual 
sensations raging through his slender frame.

The photos of his ass close up as the fingers stretched his tight ring, 
opening his rectum to the air exposing the deep crimson shiny lining of his 
bowels, the entry of the captain's third finger hardly caused a ripple as 
the ring loosened to accept the invader. The captain began to rapidly push 
in and pull back as he flexed the bunched digits apart spreading the hot 
hole, the lad's groaning became a constant ululation of erotic joy as his 
body was wracked with exquisite pleasure as the hard button of his prostate 
was manipulated violently.

His cock was rampantly stretched up his abdomen pumping gouts of clear pre 
cum onto the brown flesh, it filled his navel and dribbled down his sides 
onto the floor, my mouth watered at the sight of his tasty juices pumping 
out the swollen piss hole onto his tensed muscular gut. The captain began to 
undress while working the boy's loosened ass, he pulled down his trousers 
and boxers exposing his thick club like cock, it too was dribbling freely, 
he grasped one leg of the lad and pulled him closer to his groin then he 
whipped his ass juice slicked fingers out of the lad and quickly lifted both 
legs up pulling the stupefied lad onto his hard pole. The slick purple 
helmet pierced the slack ass lips as the lad groaned in pain, the man 
entered into the slim body in one hard thrust of his hips and he sighed in 
pleasure at the feeling of the tight hot silky innards as the prick filled 
the lad's anus.

I caught the insertion on the camera in video mode as the lad grimaced in 
pain then a dreamy blissful expression passed over his swarthy countenance 
as he felt the thick tool caressing his love button. His facial expression 
changed as the hard flesh pulled back, a lost empty look clouded his visage 
as his body emptied of warm cock, then the man hammered back into his hole, 
as he grasped the prominent hip bones pulling the slim body hard against his 
groin. The lad grunted as his body stretched internally to take the forceful 
insertion, the captain's heavy full balls thudding into the boy's shiny 
stretched ass. The captain now began a forceful hard fucking action driving 
in and out like a pile driver, the sound of his grunting and the boy's 
gasping and groaning drove me to whip out my turgid tool and poke it into 
the lad's open mouth.
The insertion of my hard prick muffled the lad's sounds as I pushed it hard 
into his corded throat; I filmed the insertion on the camera then adjusted 
the lad's head to open his throat fully to allow me to drive deep into him. 
He gagged frantically as I pushed deeper hitting the back of his throat then 
as I poked harder he opened up and I slid up to my pubes into his warm wet 
orifice. The lad looked as though he was on a spit with a pole inserted into 
his tensed body from each end and the captain and I set up a motion 
together, he pushed in as I pulled back then we reversed until we were 
humping him like clockwork.

The lad was out of it his body completely possessed by our cocks, he was 
gasping for breath and groaning frantically, then I saw the captain's 
stomach muscles tense and he began to lose the rhythm as he panted, his eyes 
glazing over and his sweaty face raised up till I could see his corded 
throat. He bellowed out incoherently and rammed hard and deep into the lad 
and I could see him trembling as he unloaded. The boy felt the hot discharge 
flooding his guts and he blew a huge load all over himself as I rammed 
deeper into him and cascaded my sperm deep into his throat where it ran down 
into his stomach.

The captain clasped my shoulders and pulled us together still embedded in 
the wiry young body, he opened his lips and kissed me sloppily and our 
tongues tangled together entwining and stroking inside his mouth. The lad 
was sandwiched between our groins and I felt his hand slide up my muscular 
stomach as the captain shivered and I looked down to see the lad's other 
hand caressing his tight abs. The lad, a true believer, was now lost in a 
sexual haze as he stroked two infidels who had fucked his body from both 
ends. As we calmed down he realised what he was doing and dropped both hands 
to his chest and a look of disgust then animosity crossed his face.

We pulled out our now flaccid cocks and we knelt there breathing heavily as 
we smiled at him, he looked away and muttered under his breath obviously 
cursing us by the sound of his voice. I looked down into his fathomless 
black eyes and smiled triumphantly as I ran my hand over his cum coated 
torso, raising my wet sticky hand to my mouth and tasted him slowly and 
sensuously as I smelt his aroma and licked my tongue slowly up my fingers. 
The captain followed my action and licked his cum coated fingers then he 
bent down and licked the still gaping ass hole tasting the mix of his cum 
and the lad's ass lubricant. The lad moaned and trembled at the slow sensual 
tonguing of his still excited ass, the captain slid his tongue deeper inside 
the dark orifice scooping a load of the hot mixture into his mouth then he 
rose up and we kissed tasting the heady mixture.

We enjoyed the kiss and the flavour of the fuck juices but the time had come 
to now question the lad as to what had happened to his friend. We stood up 
and tidied our uniforms and looked down at the lad, as he lay naked on the 
floor, I told him to get up and stand to attention but received no response. 
He lay there on his back cum cooling on his body and dripping from his 
abused ass hole, he was looking daggers at us as we towered above him 
laughing at his expression. I reached down and pulled him up by his greasy 
hair till he howled in pain and stood up on his own volition, he was 
obviously in a little pain from his stretched fucked rear end as he stood in 
front of us trembling.

I asked him what had occurred to his friend in the shower block, he remained 
silent and looking daggers at us, I punched him in the stomach and as he 
doubled over I hit him under the chin knocking him out and he fell to the 
floor as if he was poleaxed. We lifted him off the floor and placed him on 
the bunk and the captain told me to go and get some rope to restrain the 
lad. I hurried out and found some outside the cell area then hurried back 
and tied the lad wrist to ankle on each side, he lay there arched and 
unconscious as we studied his quite attractive slim body. I felt sad that 
the lad was involved in the demise and torture of the other young boy but we 
were positive this guy was involved if not the perpetrator of the 
disgraceful episode.

The Arab lag moaned and twitched as he regained his senses and he tried to 
straighten out on the bunk but the restraints stopped him from achieving his 
wishes, he opened his eyes and saw us standing there watching him. He looked 
puzzled and frightened until his brain cleared and he realised where he was 
and who we were, then the old expression of hatred clouded his face. I 
stepped in and gripped his hair tugging his face up from the bunk and asked 
again who had murdered his young friend, he gasped in pain and said, " He 
wasn't my friend I was just getting my sexual pleasure with him, he was an 
outcaste because he was a lover of men. He deserved to die after allowing 
you two to have your way with him."

I grinned at him and said, " Well my little friend you too will have to die 
the same horrific way because you too have just enjoyed sex with two 
infidels haven't you?"

He was silent for a minute as the idea entered his narrow closed mind then 
his face turned white, as he realised he was in the same position as the 
young lad who had died so horribly. He blinked and then seemed to become 
more confident as he said, " Yes but no one knows what I have been forced to 
do with you, so it won't happen to me."

I laughed nastily and replied, " Oh really you think that you are safe 
because it happened here out of sight of your mates, well I've got news for 
you my dark young friend it has all been captured on video and pictures of 
you enjoying the sex can be shown to your leaders in the camp."

The lad blanched and began to tremble as he realised his days were numbered 
then he broke into tears begging us to destroy the pictures, I said, " No 
way lad you killed your mate and you deserve to die too."

He lay there crying hysterically, tears and snot dribbling down his 
distraught face, he begging us not to kill him or show his superiors the 
camera shots of him enjoying sex with us, then went on telling us he would 
explain what had occurred to the dead boy.

Here we leave the cellblock and maybe we will return to Iraq to find out the 
facts of the murder and torture of the innocent young Arab.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Tue, 23 Mar 2004 10:32:12 +1100
From: james robinson
Subject: IRAQ, A War Story. Chapter2, The Compound.

This story is a figment of my imagination and has never happened to my
knowledge.
My thanks to the rapid response to this story, I wasn't planning on writing
the next chapter till I finished the nautical saga I'm writing called The
Training Ship in the Adult/Youth section, but due to the many responses I
decided to write the next chapter.
Your comments are eagerly sought please contact me on
justjames17@hotmail.com, all emails replied to but flames extinguished on
receipt.
Remember to donate a few dollars to the Nifty Site to keep it free so you
can continue to read the incredible stories.


               Iraq, Part 2.
                justjames17.

The captain asked me if I would like a tour of the prison camp and I said
that I'd love to have a look at the facilities. He placed his hand on my
shoulder and gave me a squeeze as he said, " OK sergeant come on we'll go
see what we can see."

We left the administration building and strolled out into the warm sunshine
the temperature was high and perspiration broke out instantly as we walked
across to the high-electrified fence topped with razor wire. The guard on
duty at the gate into the prison compound snapped to attention at our
approach and he saluted the captain as his eyes looked at me summing up who
I was in a flash. He opened the gate and we entered the dusty much trodden
exercise area, the prisoners were lethargic in the heat and most were either
sitting in what little shade there was or flaked out on the ground with
their arms folded across their faces shading them from the intense sunlight.

We walked around the compound and reached a shower block where we could hear
water spraying, we looked in through the entrance and there were two
prisoners sharing one showerhead. They were teenagers about 16 or 18 and
both were naked and showing erections as they washed one another, both lads
were dark skinned with slender builds making their aroused cocks look even
larger although neither was small by any means. The taller slightly older
boy was a real stunner, slim but incredibly well built every muscle showing
clearly through his bronze skin, his chest was very well developed with
large pads of pectoral muscle adorned with tactile darker bronze nipples.

His chest was lightly covered with black hair slicked down flat on his
smooth flesh by the spraying water, my eyes coursed down over his tight six
pack following the trail of hair running down the centre of his body, his
deep navel surrounded by the black hair then the slim trail began to widen
as it neared his raging hard 7inch penis standing out at a 45 degree angle
to his hirsute groin. The pillars of his slender but well muscled legs
dropped down to the large slim feet standing firmly in the cascading water.

His younger companion was slightly heavier build although certainly not fat,
his body softer muscled and almost completely smooth and hairless. His
colouring was a lighter bronze, slightly paler in comparison to his
companion; the only real hair on his body was a small tight clump at the
base of his erect penis. The boy's weapon was a nice plump 5 inches of very
juicy suck able boy flesh. The younger lad was gripping the older boy's hard
cock stroking it as he arched forward into his grip his head arched back
mouth open and grunting in ecstasy. Neither lad saw us standing there
quietly perving on their fun, and the older guy suddenly arched further into
his friends hand and began to erupt. Seven or eight ropes later the guy was
doubled over groaning as the boy kept milking his penis, we could see the
pearly white semen dribbling down into the swirling water.

The boy looked at his friend's red panting face and bent to kiss him on his
gasping mouth, he clutched the wet hair as he planted his soft full lips
onto the gaping mouth of the panting depleted lad. The older boy was bent
over exposing his hairy ass cleft and his face was resting on the younger
boy's abdomen just above the pink helmet of the boy's rigid prick. The boy
gradually pushed the older one's face down till he accepted the erect 5
inches into his mouth, his panting became muffled as he closed his lips
around the turgid tool. He swallowed the cock to the pubic hair and the
younger lad arched forward his eyes closed and an expression of pure bliss
on his youthful face as he began to face fuck his friend his hands locked in
the thick black hair holding the head stationary as he rocked back and
forth.

The captain was watching me watching the prisoners, he was aroused by the
erotic sight as I was, my penis was in full bloom pushing against my uniform
trousers he noticed the lump growing in my groin and before I knew it his
hand was squeezing me as he stroked my pulsing pole. I jerked in fright as I
felt the hand grasp me then I looked down and saw it was him and I relaxed
to his soft touch, he smiled and whispered in my ear, " Are you enjoying
your tour of the facility? Your cock seems to be saying you are."

I just pushed into his grasp and he squeezed me harder as he jerked my cock,
my eyes were locked on the two Arab lads in their lust crazed actions, then
the younger lad groaned and cried out something unintelligible. He arched
hard into his friends face as his nuts erupted pulsing what looked like a
huge discharge of hot young cum into the gulping throat of his friend. The
guy was choking and spluttering on the flood of sperm as the cock in his
mouth spurted again and again, time after time, the fresh cum oozed from his
stretched lips and ran dribbling from his nostrils as he gagged and choked
on the sweet hot cum. He began to shudder and as we watched he blew a second
load from his own cock all over his friend's shins and feet, he had erupted
spontaneously without wanking his cock.

My cock, with the stimulation of the captain's hand and the sight of these
two young studs ejaculating, began to climax and I felt the hot tingling
sensation start at my feet and rush up into my gonads as my cock spewed
thick juice into my khaki boxers. The captain kept wanking me till I grasped
his hand to stop him tormenting my depleted super sensitive knob in it's
saturated cum coated covering. The younger prisoner opened his eyes, maybe
I'd made some slight sound, he looked straight at me and an expression of
complete horror passed over his handsome face. He pulled his cock from his
friend's mouth and covered himself with his hands as he tried to hide his
genitals from the infidels. His friend looked up an expression of pure
animosity on his aquiline face, his almost black fathomless eyes glaring at
us as he rose from his knees covering himself at the same time.

He stood proudly and arrogantly glaring at us muttering curses in our
direction, his younger friend just stood there his eyes wide as he watched
my uniform trousers absorbing the huge load of semen and turning dark from
the moisture. He licked his lips absentmindedly as he watched the cum stain
spread, the captain was licking his hand removing the slight amount of juice
that had soaked through onto his clutching squeezing hand. The older Arab
said something venomously to the boy and turned leaving him standing there
in a daze seemingly entranced watching my trousers, he lowered his hands to
his sides exposing his again rigid prick to our view.
The captain moved across to him and gently took the turgid flesh into his
hand, the boy was trembling as he felt the man fondle his cock he murmured
something under his breath and closed his eyes. He relaxed when he found the
captain wasn't going to hurt him and he began to rock his tool back and
forth into the enclosing hand. I moved across close to them and the lad
placed his warm hand onto my saturated trousers, he felt the wet juice and
squeezed the sodden material in his fingers. He raised his hand to his nose
inhaling my scent from his damp fingers; he tasted the moisture with his
pink tongue and smiled tentatively.

The captain was squatting down sucking the boy's cock rapturously, the boy
was entranced his eyes closing to mere slits as the captain swabbed the
sensitive knob with his tongue as he suckled on the warm thick shaft. The
boy grasped my belt and undid it pulling my zipper down and dropping my
trousers then pulled down my sodden boxers he grasped my semi hard cock and
began to smoothly work it up till it was hard and pulsing in his warm hand.
He looked into my eyes and whispered, " You have sex with me please?"

I looked into his deep brown eyes and saw the longing in their soft depths,
I nodded and moved behind him bending down I pried his round soft ass cheeks
apart and kissed his sweet smelling pucker, he groaned aloud and thrust hard
into the captain's orifice. He was beginning to pant and I thought I had
better enter him quickly in case he began to blow his load; I lined up my
knob against the tight wrinkled lips of his hole and began to lean into him.
I felt him tighten up in resistance to the invader and he grunted as I kept
the pressure building on his anus, then he seemed to push down and I felt
him relax a little and my purple knob spread his elastic circle of muscle
open enough to enter the dark humid hole.

The captain was playing with the lad's nut sack and perineum and he felt the
tension increase as my cock spread him open, he slid his fingers through to
feel my knob embedded in the tight hole and began to play with my pole as I
slid it in bit by bit. The boy was wincing and drawing deep quick breaths as
my penis sorted it's way into his body, his grunts of pain only spurred me
on as I pushed harder and deeper into the incredibly hot slippery velvet
bowels. My pubes finally squashed hard against the smooth warm flesh of his
ass cheeks I moaned ecstatically at the suppleness of the boy's insides. The
feeling of his bowel muscles squeezing on my penis trying to expel it was
unbelievable, it added to the experience as I began to pump him slowly and
gently getting his body used to my prick.

The lad was beginning to push back on my thick cock as he fucked himself on
my cock and thrust into the captain's sucking mouth, he began to moan in
unison with my grunting on each in thrust. He suddenly whimpered and
tightened on my prick as he began to cum into the captain's gob, his anus
tightened incredibly as his body spasmed my own climax rushed up my body
like an express train and I blasted my juice into his hot body over and over
as he too pumped his sweet young sperm into the captain's mouth. The boy
folded slowly over onto the captain as he wilted from the strenuous climax,
I held onto his supple slim young body as I groaned still emptying my
remaining semen into his stretched tight hole.

We all stripped off and showered together with the young lad between us as
we washed one another, the captain bent down and opened the boy's ass
pressing his lips to the abused hole then began to tongue and suck the juicy
mixture from his rectum. The boy looked at me in amazement as he felt the
suction and tongue writhing about in his body. He asked me if it was good to
do what the captain was doing, I told him it could be as long as the person
was freshly showered as we were. He nodded saying, " It feels very strange
but it is not unpleasant, in fact it is quite incredible."

The captain finally cleaned out the tasty mixture and stood up exchanging
some with each of us as he kissed us hungrily, the boy tentatively tasted
the mixture of cum and ass lubricant and nodded saying, " It tastes strange
but very good I think."

We showered off and then dressed and the boy left the showers while we
continued our tour, I was astounded at the amount of eye candy as these
young Arabs stripped off in the hot sunlight while they kicked a soccer ball
around the compound. We finally had covered the whole area including the
sleeping huts, kitchens and ablution areas. We returned to the gates and
exited the area heading back to the administration building. The captain
took me through to his office again and shut the door, then turned smiling
and asked, " Well did you enjoy your introduction to the prison camp?"

I smiled and replied, " Yes it was quite an eye opener, that young lad was
incredibly beautiful and sexy, I would love to have him for my lover or bed
mate."

The captain looked thoughtfully at me and asked, " Are you sure you would
enjoy that, I might be able to allot him to you as a servant if you wish."

I thought for a minute and nodded, " Yes I think he would enjoy it much more
than being a prisoner in there."

The captain squeezed my thigh and said, " Well I'll see if we can organise
it tomorrow, can you wait till then?"

I laughed and replied, " Yes I think after our fun and games in the shower
block I can say I'm depleted for tonight."

The captain said, " Ok sergeant we will see about your servant in the
morning, you can go and relax till mess time, then you can sleep till
reveille at 6am. I'll see you in the morning."

I saluted the captain spun on my heels and marched out heading for the
accommodation area. I found my room and stripped off my cum stained clothing
and slipped on a clean pair of boxers then collapsed onto my bunk I slept
for a couple of hours then headed for the mess area, as I entered the
captain called me aside and said, " You'd better come with me there has been
a development."

We hurried from the building and headed for the prisoner's compound, the
gate guard opened the gate and saluted the captain as we hurried past him,
we almost ran to the shower block where we had enjoyed the young Arab and
saw troops in a cordon around the area, we entered the block and there we
saw the young lad lying on the wet bloody floor, he was naked his genitals
had been cut off and stuffed in his mouth leaving a gaping bloody hole in
his groin and a large jump of wood jammed up his rectum. I vomited on the
spot and the captain followed suit. The horrid sight would be indelibly
imprinted on my brain; the poor boy had been horribly abused, mutilated and
murdered because he had dared to enjoy sex with infidels.

My mind blazed with anger to think the quiet sweet youngster had been
treated in this abysmally cruel fashion and I vowed I would locate and deal
with the perpetrators of this criminal act in the very near future. The
captain looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, " Sergeant we will
find out who did this and they will pay with their lives I can guarantee you
that."

We lifted the lifeless lad up and carried him out placing him on a stretched
and the guard party escorted us from the compound as the silent crowd of
prisoners watched cursing us and heckling us in their own tongue.

To be continued shortly.

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2004 10:19:23 +1100
From: james robinson
Subject: Iraq, a War Story.

This story is a figment of my imagination, it has not happened to my
knowledge; any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.
If you don't like gay sex or sex between men/ boys or men/men please leave
now, if you are under 18 or not of legal age please leave. Otherwise I hope
you enjoy the story, any comments please send to justjames17@hotmail.com,
flames will be extinguished on receipt.

	 Iraq - a Nightmare for Me--------------------justjames17

We were deployed from our base in Kuwait and crossed over the border into
Sadaam's fiefdom, there was no real opposition for many kilometres then we
contacted a platoon of what had to be conscripts, who put up a meagre
display of trying to stop our advance. They fired a few hundred rounds in
our general direction and as soon as we opened up with our heavy machine
guns they ceased firing and waved a white flag. We approached them weapons
at the ready and they just stood there with their hands raised in the air,
reaching for the sky.

We surrounded them and told them to drop all their weapons and demanded that
they strip so we could check they had no concealed arms. They hesitated and
we fired a few rounds into the ground at their feet, this had the effect we
needed and they immediately began stripping to their underwear. These troops
were mainly mid to late teens, only the officers were slightly older maybe
early 20's, they stood there almost naked as we surveyed them closely. There
were a few stunning young Arab boys in the group with nicely tanned bodies
and good baskets in their briefs, they were all terrified and trembling in
their boots as we slowly walked around the prisoners. When we made certain
no weapons, other than the fleshy ones that were hidden by their underwear,
were to be found we told them to put on just their trousers and shirts, they
complied with alacrity and stood there with their heads hung low looking
completely downcast and defeated, except for one young stud who was standing
there with a massive hard on tenting out his discoloured white briefs as he
trembled in what I thought was fear.

We called in for a truck to come out and pick up these poor kids and take
them back for interrogation and we stood around chatting to them after
finding a few of them spoke quite good English. They told us they were
university students who were members of their University Regiment, something
like a Cadet Corps, or National Service group not a true military unit. We
became quite friendly with the guys and offered them cigarettes and
chocolate bars which they accepted gratefully as they had virtually no
supplies for 4 days. We stayed with them joking and chatting till the trucks
arrived and they were removed back behind the lines. I couldn't get the
memory of the few really cute boys standing there trembling in their briefs
out of my mind, especially the horny dude with the hard on. He was a truly
handsome guy with dark swarthy skin, flashing almost black eyes, a great
slender but well developed muscular body and only a little hair in his pits
and a thin trail of black hair running from his navel to the top of his
bulging briefs.

I kept shaking my head trying to clear my mind of these unasked for
memories, I wasn't gay in the least and my last male to male encounter was
when I was 16, that was 9 years ago. Since then I have been strictly
heterosexual and was engaged to be married in the near future, but the
vision of that horny guy just kept returning in my mind and I had to settle
my aching hard on into the vertical position inside my clothes. I hoped none
of my platoon buddies noticed my barring up but I'm sure they didn't, as
they would have given me hell about it. We continued our advance into the
desert heading for Basra, a long way in front of us; our armoured Personnel
carriers clattered their way across the rough dusty desert.

Dark descended so we set up our bivouac and settled down to catch some z's
after setting guards for the night, all was quiet except for the slowly
increasing wind as it sighed across the desolate landscape, which reminded
me of a moonscape. In the early hours of the morning we awoke to a sudden
increase in the wind strength and sand blowing in our faces, as a major sand
storm seemed to be developing. The stinking grit got into everything ears,
nostrils, eyes and penetrated our clothes so that we felt itchy and filthy,
our equipment was covered in the foul grains and we felt like hell. It was
my time to go out on guard and I grumbled and staggered out into the
blinding storm I had to keep wiping my goggles so I could see where I was
going, not that I could see more than 10 feet anyway. I settled down in the
small fox hole and began peering out in front of my position, what a
complete waste of time it was we should have locked ourselves into the APCs
and gone to sleep. I thought to myself there won't be anyone prowling around
in this crap weather anyway, so I hunkered down and decided to make the best
of a bad situation, little did I know what was about to occur.

I must have been dozing on and off when I felt a hand grasp my mouth pulling
my head back as far as it would go and the shocking feel of naked steel at
my bared distended throat. I froze not daring to move as I was pulled slowly
to my feet, the sharp edge never leaving my stretched neck then I felt
another pair of hands grasp my rifle ripping it from my nerveless hands.
These hands then began feeling me all over removing my field kit; grenades
etc., once all my weapons were taken from me the hands felt their way down
my chest, stomach and hips till they reached my groin where they felt up my
flaccid cock. The knife blade never moved from my throat as I swallowed in
fear, my Adam's apple bobbing over the sharp steel, as I began to become
aroused unwillingly to the manipulations of the assaulting hands on my
genitals.

My penis slowly reached it's vertical engorged position and the hands began
to squeeze and stroke me through my camouflage clothing I could feel my cock
beginning to leak into my boxers as it pulsed to the squeezes. The hands
fumbled my uniform open and I felt the incredible sensation of wet moist
lips swallowing my raging hot prick, I moaned quietly petrified to make too
much noise in case the knife slit my throat to silence me. As the mouth
sucked me I could feel hands undoing my trousers and pulling them down then
grasping my shorts as the mouth let my cock out, my boxers were ripped down
and the mouth took me back to it's warm moist tongue teasing. I arched my
hips into the suctioning orifice till my pubes were crushed against the top
lip and nose of my attacker; I could feel something hard and hot pressing
into my ass cheeks.




                                                                       3






I thought no way I can't take a dick inside my body and I grunted as I tried
to shake my head indicating the negative, but the knife pressed harder into
my straining flesh till I felt the sharp pain as the blade sliced into my
soft flesh. I could feel a warm wet substance seeping down my throat onto my
chest and I realised I was bleeding freely, my body froze and I realised
these guys were ruthless and didn't care if they sliced me into pieces so I
went limp and let them have their way with my unresisting body.

The hard lump pressed into my arse cheeks kept up it's steady pressure and
gradually forced it's round head into my virginal sphincter, slowly
stretching me painfully till as I whimpered it suddenly parted my tight
locked muscle. I groaned in pain as the thick hot meat was relentlessly
pushed into my guts. The mouth in front on my cock was sucking me feverishly
and deep throating my 7 inches without any trouble, the experience of my
smooth glans hitting his throat and sliding into it's depths in part took my
mind off the pain in my rear end as that cock was pounding into my velvety
tight tube. I could feel the breath of the guy ravishing my arse hot on the
back of my neck as he thundered in and out of my tortured anus, the feeling
of the thin lining of my bowel dragging in and out of my sphincter on his
prick was excruciating as he hadn't used any lubricant other than his pre
cum. If it hadn't been for the head job being done in front I think I would
have been screaming in pain and probably been dead or dying as they fucked
and sucked me after slitting my throat to silence me.

As the guy behind me bottomed out in my guts I began to feel the stirrings
of pleasure in his thrusting invasion of my body, then as they both had
their pleasure I too began to feel the utter joy as my body was used so
fully. I began to feel my climax approaching as I felt the cock in my bum
swelling larger and spreading my tube wider as he began to approach
ejaculation. I cried out, " I'm cumming."

I forced my cock hard into the sucking mouth and throat and as I began to
pump my juice out my arse clenched on the invading penis. The cock swelled
until I thought he would burst inside me then he groaned in Arabic and I
felt him erupt into my body and felt the scalding hot sperm flooding my
orifice. He kept pumping me as he blew until I could hear a squishy sound as
his cock forced his cum out of my arse ring around his thick pounding prick

When he finished ejaculating he pumped a few more times stirring the creamy
juice in my arse then he pulled back and tore his cock from me and he
reached out grasped my shoulders and turned me around. He then forced me to
my knees with the knife still on my neck and thrust his slimy juice covered
strong smelling cock against my lips. I shook my head but the knife began to
push harder into my throat and I was forced to open my mouth taking him and
sucking the juices from his prick. When I had cleaned




                                                                       4





him he pulled it out and slapped my face several times with his saliva
covered meat, he then lifted me up again and tied my hands behind my back,
indicated that I should walk out into the sand storm, he wouldn't let me
pull up my trousers and several times I fell heavily as my legs became
entangled in my trousers. The two guys would grab my arms and drag me
upright thrusting their rifles into my unresisting body as they drove me on
into the storm.

After some distance I made out a shape in the flying sand and as we got
nearer I saw it was a jeep of some type, they signed for me to get into the
passenger seat and the second guy climbed into the back with his rifle
muzzle against my spine as the other soldier jumped into the drivers seat
and started the engine. We motored off into the blinding storm and drove for
about an hour till we reached a village where we stopped and they intimated
I get out and enter a small building, inside was a group of young Iraqi
troops all in various states of undress and sporting hard cocks obviously
enjoying themselves immensely. They all stopped in mid action and looked at
me as I stood there with my trousers round my feet and my genitals hidden
under my hanging shirttails. I could see the excitement as they studied my
half naked form and quite a few tongues were visible licking moist lips.

I was shoved further into the room and tripped on my daks and I fell to the
dirt floor on my side, my breath driven from my body as I hit the floor, the
two guys nearest to me moved close and lifted my shirt up baring my muscular
body to the view of everyone. I heard hushed excited voices as they saw my
naked sex on show and there was a lot of movement as they shifted and closed
in on me, I could feel hand caressing me all over from the waist down.
Fingers probing into my wet oozing anus began to pull my tight muscle apart
as others grasped my dimpled cheeks and spread them open as far as they
could. Tongues were touching my flesh and sucking my anus as the juices
seeped out, I groaned and began to twist and writhe with the incredible
sensations caused by the multitude of fingers and hands caressing, fondling,
spreading, probing, pinching and tickling. Then the incredible feeling of
hot wet moist mouths and tongues sucking and licking all over my tensed hard
abdomen, legs and genitals.

I felt hands on my shirt as the buttons were ripped off and my shirt pulled
back baring my heavily muscled torso to the perving eyes and feeling fingers
as they felt, tongued and manipulated every inch of my body they could
reach. My penis was raging hard again and at least two tongues were
slobbering around it and my balls, all I could see was a group of dark heads
bobbing around and hear the slurping as they tortured my tool. I felt my
balls swallowed by two separate mouths as they were spread apart and sucked
in till they ached with the pain. I groaned loudly in distress as the pain
became worse as they pulled back sucking my balls but gripping them with
their teeth. It felt



                                                                       5




as if they were going to rip them from my wrinkled sack and swallow them so
great was the excruciating stress they exerted.

My body was one unbelievable pool of pain but also extreme sexual pleasure
and I thought I would lose my mind as I began to scream and drool from my
mouth and cock. My screams were silenced quickly by the insertion of two hot
throbbing cocks,
stretching my lips till they nearly ripped apart as the warm firm silky love
muscles filled my mouth and began to invade my gagging throat. They began to
face fuck me one going in while the other backed out, the feeling was
unbelievable and I was slowly choking as I could hardly draw a breath, my
brain began to go hazy as the oxygen content in my blood dropped and I'm
sure my face was going purple as I could feel the heat building in my body.
Then the utmost outrage I felt two more hard boners forcing their way into
my already abused rectum, my brain rejected what was happening and it
blacked out as I fainted on the floor.

I kept drifting in and out of consciousness and every time my embattled
overloaded senses became aware my whole body was being subjected to
unbelievably erotic sensations from the feeling of multiple hands, fingers,
tongues and hard thrusting pricks in every orifice usually in duets as these
horny aroused young Arabs extracted every enjoyment they could from my now
limp body. The only part of me still tensed was my cock as it was worked on
inside some ones tight sucking anus, I had cum innumerable times and was now
aching and sore as they tried to arouse me to fill their red hot rectums. I
blacked out finally and the sensations stopped as my brain lapsed into
oblivion.

When I came to some time later I felt like death and I opened my eyes but
was unable to see properly as there was some sort of film over my eyes, I
took a deep breath through my nose and smelt the musky aroma of fresh cum I
licked my lips and tasted cum on my lips pushing my tongue out as far as I
could all I could taste was cum. I then realised my face was covered in the
offerings of several guys as I could differentiate the flavours some sweet,
some bitter. I raised my head and looked around with my blurred eyes and
there were about 20 young Arabs asleep all around me, they were all naked
and covered in sweat and cum. Obviously I had been used as a receptacle for
their multiple ejaculations and by the ache from my anus I had had many
young hard cocks embedded in my bowels. I farted and felt a gush of fluid
run out onto my bruised cheeks, my whole body was aching and sore and lying
on the hard dirt floor wasn't helping me recover.

As I lay there trying to get comfortable I heard the faint sound of engines
over the whine of the wind and then there was silence for some minutes, till
the door was kicked open and there were three of our troops with weapons
drawn surveying the shambles in the room. Then one of the men looked at me
surveyed my distressed state



                                                                       6




and saw my uniform he nudged his companions and they both looked at me and
smiled, then one of them lined up the groin of the nearest young Arab and
drew back his boot and kicked him as hard as he could lifting his inert body
up off the floor and driving him into the guy behind him.

The young Arab screamed chokingly and doubled over clutching his destroyed
genitals and lay there moaning in agony as the rest of his compatriots
struggled awake from their sex induced stupor, as they began to sit up they
looked in horror at the black muzzles pointing in their general direction.
One very brave or stupid young man reached for his weapon and he was hit by
a number of bullets lifting him up off the floor, blood spewing from his
wide open screaming mouth as his body was thrown back, the row of bullet
holes stitched across his smooth belly, the small entrance holes like tiny
gaping mouths across the silky muscular abdomen. His blood gushing down in a
carmine flood onto his jet-black pubic hair and painting his manhood and
large ball sack crimson as the impacts threw him backwards. He collapsed
across one of his friends as he screamed, contorted, twitched and trembled
in his death throes, covering his horrified young companion with crimson hot
blood, the utter waste of such a young brave virile life was a criminal
waste but his friends learned from his mistake and sat there with their
trembling hands raised above their heads. The metallic odour of fresh warm
blood mixed with the scent of vomit and faeces filled the hut, as his young
compatriots reacted to the sight of his tortured body.

My fellow soldiers moved through the terrified young Arabs till they reached
me and one of them picked up a piece of clothing and tipped water from his
canteen onto it wiping me cum covered face tenderly, one of the others was
undoing my hands and massaging my wrists to restore circulation. They lifted
me up and the two dressed me and helped me shuffle outside where they called
up for a medic and an ambulance to pick me up as I stood there shaking
feeling sticky fluid leaking from my abused arse. The third guy was covering
the petrified young prisoners who were sitting there dazed and watching
their compatriot twitching and pumping his blood out onto the floor where it
was slowly seeping into the hard packed dirt floor. Then with a shudder he
voided his bowels and bladder all over the boy he was lying across and he
arched up and gasped wetly through his blood filled mouth, his breath
rattling in his throat as he died. The sight of their friend as he contorted
and died added to the terror felt by the young men, as they began to cry in
fear and begged to be allowed to live as tears coursed down their cheeks.

I felt sorry for the young prisoners as I think they had felt they were
going to die when our troops reached their position so they were getting
their rocks off before it all happened and when they had the chance to
denigrate a soldier of the invading forces they just went at me to the
fullest. They could have killed me when they finished their sex play but
they didn't and that shows they weren't really killers or murderers.



                                                                       7





My stay in the hospital was brief and after 4 days I felt fine and I was
reassigned to guard duty at the prisoner of war camp, I thought this was
hilarious as I had been a prisoner myself. Maybe I could revenge myself on a
few of the young Arabs in my charge, after what had been done to me I had an
overwhelming desire to feel the erotic thrill of male flesh again.

I left the hospital and transferred my gear across to the prison camp, and
reported to the Officer in Charge, after I had completed the formalities in
the office I was ordered to report to the Commanding Officer. I knocked on
his door and entered saluting him as I snapped to attention he casually
returned my salute and offered me a chair, I thanked him and sat at
attention till he smiled at me after reading the orders I had brought with
me. He said, " It appears you had a nasty experience Sargent, I hope you are
over it."

I replied, " Yes sir, I feel good thanks. I have never experienced anything
like what happened before"

He looked at me seriously and asked, " Has your experience changed your
outlook on life?"

I blushed crimson and looked at the floor; I was trying to sort out my
emotions and feelings. How was I to tell him that I was hoping to revenge
myself on some of the pretty young prisoners? I stammered, " I I I 'm not s
s sure sir, I haven't s s s sorted it all out in my mind yet."

He studied me intently and I noticed his eyes sneaked down to study my
crotch area, he looked back into my face and blushed guiltily when he saw me
watching him. He was a very attractive guy about 26 and wore the rank of
captain on his uniform, his golden buzz cut hair set off his square jaw,
intense blue eyes and sensuous lips which I noticed were wet from his tongue
that had just caressed them. He replied, " I'm sure you will sort yourself
out quickly, you look to be a very good soldier."

I could feel my crotch tighten in excitement from his optical caress and the
thought of seeing him naked stirred my mind, his eyes returned to study my
crotch as I wriggled a little on the chair trying to get my hardening cock
to a better position. His tongue again involuntarily protruded from his
sensuous lips and coursed across their soft pink skin as his eyes roamed
over my crotch. My penis was uncontrollable and was visibly tenting my
camouflage uniform trousers and I began to break out into a sweat as my
heart began to pound pumping blood to my turgid engorged cock. His
entrancing blue eyes lifted to my brown orbs and a smile creased his
handsome face as he chuckled softly and stood up from behind his desk. My
eyes rocketed to his groin area and I was overjoyed to see a huge bulge in
his uniform as he walked around the desk and rested his firm bubble butt on
the edge of his desk

He leant back on his hands causing the bulge to tension the material of his
trousers to stretch even more and I could discern the proud helmet of his
glans clearly through the smooth cloth. He slowly brought his hand out and
picked mine up bringing it back and placing it squarely on his privates,
holding me there till I began to squeeze him and feel him up. His head
arched back exposing his tanned taught throat, his Adam's apple bobbing as
he swallowed continuously and groaned softly deep in his chest. My other
hand began to unzip his fly and I opened his pants to find his thick pulsing
tool poking out through the opening of his khaki boxers. It was weeping
tears of clear sticky juice and I bent forward to lick it from his stalk as
it ran down towards his hidden scrotum. The taste of him brought back the
memories of all those hot pricks I
had tasted in the hut that night and my body began to ache to feel him in my
throat and buried deeply inside my arse. My body slid off the chair as I
knelt on the floor and bent my head till my lips caressed the smooth shiny
purplish plum atop his heavily veined shaft.  But that may be reported in
another transmission from Iraq, at a later date.

If you enjoy this narrative, please let me know then I may be tempted to
continue the story. Your comments are eagerly sort regarding the story, any
suggestions gratefully received.
James.