Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2008 11:32:51 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Final Chapter - Marine Corps News

All the same disclaimers and warnings apply, enjoy!

I woke up the next morning with Wise spooning next to me, his strong arms
wrapped around my waist, his hand absent mindedly rubbing the fur on my
stomach.  My cock was rock hard with the need for a morning piss and I
could feel Wise's piss hardon knocking on my own back door.  "Richard, let
me up, I gotta piss." I said, reaching back to fondle his hard cock.
"Mmmm...keep that up and I'll give you more than piss." Wise groaned back.
"C'mon baby, let me up, I'm going to explode if I don't take a piss." I
urged, grabbing Wise's arm and pulling it off.  "Wait, lets just head for
the showers, we can shower and piss at the same time." Wise said as he
moved to get out of bed.  Grabbing two towels and my shaving kit we headed
for the showers.

Sanchez and LTC Mann were both in the showers when we arrived.  They were
locked in an embrace, hard cocks soaped up rubbing against one another.
"Mind if we join you?" I said, clearing my throat as we entered the
showers.  Neither man made a move or even acknowledged that they were no
longer alone.  "Fuck, I gotta piss!" I said as I turned the water on,
letting the first stream of the morning make its way out of my cock and
onto the tiled floor.  Wise took the shower head next to mine and as he
turned the water on he too let go with his morning piss, both of us sighing
as we emptied our bladders.  LTC Mann and Sanchez still oblivious to the
fact we were there.  "Do you really like piss play?" Wise asked me, the
last of his bladder dribbling out the end of his cock. "You bet I do!" I
said, "there's just something so naughty about having someone take a leak
on you, or in you."  I continued, my cock beginning to harden at the
thought of having someone spray me with their hot piss.

LTC Mann and Sanchez both groaned, we turned to see their cocks shooting
their cum on each other's belly.  I heard Sanchez softly say I love you to
LTC Mann as their orgasms subsided.  "I love you too." LTC Mann whispered
back, slapping Sanchez on his bare wet ass.  "Good morning you two." Wise
called in a lilting voice.  "Good morning." Sanchez and LTC Mann said back,
exchanging a loving and longing kiss.  The four of us chatted back and
forth and we soaped up and rinsed off.  "How are you doing today Wise?"
Sanchez asked.  "Better, I take it LTC Mann filled you in." Wise said,
throwing a scowl in LTC Mann's direction.  "Relax Wise, LTC Mann and I
share everything.  It's OK.  So, have you two thought about the next step?"
Sanchez asked.  "What next step?" Moose said as he came strolling into the
shower, half hard cock swaying in front of him.  "Nothing Moose, absolutely
nothing." I quipped back.  "Man, what the fuck is up with you four this
morning?  Y'all been in a funk ever since yesterday and it's like you're
keeping a secret from me and I hate secrets."  Moose quipped back, standing
under the spray of the shower nozzle.  "Chill Moose, it's nothing you need
to concern yourself with." Sanchez fired back, slapping Moose on his wet
ass.  "How's the hole this morning?" LTC Mann asked Moose, referring to the
fisting Moose took last night.  "Good as new Colonel, good as new!" Moose
shot back.  "In fact, I do believe it's up for some more action." Moose
said, spreading his ass cheeks for the men to see his brown pucker.  "Damn
Moose, you sure are a butt slut.  One might think you prefer cock to pussy
the way you are always wanting something shoved in your backdoor!" I
chided, also slapping Moose on his wet ass.  "Give up pussy?  No fucking
way man!  Dude's the way I look at it, I got the best of both worlds.  I
can eat pussy or I can get my own manpussy eaten or fucked, either way, I'm
in hog fucking heaven!" Moose said, reaching back and inserting a soaped up
finger into his hole.

We finished our showers and left Moose there to continue his shower alone.
"Fuckers!" Moose shouted to us as we headed out of the showers and over to
the main office.  "God damn fuckers!  Leaving me here by myself when I got
this fucking hard cock that needs attention and a twitching hole." Moose
thought to himself as he stroked his rock hard cock.  "Fuck, I gotta piss
too." he thought as he pointed his cock back towards his mouth and let go
with his own full bladder.  Piss streamed out of his cock and he moved it
around, soaking his chest and stomach with his morning piss.  "Fuck that
feels good, no wonder Stefan likes it." Moose groaned.  "Feel like
company?" Williams offered as he took the shower next to Moose.  "Fucking
A!" Moose shouted back.  "Looks like your black cock needs some attention."
Moose said, reaching out and stroking Williams' mammoth black cock.
Williams groaned, "What I fucking need to get my nut off in your ass!"
Williams said, grabbing Moose and turning him around, the head of his black
cock starting to enter Moose's hole.  "Awe fuck dude, yeah, fucking give me
your black snake.  C'mon bitch, fuck that manpussy of mine!" Moose shouted,
backing up on Williams' invading cock, taking his full length.  Moose felt
something warm begin to fill his intestines.  "Bitch, what the fuck you
doing back there?  You cumming already?" Moose asked.  "Naw dog, I'm
fucking unloading my bladder in your ass!" Williams said.  "Awe fuck that
shit feels good!" Moose shouted, grabbing his hard cock and stroking it as
Williams finished up pissing in his backside.  "Dude, you need to pull out,
I'm full and gotta get rid of this." Moose said.  Williams pulled his cock
out, Moose squeezing his cheeks tight and heading towards the toilet to get
rid of the piss that Williams had just filled him with.  Once done, Moose
headed back to the showers and proceeded to back up on Williams' hard cock.
The two began a fast and furious fuck, Moose begging for Williams to fuck
his ass, Williams shouting back that his ass was tight and felt good.  "Get
ready bitch, you're gonna fucking eat my load for breakfast!" Williams
shouted, yanking his cock out of Moose's ass and spinning him around.
Moose fell to his knees as Williams jerked on his hard cock, his own hand
moving fast and furious over his cock. "C'mon, fucking let me have it
bitch, fucking shoot your black load, c'mon feed me your cum, shoot it all
over my face!" Moose shouted.  "Here it comes bitch, oh shit, I'm fucking
cumming, get ready, open your pretty mouth bitch, I want to see my cum
shoot on your tongue!" Williams groaned as the first streams of cum shot
out of his cock, coating Moose's tongue with his white seed.  Moose
groaned, bucked and emptied his own load on the shower floor.  Both men
finished their orgasm and then their showers, leaving to get dressed and
meet up with the rest of the crew.

LTC Mann briefed all of the men regarding the MP situation and CPT Perry's
troops.  All worked out well, it seemed that the two MPs were somehow
pursuaded to keep their yaps shut.  Something about a hidden cam and the
two MPs begging to have their asses fucked managed to change their minds as
far as continuing with the threat of revealing what was transpiring under
the name of training.  The remainder of the two weeks went without too much
more incident.  We had a few more captives, all whom had already been
initiated into the male sex, some who were caught on purpose so they could
continue to explore their new found wants and likes.  As we neared the end
of our time with these men, CPT Perry had arranged for an end of training
party, to be held in the same barracks that were used for the torture.
Everything was set up in the barracks for a full on, man on man sex party.
There would be a BBQ with beer and whatever hard liquor the men wanted to
drink.  Once stomachs were full and heads were buzzing with the initial
affects of alochol, they would move to the barracks, where, CPT Perry had
planned, would be one massive orgy.  Two slings were set up and it was CPT
Perry's plan to have the two MPs in the slings, nude, restrained, each man
would have a turn doing whatever they wanted to do to the two MPs that had
tried to blackmail his men.  LTC Mann had been read into all of this and
was in full agreement.

The men at both camps spent the day tearing down and packing up, watching
as the two five ton trucks drove off with all of their gear except for
their personal stuff.  While they were tearing down, I worked on my report.
I made sure I wrote two, one for the official files to include the official
photos and the other for CPT Perry's files, this included the sexual
escapades, photos and the memory stick for those.  CPT Perry tore through
the sexual report and drooled over the photos of seeing he and his men in
different stages of male on male sex.  CPT Perry had maintained a constant
erection the entire day, resisting the urge to beat his meat, hoping that
staying in his fevered state of excitement would cause him to unleash a
massive load of cum.  His ass twitched and tingeled at the thought of
getting stuffed again.  He had introduced his lanky clerk to the world of
ass play.  This had occured the night after he had left LTC Mann and his
men, as he returned to camp his cock had hardened again, he could feel the
cum leaking out of his hole.  He would reach back, wipe his hand across his
hole and then use the load to stroke his dick.  His clerk was sound asleep
when he had returned, in the dim light of the tent he could see the young
man was laying on top of his sleeping bag, wearing nothing but his pair of
Army issued boxers, hard cock jutting through the fly.  Throwing caution to
the wind, CPT Perry approached the sleeping lad and, ripping his boxers
completely off, shoved his legs back to his chest and started devouring the
young man's hole.  The young clerk was too far into the feeling of getting
his ass eaten to fight him off when he realized what was happening.  His
cock, rock hard and dripping, begging for attention, his ass, twitching and
bucking as the young Captain ate him out.  The young man let out a groan as
CPT Perry's hard cock penetrated his virgin hole, wrapped up in the feeling
of a hard cock entering him, the young clerks cock jerked and started
firing ropes of creamy white cum on his belly and chest.  His cock never
went soft, instead he started bucking and fucking himself on CPT Perry's
cock.  Like a cat in heat, he couldn't seem to get enough of his
commander's hot and hard cock up his ass. As CPT Perry started spraying his
own load deep in the mans guts, his cock flexed again, another round of cum
flying out, hitting him in the face.  Licking his lips he tasted his own
cum, the first time he'd ever tasted cum.  CPT Perry pulled out, wiped his
cock off with the edge of the young clerks sleeping bag and made his way to
his own bunk, leaving the clerk to ponder what had just happened.  It
wasn't long before he heard the tell tale sounds of a hard cock being
stroked, another groan and he knew that the clerk had dumped another load
of cum on himself.  CPT Perry smiled as he dozed off, another man
introduced to ass play.

The time came for the BBQ to begin and Moose went out to fire up the
charcoal.  Everyone ate and drank, telling stories of their adventures.
Wise and I stuck close together, occassionally exchaning a knowing glance.
"Men," CPT Perry stood, holding a glass of whiskey up to propose a toast.
"This has been one helluva exercise and I'd like to personally thank LTC
Mann and his crew for their very ingenious and clever training.  Here
here!" he raised his glass as the other men cheered and downed the whiskey.
"And now, on behalf of CPT Perry and myself, we have a real treat for you
men!" LTC Mann stood, also raising his glass.  Shots were downed and
glasses refilled as the men made their way into the barracks.  "Holy fuck!"
they each exclaimed as they entered and saw the two MPs, nude, strapped to
the slings.  The electro stim devices attached to their dicks and butt
plugs inserted in their asses.  Moose went over and turned up the voltage,
causing each man to jump and yelp as the voltage increase also increased
the pleasure jolting through their cocks and asses.  "Because these men
were trying to blackmail us, they "volunteered" to be our sex pigs for the
night." CPT Perry exclaimed.  "You have free reign over them men to do as
you will!" he continued.  The men of his company cheered as they quickly
stripped out of their clothes and made their way to the two MPs, looks of
fright and sexual excitement falling over their faces.  I turned to say
something to CPT Perry but he was already on his knees, servicing
Williams', Sanchez' and LTC Mann's cocks, Moose was poised under CPT Perry,
feasting on his ass.  I looked over to where the two MPs were, they were
surrounded by men on both sides, signs and moans and shouts of "Oh fuck,
fuck yeah" could be heard.  I searched out for Wise and found him, standing
by the liquor table a distant look on his face, stripped to his jock strap,
I could make out the outline of his hard cock in it's pouch.  My own cock
was rock hard and was tenting out my boxer briefs.  I walked over to Wise,
poured myself a shot of bourbon, downed it and asked if he was OK.  "Hmm
Hmm" came his reply.  "Feel like joining in?" He asked, turning to me.
"Not really" was my reply.  The shout of a man cumming broke the temporary
silence between us.  "That was fast!" I said.  I looked at Wise, we gazed
at one another lovingly, longingly.  I moved closer, reached out and drew
him to me, our lips meeting, the feeling of his hardness pressing into my
own hard cock.  The shout of another man cumming surrounded us followed by
Williams shouting, "take my fucking cock bitch, fucking ride me hard you
slut!" as CPT Perry bucked and bounced on Williams' hard cock.  "Oh fuck
yeah, fuck my ass Colonel." Moose shouted.  Wise and I were oblivious to
our surroundings, for us it was just the two of us.  Two men locked in a
fevered embrace of passion.

I reached around, pulled Wise's ass cheeks apart and started rubbing his
tender hole.  He groaned in my mouth as in the distance another man shouted
as his load was spilled.  We continued kissing, our passion rising, cocks
getting harder, wetness spreading across the crotches as our dicks begin
leaking cock honey.  I groan as Wise reaches up and pulls my cock out
through one of the legs of my boxer briefs.  "Oh baby, baby, I love that
magnificient cock of yours." Wise whispers while kissing me.  I groan again
as he begins to gently stroke my hard cock.  The cries of two men being
speared by two cocks at the same time ring out through the barracks, we
continue our love making.  I hear Wise moan and notice that LTC Mann is now
behind him, eating his ass.  I soon feel the back of my boxer briefs being
pulled down and I too groan as Sanchez' tongue makes contact with my hole.
I pull off of Wise and glance over to my right to see Williams and Moose
double dicking CPT Perry.  Scanning the room I see what has made the two
MPs cry out, they too are being double dicked.  I can see their heads
hanging down, eyes rolled back, mouth open, and I about cum as I watch two
of CPT Perry's men shove they cocks down their throats.  At the same time I
feel the head of Sanchez' cock begin to enter my hole, Wise has stiffened
and grunts as LTC Mann slowly enters him.  We are four men, four lovers,
lost in the pleasure of satisfying each other.  I reach down, my hand
coming in contact with Wise's naked cock, LTC Mann had at some point ripped
his jock off I also realize that I too am nude, Sanchez having also ripped
my boxer briefs off.  I hear another cry of a man cumming and realize it's
CPT Perry.  I look over and see Moose fucking his face with a wreckless
abandon while Williams jack hammers his ass from underneath.  CPT Perry's
cock is spurting out cum, his heavy load running down his chest and balls,
dripping onto Williams' balls.  Sanchez groans and I feel the head of his
cock swell, with one final thrust I feel his cum shooting into my ass,
coating my insides with his sweat cream.  I stiffen and begin firing my
load all over Wise's hand as he rapidly strokes my cock.  LTC Mann shouts
as his cock bucks and erupts, filling Wise's ass with his load of cum, it
isn't long before I feel Wise's load shooting across my stomach and pubes,
running down and dripping off of my balls.  We continue to fuck and writhe
and moan and groan.  Sanchez and LTC Mann fucking us through their orgasms,
their cocks remaining rock hard.  Williams and Moose let out shouts of
ectasy and I turn to see them shooting their loads all over CPT Perry's
face as he jerks his own cock, another load shooting out.  The men with the
two MPs seem to reach their peaks at the same time as numerous shouts and
fucks can be heard, cocks spraying cum, men jerking and bucking as they
drain their balls of their pent up loads.

Sanchez and LTC Mann maneuver us to the ground and we manage to get
ourselves into a 69 without either man's cock leaving our asses.  I lick
the cum off of Wise's cock as he too cleans my cock off.  We continue, each
of us thrusting our cocks down the others throat as LTC Mann and Sanchez
pound into us with their cocks.  "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum again, Oh fuck,
I'm cumming!" Sanchez shouts out, pulling his cock out of my ass and
blasting Wise's face with his cum. LTC Mann screams out he's cumming too
and also pulls his cock out, I buck and groan, firing my own load as LTC
Mann covers my face with his cum.  I continue to buck and scream as an
orgasm like I've never felt washes over me.  I begin crying, the feeling is
so intense and, gobbling Wise's cock, I quickly bring him to the edge,
choking as his cock fires down my throat.  I lay there, panting, sobbing,
unable to regain my composure.  LTC Mann, Sanchez and Wise all holding me,
concerned that somethings wrong.  I arch my back again as another orgasm
over takes me, my cock firing round and round of cum into thin air.  I buck
and grind and scream as I'm overtaken.  This drives Wise to another orgasm
and I feel his cock jerk and his load firing against my back, his own cries
matching mine.  I finally begin to calm down, my sobbing beginning to ebb.
Wise is holding me, rocking me as though I'm a frightened child back in my
mother's arms again.  Sanchez and LTC Mann are gently stroking my face, no
one else seems to be aware of what is going on as we continue to hear moans
and shouts as men cum or are penetrated.  Wise leans down, wiping the tears
from me face he kisses my cheek.  "Baby, baby, are you OK?" he asks.  I
nod, panting, I can't find my voice.  I shudder again, my cock leaks out
another stream of cum.  "Holy fuck!" Sanchez exclaims.  He bucks and his
cock erupts, spraying my face with his cum.  I hear LTC Mann groan and he
unloads, spraying Sanchez' back with his cum.  "Shit, this is more erotic
than watching two men fuck!" I hear Wise exclaim.  I finally come down
enough that I can tell the men what I experienced.  As I'm telling them
what my body was going through, how intense this orgasm was, I see their
cocks harden.  I quickly begin to devour the three hard cocks, alternating
between the three of them.  They quickly reach their cum again and I watch
as all three cocks spray my face and tongue with their loads, my own cock
once again erupting, cum dribbling out the tip and running down the front
of my cock to coat my balls.  We collapse on each other, panting, moaning,
whispering to each other.  Everyone else has began to leave, eventually
it's just us four and CPT Perry, Williams and Moose.  CPT Perry and Moose
are getting fucked by Williams, the two of them kissing each other as
Williams alternates between each ass.

I look up at Wise who's gazing down at me with loving eyes.  "How do you
feel about Africa?" I ask.  "Why?" he responds.  "I thought we'd take a
journey, I think my time here is done and I think your time is done as
well.  So tell me partner...how do you feel about Africa?" I ask again,
reaching up and kissing Wise's chin.  "Oh baby, Africa sounds great!" Wise
says back, tears streaming down his cheeks.  He leans forward, kisses me
and I realize I am now head over heals in love with this Marine.

Stefan and Wise finished up their time with the Marines.  Wise left active
duty and he and Stefan headed for Europe on their way to Africa.  Stefan
quickly became a sought after photo journalist but he and Wise enjoyed the
nomadic life too much for Stefan to commit to being tied to one employer.
LTC Mann and Sanchez continued with their clandestine love affair until LTC
Mann reached his retirement.  He filed for divorce from his wife, she laid
no claims to his retirement as she had money of her own, and he and Sanchez
moved to Boston and began their new life.  Moose and Williams stayed on
with the Marines and continued to train other services.  Franklin ended up
receiving a medical retirement as the procedure of removing his appendix
was botched and he ended up developing perontinitis.  Two feet of his large
intestine were removed and he was determined to not be a mobilization
asset.  The Marine Corps discharged him with a 100% disability and he moved
to the West Coast to open up a scuba diving school.  CPT Perry was
reassigned to Europe and ended up falling in love with a beautiful french
woman and getting married.  The experiences he had with the Marines were
the last of his male to male encounters; though they were never out of his
mind and he did manage to keep a dildo stashed and hidden from his wife for
those times when he just needed to get his ass plugged.

Well that's the end of this story.  Hope you enjoyed the series and thanks
again for all of the great feed back!

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2008 09:03:39 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 20

All the previous exclusions and disclaimers and warnings still apply.

Williams stood gazing that the gaping pucker that CPT Perry was showing
everyone.  He walked over, picked CPT Perry up off the floor and proceeded
to whisper something in his ear.  CPT Perry nodded and the next thing we
knew, Williams had picked him up, spun him around and was eating his ass
while CPT Perry was sucking his black cock, in the standing position.  CPT
Perry gagged as he tried taking all of Williams' cock, relaxing his throat
muscles he was soon bobbing up and down on his thick black cock, taking it
down his throat and to the base.  Cum from his well fucked ass was
beginning to run down his back while Williams licked and sucked on his
hole, feasting on the milk it was providing.

I felt the presence of someone behind me and sighed as I felt a mouth begin
to lick and nibble on the back of my neck.  I let out another sigh as I
felt the head of a hard cock start sliding up and down my own wet ass.  I
turned, it was Wise and we exchanged a hot and fevered kiss, our tongues
figthing with one another as his hard cock slowly entered my fucked hole.
"I was wondering when you were going to fuck me." I groaned as we continued
to kiss, feeling Wise's hard cock continue to slide in my hole.  He was
going slow, taking his time, wanting to feel every ridge of my ass walls as
his cock was devoured by my ass lips, pulling and sucking at his cock.  "Oh
God Stefan, oh fuck your ass is so sweet and tight and feels so fucking
good around my big cock." Wise groaned back.  We were distracted by a shout
and turning our attention back to Williams and CPT Perry noticed that CPT
Perry was now slamming himself down on Williams hard cock, piston fucking
himself on Williams black snake, head thrown back, Williams shoving his
tongue down his throat and his biceps flexed and bulged with the weight of
picking this man up and slamming him down on his cock.  "Oh fuck me Wise,
fuck me baby, Oh God fuck me, your cock feels so good inside my ass." I
groaned as I began to humping his cock.  "Sssh...slow down baby, take it
easy, let's make this last." Wise whispered back as he nibbled and sucked
on my ear lobe.  We watched as Williams and CPT Perry changed positions.
Williams was now laying on his back and CPT Perry was lowering himself down
onto Williams black fuck pole, his back to Williams' face.
"Ffffffuuuuuccccckkkkkk" CPT Perry squealed as his ass lips parted and he
started taking in Williams' rock hard cock.  "Unnnnnggggghhhhh." He
squealed as he slammed his ass down on Williams' cock and started riding
his dick.  "Shhhheeetttt" Williams cried out, "Mother fucking tight sweet
ass.  Yeah baby, yeah, c'mon, slam that fucking ass down on my big black
joy stick!" Williams shouted as he reached around and started stroking CPT
Perry's hard cock, precum pouring out the head of his dick.

"Look at Moose," I told Wise, he was taking Sanchez' and LTC Mann's cocks
up his ass at the same time.  The three of them a writhing, bucking,
moaning pile of flesh.  They were all softly talking to Moose, encouraging
him to ride their cocks.  "Fuck this shit!" Moose screamed out and climbed
off both cocks.  "You men know what this hole needs and wants, c'mon,
fucking give it to me, fucking punch fuck my ass!" Moose shouted as he laid
back down, leg spread, knees drawn up to his chest.  Sanchez got up, a thin
thread of pre-cum running off the tip of his dick and walked over to the
table that held the dildos.  Grabbing the biggest one there and the lube he
walked over to where LTC Mann and Moose were.  LTC Mann had already lubed
up Moose's ass pretty good and was proceeding to open his ass up even
wider.  He had three fingers inserted in the mans ass, Moose was bucking
and shouting and begging for more.  LTC Mann pulled his hand back and
inserted four fingers inside Moose.  This just sent Moose into another
screaming frenzy begging for more.  LTC Mann looked at Sanchez who just
nodded back and handed LTC Mann the rubber glove.  LTC Mann put on the
rubber glove, lubed his hand up good and went back to work on Moose's hole.
Gently and slowly LTC Mann began to insert all five fingers into Moose's
hole.  Sweat broke out on Moose's forehead and across his chest as he began
to slowly grind his hips on LTC Mann's fingers.  Wise continued to just
slowly and steadily fuck my ass.  He was fucking me with such tenderness
that it was hard for me to focus on the sight unfolding in front of me.
His cock rubbing gently back and forth across my prostrate was pure heaven,
each time the head of his dick passed over it, a stream of pre-cum would
pour out of my cock.  CPT Perry had now pulled himself off of Williams'
cock and was over by Moose, laying at his side, whispering to him, licking
his ear, sucking his nipple, kissing his mouth.  Willliams still laid on
the mat, slowly stroking his cock as he watched LTC Mann slowly insert his
whole hand into Moose's ass.

Sanchez was now feeding Moose his cock as Moose groaned and writhed and
bucked on LTC Mann's hand.  CPT Perry had started nursing on Moose's hard
and leaking cock but Moose and reached down and pulled him off, he couldn't
focus on the pleasure in his ass and the pleasure in his cock, it was too
much.  Instead CPT Perry laid on his side, his head on Moose's panting
stomach while he watched the mans cock flex and twitch, pre-cum pouring out
of the tip of beautiful cock.  Wise pulled out of my ass and we walked over
and laid down on the mat to also watch.  We laid down on the other side of
Moose, and as I leaned over to start sucking on Moose's nipple, Wise began
feeding his cock into my ass again.  I groaned, causing a vibration to
shoot through Moose's nipple, he too groaned and another river of pre-cum
ran out of his cock.  CPT Perry reach down, scooping up the puddle of clear
fluid with his fingers and tasting it.  Sanchez continued to feed Moose his
cock and by now, LTC Mann had his entire hand and wrist inside Moose.
"That's as far as I can take it Colonel." Moose panted.  "Oh God, oh God,
fucking feels so good inside my ass, oh fuck." Moose whimpered and panted.
Tears of joy welling up in his eyes.  "Yeah Colonel, oh yeah, fuck, oh
fuck, oh fuck." Moose panted.  CPT Perry groaned as Williams had now taken
up position behind him and was re-entering his ass with his hard black
cock.  Moose writhed and bucked his hips on LTC Mann's hand.  I felt the
first tinglings of my approaching orgasm.  Turning my head I told Wise I
was getting close.  He leaned in kissing me, he groaned as his hips picked
up speed.  Sanchez was now rapidly face fucking Moose with his cock as his
own orgasm approached.  LTC Mann was stroking his rock hard cock while
Moose continued to bounce and buck on his gloved hand.  Williams had once
again reached around and was stroking CPT Perry's hard cock, the head
beginning to swell as he too approached his orgasm.  Moose spit out
Sanchez' cock, screamed, his eyes rolling in the back of his head, and
shoved hard down on LTC Mann's gloved hand.  Cum erupting out of the tip of
his dick as he hit his orgasm.  CPT Perry opened his mouth and stuck out
his tongue as the ropes of Moose's load landed on his face and in his
mouth.  This set his own orgasm off and he too screamed, bucked and started
pouring cum out of his cock, coating Moose's thigh in his sticky load.  I
felt Wise stiffen as his cock started firing round after round of his hot
cum up my ass.  I closed my eyes, groaned and started shooting my own load,
coating Moose's other thigh with my sticky white fluid.  Moose started
sputtering and coughing as Sanchez unloaded down Moose's throat.  Finally
Williams and LTC Mann shouted as they started shooting their loads,
Williams' up CPT Perry's ass, LTC Mann all over Moose's stretched hole.  We
lay there, panting, sweating, caressing one another.  CPT Perry continued
to clean Moose's cock up, managing to get him hard and off yet again.  We
soon gathered ourselves together and headed for our perspective beds, with
CPT Perry stumbling out of the barracks, clothes in hand, a glazed look in
eyes, half smiling.

I had just returned to my own room when there was a soft knock on my door.
Opening it I was surprised to see Wise standing there, nude, cock half
hard.  "What's up?" I asked.  "Can I come in, spend the night with you?"
Wise asked.  I grinned, opened the door wider and closed it behind him.  I
turned around and was quickly engulfed in Wise's arms, his hands roaming
over my ass, his tongue fighting it's way down my throat.  We kissed like
this for several minutes, finally I pulled off, looked deep into his eyes
and realized the one thing that I didn't want to happen, what couldn't
happen, Wise was showing the first signs of falling in love.  "Wise, what
are you thinking?  I can see something in your eyes and I'm not sure I like
it." I said, grabbing his hand and leading him towards the bed.  "I know, I
know, I've been fucking fighting this and thinking." Wise said, tears
beginning to well up in his eyes as we sat down on the bed.  "Wise, this
isn't good for you, you can't be leading this life style and still be in
the Marines.  What about all that pussy you've bragged about getting?" I
asked.  "That's just it, it's been bragging rights." Wise said.  "We've
been at brothels, it's easy to pay a whore for their silence, slip
something extra and hell, she'll sit and do her nails while the clock ticks
away."  he continued.  "But what about when you want men?" I asked, "and no
men are around?" I continued.  "Shit, Moose is such a slut, he'll take
anything, doesn't matter.  So when I get so fucking horny I can't stand it
anymore, I hook up with Moose." Wise said.  I hugged Wise, "I don't know
what to say." I offered.  "Just let me sleep here, I'll get up early
enough, no one will know." Wise said, a look of pleading in his eyes and
the first sign of a tear rolling down his cheek.  To make matters even
worse, Wise was a man I could definitely fall in love with.  I could easily
picture he and I spending the rest of our lives together.  He wasn't like
the rest of the men, wasn't all about bravado, there was a quiet, gentle
side to this tortured man.  We laid down in each others arms, sleep soon
took us.  "Things will look differently in the morning." I whispered, "it
always does." I finished as I dozed off.  When I awoke the next morning
Wise had left, true to his word.

I got up and made my way to the office area.  Wise was sitting there,
talking with LTC Mann over a cup of coffee.  LTC Mann had a serious look on
his face, their tone was whispered and hushed.  I could tell that Wise had
been crying.  Looking up LTC Mann motioned for me to come over.  "Wise has
just admitted something to me." LTC Mann said.  "I know, we had that talk
last night." I said, reaching over to rub Wise's shoulders.  "Wise, what do
you want to do?" I asked.  Wise looked up at me, tears rolling down his
cheeks again, "I don't know, I'm so torn, so confused right now." he
sobbed. I looked at LTC Mann, searching his eyes for any kind of sign,
something that would tell me this was going to be OK.  I didn't want to be
the one responsible for Wise having to end a career that he seemed to like.
"What's up dogs?" Moose bellowed as he barged in the room.  "Moose, can you
please excuse us and close and lock the door on your way out!" LTC Mann
barked back.  "Soorrryy!" Moose shouted back as he left the room.  "Wise,
you have another three months to go before you reenlist." LTC Mann started.
"We have another two weeks on this assignment and then who knows where
we'll go from there.  Today is going to be a down day, CPT Perry called
early this morning, he's got to go over some stuff with his men plus they
have some stuff they have to work through as well.  It would seem that when
CPT Perry returned to his men last night, they all had been engaged in a
full blown orgy.  Problem is, the MPs were doing their usual patrol and
stumbled upon the scene just as CPT Perry was entering the tent.  The MPs
apparently joined in but now are threatening to go to the Base Commander, a
case of after morning, "what in the hell did I do?" jitters.  Stefan, you
and Wise clearly have some stuff to talk about and Wise, you have some
stuff to work through.  Take today, but mind you, I need you 100% for
tomorrow." LTC Mann said.  Standing, he started to leave and then stopped.
He turned to us both and said, "Men, if it's any consolation and if you say
anything I'll deny it, but Sanchez and I have been lovers for several years
now.  My marriage is a farce, has been since day one, the wife knows that,
she's OK with it, she has her own secrets to safe guard.  Wise, whatever
you decide, I'll support you."  and with that LTC Mann left us to
ourselves, locking the door behind him as he went.

"Stefan," Wise said through sobs.  "I have to know how you feel about me."
he continued.  "Wise," I said, "Richard, please don't put me in this
position." I continued.  "I love all of the men, as though you are my
brothers.  But to ask me how I feel about you is unfair to me.  We haven't
been in a situation of normality here.  It's been war games, spy games and
sex, full on sex.  Last night was the first time I felt any sense that
there was more to this than just getting a nut." I said, reaching down and
gently lifting Wise's head.  "Could I love you?  Oh yes, Richard, very much
so.  You aren't like the rest of these men.  Do I love you?  Right now?
Not the way you want me to." I said.  Wise began sobbing, uncontrollably.
It was as though I'd just thrown a dozen arrows and they had pierced his
heart and soul.  "Richard, please, please don't do this to me." I begged.
Regaining his composure he laughed and, looking down the folded hands in
his lap, he said, "You haven't done anything to me but show me what I'm
longing for.  I do love you, I fell in love with you on the airplane to
Columbia.  I'm not telling you this to place a guilt trip on you and I'm
not making a lot of sense right now.  If I know, if I know that we might be
able to work on something, then I can move forward.  That's all I want to
know.  Do you think we can make something of this, you and me?  Do you
think we could share a life together?" He asked.  I leaned forward and
gently kissed his lips.  Pulling back I grabbed his handsome face and
stared deep into his eyes.  He was searching, searching the depts of my own
soul and I already knew that his eyes had already found the answer to his
questions.  "Yes, Richard, yes." was all I said.  We kissed, deeply,
lovingly.  It was the first real sense of passion I had experienced since
I'd been here.  I felt a new flame ignite within me.  Not the flame of
heated hormones, searching for a quick release, but the flame of passion,
of connection, of projected romance.  It was that spark that we all have
when we meet someone and share ourselves with them.  It's the flame of
letting that wall down, the flame of exposing yourself for the first time,
showing that special someone all your weaknesses, vulernabilities,
strengths.  It's the flame that lights the wick of first love.

I pulled back, "C'mon, we got some stuff to work out, in my room, with the
door closed and locked." I grinned, grabbing Wise by the hand and leading
him out of LTC Mann's office.  We headed back to my room and as we entered
and closed the door behind us our hands sought one another out.  Our
passion was ignited and we embraced, kissing, tongues fighting with
tongues, teeth nipping lips, hands searching, searching for buttons and
zippers.  We were soon completely undressed and on the bed.  I was on top
of Wise, my hips grinding into his, our hard cocks rubbing against one
another.  I moved from his mouth, nipping at his chin and I began to make
my way to his nipples, my tongue and lips covering every square inch of
flesh on his neck, stopping to gently suck at his prominant adam's apple.
I could feel his hard cock, twitch and flex under my own, his clear liquid
beginning to leak from the tip of his cock.  My mouth soon found his left
nipple and he gasped as I flicked my tongue across the hard button.  "Oh
fuck Stefan.  Oh yeah, baby, oh you fucking drive me crazy." Wise moaned.
I grabbed both of his wrists and pulled his arms over his head, leaning up
I dove my face into his arm pit, licking the sweat that was beginning to
form in the hair.  Taking in the heady aroma of his scent, it acted like a
drug on me, fueling me to a higher and more fevered pitch.  I quickly
scooted up so I could feel the hardness of his cock in the crack of my ass.
Sitting up, eyes closed, I reached behind me and, grabbing his cock, gently
rubbed his leaking cock head over my puckered hole.  Sighing, moaning, I
gasped as his hands shot up and began flicking my own hardened nipples.  I
let go of his hard leaking cock and pounced on his mouth.  Kissing him,
passionately, lost in this level of love making.  We rolled over, Wise now
on top of me, our hips gyrating into one another as we continued to explore
each other's mouths with our tongues and lips.  I grabbed his ass cheeks
and pulled him closer to me, I wanted him so bad I thought I was going to
cum right there.  "Oh fuck Richard, oh god, give me your cock Richard, give
me your cock.  I wanna fucking suck you off, feel your cum exploding down
the back of my throat." I gasped.  We quickly assumed a 69 position, him
over me.  His cock dangling in my face, head wet with pre-cum.  I grabbed
his hard rod and began rubbing the head of his wet cock over my tongue and
lips, tasting the salty sweetness of his clear liquid.  He groaned as he
began to devour my own cock, taking it to the base in one gulp.  We were on
fire, electricitly coursing through our veins.  This was definitely not a
heated quicky shared by two horny men, but of passion, shared by two
lovers.  Spitting out his cock, I reached back and sucked his balls into my
mouth.  Wise spit my own cock out and howled with pleasure, his hand
wrapping around my hard cock, rubbing the head of my own leaking dick over
his lips and tongue.  I leaned further back to taste his freshly washed
hole.  My tongue dove in, licking and lapping at the walls of his ass.
Wise groaned again and began grinding his hips on my tongue as I continued
to lick and suck on his brown pucker.  "Oh God yeah baby, eat my fucking
hole, c'mon Stefan, fucking eat that hole.  Oh yeah, baby, shove that
tongue up my ass, fuck me baby, fuck me hard with your tongue, Oh shit.  Oh
fuck baby, oh fuck, I'm gonna cum Stefan.  Oh God I'm gonna shoot my load
with your tongue up my ass baby, oh fuck, get ready baby, oh fuck I'm gonna
cum!" Wise screamed, slamming his ass down on my tongue.  I felt his cock
shooting it load across my chest and stomach.  Without warning my own cock
started firing, coating my stomach, mixing with Wise's.  Wise leaned
foward, taking my still erupting cock into his mouth, the remainder of my
load shooting down the back of his throat.  Spitting my cock out Wise
turned around so that we were facing one another and began kissing me, I
could tase my cum on his tongue and lips.  I bucked again as another
dribble of cum spilled out.  Wise fell on top of my, his load coating both
of us now, panting, we began kissing one another.  We soon fell asleep,
that blissful, after-glow sleep.  Legs and arms wrapped around one another
we dozed.  My last thought before sleep overcame me was, "I wonder how
he'll feel about a photo journey to Africa."

Stay tuned to see what ends up transpiring between Wise and Stefan along
with the Commander and his crew.  Thanks again for all of the feed back!

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Thu, 17 Apr 2008 21:50:37 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 19

Marine Corps News - Chapter 19

All the same disclaimers listed in the previous Chapters apply.

CPT Jason Perry had already had an impressive career and life and he was
only 30.  Six more months at this assignment and he would be promoted to
Major and shipped oversees to serve as a Battalion officer.  Jason had it
all come so easy for him, he excelled at sports in high school and at West
Point.  Graduated with honors, his career was soaring in front of him.

CPT Perry had always had the prettiest of women hanging on his arm.  Sure,
he'd checked out the other guys in the showers but only to compare
physiques, certainly not to express any sort of sexual interest or desire.
At least not until he'd met LTC Mann and his crew.  Now it seemed he
couldn't get his mind off of what he'd already witnessed and experienced.
He paced in the command tent nervously, his men noticing his continual
pre-occupation.  Those that had already experienced what the Marines had to
offer, knew what occupied his mind, their own experiences had kept their
minds occupied and cocks rock hard.  Occassionally the two men would slip
away, unnoticed to re-enact their introduction into male to male sex, each
time taking it further and further, both men experiencing every pleasure
they could think to offer one another, each one exchanging the role of top
and bottom.

CPT Perry had to think, think of a plan, a plan that would bring him back
to that world of homo-erotic sex, where male flesh touches male flesh,
penis to penis, where each touch, each tweek of a nipple brings a man to
another level of pure pleasure.  He knew he would have to seek out LTC Mann
and discuss his desires with him.  He also knew the men of his company whom
he now viewed through different eyes, the eyes of a man driven by lust,
driven by the need to feel his men, taste his men, watch his men as they
give themselves over to the other side of sex, a side he would never have
imagined he would be wanting and needing.  He rose early the next morning,
telling his company clerk, whom also shared his tent with him that he had a
meeting to discuss that nights maneuvers.  On his walk over to LTC Mann's
area, he began to hatch his plan.  By the time he arrived, he had decided
what he would do and to whom it would be done with.

The barracks that LTC Mann's crew operated out of appeared to be vacant.
Walking in through the front door CPT Perry called out.  "Back here!" came
the familiar voice of LTC Mann.  Approaching, CPT Perry rendered the
appropriate salute and said, "LTC Mann, I need to speak with you about
tonight's events.  Do you have some time and is there some place we can go
where we can talk in private?" LTC Mann saluted back, put the young CPT at
ease and told him they were alone, the men would be out for a few hours as
they were out getting more supplies for their continued operation.  "LTC
Mann, I don't know how to start this but I need to work something out with
you for tonight."  CPT Perry said, nervously shifting his stance and
looking down at the ground, his face beginning to flush with embarrassment.
"Just say it Captain, you've seen us all cavorting with one another, there
isn't anything you're going to tell me that is going to shock me." LTC Mann
replied, walking over to CPT Perry and placing a reassuring hand on his
shoulder.  "Sir," CPT Perry began, "ever since I witnessed you and your
crew in the showers and was then captured by two of your men I've been
obsessed with..umm..sex." he stammered.  "Go on, please sit down." LTC Mann
said, offering the young CPT a chair.  "Well, I have a plan and I want you
and your men to capture me and four of my men tonight.  I'm planning on
taking four of my strongest and going out on a recon." CPT Perry said.
"And you want us to capture you and your men and do what?" LTC Mann asked.
"Torture us, I want you to strip us naked, fuck us, have us suck your
cocks, eat your cum, whatever you want.  I just want to...I just want
to..." CPT Perry stammered.  "You want to what?  Get involved in an orgy
under the pretense of war games?" LTC Mann asked, his cock beginning to
stiffen in his BDUs.  "Yes, YES, damn it!  There, Yes, I said it, I said
it, I want full man on man sex with you, your men and my men." CPT Perry
shouted, standing abruptly, the outline of his hard cock visible underneath
his own BDUs.  "Only, my men won't go and be as willing as I am and I'll
even put on a show and struggle and fight." CPT Perry said, a look of
needing in his eyes.

LTC Mann stood, walked over to CPT Perry and again, placing a hand on his
shoulder asked him to tell him what he had in mind, how he envisioned it to
happen and he would brief his men and go from there.  CPT Perry and LTC
Mann both sat down and CPT Perry began to tell LTC Mann of his plan.  His
cautionary statement was that his men would fight and fight fiercly, that
there must be a way they could be drugged and then when they came to, would
find themselves in a situation they wouldn't be able to get out of.  LTC
Mann told him not to worry, they had some tricks up their sleeves and some
tools they could use that would temporarily incapacitate the men but not
put them completely out of commission.  Once they were done working out the
details of the plan, LTC Mann stood, walked over to CPT Perry and pulled
his hard cock out of his BDUs and placed the head of his leaking cock at
CPT Perry's lips.  Without hesitating, CPT Perry sucked LTC Mann's cock
into the base and proceeded to deepthroat him.  He reached down, pulled his
own hard cock out of his BDUs and began stroking his cock while he sucked
off the LTC.  CPT Perry was a natural cock sucker and before long, LTC Mann
was groaning as he pumped his load down the back of the young man's throat
while CPT Perry sprayed his cum all over the floor of the barracks.  Once
he had gathered himself and had cleaned off LTC Mann's cock, he got up,
thanked LTC Mann and left.  Upon returning to his own camp, CPT Perry
gathered his four best men together and went over that night's plan with
him.  He then left and headed back to his own tent to rest and wait for the
evenings adventures.

It took forever for evening to arrive.  The night was pitch black, perfect
for running a scouting patrol.  Gathering their belongings, the four men
and CPT Perry headed out to track the fictional enemy.  They had walked
about a half mile when one of the men tripped what appeared to be a ground
flare.  The only problem was that with the light of the flare came smoke.
The men began to don their protective masks but were too late, the smoke
had already been inhaled, it's vapors beginning to take affect as the men
swoon and soon collapsed.  CPT Perry knew the minute he'd heard the snap of
the trigger wire what was going to happen and he quickly donned his mask,
escaping the effect of the smoke.  LTC Mann appeared from the darkness as
soon as it was safe and instructed his men to grab the four men and take
them back to the barracks.  CPT Perry followed, assisting Williams with the
heaviest of the four.  Once inside the barracks the men quickly went to
work, stripping CPT Perry's men of their uniforms, binding their wrists so
they couldn't throw punches and getting the men cleaned up and ready for
their initiation into male to male sex, or prisoner interrogation.  The
finishing touch was placing hoods over the mens heads so they wouldn't be
able to initially see what was going on.  To add authenticity, CPT Perry
was also bound only he spared the hood.  It wasn't long before CPT Perry's
men began to come around, shouts of "What the fuck!" and "My name is..."
could be heard.  Each man was led to the center of the barracks, hands
suspended above them as various sex devices were attached to them.  "Get
the fuck off of me!" one of his men shouted, "What the fuck do you think
your doing?" another shouted as Williams attached the electro-stim nipple
clamps.  Once each of the men had been fitted with the appropriate
electro-stim device, Moose began to power them all up.  CPT Perry watched
intently, his dick already rock hard, a clear bead of fluid forming at the
tip of his head. Neither man made a sound at first, but eventually, as the
electronic stimulation began to lower their defenses, the sounds of soft
sighs and grunts could be heard.  Wise walked over to the biggest of the
men and began removing the electronic stim device from the man's rock hard
cock.  Grabbing the man's balls, he began to gently squeeze while he slowly
stroked the mans hard, thick cock.  Wise was talking to the man softly as
he prepared this man for his entrance into male to male sex.

I walked over to another man, he was about my height and build with a
slender hard cock, and began to also remove the electronic devices.  First
the nipple clamps and as I removed each one, I leaned forward and flicked
my tongue rapidly across his hardened and excited nipple, a groan of
pleasure escaping from his lips.  "Just relax," I murmured.  "Relax and let
yourself enjoy this.  You're gonna fucking love having your cock sucked,
your nipples twisted and your ass fucked."  I continued, reaching down and
grabbing the mans cock, slowly sliding his foreskin back and forth.  I
looked over my shoulder and Williams was busy sucking CPT Perry's cock
while his hands roamed and probed his ass.  LTC Mann was just standing
back, taking it all in, wearing only a jock strap, the tip of his hard cock
poking up from the elastic on the waist band, a bead of cock juice dripping
down the front of the overstuffed pouch.  Sanchez had flipped his man over
and was gently eating the mans ass, his hips grinding and bucking on
Sanchez' tongue.  We continued our ministrations, taking each man higher
and higher on their sexual odessy.  Their groans increasing, getting louder
as they climbed higher and higher on their heightened senses.

We decided the men were ready and one by one, removed their hoods and their
wrist bindings. Neither man made any effort to try and escape as their eyes
took in their surroundings and they massaged the blood back into their
hands.  The man with the slender cock gasped and we all turned to see what
he was looking at.  Williams had placed CPT Perry on his back on a padded
mattress, legs thrown over his shoulders, Williams was slowly sliding his
black cock in and out of CPT Perry's ass.  Eyes closed, moaning, panting,
CPT Perry bucked back on Williams' thick cock.  Williams was stroking the
CPT's hard cock gently when the CPT began to piss.  Holding his pissing
cock, Williams aimed it towards the Captain's face.  CPT Perry groaned as
his own hot piss splashed his face, parting his lips he began tasting his
own fluid, his hips bucking harder and faster and Williams' cock as he did.
I heard a groan to my left and turned to see the man that Sanchez was
working on shoot his load, his eyes glued to his Commander who was getting
his ass fucked while he pissed all over himself.  This gave me an idea and
I slowly moved behind the man I'd been working on.  Slowly nudging the head
of my cock up against his asshole, I too let loose with my own full
bladder.  The young man gasped and backed back onto my cock, the head
penetrating him and filling his gut with my piss.  He shuddered as the
feeling of my warm piss filling him up and his cock twitched and bucked and
was soon spraying the floor with his cum.  I reached around, grabbing his
spitting cock, jacking him off to his finale while I finished filling his
backside with my piss.  His cum ran over my hand, and when he was done
shooting, I held my hand to his lips.  He quickly sucked in each of my
fingers and began licking and sucking his load off my hand, groaning and
panting while he fucked himself on my cock.  Sanchez and Wise were busy
sharing their two men.  They had both of their men locked in a heated 69
while they plowed their asses.  Moose was busy sucking LTC Mann's cock
while he rode the hard cock of the man he'd taken.  Moose soon let loose
with his own full bladder, his piss hitting his chin and running down his
chest and between the legs of the man underneath him.

I heard Williams howl and he ripped his cock out of CPT Perrys ass and shot
his load in his face. CPT Perry's tongue darting out and licking the cum
off his lips and reaching out as far as he could to get the rest off of his
cheeks.  Once he was done, Williams shoved his still hard cock in CPT
Perry's mouth so he could clean his dick off.  The man I'd been working on
pulled off of my cock, walked over to where Williams stood and shoved his
face between the black man's ass cheecks, his tongue quickly finding
Williams' black pucker.  Williams leaned forward and CPT Perry grabbed him
by the back of his head and shoved his tongue down the mans throat, quickly
exchanging what little cum he had left in his mouth with Williams.  I
looked over at Sanchez and Wise, they were now locked into a fevered kiss
while the two men they'd been fucking pissed on their backs.  Once they
were done, the two men began to eat Sanchez' and Wise's ass, both men
bucking and grinding on the two men's tongues, fucking themselves to their
eventual orgasm.  LTC Mann was busy shooting his load on Moose's face while
the man underneath him had yanked his cock out of Moose's ass and was
pumping his load all over Moose's balls.  Moose let loose with his own
hands free orgasm and was soon spraying LTC Mann's legs with his pent up
load.

I walked over to where Williams, CPT Perry and the young man were all three
going at it. Kissing, sucking cocks, licking nipples, fingering asses, I
offered my cock to CPT Perry who engulfed it.  The young man I'd been
fucking ran over and yanked my cock out of CPT Perry's mouth and started
sucking me off.  I groaned, pulled my cock out of his mouth and shot my cum
over both men's faces.  While I was shooting my load, Williams had sat down
on CPT Perry's hard cock and was riding his dick like it was the last cock
he would ever get.  Before long we were all gathered around CPT Perry and
the young lad.  We were all stroking one another, fingering freshly fucked
asses, licking nipples and the sweat off chests and armpits.  Our cries of
lust and pleasure grew as we each headed for another round of orgasms.
Williams shot first, crying out, his cock bucking and spitting as he shot
his second load.  CPT Perry groaned next as he emptied his balls into
Williams' used ass.  Williams slid off of CPT Perry's cock and began
licking it clean.  We were gathered around CPT Perry and he pivoted back
and forth, sucking each of our cocks.  LTC Mann was the next to shoot his
load, followed by two of CPT Perry's men, then Sanchez, Wise and finally
myself and the young man I'd been fucking.  CPT Perry was covered in cum,
it ran from his face, dripped off his chin, slid down his chest and
nipples.  Williams told us all to back off and while we collected ourselves
he quickly began licking and sucking the cum off of CPT Perry.  CPT Perry's
cock had somehow managed to harden again and he was furiously stroking his
dick, the head of his cock banging into Williams' chest.  He shouted, his
legs stiffened as he shot another load, coating Williams' pubes with his
cum.

We lay there on the mattresses, eyes closed, breathing returning to normal.
I was suddenly struck with the horrific idea of what could possibly happen
once these men came down off their highs and realized what had just
happened.  I opened my eyes only to see men embracing men, softly caressing
one another in the afterglow that comes with mind numbing sex.  We were all
satiated and drunk.  Slowly the men began to untangle themselves and search
for their clothing, all of which had been neatly folded and placed on a
table next to the mattresses.  As they dressed they each talked about how
hot that was and that they didn't think anything like this could remotely
feel as good as it had.  Once dressed they said their goodbyes and headed
back to their perspective tents.  CPT Perry remained, still nude, still
laying on the mattress.  I stood, looked over and whisteled.  CPT Perry was
sitting up, leaning on one elbow, cock rock hard.  "Men," he said, "Think
you all can go another round?"  Before he could let any of us answer, he
leaned back, pulled his legs up offering us a birds eye view of his hole
and asked, "Who's first?"


Well, it appears that CPT Perry got what he wanted, and then some.  Stick
around as LTC Mann and the men use and abuse this young Captain's sweet
hole....  Thanks again for all the great E mails!

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Sun, 6 Apr 2008 13:31:29 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 18

This story is a work of fiction and fantasy.  The characters in this story
live in a disease free world, the use of condoms is not portrayed. The real
world is very different, practice safe sex, wear a condom.

The Commander couldn't keep his mind focused the next day.  His thoughts
were centered around his cock and his ass and worse yet, his troops knew
and sensed he was distracted.  The four that were taken as POWs on the
previous nights exercise said nothing of their ordeal, especially the two
who had engaged in sex and enjoyed it.  The Commander knew that today would
consist of day and night attacks and during the morning briefing had
ordered his men to be observant and diligent in their OPSEC.  "God, my cock
won't leave me alone and my ass keeps twitching.  What the fuck is going on
with me?  I'm not gay, I'm straight, I bang pussy, pussy, oh fuck what I
wouldn't give to feel a hard cock deep in my man pussy." the commander
thought.  Calling his Platoon Leader out he instructed that he was going to
go on a recon mission and that the Platoon Leader was in charge while he
was gone.  The commander then picked up his maps and his map bag and headed
out.  Walking through the woods all he could think about was getting
captured.  The two that had engaged in sex filled the commander in on
everything that had happened to them.  Between that and watching the men
get off in the shower, he was engrossed and determined to experience the
same thing.

He no sooner finished that thought when his left foot triggered the snare
trap.  Ropes came up around him, pinning his arms to his side and binding
his feet.  This was exactly what the commander wanted and the rush of being
snared was so strong he immediately came in his pants.  He waited
anxiously, panting, writhing, for his captors to come get him and take him
off to some desolate dark place where they'd do things to him, probe him
with dildo's maybe, suck his cock perhaps or better yet, force him to suck
cock while someone plowed his ass with a rock hard dick.  It wasn't long
before his prayers were answered.

"I see we've captured the commander!" Williams said as he circled the
Captain.  "Yes, I do believe we have." Moose replied.  "Judging by the
wetness of his pants, it looks like he may have pissed himself at the
thought of being a captive."  Williams said, reaching out to rub the
commander's crotch.  Moose came alongside and bent down, "That ain't piss
my friend, that's cum!" Moose squealed.  "Maybe our good captain is looking
for some man to man action, whatcha think Moose?  Think we should give it
him?"  Williams said as he spat in the commander's face, a stifled groan
escaping from the commander's lips.  Moose began to loosen the ropes that
held the commander, once freed Williams bound his hands and held him while
Moose reset the trap.  "Ya know, we ain't even on the clock yet for the
exercise and we snared us a prisoner." Moose said walking over to the
commander and rubbing his hand along the front of his soaked trousers.
"C'mon Moose, I know a place we can take him too and give him what he
wants." Williams said, tugging the commander to follow him.  The three men
headed off to the woods, away from the barracks and out of sight from
anyone else.  The three men soon came to a sheltered clearing.  Williams
tossed off his back pack as did Moose.  Moose reached into his and pulled
out a blanket and laid it on the ground while Williams removed a bottle of
lube and a couple of dildos.  "Get him ready Moose." Williams ordered as he
began to strip.  Moose walked over to the commander, untied his hands and
began unbuttoning and removing his shirt and T-shirt.  The commander stared
intently as Williams stripped, his eyes widening and mouth watering when he
saw William's massive black hard log come into view.  Another moan escaped
from his lips and he trembeled over the prospect of getting to feel that
cock up his ass.  His ass cheeks flexed and his hole twitched, his cock was
again rock hard in his pants.  Moose started rubbing his hands over the
commanders hard chest, rubbing, pinching and twisting his nipples.  The
commander closed his eyes, threw his head back and groaned, "Oh fuck yeah,
oh fuck, c'mon men, make me your bitch slut!" the commander shouted.  Moose
reached down and began to unbutton his trousers and soon had the commander
standing there, naked save for his boots, rock hard dripping cock standing
at perfect attention.  Moose quickly shucked his clothes and knelt in front
of the commander, sucking his cock in to the base.  The commander groaned
again, his hips bucked and it felt as though his knees might give out from
under him.  Williams came up behind the commander and, wrapping his arms
around the man's chest, began twisting and pinching the hard nipples.  The
commander could feel the tip of William's cock sliding up his ass crack.
He shuddered again at the thought of that black pole entering him.  The
Commander stiffened and shouted as another orgasm raced through his cock
and balls, his cum spraying down the back of Moose's throat.  "Oh God, oh
God, fuck, fuck, fuck." the commander panted, his head rolling around on
his shoulders, tongue hanging out of his mouth as though he were a dog.
"Make your bitch please, I wanna be your bitch.  C'mon men, fuck my ass, I
need a cock in my ass." the commander kept mumbling.  "Who is this guy?"
the commander thought to himself, it was as if he were having an out of
body experience and he was watching someone else, someone who looked like
him, talked like him, but wasn't him, begging for cock.

Williams moved the commander to the blanket and gently laid him down.  He
was like a rag doll he was so caught up in this moment.  Williams leaned
over the commander and fed him his black cock.  The commander quickly
sucked the head into his mouth, licking it with his tongue, sipping at the
sweet nectar that was oozing from the tip.  He reached up and starting
massaging Williams' balls as he reached up for more of his cock to slide
down his throat.  The commanders cock was once again rock hard only Moose
and Williams knew that it would be best to leave it alone.  As horned up as
he was, he had a hair trigger and these two were having some fun with him.
The were afraid that if he had too many orgasms, he'd "sober" up, realize
what he's doing and freak out.  Moose moved to the other side of the
commanders head and the commander immediately began to nurse and suck on
Moose's cock.  "Can you believe this guy?" Moose asked.  "Yeah, it's like
he's been hungry for dick for years and hasn't been fed any." Williams
replied.  Williams maneuvered himself so that was now between the
commanders legs.  Pushing his leg up and shoving them to his chest, he
began to lick and suck on the commanders brown hole.  "Mmmmmfffff
Unnnnnngggggg." the commander moaned as he continued to suck Moose's cock
to the base.  The commanders cock reared up and twitched as another orgasm
racked the commander.  The commander bucked and moaned and fucked himself
on Williams' tongue and his cock dribbeled out cum.  Pulling off of Moose's
dick and panting he begged for Williams to fuck him.  Williams grabbed the
lube, got the commanders ass good and lubed as well as his black cock and
placed the tip of his dick at the entrance to the commander's fuck hole.
His ass immediately began sucking and drawing Williams' cock in.  Williams
closed his eyes, his body shuddered at the feeling of entering the
commander's tight virgin hole.  The commander was going to town on Moose's
cock, sucking it, licking the head, dipping his tongue into the tip and
licking up all of Moose's cum.  He had managed to reach under Moose and was
now finger fucking Moose's ass with two fingers.  "I can't believe this
shit!  I'm all the way inside him and not one cry of pain!" Williams
exclaimed.  The commander spit Moose's cock out, roared and suddenly sat
up, shoving Williams onto his back.  The commander pounced on Williams, his
mouth seeking out Williams mouth and tongue, sucking his tongue in as they
dueled with one another.  At the same time he started jacking hammering
himself onto Williams' dick.  Bouncing up and down, rearing up to the point
where he just held the tip of Williams' cock inside and then slamming
himself down.  Moose was speechless and couldn't believe what he was
seeing.  It was so fucking hot, he'd never seen a man go this wild before
and his cock started shooting it's load.  The commander had now sat back up
and was still bouncing up and down, muttering inaudible phrases, groaning,
grabbing his hard cock and stroking it.  Williams was in ectasy as his cock
sawed in and out of this mans tight and once virgin hole.  "Fuck my ass,
fuck me hard, oh god fucking fuck me hard!" the commander began to moan.
Moose was now standing in front of the commander who leaned over and sucked
Moose's dripping and limp cock into his mouth.  Within mintues the
Commander had Moose's cock rock hard and Moose well on the way to another
orgasm.  "AAAAAAYYYYYYEEEEEEEEE" the commander shouted as another powerful
orgasm coursed through his body.  This was too much for Williams, slamming
his cock into the commander's ass he started firing his hot cum deep inside
the commanders freshly fucked ass.  The commander groaned and bucked as he
felt Williams' hot cum spray his insides.  He sucked harder and faster on
Moose's cock, causing Moose to hit his peak quickly and start shooting his
load down the commander's throat.  The commander bucked and shuddered as
another orgasm overtook him; his cock lay limp though and only a dribble of
cum came out of the top.  The commander continued to bounce up and down
Williams' cock, even though Williams was thoroughly spent.  Moose finally
grabbed the commanders shoulders and told him we were done.
"Oh....unnnngggg....oh fuck....oh fuck...here I go again!" the commander
screamed.  His cock bolted to full hardness as the final orgasm hit the
commander.  This time his dick did manage to spray out a nice load, coating
Williams' chest and bottom lip.  Panting, fully spent, the commander slid
off of Williams and fell to the ground.  Rolling onto his back, he reached
between his legs and started fingering his ass.  After he had calmed down
and his breathing had restored, Moose looked at the commander and asked him
if he really realized what he had just done.  "Oh yeah....I've been wanting
this for awhile I think and it was just as I fantasized, no it was better."
The commander exclaimed.  The three men then got dressed and Moose and
Williams started to head back to the barracks to get ready for tonights
exercise.  "Men, before you go, can I come over sometime and engage in one
of your orgies?" the commander asked.  Moose and Williams looked at one
another, shrugged and said, "sure, we'll let you know when."

The went their own way, Williams and Moose satisfied with the unexpected
turn of events and the Commander, knowing that he'd just fulfilled one of
his fantasies.  There was still another fantasy, that being one of taking
on his entire company.  The commander grinned a wicked grin and began
planning and plotting his next course of action.

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Sun, 6 Apr 2008 10:54:29 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 17

This is a pure work of fiction and does not resemble anything going on in
today's world.  The characters in this story live in a disease free world;
the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is very different,
practice safe sex, wear a condom.

Our exercise tonight was to be in an exercise of POWs.  We were to agress
the Army company and capture as many men as possible and take them to
another barracks where we had set up a fake prison.  The men were to be
treated exactly as they would if they were to be capture in real life as
well as behave exactly as they were trained to be.  That training consisted
of refusing to give any information beyond name and serial number and to
also try and escape at any and all times.

LTC Mann had sent Sanchez and Wise on a scouting mission.  They were to
find the weakest points and come back to brief us.  While they were gone, I
was dispatched to start taking photos.  We had gone over in great detail
over the weekend where I was to stand, move, run, etc. so that there would
not be repeat of last week.  LTC Mann and Wise had also worked me to death
teaching me how to move, where to move, etc.  I headed off to the Company's
location and started my task of taking photos as the men prepared for their
imaginary war.

Wise and Sanchez soon returned, reporting that their weakest spot was on
their right flank.  There was a very large area betwen figthing position
alpha and bravo that they felt reasonbly sure they could penetrate.  The
men manning these fighting positions would become the first prisoners.  LTC
Mann and the crew set out and soon came up on the right flank.  Just as
Wise and Sanchez had reported, the flank was weak and in no time, they were
quickly and quietly penetrating their flank and snagging two Army men on
the way.  Williams and Wise were put in charge of the POWs as the rest of
the men continued to maneuver.  I had been fitted with a small walkie
talkie and an ear piece and heard Williams' voice telling me they had
captured their first prisoner and to meet them at the POW barracks in 30
minutes.  I continued to snap photos as each fighting position was tested,
one by one.  I could hear one of their squad leaders reporting to the
commander that their right flank was unsecure and that the two men who had
been posted there were missing.  I heard the commander shout out his orders
as four men scrambeled out of the command tent and headed for the right
flank.

I checked my watch and realized that 30 minutes had more than gone by so I
quickly made my way to the POW Barracks.  The barracks had been set up just
as one would think a POW barracks would be.  Both men had been stripped of
their uniforms and were laying on straw on the hard concrete floor.  The
were blindfolded and their hands and feet were bound.  "I gotta piss!" one
of them shouted.  "Then fucking piss on yourself!" Wise shouted back.  "No
really, I gotta piss!" the voice pleaded.  "No really, piss on yourself!"
Wise shouted back, walking over to the barred cell and taking what looked
like a policemans night stick and scraping it up and down, making the bars
on the cell ring.  Williams got up, walked over to the cell unlocked it and
grabbed the young man who had to piss by the hair and dragged him out of
the holding cell.  "C'mon fucker, let's you and me have a talk." Williams
growled as he lead the man to an area that was set up as an information
extraction area.  Williams pulled the man up and attached his bound hands
to a hook that was hanging from the ceiling.  No force was placed on mans
arms, so no physcial injury would be suffered, just some discomfort.  "So,
ya gotta piss do ya?" Williams growled as Wise made his way back.  I
watched this unfold through the lens of my camera, snapping photo after
photo.  Wise reached up and began applying pressure on the man's bladder.
The simulated prisoner groaned and tried to cross his legs, keeping himself
to urinating.  A small stream of urine shot out the end of his dick as Wise
pressed on his bladder.  "I told you, piss on yourself!" Wise shouted.  "My
name is.." the man started to reply but was quickly cut off.  " I don't
give a flying fuck what your name is!  What's your mission here?  Who's
your commander?" Williams shouted as he grabbed the young mans ass cheeks.
The man flinched at the touch of Williams' hand on his ass, "My name is.."
he started to respond.  Williams now had a finger right on the man's hole
and was gently rubbing his hole with it.  "My name is....ohhh" the man
moaned.  "I thought you had to piss!" Wise screamed at the man as he
continued to apply pressure on the mans full bladder.  More piss streamed
out and the young man soon lost the battle to hold his piss in.  Within a
few minutes, a steady golden stream of urine flowed out the end of the
man's dick.  Williams had now fully inserted his finger into the young
man's ass and was slowly moving it in and out.  The young man groaned, both
at the relief of emptying his bladder and at the effect that Williams' long
black finger was having in his ass.  Williams quickly removed his finger
and started lubing the man's ass up.  While Williams was messing with the
young mans ass, Wise was retrieving his buddy.  Both men were now secured,
arms over their heads.  Williams and Wise began yelling at them.  Degrading
remarks, telling them they were pussies and fags and commies and that their
mothers were whore's and their fathers were fucking each other.  The two
men remained silent as they continued their tirade.  Wise walked over to a
table and came back with an odd looking device.  It was a metal ring with a
metal rod coming through it and it was attached to wires.  Walking over the
prisoner that he was working with, he grabbed the young mans cock and began
inserting the metal tube into the end of the mans dick, this circle going
over and around the head of the mans cock.  The young soldier began to
shiver, wondering what was next in store for him.  Wise attached the two
wires to a black box.  I was to soon learn that this was an
electro-stimulation unit.  Low volts of electricity would pass through the
metal ring and tube, sending little shocks and vibrations into the man's
penis.  Wise turned the unit on and as the first shocks penetrated the
young mans penis, he groaned.  His cock soon began to grow and as it got
harder and thicker, Wise increased the wattage.  The man was groaning and
bucking his hips, fucking thin air.  His buddy next to him could hear his
moans and realizing something sexual was happening had also popped a boner.
Williams moved in behind the young man and began inserting a thin slender
vibrating butt plug into the man's ass.  The young soldier moaned and
winced as the butt plug spread his virgin hole and made it's way deep
inside the man's ass.  For the young soldier, it was both pleasure and
pain.  Pleasure from the vibrating and pain from having his ass stretched.

"Look at you, look at you both.  Fucking hard as rocks, cocks flexing and
leaking.  You must be fucking enjoying this.  Are you enjoying this
private?" Wise shouted as he slapped the young man's hard cock, causing the
young man to let out a yelp of pleasure.  "And lookee here, you got a
fucking butt plug shoved up your ass and your cock is so hard you could use
it as a crow bar." Wise continued, as he started pulling the butt plug in
and out of the mans ass.  "Please, no more, no more, what do you want to
know?" the young man cried.  "In time, in time!" Williams shouted, removing
the butt plug from his ass and preparing a larger one to take it's place.
The young man who's cock was ensnared in the electro-stim unit was moaning
and bucking louder and harder.  A steady stream of precum ran out of his
cock.  Wise slapped the man's hard cock as he walked by, heading back to
the table.  My cock was rock hard and I could the front of my pants getting
wetter and wetter with my own precum.  I was memserized by what these two
men were doing to these poor Army lads and continued snapping my photos,
stopping only to put in a new memory card.  Wise came back with two nipple
clamps, also attached to leads.  He placed the clamps on the young mans
tits and plugged them into the electro-sim unit.  The man groaned and
bucked and shouted as the current now flowed through his cock and nipples.
I looked over to the other man and Williams was steadily fucking his ass
with butt plug.  The young man groaning and bucking his hips back onto it,
his cock continuing to poor its sweet juice out.  I looked over at his
buddy and watched as a stream of piss began shooting out of his cock.  This
intensified the sensations he was having in his cock and he bucked and
thrashed around even harder.  I turned to look at his buddy and watched as
his cock began shooting its load.  The young man was screaming and bucking,
fucking himself on the oversized butt plug as his cock erupted.  I heard
the other lad groan and watched as his cock also started shooting thick
ropes of white cum into the air.  Both men were screaming, panting, moaning
and bucking as their cocks twitched and jerked, spitting cum.  Spent, the
two men slumped, whimpering as they continued to receive stimulation, one
through his ass and the other through his cock and nipples.  Wise and
Williams soon went to work, cleaning the two men up, removing the devices
from them and helping them back to their cells.  Both men collapsed next to
each other as they continued to come down from their sexed up high.  Cum
continued to dribble out of their cocks and I was surprised when the one
man who's ass had been stuffed with a butt plug began searching for the
other man's cock with his hand.  Once he had his buddies cock in his hand
he began stroking his buddies cock, who also had searched out and found his
cock.  Both men were stroking each other's cocks, groaning, pinching and
twisting their nipples.  I looked over and saw Wise and Williams rubbing
the front of their trousers as they watched the two young men pleasure each
other.  Both of the prisoners groaned and arched their backs as another
orgasm over took them.  They both had just shot two huge loads, cum only
dribbled out of their cocks as they ground and bucked their hips.  They
released each other's cocks and began scooping up their cum and licking it
off their fingers.

The door to the barracks opened and two more prisoners were shoved through.
Williams and Wise knew exactly what to do and sauntered over to where the
two bound and blindfolded men laid and began removing their clothes.  The
men were fighting Wise and Williams like crazy, shouting obscenties at
them, yelling at them to get the fuck away from them.  Williams and Wise
didn't flinch or make any sound back, but continued with the task of
stripping them.  Once nude, they were placed in another holding cell, next
to the one where the other two prisoners were.  The two men sat with their
backs against each other, whispering, I had no doubt they were planning
their attempted escape.  I watched as Wise and Williams went back to the
table and started cleaning off their toys and getting ready for another
round with two fresh prisoners.

"Stefan, we need you back at base camp." LTC Mann's voice crackeled in my
ear piece.  "And tell Williams and Wise to wrap it up for the night and let
the prisoners free, we're done for tonight."  I told Williams and Wise what
LTC Mann had said and headed back to base camp.  I arrived just as the
company commander was beginning his briefing and after action report.  It
wasn't too much longer after that when the four prisoners returned, fully
clothed.  Two madder than a hornet, two trying to figure out how they could
have enjoyed man to man sex so much, espcially since they both were severe
pussy hounds.  The briefings were wrapped up and we headed to our own
barracks for some much needed sleep.  "What were you going to do to those
two?" I asked Wise.  Wise just grinned and smacked me on the back.  "Great
job today Stefan." Wise said.  "Thanks" was my reply.  Wise ran his hand
down my back and shoved his hand into the waist band of my trousers, his
finger seeking and quickly finding my hole.  I groaned as his finger traced
circles around the folds of my back door.  "I need to get a nut, feel like
riding my cock?" Wise asked.  "Ummm Hmmm" I moaned.  "C'mon, follow me."
Wise said, grabbing my hand.  We walked for a few more minutes and stopped,
Wise pulling me close to him, thrusting his tongue down my throat.  It was
pitch black, no one, unless they were wearing night vision goggles, could
see the two us.  Wise was urgent in his need for release and quickly spun
me around, dropped my pants and started sliding his hard leaking cock into
my ass.  I groaned and pushed back while I grabbed my own hard cock and
started stroking to the rhythm of Wise's thrusts.  "I'm not going to last
long." Wise grunted, "Get ready, I'm going to fill your ass!" he continued
as he thrust into me one last time and started flooding my ass with his
load.  At the same time, my cock started firing it's own load.

In the woods, not far from where we had just fucked, another load was lost.
The commander had grabbed a pair night vision goggles and had followed
us. As we were fucking our brains out, he was stroking his own hot hard
cock.  He caught every stream of cum my cock shot out with his goggles.
His dick erupted, spraying the plants and ground in front of him with his
pent up load.  "Fuck that's hot." he said to himself as he reached back and
began to rub his own hole.  The commander had never thought about man to
man sex until he had walked into the barracks that day and heard the men
groaning.  Ever since then, he had been fascinated by two men having sex
and couldn't wait until he could try it out for himself.  He quickly
hatched his plan that come tomorrow night, he would be the first prisoner.

Stay tuned to see what happens with the commander....

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Sun, 6 Apr 2008 10:54:29 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 16

This is a complete work of fiction and bears no resemblence to anything
going on in today's world.  The characters in these stories live in a
disease free world, the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is
very different, practice safe sex, use a condom.

We were half way through dinner when Franklin suddenly left the table and
made a mad dash towards the men's room.  30 minutes had gone by and
Franklin still had not returned to the table so LTC Mann dispatched Wise to
go check on him.  Wise came back a few minutes later and said we needed to
get Franklin to a hospital, either he had food poisoning or his appendix
was flaring up.  Wise went back and grabbed Franklin while the rest of us
paid the bill and left.  We headed for the nearest ER and within a few
minutes of being there, were told that Franklin's appendix had burst and he
was headed in for emergency surgery.  Franklin would be out of commission
for awhile.  LTC Mann tossed the keys to the van to Moose, told us to head
back and that he'd stay to make sure he was OK.  He also said we needed to
be ready to go by 0600.  We said our goodbyes, headed back to our hotel
and, having said our goodnight's to each other, headed for bed.

0600 arrived way too soon; we were huddeled in the room that was serving as
our office.  LTC Mann had explained that Franklin would be OK, the surgery
went well but he'd be out of commission for a couple of weeks.  He would
not join us in our training with the company of Army folks.  We grabbed our
gear and headed to the field site.  We soon came to the building site that
we would live in for the next month.  It was nothing to speak of, an old
barracks, open bay (no individual rooms) with footlockers and wall lockers
and a communal bathroom and shower.  We unpacked and then met the Commander
of the troops we would be working with at the training site. LTC Mann and
his men were to play the role of agressors, testing the company's defenses
against an attack, their ability to keep their perimeter secured, etc.  I
was to capture all of this on digital film to be used as a training aid.
The Commander was a very handsome man, about five foot eight, closely
cropped jet black hair, square jaw, blue eyes, massive chest with a tapered
narrow waist.  I wasn't able to check out the rest, at least not without
being caught.  Once the briefings were over, we headed back to our barracks
to discuss the "plan of attack" as LTC Mann called it.  We would begin our
assault around midnight so now was the time to get any personal business
out of the way and possibly some rest.

Our schedule over the next week was in a constant state of change and flux
as the men attacked the company and then discussed the weak points, etc.  I
had somehow managed to get in the way of each and every exercise.  In the
course of doing this, not only had I managed to piss everyone off, but I
had also managed to get ran over a few times by both sides as they attacked
and agressed.  If I turned right, so did they and next thing I knew, I was
picking myself up off the ground.  I was one walking bruise and was stiff
and sore by the end of the week.  Sensing I was pissing everyone off, I
decided to stay to myself.  It was Friday of that week, we'd have the
weekend off as the Army troops regrouped and replanned so while LTC Mann
and his men were discussing next week's plans I headed for the showers.
Standing under the spray of the hot shower, I closed my eyes and started
sobbing.  I had never felt so out of place before as I did now and I could
tell that this plan was turning into a major disaster, not only for myself
but for everyone else as well.  I'd managed to get myself together and was
still enjoying the spray of the hot shower when LTC Mann and Sanchez
entered.  Walking up, they stood on both sides of me.  "You look like
you've been hit by six Mack trucks Stefan." LTC Mann said as he maneuvered
me around, looking at the bruises that covered my body.  "I feel like I've
been hit by six Mack trucks." I replied and once again, started sobbing.
Both LTC Mann and Sanchez hugged me and told me it was no big deal, next
week would be better and they all would do a much better job of making sure
they knew where I was at as well.  I let them hold me, their hands gently
massaging my back, chest, thighs and ass cheeks.  It wasn't too long before
I felt the head of a hard cock knocking at my back door.  I opened my eyes
and saw LTC Mann standing in front of me so knew the hard cock belonged to
Sanchez.  "Guys, I would love nothing more than to have the two of you, but
I'm so freaking sore that I don't even think I could enjoy it."  Sanchez
leaned into me and said, "It's no problem lil dude, my cock has a mind of
it's own anyway.  Think you would be up to sucking the old man and I off
though?"  As he said this, I felt his cock twitch, I also realized that LTC
Mann's own hard cock was not throbbing against my balls, setting off my
cock which quickly grew to full hardness.

"Mind if we join you as well?" Williams said as he, Wise and Moose entered
the showers as well, all three stroking hard cocks.  LTC Mann leaned in and
started kissing me, his hand reaching down to gently stroke my cock and
fondle my balls.  I groaned in his mouth and soon felt Sanchez' hard cock
begin to enter me.  I completely forgot about my soreness and started
backing back onto Sanchez' cock.  "Oh fuck!" I said as I pulled off LTC
Mann's hot mouth.  "Fuck Sanchez, oh GOD your cock feels so fucking good in
my ass!" I said as I began bucking my hips on his dick.  I bent over,
allowing my ass to take more of Sanchez' cock and took LTC Mann's hard and
now dripping cock in my mouth.  Williams, Wise and Moose were now
surrounding us, their groans and dirty talk fueling me on as I devoured LTC
Mann's cock, taking his full length down my throat.  Someone had turned the
water off as Sanchez pulled his cock out of my ass.  I soon felt Williams'
massive dick enter me.  I grunted as my ass got used to his massive black
cock.  LTC Mann was now pistoning his dick in and out of my mouth as
Williams began fucking my ass in ernest.  I pulled off of LTC Mann's cock
and started stroking his dick, I need to catch my breathe.  I also needed
to find a different position as this was beginning to kill my back.
"Williams, lay down on the shower, let me straddle your cock, I need to
change positions and give my back a rest." I said.  Williams pulled out and
quickly laid on the wet tiled floor.  I straddeled his cock and within a
few minutes was bouncing up and down on his licorice stick.  I felt the
head of a wet sticky cock nudging at my lips.  Opening my eyes I looked up
as I sucked Moose's cock in to the base.  I pulled off his cock and looked
over to my left.  LTC Mann had Sanchez on his back, legs spread open and
was piston fucking him while he ate Wise's ass out.  Wise had his mouth
over Sanchez' cock and was rapidly bobbing his head up and down. I came up
with a nasty idea and lifted my ass off of Williams' cock.

I walked over to Sanchez, bent down and whispered my plan in his ear.
Sanchez grinned from ear to ear as he spit out Wise's cock.  LTC Mann
sensed we were up to something so he pulled out of Sanchez' ass.  Sanchez
and I laid on our sides and assumed a sideways 69 position.  The rest of
men realized this and I soon felt Moose's cock entering my ass while LTC
Mann slid his cock back into Sanchez' ass.  Sanchez and I groaned as we
felt the cocks slide into us, the vibrations of our groans making both of
our cocks twitch.  I soon heard Moose and LTC Mann moan and realized that
they were taking a cock up their ass.  Moose was being speared by Williams'
black cock while LTC Mann was taking Wise's cock.  We soon found our rhythm
and became one bucking, sucking, groaning pile of flesh.  Hands stroked
chests, pulled and twisted nipples.  Mouths nibbeled and nipped on ears.
Our cries of ectasy soon reached a fevered pitch as we each neared our
point of no return.  I felt the head of Sanchez' cock begin to swell and
knew he was close to shooting.  His constant groaning was vibrating on my
cock, causing me to also head into that final point.  I shoved my face back
down on Sanchez' cock, lodging the head of his thick dick at the back of my
throat.  Sanchez stiffened, groaned and started shooting his load down my
throat.  He pulled off my cock and was screaming and panting as his cock
continued to shoot down my throat.  I reached down, grabbed my cock and
started stroking it as my own orgasm began to hit.  I pulled off of
Sanchez' cock, screamed I was cumming and started shooting my load all over
Sanchez' face.  His tongue licked and rubbed the spitting head of my cock.
I felt Moose stiffen as his cock started firing it's load deep in my ass.
We heard Wise shout as he started unloading his cock juice deep in LTC
Mann's ass.  "Fuck yeah, fill me with your cum!" Sanchez shouted as LTC
Mann's cock unloaded into his ass.  Williams was the last to cum.  Moose
screamed in ectasy as Williams' made one final push into his ass and
started dumping his load deep into Moose's abused hole.

We heard a fourth moan, looking over in that direction we saw the Commander
of the Army troops, pants down around his ankles, stroking his hard cock as
it fired his load.  He had come over to tell LTC Mann what the start time
would be for the first exercise and saw us all on the floor in one massive
pile of fucking and sucking flesh.  He couldn't take his eyes off of what
he saw and couldn't believe his cock had responded the way it had.  Wise
quickly got up and knealt in front of the Commander, and started cleaning
his cock of the remnants of its load.  Once we had all calmed down, the
Commander asked us if we did this all the time.  We never really answered
his question, but Moose said he was more than welcome to come over,
anytime, and we'd take of care him.  He quickly pulled his pants back up,
shoved his cock into his underwear and left, not looking back.  We all
laughed and began to rinse the cum and sweat off our bodies.  "Show time is
midnight tonight." LTC Mann said as he rinsed the soap off his chest.
"It's now 1800, we need to get some chow and try to get some rest." he
continued.  We finished our showers, rustled up some food and headed to our
perspective bunks.

Midnight came and as we assembled into our positions, I noticed an electric
charge in the air.  Not the charge of men pumped up with testosterone,
getting ready to engage in some sport, but the electric charge of sexual
tension.  I had the distinct feeling that the winds of change were blowing
and tonight promised to be of extreme interest.

Stay tuned for more.....  Thanks again for all the feedback.  Keep it
coming!!

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Sat, 5 Apr 2008 09:47:55 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 15

This is a pure work of fiction and bears no resemblence to what it occuring
in today's world. The characters in this story live in a world free of
disease, the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is different,
practice safe sex, wear a condom.

LTC Mann called us all together in the office suite and explained that we
would have a complete day before we would be meeting with the company of
soldiers that we would be working with.  His instructions to all were
simple, go to base supply, check out the necessary gear, weapons, blank
ammo, etc. that would be needed for the training exercise.  LTC Mann
explained that the training site had a bunker set aside for training cadre
and everything, sheets, blankets, etc. was furnished all we would need to
bring are toiletries and clean uniforms.  I still wore the uniforms that
were issued to me, blank save for my name and the Press Corps emblem
stenciled on both shoulder sleeves.  Since I played a silent part in this
training, I was given the day off to do as I pleased.

I quickly changed into a pair of shorts, t-shirt, sock and tennis shoes and
set out to go exploring.  I started following a dirt path that led back
onto base and into a wooded area.  I wasn't that far into the woods when
the path forked, the well used portion to the left and a somewhat overgrown
path to the right.  I chose the path to the right and proceeded further
into the woods, stopping here and there to take photos of ferns, trees,
flowers, etc.  I don't think I'd gone all that far when the woods opened
into a sort of meadow.  I stopped to take in the beauty and snap a few more
photos when I heard the unmistakable grunt of someone engaged in sex.  I
listened and could hear panting and soft moaning coming from my right.
Quietly I snuck through the woods towards the noises I was hearing.  I
wasn't maybe but 200 feet off the path when the woods opened into another
smaller clearing.  There before me were two men, stripped bare, engaged in
a full on hot and heavy 69.  Both men were going to town on each other.  As
I gazed around, I realized I was standing right where they had shucked
their uniforms.  Kicking the shirts over with my foot, I also realized that
these two men were officers of some rank and US Army.  "Interesting, I
didn't think the US Army men engaged in this, at least not like the Marines
appeared to be doing." I thought.

I shoved my shorts and underwear down, just enough to free my rock hard
cock.  I watched intensely as these two men continued slurping on one
another's cocks, occasionally letting go of each cock to moan or look back
at the other man as he devoured his cock.  "You ready?" I heard the man on
top groan.  A muffeled, "Hmm hmm." was the response.  The man on top got up
and walked over to a bag, his hard wet cock swaying in front of him.  I
quickly ducked down into the bushes I was behind to keep from getting
caught.  I watched, slowly stroking and fondling my hard dripping cock as
the man pulled out a double headed dildo and a tube of lube.  He walked
back to the man laying on the ground (they had at least put a blanket down
so they weren't covered in dirt and leaves), handed him the dildo and the
lube and proceeded to lay down opposite him.  I watched intently as the
first man lubed up the dildo, lifted his legs up and started to slowly
insert the dildo up his ass, sighing and moaning as it inched it's way
inside.  "Fuck that feels good!" I heard him sigh.  Once he decided the
dildo was seated firmly in his ass, the other man layed down, applied a
generous amount of lube to his ass, he too began sliding his ass onto the
other end of the dildo, head thrown back, sighing as it made its way up his
ass.

Both men's asses appeared to be butted up against one another.  With a
knowing glance at each other, they picked up their rock hard cocks and as
they started stroking their dicks, they began to gyrate on the dildo.
Moans, groans and sighs were being uttered by each man as they bucked and
ground their hips on the artifical cock that was firmly seated in each
other's asses.  I watched, stroking my own hard cock, as each man began to
increase their speed on humping the dildo.  As their hips thrust faster,
their hands also increased speed over their cocks, as did my own.  "Oh, I'm
getting close, you ready?" "Oh yeah, fucking ready." I heard them exchange
as they began to sit up, the dildo still in their asses.  Each man pointed
his hard cock at the other as their fists furiously flew over their hard,
dripping cocks.  I looked through the view finder on my camera and zoomed
the lens to their cocks.  The heads of their cocks were wet with lube and
cum and were both an angry reddish purple.  Both men were now locked in the
throws of their pending orgasm and I could see their hips beging to shake
and quiver as they got closer and closer to their desired release.  "Oh
fuck, get ready, here it comes.  Me too!" they panted.  Throwing their
heads back and groaning, their cocks started shooting their loads together.
Each cock spraying the mans crotch in front of him.  Both men groaned,
whimpered, sighed and bucked even hard on the dildo as they emptied their
balls of their pent up cum.  They let go of their cocks, panting, and fell
back on the ground.  I could see through the telephoto lens the cum coating
each mans pubic area.  I stifled a groan as my own cock let go and started
spraying the ground in front of me.  Apparently though, I wasn't quiet
enough and before I knew it, I was being picked up and shoved to the
blanket where the two men had just been riding the dildo.  "What the fuck
are you doing here?  Where the fuck are you assigned at?" The voices
shouted at me as they threw me to the blanket covered ground.  I couldn't
find my voice to respond back to their questions and so I just stared, wide
eyed and a little frightened, back at the two men.  "Get the fuck over here
and clean us up you little bitch spy!" they shouted to me.  I crawled to
where they stood and started licking the cum off each cock.  Once I decided
their cocks were clean, I moved up to their cum coated bushes and licked
the cum out of the wiry hair.  Their cocks began to respond to my cleaning
and before long they were rock hard, as was I.  They pushed me off their
cocks and I landed with a thud back on the blanket.  Before I knew it, a
hard cock was being shoved down my throat while my ass was being prepared
to receive the other hard cock.  I quickly went to task, sucking and
milking the hard cock that was pistoning in and out of my mouth, fucking my
throat.  I could taste a combination of cum and precum as the head slid
past my tongue.  "Fucking eat my balls bitch." as the own of the cock in my
throat pulled his cock out of my mouth and began to feed me his balls.  As
I started sucking and licking at the tight hairy sack I could the head of
the other cock begin to enter my back door.  I groaned and sprayed my legs
as wide as I could, my ass sucking and pulling the hard cock straight into
me. "Damn bitch, your ass is hungry for my cock ain't it?" the voice said.
I groaned and nodded my head as the man whose balls I was cleaning moved so
that I was now tonguing his wet dildo fucked ass.  Neither man said a word,
save for a few sighs and moans and grunts.  I lost track of the time, I had
no idea how long these men had been fucking me.  My ass was getting sore as
was my jaw though as the two men showed no signs of an approaching orgasm.
A hand soon grabbed my dick and started jacking me off.  I bucked and
groaned and in a matter of minutes was spraying my stomach with another
load.  That finally triggered the two men to release their loads as the man
who's cock I was sucking slammed his dick down my throat and started
pumping his dick cream down my throat.  At the same time, I could the cock
in my ass spasming as it unloaded.  Both men ripped their cocks out of me
and finished shooting their loads on my chest and stomach.  When they were
done, the one that had been fucking me slapped my ass and told me to get
the fuck out of there and say nothing to anyone about what I had seen.  I
quickly gathered my clothes and took off, not stopping to put my clothes on
until I knew I was well away from the two men.  The unused path was leading
me back to the well worn path, nude, panting, cum beginning to dry on my
stomach and chest, I stopped to catch my breath.  I could hear in the
distance someone calling cadence and even more frightening the sound was
coming closer and closer to me.  I dove into a thick set of bushes and hid,
hoping not to be seen.

Sure enough, within a few minutes, a troop of soldiers, gear on their
backs, came marching down the road.  "Shit, shit, shit." I thought, they
were too close for me to make a move without being seen, or heard, and I
still hadn't been able to get my clothes back on yet.  There I was, hunched
down into a bunch of bushes, nude, trying to figure out how the hell I was
going to get out of this mess.  "I just hope they keep marching by." I
thought.  To my horror though, that was not going to be the case.  The
leader of this pack soon called the men to a halt and placed the men at
rest for a quick 10 minute break.  "Sarge I gotta piss like a racehorse!" I
heard one say.  "Then go, don't let me stop you, plenty of woods around
here son." came the response.  I watched in complete terror as the soldier
walked straight in my direction.  He stopped, thankfully far enough back
that he couldn't immediately see me, but, an observant person would
definitely be able to spot me if they chose too.  He was facing me and so I
watched as he unbuttoned his pants, fished out his cock and waited for his
relief.  I was looking straight at his dick, it was nice, very nice, about
8 inches soft, dark brown shaft with even darker skin enveloping the head.
My cock hardened immediately as a hand reached down to shuck back the skin.
The head of the cock was just as beautiful and I found myself start to lean
forward as though my mouth was trying to reach for it and suck from it.  I
stopped myself but not before my weight shifted, causing a twig that was
underneath me to snap.  I braced myself as I saw the man's head swivel in
my direction, I saw him squint and then his eyes widen as he saw me
crouching there, staring back at his now pissing cock.  I put my finger to
my lips and made the shhh gesture.  He gently nodded but still did not take
his eyes from me and I did not take my eyes off his cock, which I noticed
was beginning to harden.  The soldier quit pissing, tugged on his half hard
cock a few times and shoved his cock back into his trousers.  He winked at
me as he turned to leave and within a few minutes, the sergeant leading
them had them formed back up and were back on their way again.  "Phew!" I
thought as I heard them march out of sight.  I quickly began to put my
clothes back on and started jogging back to the room.  Knowing the men were
in front of my, I jogged slowly enough that I could keep sight of them but
they wouldn't know I was there unless one of them turned around, which
wasn't likely.  They soon turned and headed to the left towards their area
of the base and I sped up my paced and headed for the right, towards my
room.

Once I was back in my room, I quickly stripped and jumped into the shower.
As I let the warm water wash over me, I closed my eyes, leaned against the
shower wall and started stroking my cock as I thought about that gorgeous
uncut cock.  I imagined leaning forward and sucking the young soldier's
cock into my mouth, his company of men oblivious to the fact that their
buddy was getting sucked off in the bushes.  I imagined wanting his cock to
cum fast so I wouldn't draw any suspicion to what was going on.  I reach up
and grab the balls that belong to the young uncut cock and give a gentle
squeeze.  This seems to trigger his orgasm and the nameless cock begins
firing shot after shot of thick sweet cum down my throat.  I groan and my
knees buckle as my own cock shoots it's load onto the shower floor.  I
quickly wash and get dressed and decide to watch some T.V.  I had dozed off
and must have slept the afternoon away as Moose was knocking on my door,
telling me it was time to head for chow.  "In a minute, I'll meet you all
in the office suite." I shout back.  I shake the sleep out of my head, pad
towards the closet and get dressed.  I arrived a few minutes later and off
we go into town to get dinner.  Moose is sitting next to me, he leans into
me and whispers, "Slut!  You got fucked today, I can smell it on you!"  I
looked at Moose, gave him a quick kiss and just smiled.

"Jealous?" I asked, "No, hard!" Moose replied and he grabbed my hand and
placed it in the crotch of his pants.  "Knock it off you two." Franklin
whispered to us.  "Geez, it's like the two of you are constantly hard!" he
continued.  "Your point?" Moose asked back.  "Fucking take a break for a
change.  We'll get to nut, don't worry." Franklin continued to say.  I
leaned back to where Franklin sat and reached for his cock.  Grabbing his
crotch I quickly felt a semi hard cock.  "Umm...maybe I can take care of
this later." I said.  "Maybe!" Franklin replied, winking.  "We're here,
c'mon, I'm starving." Sanchez said as he pulled the van into the parking
lot.

As we got out of the van, Franklin grabbed my ass and whispered to me,
"Been wanting to tap some of this for a long time.  Think I can ride you
tonight?" "Only if I can ride you back!" I responded.  "Deal!" Franklin
said as we headed into the restaraunt for dinner.

More to cum......

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Wed, 26 Mar 2008 08:16:03 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 14

This is a work of fiction and a lot of fantasy.  The characters in this
story live in a disease free world, the use of condoms is not portrayed.
The real world is very different, practice safe sex, wear a condom.

Our flight into Tacoma was very uneventful, much to my dissapointment.
Most of the men either slept or read, neither expressing the same interest
in full out mile high sex that was previously encountered.  I couldn't get
my mind off the fact that I'd taken two cocks up my ass at the same time.
I was certainly sore but not as sore as I thought I would be. I still felt
full, as though the two cocks had never left my ass.  I was wearing loose
fitting jeans and tight bikini's so my perpetual hardon was relatively
masked, what wasn't masked though was the wet spot that was beginning to
form from the amount of cock juice I'd been leaking.  I decided enough was
enough and headed to the bathroom to take care of business and temporarly
put my cock at ease.

I walked in, locked the door behind me and quickly yanked my jeans and
underwear down to my knees.  I stood at the sink, gazing at my hard cock in
the mirror, watching another drop of cock honey form at the tip.  I wiped
my finger across the head of my throbbing dick, causing it to jump and
flex, and licked the clear sweet liquid from my fingertip.  Wrapping my
hand around my hard cock, I closed my eyes and replayed the previous night
in my mind as I began stroking.  My balls were already tight in their skin
so I knew I wouldn't take long to cum.  I had replayed the previous night
to the point where I was feeling the second cock enter me when I started
shooting my load all over the airline sink and mirror.  I continued
stroking my hard cock, milking all of the cum out of it, hoping this would
be enough to keep it at bay for the rest of the trip and day.  Spent, my
wet cock beginning to soften, I grabbed some paper towels and began
cleaning my mess up.  Once that was done I cleaned the cum off my cock,
pulled my pants back up, flushed to take the rest of the crew think I
really had used the restroom and headed back to my seat.  I soon drifted
off to sleep again; I was soon being gently shaken, told to wake up, that
we were here.  I opened my eyes, yawned and realized it was Moose who was
nudging me awake.  "Thanks Moose." I replied, sleepily, got up, grabbed my
gear and headed to our next destination.

We arrived at Ft. Lewis and was soon escorted to housing for our billeting
arrangements.  Once we were all checked in, we hopped into our government
issued cars, or G-cars, and headed to our room assignments.  We were being
put up in an old run down two story WWII style barracks.  The place wreaked
of mold, mildew and Lord only knows what else.  LTC Mann was furious,
ordered us back into our cars and proceeded to head back to housing.  Once
there, he lit into the housing manager, telling him that the billeting
arrangements were completely unacceptable and he and his crew would not be
staying in such deplorable conditions.  They exchanged heated words for
another 30 minutes before LTC Mann slammed down the keys, ordered us back
out and we headed off post for better living arrangements.  We soon found
an Embassy Suites outside of Tacoma and proceeded to take over four rooms.
They were all adjoining and since they were suites, we had more than enough
sleeping space so LTC Mann decided one room would be used as an office.  We
began to unpack and get settled, we wouldn't need to meet the commander of
the troops we'd be working with until tomorrow.  As we were unpacking, LTC
Mann's cell phone rang, it was the Base Commander, apologizing for the
deplorable living conditions the housing manager had arranged for us as
well as the attitude the housing manager displayed.  The Base Commander
told LTC Mann that we each would be given statements of nonavailability and
that we would pick those up when we met with our crew tomorrow.  LTC Mann
thanked the Commander for his generosity and hung up.  Within a few
minutes, his cell phone rang again.  This time it was a medical assistant
from the base clinic explaining that we all needed to check in and leave
our medical records with the clinic and unfortunately it would have to be
done today as they clinic would be closed for the rest of the week for
training.  LTC Mann explained that although the marines traveled with their
medical records in hand, that he had a civilian assigned to him and that he
did not have medical records readily available.  The medical assistant
explained to LTC Mann that I would have to be given a physical and a
medical record created. He then proceeded to tell LTC Mann that he would
have everything set up for me so that when we arrived I would be
immediately taken back and given my physical.  LTC Mann agreed, hung up and
proceeded to tell us what was happening.

We all arrived at the clinic a short time later and proceeded to the check
in desk.  I was greeted by a young Army medical aide and escorted back to
an examination room where I was handed a hospital gown and told to
compeletely disrobe and put on the gown. I didn't give any thought to the
fact that my ass lips just might be a little red and swollen from last
night's fucking and that that might give the physician cause to ponder what
I might have been doing.  I quickly stripped out of my clothes and put on
the hospital gown.  Another aide knocked and entered explaining to me that
I would need a chest X-ray and handed me a pair of slippers to put on my
feet as the X-ray room was very cold.  I padded my way to the X-ray room,
got that out of the way and then was led back to the exam room where I
would wait for the doctor to arrive.

A few minutes later there another knock on the door and the doctor entered
the room.  "Hello, I'm Captain Delmar.  Is your name pronounced like Steven
or Stefan?" he asked.  "Stefan" I replied.  Captain Delmar was probably in
his early 30's, red hair shortly cropped in the traditional marine corps
fashion, green eyes and a square set jaw with dimpeled chin. He was wearing
hospital scrubs so it was hard to tell how well he was built, but if I had
to guess I'd say his build resembled Patrick Swayze in his Dirty Dancing
Days.  The big gold band on his left finger told me he was more than likely
off limits and I had to be on my best behavior, as did my cock which often
times had a mind of its own.  Captain Delmar proceeded to look in my eyes,
ears, down my throat and then began checking the nodes in my neck and
armpits.  He then listened me to my breathing and heart rate and had me lay
back so he could listen to my stomach as well as palpatate the area.  "OK,
well everything so far looks good. I need you to completly disrobe so I can
continue the exam." he said.  I removed the gown and stood there in all my
glory, as he began manipulating my balls.  "Turn your head to the left and
cough please." he instructed, to which I complied.  We did this for a few
more minutes, longer that I thought was probably necessary.  "OK, now I
need to look at your penis and make sure you are OK." he said and reached
out, gently grabbing my cock.  A few moments of fondling my cock and it
began to puff up.  "Is he trying to get me hard?" I thought.  "OK, I'm
going to gently take a vaseline coated swab and am going to take a swipe of
your uretha.  Sometimes bladder or kidney infections can lie dormant, a
swap of the uretha will give us an indication of what is going on inside
your urinary tract.  Have you had any trouble urinating?" He asked.  I
replied with a no.  "Are you sexually active and do you have any problems
getting or maintaining an erection?" He asked again.  I noticed he reach
down an adjusted himself and wondered if this wasn't beginning to turn him
on.  "No" I replied, "No problems there at all."  "Good, and when you
ejaculate, any problems ejaculating, any burning sensations or feeling like
you haven't quite finished?" he asked, still massaging and probing my cock,
which was now on it's way to full hardon state.  "No" I groaned.  "OK,
well, let's get the swab out of the way and then I'll need to take a look
at your backside and check out your prostrate." He said, reaching for a
cotton swab encased in sterilized plastic.  He removed the swab and began
inserting it into the tip of my cock.  Now, I've never had anything
inserted into the tip of my cock before, so wasn't too sure about this
procedure.  Consequently, I jumped back a little, causing my cock to rub
back against his hand.  "Just relax, you might feel some discomfort, but it
shouldn't be painful.  In fact, you will probably feel the need to urinate.
Its perfectly normal." he said.  He gently inserted the swab into my penis
and it was just as he said.  There was certainly no discomfort, but more
like another realm of eroticism.  "OK, now to make sure I get a good
culture, I will need to gently stroke this back and forth inside your
uretha.  It is important that you stay very still." He said as he began to
gently move the swab up and down inside my dick.  Oh I can't tell you how
good this felt and my cock was now completely hard, and again, he reached
down and adjusted himself.  "OK, I've got enough so let's get this swab out
of you." he said as he began to remove the cotton swab from my cock.  As he
pulled the swab out, my cock jerked and a small amount of what looked like
cum dribbeled out.  I looked at Captain Delmar and asked, "Is that normal?
In fact, is me having an erection normal?" "Oh yes, we've had men had a
full blown orgasm from this, its perfectly normal.  No need to be
embarrassed.  OK, I need to you turn over and bend over the table."  he
continued.  I did as I was told and after he had sat down on his stool,
felt his hands pull my cheeks apart, the cool air of the exam room hitting
my pucker, causing me to wink at him.

I soon felt a lubed finger begin to rub around my ass lips.  "Have you been
constipated?" Captain Delmar asked.  "No, why?" I replied.  "Well, your
anus is red and puffy, as though you've had a problem passing a bowel
movement." he continued.  "Oh I wasn't passing a bowel movement doc, I had
two cocks up inside me last night and right now, I'd like nothing more than
to feel YOUR cock inside my ass." I thought to myself.  Captain Delmar then
explained that he was going to check my prostrate and the lubed finger soon
found its way into my ass.  I groaned as I felt his finger slide in, my
cock twitched and began spitting out cock honey and I know my ass was
sucking his finger in.  He said nothing though as he began to massage my
prostrate, causing me to groan again.  "You know, many men find a lot of
pleasure in having their prostrate massaged.  It is a very sensitive and
sensual organ." Captain Delmar stated, a hint of sexual excitement in his
voice.  Picking up on that, I decided to test the waters and take this to
another level.  "Oh I know," I replied.  "I especially love it when a hard
cock is bumping up against mine." I said, looking back over my shoulder.
"Hmmmm." was all Captain Delmar said as he inserted another lubed finger in
my ass.  He was no longer massaging my prostrate, this was going to a level
that I know I was going to enjoy.  I moaned and bucked back on his fingers.
"My wife is pregnant, seven months along." Captain Delmar said.  "Let me
guess, since she got pregnant sex has been out of the question." I said.
"I find it really amazing how much the man's anal cavity can resemble a
woman's vagina." Captain Delmar said, breathlessly.  "Captain, we both know
where this is going, so what are you waiting for?" I said.  Captain Delmar
removed his fingers, stood up, untied his scrubs pants, letting them fall
to his ankles, shucked down his underwear and proceeded to take the head of
his cock and started rubbing it around my well lubed ass.  "Oh, fuck, that
feels so good.  I haven't blown a nut in seven months, fuck, oh, fuck, my
cock is leaking so much." Captain Delmar moaned.  "Yeah, c'mon doc, let me
feel that hard cock of yours, c'mon, slide it into my tight ass." I
encouraged.  Captain Delmar slowly began entering my ass, groaning and
sighing as my ass swallowed his hard cock.  "Oh God, your ass is tight,
fucking tight, so fucking good, yeah, I'm gonna fuck you, fuck you hard
bitch." Captain Delmar moaned as he began to thrust his cock in and out of
my ass.  "Oh fuck me, fuck me hard doc, slam that cock inside my ass, fill
me up with your cum, c'mon doc, fuck me!" I gasped back.  Both of us were
quiet with our expressions of lust, the exam rooms weren't exactly sound
proof and the good doctor would lose his commission if they knew he was in
the exam room, fucking one of his patients, a male patient I might add, in
the ass.  His cock hammered my ass and I matched his thrusts with my hips,
backing my ass onto his cock as he was slamming into me.  I had enough room
that I could reach down and was stroking my own cock, my had wet with my
cock juice.  "Oh God you feel so fucking good, so fucking good Stefan.
Yeah, fucking milk my cock, c'mon, wrap those ass lips around my cock.
Make it tight for me, oh GOD I need to fucking blow a load!" Captain Delmar
exclaimed.  "Oh fuck, oh fuck, doc, you're gonna make me cum, awwe shit
here I go, I'm gonna shoot my fucking load!" I said and my cock let loose
with a massive load, covering the front of the exam table and splattering
onto the floor.  Feeling my ass flexing around his cock took the good
doctor to the thresh hold, he bucked twice, shoved his cock into me,
groaned and began shooting his cum deep inside my ass.  I feel each shot of
his hot scalding cum and my own cock jerked again, another mini orgasm
taking over as I continued to milk the cum from his cock.

Coming down off our orgasmic high, Captain Delmar removed his softening
cock and began pulling his pants up.  "Um, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done
that." he said, his cheeks flushing with embarrassment.  I rolled over and
began cleaning my ass from the lube and cum.  "Why?  Don't be sorry!  I
fully understand and I fucking enjoyed it.  I'm glad I got to be one to
milk your cock!" I squeeled.  "But it's not professional and I'm married
and..." Captain Delmar stammered.  "Relax doc, this is between you and me.
Just think of this as a buddy helping another buddy out." I said, patting
his shoulder.  Once we were both dressed, he told me everything was fine
and that if I needed anything else while I was there at Ft. Lewis, to call
his personal number, to which he handed me his business card, patted my ass
and left the room.  I was escorted out by the same medical assistant and
joined back up with the men.  Moose took one look at me and knew exactly
what had happened.  Leaning into me, he whispered, "You fucking slut!  You
did the fucking doc didn't you?" I giggled, telling Moose everything he
needed to know.  "Are you still wet with his cum?" Moose whispered.  "Yup!"
I whispered back.  "Was he good?" Moose asked.  "Oh yeah, he was very good,
got seven months worth of cum stored up in my ass!" I giggeled back.  "Come
with me." Moose whispered as he grabbed my hand and led me to the men's
room.  Fortunately it was empty and we made our way to the handicap stall,
once inside Moose all but ripped my pants off of me, bent me over and
started licking my ass, trying to get a taste of the doc's cum.  "Oh fuck,
he's sweet.  Damn lil dude, fuck you are still wet!" Moose exclaimed as he
continued to work my ass.  I heard him unzip his jeans and felt the head of
his cock enter my fucked ass.  "Oh GOD lil buddy, if I knew you felt this
good I'd been tapping your ass back in Columbia!" Moose exclaimed.  I stood
up, leaned back and turned my face to him, we started frantically french
kissing as he ground his cock into my ass.  "Fuck Moose, I thought you were
only a bottom, but you can top pretty damn good too!" I exclaimed.  "C'mon
Moose, fucking pound my ass!" I screamed.  Moose started slamming into me,
telling me over and over how he loved fucking my tight ass and how we was
going to be tapping my sweet hole a lot more.  I panted and bucked back
onto Moose's cock, I couldn't get enough of his dick inside my ass and
couldn't believe how much I was loving this.  I managed to turn so I was
facing him and he had picked up me and was holding me against the wall of
the bathroom stall as he continued to hammer my ass with his beautiful
cock.  My hands were all over his back and his ass, grabbing, sqeezing his
perfect globes.  My mouth searched out and found his and once again we were
locked into a frenzied kiss.  Moose pulled away, "Fuck babe, I'm gonna
shoot!", slammed back into me and I soon felt his cock firing it's load
deep into my ass.  I grabbed my cock, aimed it towards Moose's face and
started firing my own load.  I sprayed Moose's face with my cum.  When I
was done shooting my load, he leaned into me and I began cleaning my cum
off his face with my tongue, each time feeding to him with a deep long
kiss.  We heard someone enter and remained motionless.  Moose was still
holding me up so only one set of feet could be seen if anyone was trying to
peer under stall, unfortunately they were facing the wrong way, so either
way, we would have been busted.  We heard the urinal flush and decided we
needed to clean up and get back to the rest of the crew.  On our way back,
we passed Captain Delmar who just winked and gave me a big smile, signaling
that all was well and he was good with what had happened.

Once we were all back together again, we grabbed our gear and returned to
our hotel to start getting ready for tomorrow's events.  I wasn't sure what
was in store for this new adventure, but was already loving how it was
starting out.  Once back in my room, I stripped out my clothes, which had
to wreak of cum by now, and headed for the shower to clean off.  As I
soaped up I couldn't help but grin and giggle, "Fucking Marines, gotta love
em though and I can just imagine what's going to happen with this training
event." I thought to myself.  I rinsed off, got dressed and headed for the
room that was to be our office.  I entered just in time to see LTC Mann
shoot his load all over Sanchez' face, neither saw me so I stepped back out
of sight, clearing my throat, I said, "LTC Mann?  You in here?"  "Just a
minute Stefan!" came the reply.  I heard a quiet giggle and rustling of
clothes and grinned, "Yup, situation normal!"

More to cum!  Thanks again for the feed back!

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sun, 9 Mar 2008 17:47:10 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 13

This chapter wraps up the mens time Columbia.  Again, it bears no
resemblence to real world events, it's fiction.  The characters in this
story live in a disease free world, the use of condoms is not portrayed.
The real world is very different, practice safe sex, use a condom.

The men in our group were all pawing and groping Williams' freshly fucked
ass.  Occastionally patting him on the back or on the ass as a gesture of
"way to go!".  I just stood on the stairs, watching them fuss over him,
asking him questions, Moose taking his face lovingly into his hands,
telling him how proud he was of him and kissing him tenderly on the lips.
LTC Mann had his secure phone to his ear and was motioning for the men to
quiet down.  We heard him say, "Of course, you bet, I'm sure the men will
be thrilled to hear this." and hung up.

Turning to the group of men he explained that intelligence had been way off
on this one and there was nothing going on in the house next door, except a
perpetually horny couple.  He continued to tell the men that the mission
was over and they'd be leaving tomorrow and flying to Fort Lewis,
Washington for their next assignment.  "Fort Lewis?" Moose said, "isn't
that an Army base?" Wise chimed in.  "Yes, yes it is, but we have a new
mission and it's going to be for the Army." LTC Mann replied back.  "But
let's worry about that when we get there, in the meantime, let's pack up
the equipment and have one helluva party!" LTC Mann shouted.  We all
cheered and shouted and headed to our perspective areas to break our
equipment down and pack.  Williams and I were excitedly chatting back and
forth as we packed and stowed our equipment as well as our personal
belongings.  Leaving out what we would need in the morning along with a
fresh change of clothes.

The doorbell rang and LTC Mann left his station to go answer the door.
Opening the door he saw two men dressed in pilot uniforms along with two
other men dressed in the proverbial CIA black suits and ties.  All four men
introduced themselves and stated that they were sent here to wait for us
and asked if there was room for the four of them.  LTC Mann assured them
that there was plenty of room, showed them to their perspective rooms and
told them to meet them back in the billiards room, there was going to be a
final night party and they were more than welcomed to join us.  LTC Mann
left the men and hurried back to finish up his packing and to get ready for
the party.  He couldn't wait for the party and was hoping it would turn
into an all out full fledged orgy of men sucking, licking, fucking other
men.  He needed to blow a load an at this point he didn't care how, he
didn't care if it was his ass that was getting stuffed or someone elses ass
that he was stuffing, he just wanted to fucking blow a load.

We seemed to converge all at once at the billiards room.  Moose and
Williams immediately began playing pool while LTC Mann began making drinks
and serving beer.  I drooled as I looked over each man in this squad,
muscles, firm chests, tight asses, packed crotches, all with four weeks
worth of man milk to drink.  I felt the familiar stir in my groin and knew
I was going to be rock hard all night.  I downed a couple of shots of
Tequila and made my way to the pool table to join Williams and Moose.  LTC
Mann asked for our attention as the pilot, co-pilot and two security men
entered the room.  He introduced us to them all and quite frankly, I didn't
pay any attention to their names.  The pilot was the same pilot I'd sucked
off in the men's room and the co-pilot was the same that took part in the
orgy on the flight over.  The security men, however, really got my
attention.  Both men were dressed in polo shirts that just emphasized their
broad shoulders, massive hairy chests and full biceps and were wearing
Bermuda shorts, pressed no less, with deck shoes.  "How preppy can you
get?" I thought, "But my oh my look at them mens.  One is a spitting image
of Silvester Stallone and the other is a spitting image of Steven Segal in
his early years."  I continued to drool and think.  "Psst...Stefan, wipe
your mouth, you're slobbering over those two!" Moose whispered to me,
slapping me on the back and chuckling softly.  They proceeded to move in
our direction and within a few minutes, were standing next to me, each on
at each of my sides.  "Hmmm hmmmm....Oh but I died and gone to man heaven."
I lusted.  We chatted for awhile and before I knew it, we had managed to
move to a secluded corner towards the door.  As I gave my two gorgeous
security guards the once over, I lingered on their crotches and to my
surprise I found them much fuller than they were when they first arrived.
In fact, the first one managed to drop his hand down to his crotch while I
gazed and was slowly rubbing himself.  I looked at both men and asked,
"Whens the last time either of you got a blow job?" "It's been awhile." the
guard that looked like Steven Segal replied.  "Well then, let's say I take
care of some things for you both." I said and I reached out to undo his
shorts.  While I was working on his shorts, the other guard came up behind
me and began grinding his crotch right into my ass.  He was just tall
enough that his dick was at a perfect angle to my ass and I knew that once
he was nude, his hard dick would soon be finding it's way into my hole
without any need for me to adjust.  I finally got the security guards
shorts down and around his ankle and was beginning to mouth his cock
through his jock strap.  He had placed both his hands on the back of my
head and was softly guiding me to the areas he wanted me to direct my
attention to.  I felt a hand move to the front of my own shorts and within
minutes my shorts were shucked down.  I had decided to also wear a jock
strap and I heard a moan of delight behind me as the other security guard
quickly sought out my hole with his tongue.

"Hey guys, look at Stefan!" Moose said and motioned to where I was with the
two security guards.  Moose looked at Williams and both began removing
their clothes as quickly as possible and soon joined us, with both Moose
and Williams feasting on the asses of the two security guards.  I don't
know exactly when or how, but at some point in the evening, a small table
square table, about the size you'd find in a bar, was drug over and I was
gently laid down on my back on the table.  At some point I had managed to
miss all of my clothes being removed along with everyone elses in the room.
I was so locked into working on the security guards hard cock that I became
completely unaware of what was transpiring around me.  All of the men, nude
and stroking their rock hard and leaking cocks, soon circled around me as
the first security guard started to fuck my face while the second security
guard entered my ass.  I felt the head of his cock slide past my ring and I
somehow managed to gasp.  His cock sliding in and out of my ass felt so
good and he had this way of taking his cock completely out except for just
the tip and then shoving it back in, not hard, just forceful enough so that
when his cockhead slid over my love nut, I jerked and spasmed.  I could
hear the two men moaning above me and knew someone was either eating their
asses out or were fucking them.  I managed to spit the cock in my mouth out
long enough to realize that both Moose and Williams had entered each
security guards asses and were slowly fucking them.  The hands wrapped
around each chest, fingers twisting and pulling nipples.  I groaned and
proceeded to suck my guard buddies hard cock back into my mouth.  I close
my eyes and reveled in the feeling of two hard cocks inside me, one in my
ass, one down my throat.  The cocks soon pulled out of me and I was aware
that I was being lifted up and laid back down, on someone, not sure who it
was.  I felt the dick poking at my lubed hole and within a few minutes it
found it's mark.  I was pulled backwards so that now I was lying on top of
the person underneath me, only on my back so I had no idea who was in me.
It wasn't long before I felt the head of another cock knocking at the
entrance to my back door.

A bottle was passed under my nose and I was instructed by a soft voice to
deeply inhale.  I did as within a matter of seconds I saw an explosion of
fireworks behind my closed eyes and my head began to swim, as though I was
on the verge of becoming drunk but hadn't hit that final point.  More
importantly, I felt the most erotic and wonderful feeling in my ass and my
ass soon began accepting, no sucking in, the second cock.  I felt it enter,
another deep inhale from the mysterious bottle, another shot of euphoria,
soon the cock had stopped entering me.  I was taking two cocks, two cocks
at the same time.  My mind reeled, how could my ass be so accepting of
something of this?  Wasn't it impossible to do that, yet I myself had
watched Moose do the same thing.  I felt full, full and yet no satiated.
Both cocks, attached to whomeve they were, I don't know as I couldn't seem
to open my eyes to save my soul, stayed motionless in my ass.  Hard,
flexing, twitching, each one beating with the pulse of the owner.  I moaned
and I started to slowly buck my hips, hoping to feel the two strange cocks
move.  And they did, almost simultaneously they began moving, slowly at
first, very slowly, then quickenig their pace.  I panted, my tongue lolled
out of my mouth, beads of sweat formed on my forehead and rolled down my
temples, a pool of sweat from my chest was beginning to form at my navel.
I heard someone saying, "Fuck me, oh yeah, fuck me, oh fuck me hard, oh..."
and realized it was me.  The two cocks inside me were now see sawing in and
out of my ass.  A constant river of cum and pre-cum was flowing out of my
cock as a result of the pressure on my love nut.  I could hear both men
panting and could feel their cocks begin to swell and I knew it wouldn't be
long before I'd had their loads spraying inside me.  I felt wetness on my
chest and felt someone grab my cock.  I was cumming, showering my face and
chest with my own load.  The two men groaned, slammed into me and I soon
felt their hot cum scalding my used ass.  I could feel it shooting out of
their cocks and then running back out of my ass, coating my balls and the
persons balls below me with their load.

The two cocks stopped, softened and were soon removed.  I lay there like a
rag doll, panting, covered in my own cum.  I soon felt another cock
knocking at my back door and I dutifully raised my legs to allow entrance.
I still could not open my eyes and before long, felt the head of a wet cock
smear itself across my mouth. My tongue darted out, my lips locked on the
head and I sucked him into my throat, flexting my throat muscles, trying to
milk his cock of his own cock juice.  I soon felt another cock enter me,
this one was not thick though, in fact it was kinda hard to tell what I was
like, I just knew that something was inside my body.  The cock in my mouth
was now rapidly fucking my face, I could here the person attached to it,
moaning, bucking, shouting obsenties.  He shoved his cock down my throat,
cutting off my ability to breathe.  I felt the head of his cock swell and
then felt the pumping of cum down my throat.  He quickly removed his cock
and must have shot the rest on my face.  Another cock soon took it's place,
only allowing me the briefest of moments to recover.  As I devoured the
cock in my throat I felt the cock in my ass jerking and knew it too was
dumping a load into my well abused ass.  It was soon replaced by another
hard cock, only this one I recognized.  This one was the hard thick long
cock belonging to Williams.  I opened my eyes, only to find that it wasn't
Williams at all but the first security guard.  I closed my eyes again as he
began to fuck me with a vengence.  I soon felt the cock in my mouth swell
and another load of cum was bursting it's way down my throat.  The feeling
of something wet dropping onto my chest told me that I too was coming
again.  I soon felt a tongue on my cock head and looked up see Moose
feasting on my still erupting cock.  He quickly turned and sat down on my
cock.  I groaned as I was still in the throws of an orgasm.  It wasn't long
before the cock in my ass was also firing it's hot sweet cum deep into my
guts.  Moose stiffened and pulled my head up, lifting himself off my cock,
he started stroking his hard dick in my face.  In a matter of moments I was
being showered by another load of cum.  I heard someone shout and through
half opened eyelids, saw Williams bent over Sanchez, sucking his cock while
LTC Mann shoved his hard cock up Williams' ass.  I then saw the two
security guards walk over and they soon had their cocks buried in the ass
in front of them.  My cock refused to soften, I couldn't not with this much
horny play going on.  I managed to climb off the table and moved under
Williams and sucked his hard dripping cock into my mouth.  Williams
stiffened, arched his back and start firing his own load down my throat.  I
felt another load hitting me in my chin and looked up to see the LTC Mann's
cock firing it's load in my face.  I heard Williams sputter and cough and
knew that Sanchez was unloading down his throat.  I heard another shirll to
my left and turned to see the security guard that looked like Steven Segal
dropping his load while he was sucking the Pilot and the Co-Pilot was
fucking him.  They too were busy shooting their loads all over the security
guard.  Another moan and shout and Franklin and Wise were dumping their
load all over Moose's face while he shot his load on the floor.  We were a
mass of sweaty, cum covered, royally fucked men so we decided to head to
the showers to clean up.  Cocks were still semi-hard, cum still dripping
out of them as we padded our way to the gym and the communal showers.
Before we entered the showers, Moose and I went around each man, licking
and sucking the last of the cum out of their cocks.  Once we were satisfied
they were empty, we let them pass and begin to clean themselves of the
sweat and cum.  Once we were all clean, we assembled into the kitchen to
fix something to eat.  We were famished, four weeks worth of backed up cum
and stored up sexual energy had taken it's toll.  We needed food, water and
definitely more fucking.  Once we had cleaned ourselves and toweled off we
headed to the grand living room to take in a movie.  The next thing we
knew, the security guards were waking us up, telling us it was time to get
ready to leave.  We dressed, took care of our morning business, grabbed our
belongings and headed out.  I wondered to myself what our next assignment
was going to be like and who we would be working with and would we be able
to do anything at all as far as taking care of our sexual needs.  I closed
my eyes and drifted off to sleep knowing that I would just have to wait and
find out.  I smiled as I imagined men, dressed in camo's came towards me,
each one telling me how bad they needed to nut and just how they wanted to
do it.  The last sound I heard was, "we are now at our cruising altitude,
you may unbuckle your seat belts and roam around the cabin."

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Thu, 6 Mar 2008 17:11:25 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 12

This is a work of pure fiction and bears no resemblence to what is
happening in today's world.  The characters in this story live in a disease
free world, the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is very
different, practice safe sex, please use a condom.

We were now four weeks into this mission and not a blessed thing was
happening.  We were bored, tired, edgy, and very horny.  LTC Mann had
decided to keep up busy and pre-occupied.  I had been walking around with a
perpetual hard dick for the past four weeks.  Sleeping was misery, every
movement I made made my cock immediately respond.  I wasn't alone either,
cum spots could be seen on everyone's jeans or shorts, depending on what
they wore that day.  Tempers were also getting very short and LTC Mann knew
if he didn't give us a break soon, he was going to have a huge issue to
contend with, mainly between Moose and Williams.  Franklin, Wiley and
Sanchez were snipping at each other, but Moose and Williams had come close
several times to a full-out fist fight.

Ending our fourth week, LTC Mann had us all assemble while we were in shift
change mode.  As of that moment, we were on a 48 hour R&R retreat.  A
collective shout of Hooray went up as we all cheered LTC Mann.  LTC Mann
had decided to head into Bogota for some night life and had made
arrangements for all of us to go with him.  I was in dire need of some
alone time; spite my hard dick.  I valued my "me" time and hadn't had any
of that in quite awhile.  Just 24 hours was all I needed and I'd be good to
go and could spend the next 24 hours taking care of my dick's needs.  I
opted to stay behind of which I got some genuine ribbing for but they all
understood.  What I didn't notice was that Williams had also elected to
stay behind.  I had sat down on the overpadded leather sofa in the grand
living room and was thumbing through a magazine, enjoying the quietness of
the hacienda, when Williams came strolling in and plopped down next to me.
"Great, so much for me time." I thought as I glared at Williams.  "What?"
Williams asked, "You didn't want to go into town with the rest?" I replied.
"Nah," he replied and began to fidget with the draw string on his shorts.
I went back to reading my magazine while Williams continued to sigh, and
shift, and fidget.

"For God's sake what the hell do you want Williams?" I shouted.  "Easy
baby, easy." He replied, "I just thought...well I was thinking and.." he
continued.  "What, Williams, WHAT?" I angrily replied.  "So, what's it
like, the first time....the first time you get your ass fucked?" Williams
stammered.  "Is that what you want Williams?  Do you want me to take your
cherry?" I responded thinking that my plan to take his cherry wouldn't be
needed after all.  "Well yeah, I mean, damn Stefan, I can't stop thinking
about when you ate my ass out.  Damn it felt so good and my ass has been
all twitching and hungry.  Shit dude, what did you do to me?" Williams
asked, a look of desparation and hunger in his eyes.  I leaned across,
kissed him gently on his mouth and replied, "Opened your mind to a new
experience and took you to another level of pleasure, that's all."  "C'mon,
if you're serious about this, let's get you ready." I continued.  We got up
from the couch and headed back upstairs to our room.  I walked into the
bathroom, ready to get the enema kit out when I noticed it laying in the
bath tub.  "You already douched?" I turned, asking Williams.  He looked
down towards the floor and nodded his head indicating that he had.

"OK, well, then, let's get you good and relaxed." I said as I walked
towards him and reached out to start removing his clothes.  I started with
his T'shirt, calmy and quietly telling him that the key was to relax and to
enjoy and focus your sexual energy on your ass.  I continued to undress
him, removing his shorts (he wasn't wearing socks or shoes).  I gasped as
his half hard cock reared up and smacked me in the cheek, sliming my chin
with his cock juice.  "Damn, you HAVE been thinking about this!" I
exclaimed.  "Are you going to eat my ass again?" Williams asked.  I replied
I'd would and we each got on the bed, him assuming the doggy style
position, legs spread as far apart as possible, offering me the best
advantage point to his sweet cherry.  I proceeded to lick and suck on his
freshly washed hole, each time licking my tongue across his sweet hole.
Williams was softly cooing and sighing, his hard cock pointing at his chin,
his tongue washing out the cock honey leaking from its hole.  I continued
eating and tonguing his ass gently adding my fingers, getting him good and
stretched.  Williams was bucking on my fingers and tongue, panting,
groaning, begging me to fuck his ass, to take his fucking cherry and shoot
my cum deep inside him. I'd never seen this side of this giant man, he was
passionate, tender, I almost lost my load just seeing him writhing and
groaning and begging for my cock.

"The best way to do this is for you to straddle me and sit down on my cock.
That puts you in control and you can take my cock as fast and as deep as
you feel comfortable with." I said, nudging him to roll over so I could lay
down.  I sprawled out on my back, greased up my cock good and worked a lot
of lube into his ass.  Williams grabbed my cock and placed the tip of my
dripping cock at the entrance of his black hole.  He closed his eyes and
slowly began to lower himself down onto my cock.  I continued to softly
reassure him, stroking his sides with my fingers, running my fingers over
his nipples.  I left his cock alone for a reason and I presumed he was
focusing his energy to his ass as he quickly began to lose his erection.
Watching his face, I notice him wince.  He hadn't even gotten the head of
my dick past the ring of his ass yet.  "Push out, like you're taking a
dump.  It'll help." I said.  Williams did as instructed and his grimace was
soon replaced by the look of pure bliss.  He gasped as the head of my cock
slid past his ass ring, "Hard parts over baby, now comes the best part." I
cooed.  His ass was so tight and felt so smooth inside it was incredible.
I suddenly feared that I wouldn't be able to hold out long enough to give
him a good fuck.  I was inside a virgin ass with four weeks worth of cum
stored up in my balls!  A shudder went through Williams' body as his ass
bottomed out on my cock.  "Oh fuck...fuck, fuck, fuck." He mumbeled.  His
cock flexed and a stream of cum poured out.  "You've hit your prostate.
Fucking feels good doesn't it?" I purred.  "Oh...oh...oh God...oh God..."
Williams continued to moan as he ground his hips on my cock, causing the
head of my dick to massage his love nut.  Another stream of cum poured out
and the two of us fought for his cock so we could lick it up.  Williams
beat me and soon had the head of his cock planted in his mouth, nursing
another two streams of cum out of it.  He leaned foward, causing my cock to
pull back in his ass and we exchanged tongues, him sharing his sweet cock
nectar with me.  He groaned in my mouth, his body shuddered again as he
slowly began to ride my hard dick.  He pulled away from my mouth, panting,
eyes closed, and began riding my dick even harder.  Each time the head of
my dick slid past his prostate another stream of cum would pour out,
coating my stomach and running down my hips.  "Baby, oh fucking baby, your
fucking hard cock inside my ass feels so fucking....oh fuck...oh
fuck...baby..baby...I'm going to fucking blow my load.  Oh FUCK!  Baby,
it's coming, here it comes, AAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE." Williams screamed
as his cock erupted with four weeks worth of built up cum.  At first it
just ran down the underside of his dick, but then his cock just started
firing ropes of cum everywhere, coating my face, chest, stomach, the
sheets.  Williams grabbed his cock and pointed towards his mouth, firing
the last of his cum and orgasm onto his own face.  I lost it, I bucked
twice up into Williams, practically knocking him forward and started firing
my load into his ass.  Williams screamed, he bucked and rode my dick even
harder as I shot my own heavy load into his ass.

Panting, sweat pouring off of him, he finally slowed as my dick began to
soften.  He had managed to shoot another, much smaller, load as I emptied
mine into his ass.  Williams fell foward, pinning me underneath his massive
chest, practically suffocating me.  I was trying to push him back, mainly
so I could breathe and ended up just wriggling out from underneath his
massive weight.  Williams was lost in the bliss that comes with your first
good anal fuck.  I laid in the bed, propped up on one elbow, stroking his
back, occassionally reaching between his legs and fingering his wet hole.
"Oh God Stefan.  If I'd known it was going to be THAT good, I'd have
fucking been a bottom a long long time ago.  Now I know why you like it as
well as like fucking ass.  Damn lil dude!  It's the best of both worlds
with a guy ain't it?" Williams said as he rolled over to face me, his cock
had hardened again.  "What the fuck Williams?  You fucking ready to go
again?" I asked as I grabbed his cock and started stroking it.  "Yeah I am
lil dude and I want you in my ass again." he said as he reached out for my
hardening cock.  I let go of his hard cock, rolled over on top of him and
proceeded to enter his ass again.

We fucked two more times that night, both with Williams taking my cock.
Williams had continued to produce massive loads and I was sticky and
drenched in cum by the time we were done.  We soon heard laughter
downstairs and knew the others had come back from their night on the town.
"What do you say Williams?  Wanna go down there and see if we can get an
orgy going?" I asked, winking as I started stroking Williams' cock again.
"You bet, and knowing Wise and Franklin, I'll bet I can get them to suck
your cum out of my ass!" Williams responded, jumping out of bed and making
his way down stairs, naked, cum dripping from his ass, I got up and
followed.  "My my my...what a fantastic fucking assignment this is
becoming." I thought, grinning to myself as I reached the bottom of the
stairs and heard Moose yell, "Get the fucking outta here Williams.  You
didn't get your...oh my fucking...FUCK!  You lost your fucking cherry?"
Moose screached.


Sorry to leave you hanging, so to speak..... Stay tuned!  More to cum!

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Sat, 1 Mar 2008 11:46:07 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 11

This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblence to what is
occuring in today's world.  The characters in this story live in a disease
free world, the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is very
different, practice safe sex, please use a condom.  This chapter will
evolve around Moose's character.  Moose's character is a sex pig and that
type of sex will be brought into this chapter.  If that isn't your thing,
please read around it as there will be other parts of this chapter that do
not involve pig play.

These types of missions weren't good for Moose.  Moose had the type of
personality that needed to be kept occupied, otherwise he had the tendency
to let his dick make the decisions for him; which weren't always good
decisions.  They were a week and a half into their recon mission and so
far, not a damn thing was happening.  The equipment was running well, extra
security was not needed, Moose had nothing but time on his hands.  Moose
walked into the living room where Sanchez was, earphones on his head,
listening to the dull conversations that were going on in the house next
door.  Typical stuff, nothing to give the team any reason to suspect that
anything out of the normal was going on here.  "S'up" Moose asked as he
walked into the living room.  Sanchez turned to look at Moose, not because
he heard him but saw him come in at of the corner of his eye.  Looking at
Moose Sanchez just nodded and then went back to staring blankly at the
equipment set in front of him.  Sighing, Moose turned to leave the room.
"Fuck I'm bored." Moose thought.  "Everyone is busy doing something and I
wanna fuck.  Maybe I'll head down to the gym room, do a work out and then
stroke myself off in the shower." he continued to think as he headed to
grab his gym bag.  Every good Marine had a well packed gym bag that
contained the necessary stuff for the gym.  Extra change of clothes, soap,
shampoo, comb/brush, lube, and poppers.  You never knew what you were going
to run into at the gym, so, you were always prepared.

Changing into a pair of shorts and a wife beater, Moose grabbed his gym
back and headed off for a good workout.  Walking into the gym he saw LTC
Mann working out on the treadmill.  "Hey Colonel, I thought I was going to
be working out solo.  Glad you're hear." Moose called out.  "Same here
Moose, same here." LTC Mann panted back.  Moose eyed LTC Mann, checking out
the solidly built man that was running on the treadmill.  Moose had served
on many missions with this man and had the utmost of respect for him.  He
also knew that LTC Mann was a good fuck, both giving and receiving, and
right now, his dick was thinking it would be good to get into his pants
again.  As Moose began his workout routine, his mind continued to wander.
He wondered just how far he could take things with LTC Mann in regards to
non-vanilla sex.  Moose like it all, with the exception of the pain and
torture.  Moose had zero interest in that aspect.  It was more as a result
of his growing up in an abusive house than anything else.  Early in Moose's
career he had enrolled in Special Forces training.  He was excelling in
everything he did and was hand chosen by the base commander to attend.
Moose breezed through the training and it was in this training that his pig
fetish was allowed to blossom and further grow.  There was a portion of his
training where his class was taken hostage and held at the hands of make
believe captors.  The classmates were put through the same type of abuse
and torture they could expect in reality.  They tried everything on Moose
to get him to break, pissing on him, running a low voltage shock through
his testicles, fisting him, nothing worked, he just begged for more.  Moose
hit his breaking point when they moved on to the next level, physical
torture.  Stripped naked, Moose was strapped to a board.  The instructor
began to flog him, Moose went crazy, ripped the restraining straps and
before anyone could comprehend what was happening had broke free and was
choking the instructor.  It took a total of six huge men to get him off the
instructor, nothing happened to Moose though, as far as disciplinary
punishment as this was afterall, part of the training.  Moose made a new
record in that class, he never broke and never revealed any of his training
"secrets".  What he did though, was realize the full extent of his sexual
fetishes and it wasn't long before the same leader that was starting to
flog him, was now fucking his ass like a madman.  This was after he had
used a variety of sizes of dildo's and butt plugs on Moose and also after
he had given him a good fisting followed by a piss enema.

Moose's mind and imagination came back to reality and he realized that he
had gone through his entire workout routine and was hard as a rock, both
his muscles and his cock.  LTC Mann was not oblivious to Moose's hard cock.
The treadmills faced the free weights.  Moose had chosen not to wear any
underwear and so LTC Mann had a birds eye view of Moose's genitals. He
watched Moose as he went through his workout routine, obviously lost in
thought elsewhere, and watched his cock begin to thicken and harden.
Trapped in a downward position by his shorts, Moose's cock could grow to
it's full length.  LTC Mann watched as it thickened and flexed and
throbbed, trying to break free of its confinement.  LTC Mann's cock
responded in full appreciation of the view he was being given and before
Moose had finished his workout routine, LTC Mann was hard, throbbing and
his cock was leaking clear cock juice into the pouch of his jock.  LTC Mann
also had an extremely painful full bladder, but knew he wouldn't be able to
piss while his cock was this hard.  Moose wiped the sweat from his forehead
with his hand towel and looked over at LTC Mann.  The bulge in LTC Mann's
short was obvious, Moose's mouth watered as he realized that LTC Mann was
in need of relief.

Moose got up and walked over to the treadmill that LTC Mann was using.  He
was in the cooling down portion of his work out, so he was no longer
running but doing a slow walk.  "Looks to me like you had a hard workout
sir," Moose said as he reached his hand out to rub LTC Mann's hard cock.
"Moose, I gotta piss like a racehorse, please, let me get soft and empty my
bladder before we play." LTC Mann said, pushing Moose's hand off his
crotch.  "Ever pissed on or in anyone sir?" Moose asked, flexing his hard
dick, a wet spot appearing at the waist band of his shorts, indicating that
his own cock was still leaking.  "No Moose, I haven't, why?" LTC Mann
responded, bringing the treadmill to a stop and stepping off.  "It's really
hot sir, wanna try it out?  You can use me as your urinal!" Moose offered,
a little too eagerly he later thought.  "What?  You serious?  C'mon Moose,
stop fucking with me and stop rubbing my crotch!  I gotta fucking piss and
I can't piss with a hardon!" LTC Mann stated, again pushing Moose's hand
away.  "Yes I'm serious sir, c'mon, we'll go in the showers." Moose said as
he quickly stepped out his workout clothes, socks and tennis shoes.
Grabbing the bottle of lube out of his bag, he headed to the showers, his
hard cock leading the way.  Hesitantly, LTC Mann also stripped off his
clothes and made his way to the showers, his cock still hard but beginning
to at least deflate to the point where he actually might be able to take a
piss.  He wasn't too sure about this with Moose and wasn't sure he'd be
able to piss; people just didn't do that where he came from.

Walking to the center of the showers, LTC Mann turned and asked, "OK, so
now what?"  Moose walked over to LTC Mann and knelt down in front of him.
Looking up at LTC Mann and turning his face upward, Moose said, "Just let
it flow, sir, just let it flow."  LTC Mann closed his eyes and tried to
concentrate on relaxing his muscles enough so he could start pissing.  At
first it just dribbled out the tip of his cock but within a few seconds he
was relaxed enough that a golden stream was flowing out of his cock and
splashing onto Moose's upturned face.  Moose had his eyes closed and was
groaning and moaning.  "Stop pissing sir, I have another idea." Moose said,
reaching out to pinch off LTC Mann's flow.  "OK, I got it, I'm holding it."
LTC Mann said.  "Good, now just wait." Moose said as he grabbed the lube
and began to coat LTC Mann's cock and his own hole with it.  Satisfied he
was good and lubed, Moose turned around, bent over and began backing his
ass onto LTC Mann's semi-hard cock.  He took the entire length of his cock
in no time at all and told LTC Mann to start pissing again.  LTC Mann
relaxed his muscles and before long, he was filling Moose's ass with his
piss.  He was also hard as a rock and while he was still pissing, started
fucking Moose's ass.  "Oh yeah sir, oh I can feel your hot piss inside me
and your hard cock fucking me, oh fuck LTC Mann, of fuck, fuck me sir, fuck
me hard!" Moose begged and pleaded.  Moose was keeping perfect time with
LTC Mann's thrusts and was also stroking his own cock to the same rythm
that he was being fucked with.  Moose knew it wouldn't be too much longer
before he blew his load.  He'd been stroking his cock all week; this was
the first he'd had a hard cock inside him in a week, let alone hard cock
with a load of piss.  "Fuck me sir, c'mon, fuck me hard!  Slam that fucking
cock in my ass LTC Mann!  AAAWWEEEEEEE FFFFUUUUCCCCKKKK! Moose screamed.
"Yeah?  You like my hard cock and piss up your ass son?  Huh? Yeah?  You
like that hard cock up your ass don't you bitch!  Fucking take my cock you
whore, I'm gonna fuck you hard and good!" LTC Mann shouted back.  Both men
were reaching their peak at the same time and they just kept slamming into
one another, Moose trying to get all of LTC Mann's cock and then some in
his ass, LTC Mann, trying to shove his every fiber into Moose's ass.  Moose
reached behind him and felt LTC Mann's cock pistoning in and out of his
hole, he could also feel his piss leaking out and running down the inside
of his legs.  Moose started fondling LTC Mann's balls, LTC Mann shouting
his approval and telling Moose he's going to fuck him hard, fuck him like
the bitch he is.  Without thinking about it, Moose managed to grab LTC
Mann's balls and one by one, fed them into his ass while LTC Mann was still
fucking him.  Moose not only had LTC Manns piss and cock up his ass but he
now had his balls in his ass as well.  Moose was holding his own equipment
off to the side, watching LTC Mann's cock disappear pump in and out of his
ass, stretching his ball skin.  Moose couldn't hold out any longer,
stroking his cock even faster he yelled that he was cumming and started
shooting his load on the shower floor.  "I'm getting fucking close Moose,
fucking close.  Oh shit, GODDAMN, you are one fucking hot Marine boy!
Making me piss on and in you, fucking shoving my nuts up your ass while I'm
pounding your ass with my fucking cock!"  Moose had quit shooting his load
and was now pissing, grabbing his cock, he aimed it towards his face and
while LTC Mann finished pounding his ass, Moose sprayed himself with his
own piss.  "AAAAAAWWWWWWWEEEEEE FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKK!  Get
ready bitch, I'm gonna cum, gonna fill your ass with my load." LTC Mann
shouted.  He slammed into Moose one last time and start firing his wad into
Moose's guts.  Moose could feel his cum shooting out of his cock. LTC Mann
hadn't gotten a nut off in a week and the load he was dumping into Moose's
ass was massive.  Panting, LTC Mann pulled his cock and balls from Moose's
ass, his cum and piss spilling out as he did so.  Moose collapsed on the
tiled floor, panting himself he said, "Fuck LTC Mann.  What got into you?
You've never plowed my ass like that!" Moose said.  "Shit, you got me
fucking worked up big time with your kink.  And then you grabbed my balls
and started putting them in your ass too? Holy Fuck!" LTC Mann shot back,
turning the shower heads on to not only start cleaning his own body off but
to wash down the evidence of their fuck session.  Once both men had cleaned
off, the dressed and headed back to join the rest.

I rolled over in bed and looked at the clock.  "Shit, fucking one in the
afternoon.  I'm fucking wide awake and I gotta work the night shift." I
thought to myself.  I glanced over to Williams, he had his eyes locked on
the scope and he and Sanchez were chatting back and forth through the two
way headpiece we all wore when on duty.  "Fucking shit, look at that bitch!
Damn she's sucking on his cock like there's no tomorrow!" I heard Williams
softly say as he was massaging his dick through his shorts.  "Um Um Um,
man, she could fucking choke on my cock if she wanted to." He continued.  I
got up, threw on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt and headed downstairs.  I
walked into the living room and Sanchez was repeating to Williams what was
being said in the house. "OH yeah bitch, that's it, that's it, yeah, lick
my cock like a lollipop." I heard Sanchez repeat, he too rubbing his own
hard cock through his jeans.  "Fucking Marines," I thought and chuckeled as
I made my way to the kitchen for some food.  I walked in to find Moose and
LTC Mann at the table, eating a sandwich and munching on some chips.  "Damn
Moose, you look like you've just been freshly fucked!" I spouted off.  Both
men started choking on the food in their mouths and Moose managed to get
out, "That's cuz I AM BEYOTCH!".  We all cracked up laughing and I began to
make a sandwich of my own.  "LTC Mann," I started, "Are these missions
always this boring?  I mean, Sanchez and Williams are getting each other
off by watching some gal give a guy a blowjob next door." I continued.  "I
gotta see this!" Moose shouted as he jumped up and ran out of the kitchen.
"No not normally Stefan, not normally.  I have a funny feeling that this is
going to pan out to be nothing." LTC Mann said.  Sitting down I began to
eat.  "I'm still not adjusted to these twelve hour shifts," I said.  "My
sleep is so out of whack I don't think I'll ever be normal." I added.  "It
takes time, we're used to doing this kind of stuff so it's doesn't take us
any time at all to adjust."  LTC Mann offered.  Without thinking, LTC Mann
leaned over and gave me a light kiss on my cheek.  "What was that for?" I
asked.  "Nothing, just nothing." LTC Mann replied.  "Listen, hate to leave
you here alone, but I need to go check on things." LTC Mann continued as he
got up and left.  Sitting there at the table I realized that I had popped a
boner myself.  I too had had a weeks worth of a dry spell as we all got
used to our shifts and got settled into a routine.  Seeing Williams and
Sanchez stroking their cocks, made me hungry for some dick.  I got up and
headed to where Sanchez was.  They were still going at it and Sanchez had
now lowered his shorts to his knees and was gently stroking his hard cock.
I walked over, pulled his hand off his cock and squatted down to give him a
blow job.  "Oh shit!" Sanchez said as I sucked his cock into my mouth.
Williams must have asked what was up because I heard Sanchez telling him
that I was there on my knees for him.  Sanchez continued to relay the dirty
talk to Williams as he relayed the visual back to Sanchez.  I continued to
slurp on his hard, wet, uncut cock, his had firmly on the back of my head,
guiding my head up and down his hard cock.  My own cock was begging for
attention so I slipped it out the side of my shorts and started stroking,
using my own cock juice for lube.  Sanchez' breathing was beggining to get
hard and his nuts were drawing up in their sack, I knew he was getting
close to shooting.  I sped the action up, both on his cock as well as on
mine.  Sanchez slammed my head into his lap at the same time thrusting his
hips up and started firing his pent up load down the back of my throat.  I
swallowed and licked and sucked, nursing the last of his load out of his
cock.  I then stood up, grabbed Sanchez by the back of the head and shot my
load all over his face.  Tucking my cock back into my shorts, I left him
there and headed back upstairs to see about taking care of Williams'
problem.  I walked in our room to find him bent over in the chair, his own
cock in his mouth, shooting his load.  "Shit!  Too late!" I thought as
Williams continued to nurse and suck the last of his load out of his own
cock.  Releasing his cock, Williams looked over at me and stuck out his
tongue, showing me that he still had some of his load in his mouth and
hadn't yet swallowed all of it.  I walked over to where he sat and shoved
my tongue in his mouth, cleaning the cum off his tongue.  His cock jerked
and another dollop of cum formed at the tip.  I quickly leaned down and
licked it off the head of his dick.  I took his deflated cock into my mouth
and gently and softly started nursing on it.  Williams groaned and his cock
soon began to come back to life.  I stopped sucking his cock and started
working on his balls, inching my way towards his sweet hole.  "I WILL be
fucking your ass before we leave here." I whispered to him.  Williams just
smiled and splayed his legs further apart, giving me access to his hole.

Stay tuned......more on the way.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Sat, 1 Mar 2008 08:31:15 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News Chapter 10

This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblence to any events occuring
in today's world.  The characters in this story live in a disease free
world, the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is very
different, practice safe sex, please wear a condom.

LTC Mann handed out our shift schedules.  We were on 12 hour shifts, which
actually were 13 hour shifts when you factored the half hour brief time at
each end of the shift.  I was put on the 1800 to 0600 shift while Williams
had the day shift.  Since we were roommates, we were going to have to be
extra quiet while the other person was on shift.  Our room provided the
best view of the house next door without the risk of being exposed, so that
was where the cameras and scopes were set up.  LTC Mann and Sanchez were on
the commo duties, and Franklin and Wise had security detail and general
overall coverage to keep our cover from being blown and Moose would be our
jack of all trades go to guy.  Moose could not only fix anything that broke
it seemed, but was excellent security backup due to his strength and
muscles and he was a pretty good cook too, so he was also in charge of our
meals.  I felt for Moose, he was a one man operation so he would basically
be up 24 hours.  I asked him how he did it and he said it was simple, he
cat napped when he could, he was used to it so it was nothing for him to
survive on three hours of sleep during these missions.  LTC Mann surveyed
each of the areas that the team would be responsible for and once he was
satisfied that we were ready to go released us for our perspective shifts.
For the night folks, he recommended a good work out in the gym followed by
a good soak in the sauna.  Moose piped up, "Or a hard dick up your ass!"
We all cracked up laughing and I decided a good work out and steam sounded
pretty good so I headed to my room to get changed into my workout clothes.

I spent a good 45 minutes going through the various free weight machines
and figured I had worked out enough for one day.  Stripping out of my sweat
soaked clothes, I headed for the steam sauna.  It felt great in there as
the wet heat worked it's way into the joints and muscles of your body.  I
had my eyes closed and was leaning back against the wall when I heard
someone clear their throat as they entered the sauna.  I looked up to see
Williams in all his naked glory, huge cock swinging between his legs,
walking towards me.  "Williams, what the fuck are you doing in here, you're
supposed to be on shift?" I asked, annoyed that my serenity was being
interrupted.  "Shit's broke, cameras are fucked up, scopes are fucked up."
Williams replied.  The cameras and scopes were all electronic and fed their
images into a laptop computer for saving and eventual uploading to the big
"they" in the sky.  "Moose is up there fixing them, but he said was going
to take at least an hour 'cuz he'll have to recalibrate everything again."
Williams said as he sat down next to me.  Williams' cock was rock hard by
the time he sat down and, as much as I hate to say this, being the sex
hungry pig that I am, I really didn't want to have sex, I really was
enjoying the sauna.  Unfortunately, my own cock betrayed me and shot up in
nothing flat.  Williams leaned over me and sucked my cock into his mouth.
I moaned as I felt his lips surround the head of my dick, his tongue gently
washing the head and underside of my cock.  Williams began to slowly and
gently bob up and down on my cock.  "Awe fuck Williams, damn your mouth is
good!" I said.  I reached over and grabbed Williams cock and slowly started
stroking him, his cock was already leaking so I used his precum as lube.
Williams moaned with my mouth in his cock and the vibrations of his voice
sent shivers down my spine as they radiated out and into my balls.  I
spread my legs so Williams could start working on my balls and ass.  Taking
the hint, he got off my cock, layed me on a towel he had placed on the
tiled floor, got between my legs and proceeded to feast on my cock and
balls.  Occaisonally he would dip down and lick the area between my balls
and ass but would not eat my ass.  I kept pushing his head down further,
hoping he'd get the hint that I really wanted my ass eaten, but he was not
cooperating. "C'mon Williams, fucking eat my ass!" I barked.  Williams spit
out my dick, looked up at me and said, "I don't eat pussy and I don't eat
ass."

"Really?" I shot back, "because I distinctly remember seeing your face
buried in Moose's ass when we were on the plane."  Williams moved up to me,
kissed me hard and said, "I'll fucking eat your ass until your jello on one
condition." "You want in my back door." I responded back.  Williams grinned
ear to ear and nodded his head up and down.  "OK," I said, "I'll let you in
on one condition.  I get to sit down on your cock, that way I control how
much and how fast I take it." I said.  "Deal!" Williams said and proceeded
back down between my legs.  Williams sucked my cock back into his mouth and
reached up with both hands and started pulling and rubbing my nipples.
Hell, he didn't have to eat my ass to turn me to jello, just play with my
nips!  But, I wasn't going to tell him that.  I soon felt his tongue,
tracing circles around the outer lips of my ass.  I spread my legs as wide
as I possible could and arched my back, offering him more of the entrance
to my sweet manpussy.  My cock was rock hard and pouring out cock juice as
he began to do just what he said he'd do.  My eyes were closed and I was
all but fucking myself on his tongue when I felt another cock brush up
against my cheek.  I looked up to see Franklin standing over me.  Looking
down at me he said, "I have the night shift too and could really stand to
get a nut off to help me get to sleep."  "We need to move this out of the
sauna," I said.  "C'mon, lets head back into the gym, we have more room
there and we won't have to worry about heat stroke." I continued.  All
three of us headed back to the gym where we ran into Sanchez.  "Well, well,
well," Sanchez said.  "I was going to come in here for a workout and then
head to bed, but I'm thinking this will be a much better and more
satisfying work out instead." as he stripped out of his clothes, his cock
beginning to harden.  Williams pulled a cushioned mat to the center of the
gym and I laid back down.  It wasn't long before he was back to eating my
ass and I was taking turns sucking Franklin's and Sanchez' cocks.  I was in
cock heaven, Williams was feasting at my back door, playing with my
nipples, I had two gorgeous cocks that I was bouncing back and forth on
while Franklin and Sanchez feasted on each others tongue and were also
twisting and pulling the other's nipples.

Williams stopped eating my ass, got up and walked over to his gym back to
retrieve the lube.  "You gonna fucking take his cock?" Franklin asked in
pure shock.  "Well, we'll see, but yeah, that was the deal." I said as I
got up and waited for Williams to return.  "Shhhhiiiitttt!" Sanchez
exclaimed, "I gotta fucking watch this!"  Williams returned with the lube,
laid back down on the mat and proceeded to grease up his massive cock.  He
handed the lube to me and I proceeded to grease up my hole.  "God I hope I
can do this and I hope Moose is right, that it's a slice of pure heaven!"
I thought to myself.  Williams held his cock up, indicating he was ready.
I straddeled his thighs, grabbed his cock and placed the tip of it at the
entrance of my hole.  "Relax little buddy, just relax." Sanchez encouraged
as both he and Franklin walked to each side of me, their hard and leaking
cocks jabbing into my cheeks.  I closed my eyes as I slowly began to sit
down on Williams' massive cock.  I didn't think this was going to work as I
could feel the head of his cock and most of it was outside the lips of my
ass.  I gently started easing my way down, the lips of my ass parting.  I
knew getting the head of his massive cock past my ring was going to be the
most difficult.  I figured once I got past that point, the rest should be
relatively easy.  Franklin and Sanchez were stroking their cocks and softly
encouraging me.  "Yeah Stefan, c'mon, you can do it.  How's it feel?"
Franklin said.  "Shit dude, I ain't even got past the tip of his cock yet!"
I shot back.  Sanchez straddeled Williams too and offered me his hard cock.
I sucked it in and started working on his cock while he reached out and
started playing with my nipples again.  I continued to ease down on
Williams' cock and before too long, had gotten the head of his cock past
the tight ring of my ass.  Surprisingly there was little pain, one we were
both good and lubed and two, I was not only taking it slow but was also
being raised to another level of bliss as I nursed on Sanchez' cock and he
played with my nipples.  "Lean forward, I want to see his cock slide into
your ass." Sanchez cooed.  Franklin moved behind us and squatted down so he
could see Williams' massive cock bury itself in my ass.  "Awe fuck!"
Franklin shouted, apparently it was too much of a sight to see and he
started shooting his cum all over Williams' legs.  "Oh God baby, your ass
is so fucking tight!" Williams moaned.  I felt Williams' pubes rub against
my ass and knew that I had the entire length of his cock in my ass.  I was
in fucking heaven, but wasn't sure if it was Williams' cock alone that was
putting me there or Williams' cock buried in my ass with Sanchez' cock
fucking my mouth and his hands twisting my nipples.  Either way, I didn't
last long at all.  I spit out Sanchez' cock, yelped and started shooting
ropes of cum on Williams' chest and stomach.  "Happens every time they take
the anaconda!" Williams said.  Sanchez too had hit his point and as I was
coating Williams' chest and stomach in my white wash, Sanchez' cock was
coating my throat with his massive load.

Franklin, myself and Sanchez never lost our erections, we remained hard and
ready after we lost our loads.  Sanchez was still feeding me his cock as I
began to ride Williams' massive pole.  Franklin had now moved up to
Williams' head and was feeding Williams his own cock while he feasted on
Sanchez' ass.  Williams' massive head rubbing over my prostrate was gearing
me up for another hands free cum.  I couldn't believe how good I was
feeling and I was finding myself changing my rhythm and position, getting
Williams' cock in different places of my ass so I could delay his cumming.
We were all moaning and groaning as we began to lose ourselves in this
erotic moment.  My legs, however, were beginning to tell me that they had
had enough of this position.  I started to ease myself off of Williams'
cock, which quickly got his attention.  He spit out Franklin's cock and
asked, "Baby, whatchoo doing?  I ain't cum yet!"  "I know, I need to change
positions, my thighs are beginning to cramp."  We all untangled ourselves
and I layed down on my back and waited for Williams to reenter me.  "Get on
all fours baby, that way you can 69 with someone." Williams said.  I did as
I was instructed and it wasn't too much longer before Williams had fed his
cock back into my stretched ass and Franklin was now underneath me feeding
me his cock while he feasted on mine.  Sanchez was feeding Williams his
cock and before long we were back into a rhythm, all of us grinding,
bucking, twisting and moaning as we each started to head for another
orgasm.  Williams' speed picked up, "Fuck baby, fuck, your tight ass is
going to fucking milk the cum out of this boyz cock.  Oh you're getting me
close with your tight ass." Williams groaned as he began to slam his cock
into my ass.  I was doing my best to keep up with him, thrusting back as he
thrust forward.  I felt Franklin tense, he shoved his cock further down my
throat and started pumping his load into my gut. I quickly took his cock
out of my mouth and let the rest of his load shoot on my face.  I love
sucking cock and drinking a load and I love it even more when hot hard cock
is shooting on my face.  Williams slammed into me one last time and his
hard cock started spraying it's load deep into my ass.  He yanked his cock
out of my ass and shot the rest of his load right on my hole.  That pushed
me past the point of no return and with Franklin's mouth still on my own
cock I began to unload down his throat.  Williams shoved his still hard
cock back into my ass and I must have shot a heavier amount of cum when he
did that as Franklin began chocking and sputtering, spitting my cock out,
the remainder of my load shooting on his chin and neck.  I heard Sanchez
yell out, "Aye Papi, I'm fucking cumming!" as he pulled his cock out of
Williams' mouth and started shooting his thick load on Williams' face,
tongue and chin.  We all heard another groan and Sanchez looked up to see
LTC Mann standing behind us, buck ass naked, shooting his heavy load on the
gyms tiled floor.  He knew we had come down to the gym and was there to
tell us that Moose had everything back up and operating.  He expected to
see a group of men working out.  Well, we WERE working out, just not in the
manner he tought we were.

Williams' pulled his cock out and collapsed next to me, panting, sweat
pouring off his forehead and chest.  "Man, that was one hot piece of ass
Stefan.  Damn little dude, but you can ffffffffuuuuuuuuccccccckkkk!"  I was
speechless, too lost in the afterglow, too lost in the feeling of having
taken a cock that size and thoroughly enjoying it.  Franklin was laying
next to me, also purring, when suddenly he moaned as though he was going to
shoot again.  We all looked over in time to see another load shooting out
of his still hard cock.  "Damn Franklin!  What brought THAT on?" I asked.
Panting, Franklin looked over at me and said, "Dude, do you know how
fucking hot it was to see Williams' cock buried in your ass?  His fucking
black stick fucking the shit out of your ass?  His balls slapping up
against your balls?  FUCK! OH GOD, here I go again!!" Franklin yelled as he
bucked and thrashed, another and apparently stronger orgasm taking over his
body.  His cock was flexing and you could it was trying to pump something
out but he had drained his balls and nothing was coming out of that boys
cock.

Once we had all calmed down, we collectively headed for the group showers
in the gym and began washing off.  Clean, dry and completely satiated, we
all parted company each of us heading for either our respective posts or
respective rooms.  For Williams and I they were one and the same.  Williams
never did dress and when we were back in our room he pulled me to him and
started kissing me deeply, his tongue gently caressing my mouth and
flicking at my own tongue.  After a few minutes he pulled off of me, his
cock had plumped up but wasn't at the full hardon stage.  "What brought
that on?" I asked.  "Dunno...I think I just became a slave to your ass."
Williams chuckeled.  I reached around and slapped his gorgeous tight firm
black ass and said, "Yeah well I think I just became a slave to your hot
fucking cock IN my ass!"  "But I'm not done with you yet." I continued.
Williams' looked at me, one eyebrow raised in that "Oh yeah?" pose.  "As
God is my witness I'm going to get my own hard cock up your ass before this
mission is over with!" I said.  Chuckling, Williams replied, "Oh OK Mr. All
that....you just go ahead and try. C'mon, you need sleep and I need to get
to my post."  Slapping my ass again, Williams did manage to put on a jock
strap and a white wife beater before he headed to the cameras and scopes.
I just stared at his gorgeous black ass, framed by the straps of his jock
strap.  I felt my cock begin to stir as I thought about how good it would
feel to sink my dick into that.  I had the distinct feeling that up until I
had eaten his ass, he'd never had anything but a doctor's probing finger up
there.  As I drifted off to sleep, my thoughts were that before this
mission was over, I would own Williams' cherry.


More to cum......  Thanks again for all the great feedback!  Keep 'em
cumming!

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2008 09:29:55 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 9

This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblence to anything occuring in
today's world.  The characters in this story live in a disease free world;
the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is very different,
practice safe sex, use a condom.

We were a couple of hours into our flight, I think we were anyway.  I had
managed to pack my watch and since the luggage was safely stowed in the
cargo bays of the plane, had no way of retreiving it.  An elbow nudging me
in my ribs woke me up from a rather nice and very erotic dream.  "C'mon
man, wake up, you're missing it." Moose was whispering to me.  I opened my
eyes, looked around the plane and noticed that he and I were the only two
clothed and Moose had managed to yank his pants down to his ankles and was
gently stroking his hard cock.

My eyes feasted upon three men, Franklin, Wise and presumably the co-pilot,
all buck assed naked sitting at Williams' feet (who had also stepped out of
clothes), all feasting on Williams' massive cock.  Each one managing to get
the head of his huge cock in their mouth but no more.  "Yeah, that's it
men, feast on my huge cock." Williams was cooing, "Make my cock feel good,
get it wet."  I watched Moose get up out of his seat, strip off his
clothing and then head over to where the feast was taking place.  "Out of
my way men, let me show you how a real man handles a cock this size." Moose
said as the men gathered around Williams' feet parted to make way.  "You
suck cock and eat ass?" Moose growled at Williams.  "Maybe I do and maybe I
don't" Williams replied as he reached around Moose and slapped his ass
hard.  "Think you can take this big monster up your shit chute?  This
anaconda needs a tight piece of ass and I been thinking about yours since
we met up at the airport." Williams shot back.  Looking at the other three
men on the floor, Moose offered his ass to them and told them to get it
good and wet.  Franklin and the co-pilot both dived in, their tongues
fighting over tasting Moose's tight hole.  Wise got up, wondered over to
his carry on and pulled out a bottle (a very large bottle I might add) of
silicon lube.  By now LTC Mann and Sanchez had awaken and they too were in
the process of stripping off their clothes.  The only clothed person in the
plane at this point in time was the pilot.

We continued to watch as Franklin and the co-pilot continued to feast on
Moose's ass.  Wise walked back to Moose, squirted some lube in his hand,
pushed the other two out of the way and started lubing Moose's ass up.
"Gonna need a lot of lube, this baby is a pussy and ass stretcher!"
Williams proudly exclaimed.  Once Wise was satisfied that Moose was good
and lubed, he reached between Moose's legs, grabbed Williams' cock and
pulled it back, pointing the head of his massive cock at Moose's back door.
Moose could feel the heat radiating off of Williams' cock and groaned as
the tip of his dick made contact with his ass lips.  Franklin, Wise and the
co-pilot were now on the floor, locked in a daisy chain, sucking each
others cocks.  I glanced over and LTC Mann was between Sanchez' legs,
bobbing up and down on his hard cock.  I was the only one who didn't have a
dick in my mouth and was slowly stroking my own cock.  "This is really hot,
just sitting back and watching," I thought to myself.  I looked down at my
hard cock, wiped the cock juice off the tip of my dick then licked it off
of my hand.  I heard Moose moan and looked up.  Moose had hardly taken any
of Williams' cock in his ass.  He was going very slow and I can't blame
him, I'm not sure I could take a cock that size.  We all stopped what we
were doing to watch Moose and Williams.  Slowly Moose lowered his ass down
on Williams' cock.  "How's it feel?" Wise asked as he stroked the co-pilots
cock and fondled his balls.  "Mmmm...it's fucking good, so fucking good."
Moose purred back.  The head of Williams' cock slowly disappeared into
Moose's ass.  His dick must have just gotten past the sphincter ring when
Moose bucked, moaned and shot a load on Williams' chest.  "Oh yeah baby, uh
huh, yeah they all do that when they get past the head of my cock."
Williams exclaimed as he wiped the cum off his chest and fed it to Moose.
Moose moaned and panted as he licked and sucked his load off of Williams'
fingers.  I heard the co-pilot moan and saw him buck and turned just in
time to see three shots of cum arc into the air, landing on the co-pilots
face.  Wise leaned in and started licking the cum off his face but before
he could get the rest cleaned up, the co-pilot extended his tongue and
washed his own moustache, lapping up the last of his own cum.  Wise went
back to sucking the co-pilots cock, nursing the rest of his load out of him
and keeping him hard.

Moose let out a yelp has he finally bottomed out on Williams' cock.  He was
sweating, shaking, moaning, panting, you name it.  Moose was completely
lost in the feeling of Williams' hard cock inside him.  Franklin got up off
the floor and walked over to me, standing in front of me he offered me his
own hard and dripping cock.  I eagerly sucked his cock into my mouth and
started giving him a blowjob like he'd never had.  I heard LTC Mann moan
and could see Sanchez' head bobbing up and down in his lap.  I spit
Franklin's cock out and moved him out of the way, I wanted to see what was
going on with Moose and Williams.  Franklin sat in the chair next to me,
stroking his hard leaking cock. Wise now had the co-pilot bent over and was
fucking the co-pilots ass while Sanchez bounced up and down on LTC Mann's
hard cock.  We were all doing our best to watch the action between Moose
and Williams and also not blow our loads too soon.  Moose and Williams were
locked in a heated kiss and Moose was riding Williams' cock like a pro.  I
couldn't believe he could take something that large but then remembered
back to the night in the bar when Moose took both mine and Dan's cock at
the same time.  "And yet he claims he's straight." I thought.  Moose pulled
his face away from Williams, howled and let go with another load.  "Yeah
baby, that's it, let this dick milk you, c'mon baby, ride my cock, oh you
feel so good and tight." Williams said.  I heard another groan and looked
just in time to see Wise yank his cock out of the co-pilots ass and shoot
his massive load all over the co-pilots back.  I glanced over at Franklin
and he too was dumping a load on his chest.  I leaned over and began to
clean his cum off, my own cum shooting out of my hard cock and coating
Franklin's thigh with my sticky load.  Sanchez squealed as he too lost his
load while LTC Mann pumped his heavy load into Sanchez' ass.  "Look at that
baby, look at whatcha did, you got the whole plane off just by riding my
cock.  Oh I'm close baby, I'm close.  Watchin these men shoot their hot
loads, watching you shoot two loads and feeling your tight ass lips on my
cock is taking me close.  You want it?  You ready for my hot load?"
Williams growled.  Moose could only pant and nod as he sped up his humping
on Williams' cock.  "Oh get ready, here I go, I'm gonna fill you up with my
load." Williams said. His legs tensed, his eyes rolled in the back of his
head and his cock started shooting it's load up Moose's ass.  Moose howled
again and dumped another load of cum on Williams' chest.

We watched as Williams bucked into Moose at the same time slamming Moose
down on his cock.  We could see the underside of his cock flexing as it
pumped Williams' cum into Moose's hole.  Moose was going wild on Williams'
cock as he felt each scalding spray of cum shoot deep into his guts.  We
all moaned as we watched Williams' load begin to run out of Moose's ass and
back down his dick.  Wise and the co-pilot shot another round of cum on
each other as they watched this then moved up and started cleaning the cum
off of Williams' dick and ball sack.  Moose slumped against Williams'
chest, panting, moaning, we could here him whimpering.  LTC Mann, Sanchez
and Franklin all stood and gathered in front of me, stroking their hard
cocks they started shooting their loads all over my face and chest.  I
stuck my tongue out, trying to catch as much cum as I could.  All three men
had just cum not that long ago, but because the show that Moose and
Williams had put on for us was so hot, each man was pumping what seemed
like a gallon of cum all over me.  I groaned and started to shoot my own
load, spraying Franklin's balls with my cum.  I leaned forward and started
licking and cleaning each cock in front of me, sucking the last of their
load out of their wilting cocks.  Moose was still impaled on Williams' cock
and still whimpering.  Williams was running his hands up and down Moose's
back, calming him down, whispering things to him that none of us could
hear.  Sanchez, LTC Mann and Franklin returned to their seats and began
going about the task of wiping the cum off of them.  The co-pilot had
cleaned himself off was dressed and heading back to the cockpit.

Moose finally found his legs and started easing himself off of Williams'
cock.  Williams' cock was wet and glistened with lube and his cum.  Once
those two were cleaned up, they too dressed as did I.  I couldn't believe
what I'd just seen and couldn't believe how incredibly hot it all was.
Moose came back over and slumped down in the chair next to me.  "How was
it?" I asked.  Moose looked over at me through half closed eyes, "I think I
saw heaven.  I mean, I really thought this was going to hurt like a bitch,
but it was the best damned ride I've ever had!" Moose cooed.  "You need to
try it out dude, seriously, lots of lube and take it real slow and you'll
be just fine." Moose continued.  "Perhaps" I replied.  I glanced over to
Williams only to find his eyes staring back at me.  He pointed to me and
said, "Your ass is next."  I smiled, weakly, and laughed, but inside I felt
a flame light that I never knew existed and my ass twitched at the prospect
of taking his massive meat up my ass.

The remainder of our flight was uneventful.  We ate, dozed, watched a movie
and before long the pilot announced our descent into Bogota.  We taxied
down the runway and pulled into a spot for us to deplane.  Once we were off
and our luggage was handed back to us, we began our processing through
customs and were met by the Columbian police to be escorted for our
inbrief.  Once we were inbriefed, we were then given the keys to our van
along with directions to the hacienda that the Columbian military had
secured for us.  We had been assured that the place had already been swept
clean of any listening devices or cameras, but just to be on the safe side,
a US Army inteligence crew had been dispatched to do a second sweep.  They
found three bugs and two cameras, removed them and allowed us to enter into
what would be our new home for the next few weeks.

The hacienda seemed to be palacial.  There were enough bedrooms for six
people, someone was going to have to bunk up with another person.  Since I
was the civilian in this crowd, it was determined for me that I'd share a
room with Williams.  "Uh oh," I thought, "My backdoor is going to get a
workout for certain."  I glanced at Williams who had a huge smile on his
face, rubbing his crotch he walked past me and whispered loud enough for me
to hear but no one else, "You're gonna be shitting my cum out all day long
tomorrow by the time I'm done with you."  He slapped my ass as he passed
and headed to our room.  We all disperesed to our rooms to unpack and get
settled in.  LTC Mann had told us to meet in the kitchen within an hour.  I
walked into our room to find that there was one bed, a king size bed, but
one bed.  "Great, I'm going to sleeping next to Williams and his mammoth
cock." I thought.  Again, a felt that flame in me ignite and my ass
twitched.

We got our gear stored and headed to the kitchen for our meeting.  LTC Mann
began to explain our mission, that we were to observe the hacienda next to
ours.  The US Army had implanted an intelligence guy undercover in the
hacienda.  His mission was to be our front line eyes and ears and also to
plant our own listening devices.  I was put in charge of snapping photos of
the comings and goings and I was also to give everyone a fast class on
photography.  Our hacienda was situated on a hill and it overlooked the
hacienda we were to watch.  We had a perfect view of everything from below.
LTC Mann made it very clear to us that we were not to leave the hacienda
alone.  He wanted us all to travel in three's for safety.  To the people in
Bogota, we were simply US businessmen there to secure some business deals
in antiquities and rare books.  I was also instructed that under no
circumstances was I to leave the hacienda without at least Moose or
Williams with me.  Those two were our martial arts experts and if anything
were to happen, LTC Mann knew that I'd be safe in their company.  We began
the task of setting up our equipment, cameras were stationed in two windows
and masked so that there would not be the risk of reflection from the
lenses. Franklin busied himself with setting up the commo equipment and
dialing into the frequencies of the listening devices.  The remainder of
the crew went throughout the hacienda, identifying blind spots, points of
entry that posed a weakness for someone breaking in unnoticed and setting
up armed spots that the men could assemble to if needed.  I have to admit,
it all seemed a little eerie but these men all went about their tasks with
finese and speed.  I was actually in awe watching these men scope
everything out, and then report back to LTC Mann.

We were finished setting up and were just wondering around checking things
out when LTC Mann gathered us again for another meeting in the kitchen.  I
asked why we kept meeting in the kitchen and Moose explained to me that the
hacienda had at one time been owned by a reputed drug lord.  He'd had the
kitchen built so that listening and camera devices, if they were installed,
would be useless as the signals would not be able to penetrate the thick
walls and just to be on the safe side, had the walls layered with a
galvenized steel.  This was the most secure part of the house.  LTC Mann
went to great lenghts to explain that outside of the kitchen, all
conversation was to center around what our screen was, businessmen.  LTC
Mann reassured me that I'd catch on quickly and that it would eventually
become second nature.  If I wasn't sure about something I was merely to
respond in simple phrases.  We went through the checklist once more and
satisfied that we were set and ready to go, LTC Mann dismissed us for the
evening with strict instructions that we were to stay inside the hacienda.

I took this opportunity to tour my surroundings.  Off of the kitchen was a
fully stocked walk in pantry, industrial sized refrigerators were also
stocked full of food.  There would be no need for us to go shopping for
food while we were here, it was all here for us.  I walked into a massive
living room that housed a large screen TV with built in entertainment
system and surround sound along with movies of every genre to include
adult.  "Great, cuz they won't be horny enough on their own." I thought as
I checked out the titles of the adult movies, all straight movies I might
add.  From the living room I managed to find my way to LTC Mann's bedroom.
Well, bedroom is an understatement, it was a massive suite, king sized
canopy bed, dressing area, huge walk in closets, a massive master bathroom
with garden tub and steam shower.  I noticed a set of stairs off the
entrance into the master bedroom that led down and decided to follow them.
I gasped when I entered the built in gym with sauna that was in the
basement of the hacienda.  "Man oh man, did this guy ever live large?" I
said.  "Yes he did," came a voice from behind me.  Startled, I spun around
to find that Wise had followed me down here.  "Sorry, didn't mean to
startle you." Wise said.  "What did the guy who lived here do again?" I
asked.  "He was a drug lord, this is nothing compared to his grand palace."
Wise replied.  "How come you know so much and yet you're a Lance Corporal?"
I asked.  Wise giggled and explained that he and Franklin both had been
busted to Lance Corporal for fighting.  Apparently they were being followed
on one of their missions so they led the guy down a blind alley and
proceeded to kick the crap out of him.  They learned later that we was an
undercover operative (a full bird colonel at that) who had been tasked to
follow them and make sure they were safe and out of trouble.  Had Franklin
and Wise given the signal they were told to use, the colonel would have
responded back and all would have been well.  The Colonel wanted them both
court martialed, but their commander convinced him otherwise and so they
were busted to Lance Corporal instead.  I let Wise continue to lead me
through the remainder of the hacienda.  We entered another basement area
with a closed door marked, "By inviation only."  "Check this out," Wise
told me as he opened the door.  We stepped in and my chin hit the floor.
We were standing right in the middle of a dungeon type set up, complete
with restraining devices, slings, cats o nine tails, whips, handcuffs, you
name it.  "Man oh man!" I said.  "Yeah, this guy had a S&M thing going on.
He liked to be tied up, whipped, beat, cut, pissed on, shit on, you name
it.  Pretty sick stuff if you ask me." Wise said.  "Yeah I agree, except
for the pissing stuff.  That can be pretty hot." I said without thinking.
"You like getting pissed on?" Wise asked.  "Sure!  It's hot, ever tried
it?" I asked.  "No way man, no fucking way.  No one and I mean NO ONE is
going to piss on me." Wise shot back.  "Hmmm..we'll see." I said as I
winked back at Wise.

"C'mon, we need to make our way back to the kitchen.  I'm hungry and Moose
and Williams are in charge of the food tonight." Wise said.  We made our
way back to the kitchen, talking about various things, mostly sex.  I had a
raging hard on by the time we entered the kitchen.  "Just in time for
dinner, c'mon guys, grab a plate and help yourselves." Williams said. With
dinner out of the way and the kitchen cleaned up we headed into the living
room for some Tv.  The curtains were drawn throughout the hacienda so that
no one could see in.  "Let's pour some beers, drink some Tequila, and get
the party going!" Moose exclaimed as he ripped off his shirt.  "Fuck Moose,
ain't you drained from the flight over?" Franklin asked.  "I mean, your ass
should be fucking sore and you should be fucking exhausted!" Franklin
continued.  "Not this boy, I'm jazzed and ready to go." Moose shot back.
"Not me man, I'm beat, in fact, I'm going to head for bed." I added.
"Pussy!" Moose shot back.  "Good night men, see you in the morning." I
responded, ignoring Moose's comment.  Williams chimed in that he too was
exhausted as did Franklin and Wise and they all headed to their prospective
rooms as well with Williams practically on my heels. "Hey, where's LTC Mann
and Sanchez?" Moose shouted.  "Most likely they're in the sauna, fucking."
Williams said.  "Sweet, I'm gonna go see if they need a third." Moose said
as he left to head to the gym.

Williams and I walked in our room and I began to get undressed.  "I need a
shower, I smell like cum, cum and cum." I said as I headed towards the
shower in our room.  "Me too, mind if I join you?" Williams asked as he was
removing his jeans.  "Sure," I said.  "But don't be surprised if I can't
respond to what I think you want.  I really am beat.  Is this jet lag?" I
asked.  "Yup!  And the only way to get through it is to fuck!" Williams
responded, his dick beginning to swell.  I ignored him and headed into the
walk in shower.  Every bedroom in the hacienda was huge and had it's own
private bathroom.  I turned on the water and stood under the spray of one
of the shower heads.  Williams came in after me and walked up behind me and
pulled me to him.  I could feel his hardening cock snake its way between my
legs.  "C'mon Williams, knock it off, I'm serious, I'm fucking beat man." I
whined, trying to push the massive man off of me.  I might as well have
been trying to push the Chrysler building off of me as massive as Williams
was.  "C'mon baby, I need to get a nut again.  Been thinking about your
sweet ass all day, c'mon let me in." Williams whispered into my ear as his
hands found my nipples and began to squeeze them.  Bingo!  He'd found one
of my hot spots and my dick quickly responded, betraying my state of
exhaustion.  I turned around and as tall as Williams was, my face only met
his chest, putting his black nipples right at mouth height.  I took his
left nipple into my mouth and began to suck and nipple it.  His cock jerked
and twitched, "Bingo!  I found one of HIS hot spots!" I thought to myself.
While my mouth went to work on his nipples, my hands began to explore his
massive back.  I shuddered as my hands explored each and every hard muscle,
tracing their outline.  His cock was now fully hard and was throbbing up
under my balls and my taint.  I could feel the head of his cock beginning
to rub on my hole and I moaned.  "Maybe Moose was right, maybe this is a
dick of heaven." I thought to myself.  My hands found his tight black ass
cheeks and I began to explore the crack of his ass.  Williams tensed as my
fingers brushed up against his hole.  "Bingo!  I found another hot spot." I
thought as I continued to lightly rub his ass lips with the tips of my
fingers.  Williams moaned his appreciation and his dick flexed again.  I
could feel my own ass lips begin to quiver as the head of his cock kept
rubbing against them.  I pulled off of his nipples and reached for some
soap.  I quickly went about lathering this hunk of man up paying close
attention to his mammoth cock, balls and hole.  Williams moaned and panted,
his cock so hard I thought it was going to break.  I guided him back under
the spray of the shower and rinsed him off.  I had him face the wall and
bend forward slightly.  "What are you going to do?" He nervously asked me.
"Take you to paradise." I responded.  I grabbed the cheeks of his ass,
pulled them open and shoved my face into the crack of his ass.  My tongue
darted out and I quickly found his sweet hole and started licking and
slurping on his back door.  Williams moaned his appreciation and leaned
forward, giving me better access to his hole.  "Oh man, that feels good, no
one has ever eaten my ass before." Williams moaned again.  I continued to
devour his ass, my tongue dipping in every now and then, tasting his inner
walls.  He tasted clean and sweet and my own cock was flexing and leaking
as I ravaged his ass.  Williams was soon moaning and panting, bucking his
ass back on my tongue, fucking himself with my mouth.  I had grabbed my
cock and was stroking it, hoping that I would be able to get Williams off
this way versus him fucking my ass.  I just wasn't sure I was ready for
that yet.  With my free hand I reached between Williams' legs to massage
his nuts.  They were already drawn up and tight against his body, I knew he
was close and knew just what to do bring him off.  I spun him around so
that he was no facing me and began to nurse the tip of his dick, licking
the huge head of his cock, dipping my tongue in and lapping up the sweet
cock honey that poured out.  He was moaning and trembling and I knew that
my mouth was doing the trick, now to add the grande finale to send him over
the edge.  I sucked in as much of his cock as I could, which pretty much
was just the head of his dick.  My tongue found the sensitive area just
under the head of his cock and I began to flick my tongue under it as fast
as I could. While he was lost in the feeling of my mouth and tongue on his
dick, I quickly reached around him and began playing with his hole, gently
and slowly inserting first one finger, then two.  His ass clamped around my
invading fingers, his cock flexed and the head expanded.  Williams bucked
once, then twice and started shooting his sweet load down my throat.
Fortunately, his load wasn't as large as they previous two were and I had
little difficulty in swallowing it.  I pulled off his huge cock and let the
rest of his cum shoot on me face and lips.  I stroked my cock faster and
faster and within a few moments was dumping my own load down the shower
drain.

Williams was satisfied and I was relieved that I hadn't had to face trying
to take his giant cock up my ass.  We both cleaned off, threw on shorts and
a T-shirt and headed for bed.  Williams pulled me close to him after I had
turned off the lights and climbed in.  We spooned, his massive arms wrapped
around my waist, hugging me to him.  Williams leaned in, gently kissed my
ear and said, "Thanks baby.  Never had my ass eaten before and it was good!
You can have my hole anytime you want, just so long as you don't try to
shove anything bigger than your fingers into it." he continued.  I purred,
giggled and said, "We'll see about that."  We said our goodnights and
drifted off to sleep.

Stay tuned for more!!!  Thanks for the input, keep it cumming!!

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 11:33:28 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 8

This is a work of fiction.  The characters in this story line a world free
of disease. The use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is very
different though; practice safe sex, use a condom.  The last couple
Chapters have been written in third person, this chapter will be written in
first person, back to Stefan's point of view.

I arrived at the executive terminal a few minutes after every one else.  I
met up with the group of men and listened intently as introductions of the
other three were made.  I checked each man out, Williams, Franklin and Wise
were all hot, well built men.  It was hard to decide which one I wanted
first.  I played close attention to Williams' crotch, the outline of his
cock was visible through his jeans and it snaked its way down his left leg.
My mouth watered, my ass twitched and my cock began to harden as I gazed
and fantasized what it must be like to ride such a big cock.  Franklin and
Wise were equally built and they too sported their own full packages in
their jeans.  Feeling flushed and in needing to one, piss and two, drop a
load, I excused myself and headed for the mens room.  We had an hour wait
as the private jet we were on wasn't quite ready to go.

I saddeled up to the urinal and pulled my cock out.  I was having an
especially hard time going as I couldn't seem to get my cock to wilt enough
to let my urine pass.  All I could think about was the huge cock snaking
down Williams' leg.  I heard the restroom door open and someone stepped up
to the urinal on my right.  I glanced over to see it was a pilot.  Our eyes
met and he smiled as I heard his zipper open.  I was finally able to start
my badly needed piss and was enjoying the feeling of relieving my bladder.
What I didn't hear though was the splash of piss from the man standing next
to me.  I glanced over again to find the pilot staring at me.  The motion
of his right arm told me that he wasn't there to piss, but to cum.  I
looked down into his urinal and sure enough, he had pulled his cock and
balls out and was stroking a nice sized cock.  My cock sprang to attention
again and I motioned for us to head to the last stall.  I went in first and
sat down on the toilet, hoping not to fall in.  He came in behind me, cock
still out, closed and locked the stall door.  I sucked his cock into my
mouth and began bobbing up and down on it.  My stranger pilot began softly
moaning and whispering to me to keep eating his hard cock that my mouth
around his dick felt good.  I alternated from eating his cock to sucking
his balls.  I wanted more of this stranger but he made it very clear to me
with his actions that he only wanted a blow job.  I went back to sucking on
his cock, running my tongue up and down the underside of his cock, dipping
the tip of my tongue into his piss slit and tasting the sweet nectar that
had begun to leak from his cock.  I had one hand around my own cock and
reached up to play with his balls.  I grabbed and started gently squeezing
his balls.  He continued to whisper to me that it felt good and that I was
a great cock sucker and it wouldn't be long before he pumped his load into
my mouth.  I could feel his balls begin to pull up and knew he was getting
close.  Within moments his breathing became harder and he was panting.  He
was begging me to speed up, he needed to get his nut and bad.  My hand was
flying up and down on my own cock and I was ready to start shooting as
well.  My pilot stranger tensed, grunted twice and his cock unloaded in my
mouth.  I gulped and gulped and swallowed as fast as I could, his load was
massive.  As his cock quit spitting in my mouth, my cock went off and I
sprayed my own load all over the stall.  Some landing on his navy blue
slacks.  "Shit, you fuck, I gotta fly today, I don't need cum stains on my
fucking slacks!" he snapped at me.  He yanked his wilting cock out of my
mouth, stuffed it back into his slacks and headed out.  I wiped up as much
of my own mess as I could, checked to make sure I hadn't gotten any cum on
my own clothes and finished what I had originally started in here for, to
piss.

Having finished pissing, I headed out to rejoin my group.  "Just in time,
we're going to start boarding." LTC Mann said to me.  I grabbed my stuff
and we headed out to the private jet.  I walked up the boarding stairs and
just about fainted as I boarded the plane.  Our pilot was the one who I'd
just sucked off in the bathroom.  As I walked past him, he patted my ass
and whispered his thanks in my ear.  I just nodded my head and continued on
to find my seat.  The plane was an executive Lear jet and it was nice.
Corinthian leather seats, fully stocked bar, kitchen with airline type
meals in the refrigerator, you name it, it had it.  I decided to sit next
to Moose as I wasn't too sure I could trust myself around the others.  I
knew I could keep my hands to myself with Moose, he had made it clear from
the first time we fucked that he would approach me when he wanted some
cock.  He had a straight tough image to uphold, in fact, he claimed he was
straight and had a girl waiting for him in Texas.  The fucking he did with
the men was so he could keep satisfied and wouldn't be tempted to stray to
another girl.  I found that belief to be rather odd, considering how much
he loved getting his ass plowed.  Be that as it may though, I figured I was
safe.

We took off, the Captain made his standard announcements, the co-pilot ran
us through the safety briefing and we all settled in for what would be a
rather long flight.  We were probably a half-hour into our flight when I
dozed off.  I woke up not too long after feeling a hand around my cock
while my right hand was being placed around a hard cock.  I opened my eyes
to find Moose staring at me, a look of lust in his eyes.  He had gotten up
and had retrieved blankets and put them over the two of us.  I glanced
around the rest of the plane to find everyone else had also dozed off.
"What are you doing?" I whispered to Moose.  "Shit man, I've got a birds
eye view to Williams' fucking crotch man. I've been staring at that lump of
meat he's packing and wondering what it would be like to have him fuck me.
I'm so fucking hard man, c'mon, take care of me dude." He pleaded.  "Well
not here, c'mon, let's head back to the lavatory." I replied.  We got up
from our seats as quietly as possible, taking care not to wake anyone.
Once we were satisfied everyone was asleep, Moose and I headed back to the
lavatory on the plane.  We entered it, closed and locked the door and
noticed that it was larger than the standard airplane lavatory.  I turned
to face Moose, only to find that he had already dropped his pants and was
bent over, waving his ass at me.  So I did what any other red blooded horny
man would do, I prepared to feast upon his ass.  Moose cooed and purred and
squirmed as I licked and sucked and dipped my tongue into his hole.
Occasionally he would shove his dick back and I'd work on it while I finger
fucked his ass.  "C'mon dude, I gotta have your cock in my ass, fuck me
now!" Moose panted.  Again, I obliged.  I wasted no time in planting my
rock hard cock in his ass.  Moose immediately started riding my cock,
stroking his own dick, moaning the entire time.  "Yeah, fucking fuck me
with that huge black cock of yours!" Moose squealed.  I slowed my stroking
as clearly it wasn't my dick in his ass that was getting him off, it was my
dick in his ass coupled with the fantasy that Williams was the one doing
the fucking.  I leaned across his back and said, "I'm not Williams, thanks,
if you want me to fuck you, then think about MY cock, not his!"  Moose
started to stand up but couldn't as I bore as much of my full weight back
down on his back.  "Oh no you don't fucker, you don't get out of this this
easy.  You were the one who pulled my cock out and begged me to fuck you,
so you're going to get fucked.  Now shut up bitch and take my cock!" I
sniped back.  I let up off his back and started slamming my cock in and out
of his ass.  "Motherfucker," I thought to myself, "I'll fuck you, thinking
about Williams' cock while riding mine."  Moose was back to panting and
pleading to fuck his ass.  He was groaning that he was going to cum and I
was getting close myself.  I felt his ass lips begin to flex around my cock
and knew that he was shooting his load all over the lavatory cabinets.  I
pulled my cock out of his ass and started stroking it and within a few
minutes was shooting my own load all over Moose's back.  I shoved my still
spurting cock back into his ass and finished off the orgasm by continuing
to fuck him hard.  I pulled wet cock out of his ass, wiped it off with some
paper towel, shoved it back into my jeans and headed back to my seat,
leaving Moose there to clean up the mess.

Williams was awake when I sat back down.  I glanced over in his direction
and he was sitting there, smiling at me, massaging the now massive log that
snaking down his leg.  He unzipped his jeans, reached in and hauled out his
massive cock, just for me to see.  My mouth hung open as I saw how long and
thick his dick was.  My cock flexed, my ass twitched and I dumped a load in
my underwear just thinking about what it would feel like having his hard
cock up my ass.  Franklin was sitting next to Williams and was also asleep.
Williams had managed at one point to unzip Franklin's jeans and pull out
his cock.  He had stroked it to full hardness and his cock was also huge
and beautiful.  His dick was throbbing as Williams wrapped his hand around
it and started stroking it.  I was mesmerized as I watched Williams jerk
off his buddy while stroking his own massive member.  Williams mouthed,
"watch this", let go of Franklin's cock, leaned down and began licking the
tip of his own dick.  Moose had now returned to his seat and he too was
mesermized by watching Williams lick the head of his own cock.  We both
pulled out our hard cocks and started stroking as Williams continued to put
on an autofellatio show for us.  He had quick licking the head of his cock
and was down bobbing up and down his own pole.  Moose and I both sighed and
groaned as we continued to stroke our cocks.  Williams was beginning to
speek up his self sucking and we sped up stroking our own cocks.  I heard
Williams grunt softly and realized he was shooting his load into his own
mouth.  That was all I could take, I grabbed Moose by the back of the head
and shoved him down on my cock as I again, erupted a load of cum.  Moose
started coughing and sputtering as he tried to take my load.  I pulled him
off of me once I was done cumming and proceeded to go down on Moose, my
eyes never leaving Williams.  To prove he'd just taken his own load,
Williams got up out of his seat and walked over to us and kneeled in front
of us.  He opened his mouth to show us the cum that he had not yet
swallowed.  That was the final straw for Moose and he grunted and started
shooting his load down my throat.  I pulled off of Moose's cock as I
swallowed the last of his load.  "Wanna taste?" Williams asked us.  Both
Moose and I reached out and grabbed his cock and pulled him to us.  We both
started licking his massive black cock, getting it good and clean from his
self suck session.  More cum dribbled out of the head of his cock and our
tongues fought over who was going to lap it up.  William's softly giggled
as he watched two grown men fight over his cock.  "Happens every time I
haul this monster out.  Happens with the men and it happens with the
ladies." Williams whispered.  Satisfied that we had gotten him cleaned up,
Williams went back to his seat, tucked Franklins cock back into his pants
and dozed off again.  Moose and I shoved our own cocks back into our jeans,
zipped them back up and once again, nodded off, content that we had gotten
some of Williams' hot hard cock.

Stay tuned to find out what happens on the rest of the flight...

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 07:59:21 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 7

Marine Corps News Chapter 7

This is a work of fiction.  There is not any connection at all to the plot
of this story and what is occuring in today's world.  This is a story and
nothing more.  The characters in this story live in a world free of
disease.  The use of condoms is not portrayed; the real world is very
different.  Practice safe sex, please use condoms.

LTC Mann received word Sunday afternoon that there was another change to
the mission. Things had heated up in Columbia and intelligence had
confirmed that the drug cartel was indeed funding terrorist operations.
The crew from Camp Pendleton were on a flight to D.C. and they would
depart, via private plane, to Bogota at 0600 Monday morning.  LTC Mann's
crew was to be assembled and ready to go at the executive terminal by 0500.
LTC Mann spent the remainder of Sunday notifying his team of the mission
change as well as packing his own bags to go.  They were not to travel in
uniform and their mission would be done in civilian clothes.

LTC Mann had decided to head to the bar that Dan worked at for a late
hamburger and beer.  He arrived at 1900 (seven o'clock p.m.) and placed his
order.  He and Dan chatted with one another for a few minutes before Dan
had to leave to go tend to other customers.  LTC Mann had sampled Dan's ass
and cock on several occasions and knew he was an excellent fuck.  Outside
of Stefan, Dan was the only one that had fucked his ass with the wild raw
energy that he liked.  Dan had a beautiful, uncut 9 X 2 cock that could
fuck, cum and keep right on fucking.  There had been several evenings where
LTC Mann had to beg Dan to stop fucking him as he'd worn him raw and his
ass was sore.  It had been several weeks since their last fuck and LTC Mann
had counted four loads that Dan had dropped in his ass.  Dan was also the
only man that LTC Mann had been with that had forced two hands free orgasms
out of him, the loads massive, the orgasm so strong that the LTC nearly
passed out.  Dan was a total top though and although he loved getting his
ass eaten, that was the extent of his ass play.

"Hey LTC Mann, what brings you down here?" a familiar voice asked.  LTC
Mann turned and saw Moose approaching him.  "I was just getting a late
night meal and beer.  What are you doing here?  Are you packed and ready to
go?" LTC Mann asked.  "Yeah, we're all ready.  Sanchez and I are shooting
some pool, Stefan is up in his apartment doing whatever it is these
journalism geeks do."  Moose snorted.  "Feel like playing a round of pool?"
Moose asked.  "Not much of a pool player Moose, never got the hang of it
and never cared too much for it.  But, I'd love to join you and Sanchez for
beer and watch the two of you play." LTC Mann said rather eagerly.  "Great!
Dan, how about a pitcher?  C'mon LTC, let's go!" Moose said.  Moose turned
to head back to Sanchez and LTC Mann gazed at the Marines tight ass as he
walked back to where Sanchez and he were playing pool.  "That kids an
awesome fuck!  Took two dicks up his ass at the same time one night and
screamed like a two bit whore the entire time!" Dan said as he set the
pitcher of freshly poured beer in front of LTC Mann.  "Really?  I would
never have guessed he loved dick up his ass.  He's so damn masculine and
butch...." LTC Mann said.  "Listen to you old man.  You fucking reek of
domination and power and yet you love a cock up your ass from time to
time!" Dan said, chuckling.  LTC Mann laughed, told Dan he had a great
point, grabbed the pitcher of beer and made his way to the men.

"Evening Colonel", Sanchez said as LTC Mann approached.  "Evening Sanchez,
so who's winning?" LTC Mann said.  "I am, the big Moose!  Got Sanchez down
by three, one more and this bitch is mine for the night!" Moose said,
slapping Sanchez on the back.  "Fuck you.  I ain't your bitch, not now, not
ever!" Sanchez retorted. The two men began to play again and LTC Mann just
sat and watched.  Sipping on his beer, he admired both men and their
physique.  They both were well built, Sanchez was a short man though so he
was built more like the proverbial bull dog than Moose was.  Moose towered
over Sanchez and it wasn't long before LTC Mann began to fantasize about
these two men.  He imagined them both naked, hard thick cocks jutting up,
slapping each of their bellies as cock juice oozed out of their piss slits.
He imagined Moose's cock, thick, long and cut with a bulbous head, while
Sanchez' cock was short, thick and uncut, the tip of his cockhead peeking
out of the foreskin as clear juice leaked out.  LTC Mann continued to
fantasize about taking each man's cock in his own mouth, one a time,
sucking on the other as the two men kissed and played with each other's
nipples.

Stefan entered the bar and noticing the three men at the pool table and an
empty pitcher of beer on the table next to them, decided to join them.  He
approached Dan at the bar and ordered a pitcher of beer.  "Dan, I hear you
play host to after hour parties," Stefan said as Dan returned with the
pitcher of beer.  "Yup, 100 bucks will get you my services after the bar
closes.  And since this is Sunday, the bar closes at 10 pm." Dan replied.
Looking at his watch, Stefan realized it was 9:30, placing a 100 dollar
bill on the bar counter, he winked at Dan and said, "Consider yourself
hired.  What do I owe you for the pitcher?"  "Nada, on the house, no one
else is in here but you all so I think I'll close up early."  Dan left,
closed up the bar and headed back to Stefan.  "So, what services do you
have in mind for tonight?" Dan asked.  "Oh I think you know what we're all
in need of." Stefan shot back as he began to undress.  Dan checked the
security cameras to make sure they were off and then began to take his
clothes off as well.  Dan came around the corner of the bar and leaned down
to give Stefan a kiss.  While they were kissing, Stefan reached down to
feel Dan's cock.  His cock was incredible, hard as a rock, and even harder
to describe.  It's length, width, all was perfect.  They got up and headed
over to the three men, hard throbbing cocks leading the way.  "Gentlemen, I
think it's time to party." Dan announced as they approached the pool table.
The three men looked up and gasped as they saw Dan and Stefan standing
there, hard cocks in their hands, the first sign of pre-cum beginning to
form at their piss slits.  Moose and Sanchez laid this pool sticks down and
wasted no time at all in getting undressed.  LTC Mann wasn't far behind
them and since he'd already been lost in his own fantasy, his cock was
oozing honey by the buckets, a noticeable wet spot appearing in the crotch
of his jeans.  Dan walked over to LTC Mann and they began kissing, hands
roaming all over each other's bodies.  Stefan approached Moose and Sanchez,
squatted down in front of them and began licking and sucking their cocks.
Sighs, coo's, and appreciate moans were the only sound that was being made
in the bar at that moment.  "Yeah, suck my cock, suck it good bitch boy."
Moose purred.  While Stefan worked on Moose's cock, Sanchez moved behind
Moose and started working on his ass.  Moose glanced over to see LTC Mann
on his knees, worshipping Dan's hard cock.  Dan's eyes were closed, his
head thrown back and both hands were busy twisting and pulling on his
nipples.

At some point, the four men had become one massive ball of flesh.
Writhing, moaning, sighing, mouths on cocks, tongues eating asses, it was
hard to discern who was doing what to whom.  Moose reached his point of no
return and began bucking his hips as he dumped a fresh load of cum down the
throat of the person who was sucking on him.  His cock remained hard, he
was lost in this orgy of male to male sex and wasn't about ready to end it.
LTC Mann was the next one to lose his load as the cock he was sucking on
bucked and started firing shots of cum down his throat.  Somone had their
fingers buried in LTC Mann's ass and as his own cock started pumping it's
load, the fingers fucked him faster as his ass clamped around them.  He too
was too lost in this orgy to stop and as he came down off his orgasm, his
cock remained hard.  Two more groans were heard from the four men as they
too lost their loads.  LTC Mann felt someone's cock head poking at his ass,
he turned to see it was Dan, cum dripping off his chest.  LTC Mann moaned
and bucked as Dan slid his hard cock up his ass.  LTC Mann heard Dan grunt,
turned back to see Sanchez was sinking his cock into Dan's tight ass.  "So
much for not getting fucked." LTc Mann thought to himself as Dan's facial
expressions turned from pain to that of pure bliss.  LTC Mann's own sense
of pure erotic bliss returned as he felt Dan start to move his cock in and
out of his ass.  He closed his eyes and just reveled in the feeling of
having a beautiful cock sliding in and out of his ass, the head of the dick
rubbing against his cum nut on each thrust.  LTC Mann heard Sanchez grunt
and moan and turned his head to see that Stefan was sinking his hard cock
into Sanchez' tight ass.  "Oh God," LTC Mann thought, "We're getting into a
daisy fuck chain.  Fuck this is hot." he continued to think.  He was
getting close to shooting another load and didn't want to cum just yet.
Turning his head again, LTC Mann groaned as he watched Moose sinking his
cock into Stefan's ass.  The group had stopped fucking and remained
motionless while Moose planted his fuck stick into Stefan's ass.  Stefan
groaned and flexed his ass muscles around Moose's cock, this caused Moose
to groan and the two began to awkwardly kiss, tongues shooting out of their
mouths, fighting with one another.  LTC Mann lost it, he groaned and panted
as his cock started firing volleys of cum again.  Each shot landing on the
carpeted floor of the bar.  Slowly each man began pumping, finding the
rhythm that would be needed to keep this daisy fuck chain going.  They soon
found it and as each man felt both their cock being pulled in by a tight
ass as well as a cock in their own asses, their moans and thrusts took on a
frenzied and fevered rush.  Each man was close to losing their loads, none
of them had ever experienced this.  This was also the first cock Dan had
experienced in his own ass and he loved it.  It felt so good having his
cock buried in LTC Mann's ass while Sanchez was fucking his ass.  Dan's
orgasm hit him fast and hard, he shoved his cock into LTC Mann's ass and
started emptying his load in LTC Mann's well fucked hole.  LTC Mann was
using his ass muscles to milk the cum out of Dan's cock, his own cock
firing another volley of cum as he did.  Dan's orgasm triggered everyone
elses, and as if on cue, each man began to dump a load in the man's ass
they were fucking.  The smell of cum and freshly fucked ass permeated the
air, causing the four men to further heat up. Stefan was the first to
disengage, his cock still rock hard, cum and ass juice dripping off of it
and he made his way to the closest table.  Laying on his back, he motioned
for the other men to join him.  Each man got up from the floor and walked
over, stroking their still hard cocks.  "I want you all to fucking cum on
me.  Fucking coat me in your sweet cum!" Stefan panted as he stroked his
cock for all it was worth. The three men gathered around Stefan, each
standing side by side, stroking their hard wet cocks.  Dan shot his load
first, coating Stefan's chest and tits with his cum.  Sanchez screamed he
was cumming and his dick started firing, cum landing on Stefan's face and
lips, Stefan's tongue rapidly cleaning off as much as he could.  Moose and
LTC Mann yelled at the same time and they too began shooting their loads,
coating Stefan's belly and cock in their cum.  Stefan used his free hand to
scoop up everyone's cum and started feeding himself.  His legs bucked, his
back arched and he too screamed as his cock started shooting a hefty load.
Dan, Moose, Sanchez and LTC Mann all leaned down and started cleaning up
the cum off of Stefan.  Occasionally exchanging deep kisses with Stefan as
well as each other.

Satiated, the four men came down off their orgasmic high and began to get
dressed.  "That was fucking beautiful men, fucking beautiful!" LTC Mann
stated.  "Yeah, and Sanchez, you and only you, can fuck my ass anytime!
God your cock felt good!" Dan stated.  Once dressed, they helped Dan clean
the place up, restock the liquor and close up for the night.  "Thanks men,
see you bright and early!" LTC Mann said as he left the bar.  Sanchez,
Moose and Stefan each exchanged another kiss with Dan, offered their
goodnights and also left.  Dan finished up the task of getting the bar
ready for the next night and he then locked up and headed for home.  As
Stefan, Moose and Sanchez got on the elevator, Stefan asked, "So, what do
you think about our mission?"  Moose and Sanchez just shrugged their
shoulders and reminded Stefan that this was not the place to discuss it.
They reached their respective floors and headed for their rooms.  Tomorrow
would come early enough.  Stefan smiled to himself as he climbed into bed.
"I wonder what the other men in the team will think of this?" Stefan
thought as he reached for his hardening cock and started to stroke himself
to another and final orgasm for the night.  He shot, thinking about the
three men standing around him, their cocks shooting their cum all over his
chest.

More to cum.......  Thanks again for the feedback!

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2008 09:24:33 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News Chapter 6

This is a work of fiction.  The characters in this story live in a world
free of disease.  The use of condoms is not portrayed; the real world is
different, practice safe sex, use a condom.


LTC Mann leaned back against the shower wall.  His wilting cock still in
his hand, dildo firmly planted in his ass.  His left hand rubbed his hard
nipple as he watched his freshly shot load run down the shower wall and
onto the shower floor to be swept away down the drain.  "Oh man that felt
fucking good." LTC Mann thought to himself.  He enjoyed a hard cock in his
ass every now and then but had ran across dry times as of late.  It seemed
the few men he'd gotten together with, automatically turned bottom, even if
he had them pegged as a solid top.  His hole was still quivering when he
eased himself off the dildo.  His cock flexed a couple of times and started
to harden again.  "Settle down old man, you have a meeting to get to." he
said to himself as he finished showering.

Once dressed, he made his way to the training room.  It was a Saturday and
normally training was not conducted on weekends, however the phone call the
night before changed all of that.  He was appointed Commander for an
undercover intelligence gathering operation in Columbia.  He was to hand
pick his team and head out on Monday.  He was also instructed that he was
to take the best student with him.  LTC Mann gave the names of the crew
he'd be taken with him along with Stefan.  Of the Marines that were already
there, LTC Mann selected Gunny Sanchez and Moose.  He had called all three
of them around midnight and told them to meet him at 0800 at the secure
training room.

LTC Mann arrived a few minutes early to unlock the classroom and within a
few minutes the other three arrived as well.  "What's up sir?" Gunny
Sanchez had asked.  "Yeah, why the early call?" Moose added.  Stefan just
sat in his chair, staring at LTC Mann.  LTC Mann glanced over in Stefan's
direction and interpreted the stare on his face to read, "Fuck you
asshole." when in reality Stefan was frothing at the bit the get this man
in bed again and feel his hard cock piston it's way in and out of his ass.
LTC Mann began to brief the men that there was a mission change and that
they were to go on an intelligence gathering mission in Columbia.  The drug
cartel was beginning to deal with terrorists and the U.S. Government feared
there would be another attack on US soil.  The U.S. had monitored the drug
cartels in Columbia for years and since they were unable to get involved,
their presence was always tolerated.  LTC Mann continued to explain that he
had hand selected the team and that they would fly out Monday morning and
join up with the rest of the team at Camp Pendleton.  "Who's on the crew
with us?" Gunny asked.  "Staff Sergeant Marcus Williams, Lance Corporal Red
Franklin and Lance Corporal Richard Wise," LTC Mann replied.  Gunny Sanchez
smiled to himself as he thought about these men.  He had served with them
prior to being reassigned to D.C. and all three were sharp marines.
Williams was a tall black tough son of a bitch, Frankling and Wise were the
best when it came to being able to blend in with the crowd.  They were also
the best of the best with a sniper rifle as well as explosives.  All three
of these men could kick serious ass, party seriously and fuck like there
was no tomorrow.  Sanchez and Moose both exchanged a knowing glance and nod
with one another over the prospect of their new team.  LTC Mann observed
the exchange of looks from Moose and Sanchez, his cock flexed once again in
his jeans as he thought about the crew and what he hoped would be a
successful and erotic mission.

"That's all I have for now, I need to see Stefan for a few minutes, the
rest of you are dismissed.  We'll meet at 0700, Monday at Reagan Int'l.
See you then men and have a great weekend." LTC Mann said as he dismissed
everyone. He followed the other two to the door of the classroom, admiring
their tight asses in their jeans, closed and locked the door behind them.
He turned and walked back to Stefan.  Stefan stayed seated and LTC Mann
walked up to him, looking down at Stefan he started to say, "I'm..." but
was quickly cut off went Stefan reached up, yanked open his jeans and
yanked them to his knees in one fell swoop.  LTC Mann's cock responded
immediately and shot up, tenting his boxer briefs.  Stefan looked up at as
he began to chew on the LTC's hard cock through his underwear.  LTC Mann
could only groan his appreciation as Stefan worked over his cock, soaking
the front of his underwear with his spit, the LTC's cock juice adding to
the wetness.  Stefan yanked the underwear down and dove on LTC Mann's cock,
deep throating his hard leaking cock in one gulp.  LTC Mann drew in his
breath, closed his eyes and began to pull his polo shirt off.  Stefan
proceeded to suck his cock as though it had been years since he'd lasted
tasted a cock, especially one a delicious as LTC Mann's was.  He savored
the clean fresh scent of his crotch and the taste of LTC Mann's pre-cum as
it began to pour out of the cock slit.  Without saying a word, Stefan spit
out his cock, stood up, spun LTC Mann around and bent him over the desk in
front of him.  Leaning over LTC Mann, Stefan whispered into his ear, "I'm
going to fucking eat your hole until you're begging me to shove my cock in
and then I'm going to ram my cock right up your shit chute and fuck you
until you scream for me to stop!"  LTC Mann moaned and his hole twitched
and quivered at the thought of having a hard cock in it.  Stefan quickly
stripped out of his clothes and LTC Mann did the same.  Both naked, hard
and leaking, Stefan faced LTC Mann, shoved his tongue down his mouth and
began kissing him violently.  LTC Mann trembled as Stefan exerted a sense
of domination he didn't know he possessed.  "Before I fucking eat your ass
though you need to get on my cock and get me good and wet." Stefan barked
at LTC Mann, shoving him to his knees and feeding the overheated LTC his
hard cock.  He held his dick away from LTC Mann's opened mouth, "You want
this?  Huh?  You want my fucking cock down your throat?" Stefan shouted.
"Fuck yeah, I want your hard cock down my throat and up my ass, I want to
feel you pump your fucking hot cum in my ass!" LTC Mann shouted back.
Stefan took his dick and slapped it against LTC Mann's cheeks, smearing
pre-cum all over his cheeks as he did.  LTC Mann's left hand was firmly
wrapped around his own cock, stroking it wildly, with his right hand, he
grabbed Stefan's cock and plunged his mouth down on it, taking it to the
base.  He let his throat muscles do the work on Stefan's cock, flexing,
squeezing, causing the young man to groan and buck his hips.  "Fucking eat
my cock bitch, fucking eat it!" Stefan yelled.  LTC Mann moaned as he
continued to let Stefan fuck his throat with his cock.  LTC Mann pulled off
of Stefan's cock, "Fuck, I'm going to shoot!" He panted.  LTC Mann stood
up, aimed his cock at Stefan's own dick and started firing volley after
volley of cum, coating Stefan's cock with his own load.

Stefan grabbed LTC Mann, spun him around and bent him back over the desk.
LTC Mann's cock stayed rock hard and he continued to stroke it as he waited
for Stefan to abuse his ass.  Stefan grabbed the cheeks of LTC Mann's ass,
pulled them apart and stared down at the pink hole that was poking out from
underneath the black fur that covered his ass.  Stefan squatted down and
notice the ass lips were puffy and swollen.  "Looks like someone has
already been in your back yard today." Stefan hissed.  "No, no one has been
in there, I fucked myself on my dildo this morning in the shower.  Please,
fucking eat my ass, fucking shove your dick up my ass and fuck me hard!"
LTC Mann panted and moaned.  Stefan dove into the man's ass, chewing,
licking, shoving his tongue up the man's abused ass as far as he could.
LTC Mann moaned and bucked on Stefan's face, panting.  Stefan felt LTC
Mann's ass lips begin to tighten and flex around his tongue and he knew the
LTC was letting go of another load.  Stefan stood up, and took his cum
covered cock and poised it at the entrance of LTC Mann's ass.  "Get ready
bitch, here it comes!" and in one swift motion shoved his cock in to the
hilt.  LTC Mann screamed out in ectasy, there was no pain, just pure bliss
as he felt Stefan's cock enter him and shove past his prostrate.  Another
round of cum shot out of LTC Mann's cock as Stefan began to plow the man's
ass.  "Oh your fucking ass is tight, you got a tight man pussy here.  My
cock loves it inside your ass.  C'mon, fucking ride my cock, show me how
much you like my cock up your tight ass!" Stefan panted.  LTC Mann began to
buck back on Stefan's cock, riding it, timing his thrusts to Stefan's so
that they'd both gain maximum pleasure from the fuck.  Stefan fucked the
man hard, then turned him over on his back, he wanted to see LTC Mann's
face as he threw the last of his fuck into the man.  LTC Mann's eyes were
glazed, his mouth open, panting, he rolled his head from side to side.  His
had flew over his cock as Stefan began to power fuck him.  "Oh fuck, fuck,
fuck, yeah, fucking slam my ass with your cock!" LTC Mann begged.  Stefan
began to feel his load build, it started deep in his nuts as they drew up
and the head of his cock began to tingle.  "Oh fuck, won't be long old man,
won't be long now until I'm shooting my load so fucking deep in your ass
you'll be blowing my cum out of your nose for a week!" Stefan shouted as
his hips began to shake.  LTC Mann's eyes flew open wide as his own orgasm
hit him.  His cock started shooting it's load, however because he'd already
shot three, his cum just dribbled out of the tip.  To LTC Mann though, this
was one of the strongest orgasms he'd ever had.  He screamed and bucked as
wave after wave of his orgasm overtook him.  Seeing this man in the
ultimate throws of ectasy was too much for Stefan and he slammed into the
man one last time, dumping his own load up LTC Mann's well fucked ass.  He
fell forward on top of the man, their lips meeting, their mouths fighting
with one another.  LTC Mann took his cum covered hand and fed his load to
Stefan.  Stefan's shriveling cock plopped out of LTC Mann's hole, LTC Mann
gasped and his dick throbbed again, another trickle of cum running out
between both men's stomachs.

Stefan laid on top of the LTC until their breathing returned to normal.
Stefan looked into LTC Mann's eyes, smiled, and said, "Where on Earth did
you learn to ride cock like that?"  LTC Mann smiled and said, "Oh that's
just one of those things you learn in Officer Basic."  They both laughed,
kissed once more and then began to get dressed.  Once they were dressed,
LTC Mann turned to Stefan and asked, "So, I take it you understand about
our situation.  With my wife and such?"  "I'm cool," Stefan said.  "We need
to go." LTC Mann said as they made their way towards the door.  LTC Mann
opened the door and noticed a big puddle of cum on the floor in front of
the door.  He turned to Stefan, motioned for Stefan to take a look and
said, "Well, looks like Gunny and Moose hung around for the show."  "What
makes you think it was them?" Stefan asked, "Doesn't the cleaning crew come
in on Saturday?"  He no sooner said that when the weekend janitor turned
the corner, whistling to himself, he just smiled as he passed the two men.
"Hmmm...did ya notice the cum on his work boots?" Stefan asked as he winked
to LTC Mann.  Both men just laughed and headed to their separate apartments
to get ready for the trip.

Stay tuned as the mission continues.....  Thanks for all of the feed back!
I appreciate all of the great comments, keep them cumming!

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Fri, 8 Feb 2008 09:41:27 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 5

This is a work of fiction.  The characters in this story live in a world
free of diesease so the use of condoms is not portrayed.  The real world is
not like that.  Practice safe sex, use a condom.

It was around eight thirty in the evening before I made my way down to the
bar.  I was ravenous and as I walked into the bar noticed it was pretty
empty for a Friday night.  I took a seat at the bar and waited for the
bartender to take my order.  While I was waiting I noticed that Moose was
already here, at the pool table alone.  Dan, the bartender, came over and
took my order.  I had gotten to know Dan during my stay here.  He always
seemed to be aloof yet completely aware of what was transpiring around him.
He reminded me of a daddy type leather porn star.  Salt and Pepper hair,
with moustache and goatee to match, firm body yet not overdone.  I could
easily picture him in leather chaps and jock strap, ordering some cock slut
to get his boots clean and then spit shine the nob of his cock.  Moose came
over and sat down next to me.  "Glad you could make it!" He said.  "It's
pretty quiet here tonight, where's the rest of the gang?" I asked.  "Oh
they went out to do the town, I really didn't feel like it so thought I'd
hang out here and shoot some pool.  You play pool?" Moose asked.  "No,
never learned." I responded back.  About that time my burger and fries and
beer arrived.  I wolfed the food down and while I was eating, Moose ordered
a pitcher for the two of us.  Once done, Moose invited me back to the pool
table and offered to teach me the game.

I must say, I wasn't a quick study, especially with the angle shots.  But I
did manage to eek out a couple of wins during our practice games. "Feel
like you're up to playing for keeps?" Moose asked as he chalked his pool
cue.  "Sure, why not." I replied, "But I think we need another pitcher of
beer." I continued.  I grabbed the empty pitcher, walked over to the bar
and waited for Dan to pour another pitcher.  I went back to Moose, set the
beer down and excused myself as I needed to take a piss.  I walked into the
rest room and noticed two urinals, no dividing walls.  I laughed to myself
as I remembered the scene with LTC Mann and the urinals.  I had just
started to let my piss go when Moose came in and took his place at the next
urinal.  I heard the fly of his jeans unzip and the splash of his piss hit
the urinal.  Moose towered above me so he could easily look down and see
what I was sporting, and of course he did.  I heard him quit pissing and
saw him step back a little as he shook the last drops of piss from his dick
and stuffed it back into his jeans.  I managed to catch a glimpse of his
cock before he shoved it back in his jeans but since it was so fast,
couldn't make out any details.  I finished my piss, buttoned myself back
up, flushed and we both headed back to the pool table.  The bar was now
empty except for the two of us and Dan.  We shot a few more practice games
and as I was racking up for our first real game, Dan announced last call.
I looked over at the clock on the wall and it read 12:30.  Moose walked
over to the bar and came back with two more pitchers of beer.  "We can't
drink that before he closes, he locks things up at 1:00." I said.  "Relax,
I got it covered, he'll stay open longer for a private party." Moose
replied as he took his first shot to break.

We continued to play, our game of pool and who was in the lead constantly
changing.  I have to admit that for a novice, I was doing very well at
keeping Moose on his toes.  Closing time rolled around and I saw Dan walk
over, close and lock the doors and draw the blinds shut.  We now had the
place to ourselves as Dan began to take inventory of the liquor and clean
what few glasses there were.  The final shot came down to Moose or I, one
of us was going to either knock the 8 ball in or miss, either way a win was
in store.  It was my turn and I took my time.  The 8 ball was in an awkward
place on the table and it would take a bank shot to knock it in.  I called
out the shot, and let go with my cue. The shot was perfect, the aim, angle,
all right on.  Except for the speed, I hadn't hit the cue ball hard enough.
I watched as it banked, knocked into the 8 ball and the 8 ball slowly made
it's way towards the left corner pocket.  It came to rest right on the
edge.  I groaned and Moose let out a yelp and slapped me on the back.
"That was a great game kid!  You catch on well." he said, chuckling.  Dan
brought us another pitcher of beer and three fresh mugs, one for himself as
well.  Technically he was off the clock, legally though he was hosting a
private party.  This way he could continue to serve as long we were willing
to drink.  At some point, Dan had changed his clothes and was now wearing
jeans and a tank top.  The tank top showed off his firm body as well as his
salt and pepper chest hair.

Dan asked if he could join us to which we agreed.  Since I lost, I racked
and the first game would be between Dan and Moose.  "Let' say we raise the
stakes," Dan said, winking at Moose.  Catching on, Moose cleared his throat
and said, "How about strip pool?"  Both Dan and Moose looked in my
direction for some sort of reaction.  I was beginning to catch a buzz from
the beer so my inhibitions were lowering, plus, having gotten to know Moose
a little better over the course of the evening I came to realize that
beneath his gruff outwardly appearance, he was really a big teddy bear in
side.  "Fine by me!" I shouted.  "Shoes and socks don't count though, so
take 'em off before we start." I added.  We all three removed our shoes and
our socks.  Dan won the coin toss for the break.  He sunk three balls in,
all three solids, on the break but scratched on his second shot.  Moose was
already starting out behind as he took his shot.  He managed to get two of
his stripes in before missing completely on his third shot.  The game
continued like this, a frantic tug of war as each man raced for first
place.  The final shot came down to Dan, Moose still had one ball left on
the table and it should be an easy shot for Dan to make.  He took aim and
let go with his cue and sure enough, the 8 ball glided to it's marked
destination and dropped.  Dan had won the first game and Moose removed his
shirt as the first article of clothing.

It was now my turn and I had to say I was a little nervous going up against
Dan.  Moose racked the balls and since Dan won, took the first shot.  While
Dan was preparing to break, Moose went over to the bar and brought us back
shots of Tequila.  We toasted to brothers and downed the Tequila.  The
warmth of the liquor spread out across the pit of my stomach and seemed to
make it's way straight towards my cock.  I could feel the familiar tingling
in the head of my dick as the Tequila continued to course through my
system.  We took a quick piss break and then Dan continued to make the
break.  Luckily he left the table wide open for me as he didn't knock
anything in.  I stepped up, decided on solids, and managed to knock three
in before scracthing on the fourth.  We got down to the final round of the
game which Dan lost when he scratched on the 8 ball.  Off came his shirt,
and here came Moose with another round of Tequila shots.

We continued the game until finally, Moose and I were down to our underwear
and Dan was naked. I had left the table to pour us another pitcher of beer
and bring back more shots.  I had delivered the beer and was coming back
with the shots when I looked up.  Dan was standing at Moose's side and
sucked in one of Moose's hard nipples.  I could hear Moose softly moaning
as he caressed the back of Dan's head.  Moose's cock was hard and tenting
his underwear.  I set the shots down and walked over to the action.  Dan's
cock was rock hard and drooling and a wet spot was beginning to form in
Moose's undwear.  I squatted down in front of Moose and pulled his cock out
of his underwear.  His cock was not very long, about six inches maybe but
it was thick and clear juice was beginning to run out of this piss slit.  I
guided his cock to my mouth while I reached over and grabbed Dan's hard
cock and started stroking.  Both men groaned their appreciation as Dan
moved to Moose's other nipple.  I pulled off of Moose's cock and began to
devour Dan's, I was able to reach behind both men and started running my
hands over both of their asses.  I worked on Dan's cock for awhile then
pulled them both so that they were close enough to one another that I could
work on both of their cocks at the same time.  Both men were twisting and
pulling on each others nipples while I sucked on their cocks at the same
time.  The contrast of size and thicknes and taste was sending my senses
reeling and I was heating up more so than normal.  I reach into my own
pants and pulled out my hard and dripping cock and started to slowly stroke
myself.  Both men pulled their cocks out of my mouth and reach down to pick
me up.  Grabbing me they carried me over to and laid me down on one of the
tables in the bar.  Moose straddeled my head and lowered his ass to my
mouth while Dan sucked in my cock and started working me over with his
mouth.  My tongue darted out and found Moose's sweet hole.  He moaned as he
stroked his cock and rocked his hips, his hole gliding over my wet tongue.
We remained in this position for a few moments, the heat in the room
increasing with our burning lust.  All three of us moaning and the sound of
cock sucking and slurping ass reverberating throughout the bar.  Dan spit
out my cock and Moose moved so that he was now on top of me, straddling my
cock, the head of my hard dick poised at his sweet hole.  I couldn't
believe that this huge muscular man was going to take my cock up his ass, I
just naturally figured, given his size and strength, that him getting
fucked in the ass was out of the question.  Moose slid his ass down the
length of my cock and then leaned forward.  I could feel the head of Dan's
cock at the base of my own cock and began to realize that Moose was about
to get double fucked. I heard Moose grunt as Dan slowly entered his ass.  I
could feel the underside of Dan's cock sliding past on my own cock as he
slowly entered Moose, letting him get used to having two cocks in his ass
at the same time.  Moose and I remained motionless until Dan's cock was
fully seated in Moose's ass.  Moose had his face to my ear and I could hear
him panting and whimpering.  I could feel his cock flexing and jerking, his
clear juice running out of the tip of his cock and flowing onto my stomach.
Moose was already trembling, as though he was on the verge of shooting, his
eyes closed as he reveled in the feeling of two hard cocks inside him.  Dan
slowly began thrusting, and both Moose and I groaned, The head of my cock
was bumping agains't Moose's prostrate, the pressure of having two dicks in
his ass was pushing hard on his prostrate.  The feeling of being in a tight
warm ass while another cock slid over yours washed over me and my own legs
began to tremble.  "It's not going to take long." Moose said.  Dan and I
both panted and moaned in response as Dan increased his speed.  I remained
motionless, lost in the feeling of it all.  Moose's panting grew harder, he
was close.  I could feel my own balls disappear inside and felt that
familiar tingling that signaled the approach of orgasm.  Moose shouted, "Oh
fuck, oh fuck, I'm fucking cumming." His hips quivered as I felt the first
shots of cum pour out of his cock.  Dan slammed into Moose and I could feel
his balls slap against mine.  This sent me over the edge and while Moose
was still firing cum out of his cock, I started shooting my load into
Moose's ass.  Dan shouted, "Fuck that's hot, I can feel your cum shooting
on my cock.  I'm going to shoot, fuck I'm going to shoot!".  Dan slammed
into Moose's ass one last time, grunted, and let loose with his own load.
I could feel Dan's cum covering my cock inside Moose's ass, the sensation
of already feeling one load in ass followed by another sent Moose into
another orgasm.  Moose bucked and cursed, his hips moving, causing both of
our withering dicks to slide out, the two loads we had just shot into
Moose's ass streamed out and over both of our dicks.  Moose reared up, his
cock firing round after round of cum.  I grabbed his dick while he was
shooting and started stroking him, helping him get to his final orgasm.

Moose's orgasm was over, he was panting, his massive chest heaving, covered
in sweat and cum from his first load.  Dan was busy licking up the cum that
had poured out of Moose's ass and cleaning it off my cock and balls.  Moose
leaned over me, offering his chest to me and I cleaned off the cum and
sweat from his massive pecs and hard nipples.  I heard Moose moan and grunt
again and realized that Dan was fucking his ass again.  I couldn't believe
he'd gotten hard again so fast.  I moved around so that Moose and I were in
a 69, Moose's cock was hard as a rock again also and I realized that mine
was as well.  Moose and I began to devour each other hard cocks as I
watched Dan plow his ass again.  It wasn't long before I felt Moose
shooting his load down the back of my throat.  I heard Dan groan and
watching him pull his dick out of Moose's ass.  He stroked it twice, aimed
his dick at Moose's hole and emptied his load on Moose's stretched hole.  I
thrust one last time and started shooting my load down Moose's throat and
while he was swallowing my load, I pulled his hips forward and started
cleaning Dan's load off his hole.  Satiated, we each laid there, Moose over
me, Dan on Moose's back, panting, enjoying what we had just experienced.

After we had calmed down, Dan and Moose got up and started to get dressed.
"C'mon pool shark, we need to let Dan get out of here and we need to catch
some sleep." Moose said.  I too got up and started putting my own clothes
back on.  After we got dressed, we said our thanks and goodbyes to Dan and
headed to the elevator.  The doors opened on the 30th floor and we both got
off, Moose following me.  "Isn't your room in the opposite direction?" I
asked.  "Yeah, but I thought I'd crash with you, besides I still have a
treat to give you." Moose said, slapping me on the ass.  "I don't believe
you, you just fucking shot what, three loads?  And you're ready for more?"
I asked.  We had reached the door to my apartment, I unlocked it, opened
the door and Moose pushed me in, shutting the door quickly behind him and
locking it.  We embraced and Moose's tongue found it's way down my throat.
After a very quick and rough kiss, he pulled off, pushed me down to my
knees and growled.

"Fucking Marines, you're all a bunch of horn dogs." I said as I reached out
to unzip his jeans........

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Fri, 8 Feb 2008 08:01:05 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter 4

This is a work of fiction.  In this story the characters live in a disease
free world and the use of condoms is not portrayed.  Reality is different,
practice safe sex, wear a condom.

I reach out for Gunny Sanchez' hard cock as he approaches my bed.  I begin
stroking it back and forth, marveling at how the foreskin slides up and
over the head of his cock.  While I'm stroking his cock, he leans forward
and begins to lick the pools of cum off my stomach and chest.  He flicks
his tongue over one of my nipples and my cock quickly responds.  Satisfied
that he's cleaned up all of my cum, Gunny Sanchez climbs on the bed,
throwing his legs over my head.  We are now in a perfect 69 position as he
begins to lick my cock.  I'm still slowly stroking his, I pull his hips
down and suck both his egg sized balls into my mouth.  Sanchez lets out a
long groan.  I work on his balls until they begin to tighten and draw up in
their sack.  Sanchez has now spit my cock out and is panting while he
slowly strokes my cock.  I spit his balls out and proceed to start licking
back towards his beautiful hole.  My tongue finds his pucker and I begin to
lick at the lips of his manpussy.  Sanchez' cock flexes and I am rewarded
with a steady stream of cock juice.  Sanchez begins bucking his hips,
causing his hole to slide up and down on my tongue.  I reach up and grab
his beautiful ass cheeks to steady him as I slowly insert the tip of my
tongue into his ass.  I begin to tongue fuck his hole as he sucks my cock
back in and begins chowing down on it, sucking and licking as though he is
a starving man and this is the last taste of meat he will get.  I stop
tongue fucking him and start fingering his hole.  The middle finger of my
left hand slides in easily, it's tight and warm and moist inside his man
pussy.  My cock, still buried in Sanchez' mouth, flexes again and he is
rewarded with a stream of my cock juice.  Sanchez is grinding his hips on
my finger, begging me to shove my cock up his ass and fuck him.  I insert
another finger and continue to fuck Sanchez.  Sanchez goes wild on my
fingers, panting, bucking, he stops sucking my cock and looking back over
his shoulder begs me to please fuck him, he wants my cock in his ass so
bad.

I remove my fingers and Sanchez spins around and slams his hips down on my
cock, taking me in one fell swoop.  A look of pure ectasy washes over his
face as he sits there, enjoying the hardness and thickness of my cock up
his tight ass.  His own cock is so hard that it looks as though it will
break into pieces at any moment.  His foreskin is shucked over the head of
his dick and forms a pucker of skin where his piss slit would be.  Clear
juice is streaming out of the puckered skin and running down over his cock
and onto my stomach.  Sanchez leans foward our mouths seeking the others
out until our lips meet.  We begin to kiss, our tongues seeking the other
out, fighting with the other.  Sanchez is groaning and moaning as we kiss
and he begins to slowly ride my cock.  He rises up, almost to the point
where the head of my cock is going to pop out and then slowly sinks back
down on my hard cock.  I'm in ectasy and torture at the same time, his ass
is so tight and feels so good around my cock but it's agony that he's
riding me so slowly.  I want to fuck him, I want to slam my cock into his
tight hispanic ass.  He removes his mouth from mine and sits back up, eyes
closed, he begins to twist his own nipples, while he speeds up his riding
on my cock.  Just as he did in my fantasy he begins to say things to me in
Spanish.  Words I have no idea what their meaning is but as I look at this
face and I see his expressions I have an idea as to what he is saying.
Sanchez leans forward again, grabs my shoulders and we roll over, my cock
still buried in his ass, I'm now on top of him and he has managed to lock
his legs around my neck.  I start slamming my hips into him, ramming my
cock into his tight ass.  We're both moaning and groaning and shouting
obsenities at each other.  Sanchez has grabben my ass and is literally
pulling me into him, this makes me slam into him even harder.  He's begging
me to fuck him hard and furious, to abuse his fucking hole.  Our orgasms
hit at the same time.  His cock begins firing spraying his stomach and
chest with his pent up load. I slam into his ass one last time as my cock
starts shooting again, coating his insides with my load.  I collapse onto
his chest, we're both covered in sweat, panting like crazy and I feel the
warmth of his cum against my own skin.  I look into his eyes and I notice
that he's shot cum onto his chin, I lean down and begin licking his cum off
his chin.  It tastes salty and a little bitter, our lips meet again and
this time the kiss is more passionate.  He rolls us over again, my now
flaccid cock slips out of his tight hole and with some of my cum, I feel it
run down my balls, finding it's way into the crack of my own ass.  "That
was excellent amigo, but it's time for me to go.  You will fit in with my
crew well." Gunny Sanchez says as he gets off the bed and begins to get
dressed, not bothering the wipe the cum off his chest and stomach.  I lay
there, watching him put his clothes back on.  Once dressed, he turns, bids
me an adios and he's gone.  I get up and hop into the shower, anxious for
the next couple of weeks to go by.

The day had finally arrived, the reamining students (all five of us) were
to meet the Marines that we would be spending the remainder of our time
with.  We were each taken to different conference rooms where our
introductions were made.  The squad I was assigned to had eight men in it.
Gunny Sanchez was the squad leader, followed by Moose, the machine gunner,
Tony, the communications guru and other masters of dark delight (as I would
eventually find out), Rigdon, who operated several other weapons that I
would soon learn what they were used for and two gangly looking men they
called the Twins, or as Moose called them, Thing 1 and Thing 2.  No one
said what these two men did and I didn't ask, I figured I'd find out
eventually.  My assignment with this team was simple, I was to record, both
in writing and in photos, their mission.  "That's it?" I thought.  "Surely
there had to be more to this than just that."  I was creating, for lack of
a better word, a documentary on this unit, a unit who's mission was also
not made clear to me.  I would eat, breathe, sleep, shower, everything with
these men for the next 18 months.  Gunny explained that this would be our
last weekend in D.C., so I best make the best of it.  Monday morning we
would ship out for Camp Lejume.  I would spend six weeks with them there
where they would train me in the use of weapons, hand to hand combat, etc.
I wasn't too sure I liked the sound of this, I wasn't the one in the Marine
Corps.  Gunny must have seen the look of concern on my face as he quietly
told me that he would explain more as we went along and that it was
important that I was also in peak physical fitness.

Gunny ended our meeting and we were dismissed for the weekend.  I was
heading to the bank of elevators and realized I was being followed by my
newly acquired squad.  "Relax mate," Moose said, "we're staying here too
for the weekend."  I smiled, weakly.  As we got on the elevator, I began to
study the giant they called Moose.  Moose stood at least six foot seven and
had to be around 250 pounds of solid muscle.  I was standing behind him,
gazing at his massive arms and back, wondering what he must be like in bed
and if he was this huge, was his cock proportionaly sized as well?  I could
feel my own cock begin to stir in my jeans.  His fatigue pants were loose
so I couldn't make out what his legs looked like or his ass.  "Like what
you see?" Moose growled at me.  I jumped and then realized that there was a
mirrored panel above the elevator door.  This gave Moose a perfect view of
who was behind him and I obviously had just gotten caught checking him out.
"Oh shit, I'm going to get pounded for this." I thought.  I looked up, red
with embarrassment and managed to spit out, "Um, sorry, was just in deep
thought."  "Um hmm...deep thought about my ass." he snorted back.  It
seemed like it was taking forever to get their floor, I looked over at the
control panel and just about fainted, they were staying on the same floor
as me.  The elevator finally came to a stop, the doors opened and they all
got off.  "Shit, I forgt something in the van, I'll be right back." Moose
said as he stepped back into the elevator.  I hadn't gotten the chance to
get off yet and as I stepped towards the door, his arm shot out, holding me
back.  The doors shut and I suddenly realized that I was alone in this
elevator with a man that had just caught me checking him out and could very
easily break me in half.

Moose hit the button for the top floor and the elevator car jerked up.  I
had unknowingly backed myself into the furthest corner.  Moose just glared
at me, I noticed he had a cheek full of chew.  I gazed back at him, my eyes
taking in his facial features.  He had full eyelashes, black, aqua green
eyes that seemed to pierce right into the very soul of your being, full
lips, square jaws, cleft chin.  He had removed his fatigue blouse while we
were in the conference room.  I drank in the sight of his massive chest and
biceps.  His nipples were hard and jutted out throught the T-Shirt he wore.
My mouth watered, my pulse increased and there was no way I was going to be
able to hide the full blown boner I had popped.  The elevator car came to
jolting stop and the door opened.  Moose grabbed my arm and pulled me out
of the elevator car.  We were on a floor of the hotel that appeared to be
unfinished as he led me to the stairwell.  We climbed two flights of stairs
and Moose, kicking the door open, shoved me through the entrance.  We were
on the roof of the apartment building, panic set in.  "Wh-what are you
going to do to me Moose?" I asked.  No reply came back as he led me over to
an area of the roof that contained the back of heating and cooling units.
We snaked our way through them until we came to an area that was where the
control boxes and circuit breakers were.  We were surrounded by the units,
so privacy was not an issue.

"Since you seem to be so fascinated with me, I thought I'd show you what
you got in store for you bitch!" Moose growled, grabbing his T-Shirt and
removing it in one motion.  I thought I was going to cum right there,
Moose's pecs were beautifully sculpted, his dime sized nipples were hard,
his abs were ripped and firm.  I drooled as he stood there, flexing and
posing for me.  I was transfixed by his body and I found myself reaching
out and running my hands over his firm pecs.  My hand grazed one of his
nipples and I stopped and began rubbing my thumb over it.  Moose was going
through a series of poses for me as I reached for his belt buckle.  I undid
his belt buckle and started unbuttoning his fatigue pants.  I could feel
the heat of his crotch radiating out as I pulled the flaps aside to
reveal......

"Hey, you coming?" I heard the voice ask.  It was Moose, we were back in
the elevator and the car had just come to a stop and the doors opened.
"Huh?" I asked.  "You OK? You look flushed and you're sweating?" Moose
asked.  "Uh yeah, uh, fine, sorry, just...gotta go." I said as I brushed
past him.  "Hey, we're going to throw back some beers and shoot some pool
later at the bar.  Come join us!" Moose yelled at me as I practically ran
for my room.  "We'll see" I shouted back.  I reached the door of my room,
unlocked it ran in and slammed it behind me.  I was panting like crazy and
sweating up a storm.  "Holy shit!" I said out loud.  I started to take a
step towards the kitchen when I felt wetness in the front of my pants.  I
looked down, unbuttoned my jeans, pulled open my underwear to find that I
had managed to cum.  Somewhere and at some point I had slipped into a
fantasy and had managed to shoot my load.  I headed to my bedroom, stripped
and proceeded to take another shower.  My cock was still hard as a rock, I
closed my eyes, reached down and began stroking.  All I could see in my
minds eyes was Moose's chest and nipples, my breathing became ragged and
before I knew it, I was shooting my load all over the shower walls.  I
turned the water off, grabbed my towel and headed out of the shower.
Standing in front of the mirror over the sink I just stared at myself.
"Burgers and beer and pool sounds good." I said to my reflection.  "And if
I'm lucky, I'll have some Moose too." I continued to say to my reflection,
my cock beginning to stir yet again.

Stay tuned to see what happens at the bar!  Thanks again for all of the
feed back!!

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Thu, 7 Feb 2008 08:24:40 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Chapter Three

This story is a work of fiction.  The characters in this story live in a
disease free world so the use of condoms is not portrayed.  Our real world
isn't like that, practice safe sex.

LTC Mann and I were heading out of the bar when his pager went off.  He
looked down at the number flashing on the pager and said, "Shit, it's the
missus, I gotta go."  "The MISSUS?  You're fucking married"? I asked in
total shock, anger and disbelief.  "Yeah, look we'll talk about this
later." LTC Mann said.  "I don't think so!" I fired back and turning on my
heels headed to the elevator, not once looking back.  "Son of a bitch, the
fucking bastard is MARRIED!" I screamed to no one in the elevator.  Getting
off on my floor I stormed to my apartment, unlocked the door, threw it open
and slammed it shut behind me.  I walked over to my sofa, threw myself
down, grabbed the TV remote, turned the TV on and then spent the rest of
the evening fuming.

The alarm clock in my bedroom woke me up.  Somehow I'd managed to fall
asleep on the couch, TV still on and still pissed off.  I quickly showered,
shaved, got dressed and headed for class.  I have no idea what the
instructor said throughout the day, I was in another world, wondering how
the hell LTC Mann could go home to a wife after sucking cock and fucking
ass.  I just didn't get it.  In my thoughts, you were either gay or
straight, bisexuality was foreign to me, so I never once took into
consideration that possibility existed.  Still, what was I really mad
about, that he was married or that he never said anything to me and he
certainly didn't wear his ring.  The day dragged on and the instructor
droned on.  I just wanted class to end, and when it finally did, I all but
ran out of there and headed back to my apartment.  I decided the best
remedy for this would be a long hot shower, followed by a meal and a few
beers.

I was just getting out of the shower when there was a knock on my door.
Wrapping the towel around my waist I made my way to the door, opened the
door and was surprised to find Gunny Sanchez standing there.  "Stefan, may
I come in?" he asked politely.  "Uh, sure, come on in, make yourself
comfortable, I need to finish drying off and get dressed, I'll be just a
minute." I said, suddenly realizing I was half naked and was also starting
to throw a boner.  I turned to head to my bedroom, "Shit, I hope he didn't
see my dick spring up." I thought to myself.  I wasn't sure why I'd popped
a boner, as I said, I never really paid much attention to Gunny Sanchez.
It wasn't that he wasn't attractive, he was a very beautiful man, it was
just that my radar told me he was strictly hands off.  I was in my bedroom
and had just dropped the towel from my waist when Gunny Sanchez' voice
spoke from behind me.  "Stefan" he said.  I jumped and spun around, he had
followed me to my bedroom and I hadn't even noticed.  Thankfully, my cock
had managed to go into instant deflate mode, so even though I was buck ass
naked and facing him, the only tell tale sign that I'd had a hard cock
moments before was the extra thickness and length.  "Sorry," Gunny started,
"Look, you need to know a little more about the Marines.  More than what
you're going to get taught in class." he continued.

"Um, before you go on, can I get dressed?" I asked.  "You don't have
anything I haven't already seen Stefan, get over your modesty." Gunny said.
I started to dress and he started to give me another lesson on Marines.
"Marines like to fuck and they like to drink." Gunny said.  "Don't ask me
why, I don't know, maybe it's all the testosterone the Marine Corps causes
you to produce, maybe it's the training, hell who knows.  But a Marine will
drink and fuck all night long and they won't care with whom, just as long
as they get a nut."  Gunny said.  "Why are you telling me all of this?" I
asked.  Gunny replied, "I knew you were distracted today, I could see it in
class.  I also happened to see you and LTC Mann last night at the bar and I
watched your display of anger when, presuming anyway, it was his wife that
paged him."  "You're spying on me?" I asked in total shock and disbelief.
"No, I was coming over to visit another student and give him the bad news
that he won't be continuing with us anymore." Gunny replied.  "Oh" I said
rather sheepishly.  "I'm telling you this because the classroom portion of
this is coming to an end.  We have one week left, then you will be
introduced to your Marine unit." Gunny said.  By this time I had dressed
and was sitting on the bed, listening to Gunny.  He soon walked over to the
bed and sat down next to me.  "You are going to see and experience the same
things.  These men are trained to spend massive amounts of time in remote
areas.  Areas where no other humans live and with their buddies, all of
whom are of the same sex."  Gunny said.  I managed to glance down towards
his crotch and noticed that it was starting to fill out.  "Men get horny,
Marine men are even hornier and they will do whatever they need to do to
get their nut.  It's all completely understood from the day they enter
training, so long as they don't brag about their conquests, or become
emotionally attached to their fuck buddy.  I just want you to be prepared."
Gunny said.

Gunny continued to fill me in on what would be the next part of this job.
He also announced to me that he would be our squad leader and that more
information would be published at the end of the class next week.  I was
still focusing on Gunny Sanchez' crotch, I could tell by now that he had a
full blown hard on and was beginning to wonder what his cock looked and
tasted like.  Gunny stood up, his hard cock tenting out his slacks and at
eye level, clasped my shoulder and told me he needed to get going.  He
turned to leave and my eyes took in, for the first time, the beauty of his
ass.  Small, firm, compact, begging to have a cock buried inside.  We said
our goodbyes and I returned to my bedroom, flopped down on the bed and
pulled my cock out for a good wank.  I had removed my shirt and my pants
were slid to my ankles.  I closed my eyes and my left hand started twisting
and tweaking my right nipple.  Grabbing my cock, I slowly began stroking
it, precum already starting to flow out of the head of my cock and down
over my hand.  I wiped it up and used it for lube and continued to slowly
stroke my hard cock.  I replayed in my mind what had just transpired with
Gunny, only, I imagined that as he stood, his hard cock in his uniform
trousers staring at me that I reached up, unbuckeled his pants, unbuttoned
and unzipped his pants and pulled them half way down his firm, muscular
dark brown thighs.  I imaganied I was staring right at his hard cock, he
wore no underwear.  His cock was firm, uncut with the head just peeking out
of his tight foreskin, around seven inches long, thin with two egg sized
balls swinging and churning in the sack below.  I imagined leaning forward
and taking his hard cock into my mouth, him taking a sharp intake of breath
as the sensation of my tongue lapping at his piss slit overtook him.  I
imagine while I'm sucking on his dark brown cock that he takes off his
uniform shirt and T-shirt.  I look up and see his brown eyes staring at me,
lust burning in the pupils of his eyes, his lips drawn back in a snear,
whispering to me that my mouth feels so good on his hard cock and please,
keep licking and sucking.  My imagination fasts foward, my hand increasing
it's speed on my dick, my balls beginning to tighten in their sack.  We're
now naked on the bed and locked in a hot and heated 69.  Gunny is above me,
working my cock with his mouth, taking turns sucking and licking my cock
and then sucking and licking on my balls.  He moves his head further down
to taste my hole and the next thing I know, we're both eating and fingering
each other's holes, moaning and panting, our cocks leaking all over each
other.  I continue stroking my own cock, my imagination fueling me closer
and closer to climax.  Again, my imagination fast fowards and Gunny Sanchez
is now on top me, my cock buried in his tight beautiful ass.  He is riding
my cock, muttering and mumbling words in Spanish.  I don't know what he is
saying to me, I don't know the language, but in my fantasy induced mind I
imagine he is saying to me, "Oh yes amigo, fuck my ass, oh you feel so good
in my tight ass."  My hand moves faster and faster up and down my cock, my
breathing is heavy and coming in short gasps.  My balls have now completely
drawn up inside me, leaving only the skin of my ball sack.  I'm heading for
my orgasm and I can tell it will be long and huge.  My imagination flashes
back to the seen I've set before me, Gunny is now riding my cock like a
bucking bronco, screaming and groaning.  I've completely shucked back his
foreskin and am stroking his cock hard and fast.  Gunny's hips begin to
shake, he bucks faster and harder on my cock screaming he's going to cum,
he's going to cum and to fuck him hard and faster.  My hand on my own cock
is a blur and just as I and Gunny start shooting our loads in my fantasy, I
begin to spray my cum in reality.  Ropes of hot white cum spew out of the
head of my cock.  I shoot over my head, my cum landing on my pillow.  In my
fantasy, my face is being sprayed with Gunny Sanchez' hot cum while I pump
load after load of my own cum up his tight ass.  As the last drops of cum
dribble out of the characters dicks in my fantasy, so they do in reality.
I lay there, panting, sweat pouring off my face and chest.  I bring my cum
covered hand to my mouth and slowly begin to lick my load off my hand.  My
cock jumps and jerks when I do this, more cum dribbles out of the tip and
adds to the pool of cum that has already collected on my stomach.  My
panting slows as I begin to trace my fingers through the puddle of cum on
my stomach.

I slowly open my eyes, movement out of the corner of my eye catches my
attention.  I turn my head and see Gunny Sanchez standing in the doorway of
my bedroom, his shirt off, pants around his ankles, stroking his beautiful
hard cock.  "Think you can do a repeat?" he asks as he lets go of his cock
and begins to remove his pants.  I moan and purr as my cock begins to stir
to life.  "Oh I think I'm going to like this assignment!" I giggle to
myself as I reach out for Gunny Sanchez' cock.......

Stay tuned for more and thanks again to all who have responded with
feedback!

---

Untitled (Chapter 20)

Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2008 09:47:44 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News Chapter 2

This story is a work of fiction.  This chapter will have some mild drug use
and watersports in it.  If that isn't your cup of tea, please don't read
it.  As always my characters live in a disease free world, safe sex is not
an issue so the use of condoms is not portrayed.  Our real world is
different, practice safe sex.

   I need to tell you a little bit about Chad and I before I continue.  As
I said, we were best buds, had been since childhood.  Chad's parents were
the last holdout of the 60's "Flower Child" generation.  They rallied
against the established, were very politically active in promoting less
government and more personal freedoms, etc.  Yet at the same time they had,
as they too were entering the working world after college, discovered the
power of money.  So, not too long after they graduated college, they opened
their own business, a photography store, and were doing very well for
themselves.  Now, being from the 60's movement idea, of course they smoke
pot.  Not in front of the their kids (or me too) but it was nothing to
smell it throughtout the house or see the special brownies that Chad's mom
had baked.  Chad's parents owned a split level home, four bedrooms, with
the fourth bedroom being the one in the basement.  This was Chad's and I's
room and his dad had gone to great lengths to make it as comfortable and
private as possible.  Chad had his own entrance to the house, bathroom,
etc.  His parents were pretty cool, and surprisingly, we got into very
little trouble, especially for not having any set boundaries and rules.
Chad's parents knew he was gay, knew I was gay and didn't give a rats ass,
just as long as we were happy.

   It was summer vacation between our Junior and Senior year when Chad and
I discovered the joys of pot.  Chad had borrowed some of his parents' stash
(they were out of town on business) and their bong.  The quarterback of our
high school, a confused cock hound himself, had called and was in need of a
dick fix.  He had discovered earlier in the school year how much he liked
to get fucked while getting his own cock sucked and being sucked at the
same time.  Chad and I were in his room, door locked, taking care of the
quarterback's needs when my first buzz hit.  Chad was fucking his ass big
time, stoned completely out of his mind, and I was getting a thorough cock
sucking and ball washing.  I had just taken a couple hits from the bong
when I had the greatest feeling start to wash over me.  I was floating in a
relaxed haze of euphoria and I swear to this day I could feel every ridge,
every taste bud of the quarterback's tongue as he nursed and gobbeled my
cock.  I got up on my knees, cock still lodged in his mouth, and leaned
across to kiss Chad.  The feel of our tongues, our lips, moving back and
forth across each other was exquisite.  Chad pulled away, looked at me and
started laughing, "Dude, you're so stoned!  You like it?" he asked.  "Hell
yeah!" I said.  Chad pulled his cock out of the quarterbacks ass, stroked
it a couple of times and shot his load across his back.  I watched, stoned,
it seemed like his dick was shooting in slow motion. I leaned over, mouth
open, letting his cock fire his cum straight into my mouth, it landing on
my tongue.  I heard the quarterback cough and sputter, "Oh shit," I
thought, "Am I cumming too?  Hell, it doesn't feel like I am."  Spitting my
cock out, the quarterback reared back, pissed off as hell.  "I ought to
fucking punch you bitch," he screamed at me, "You fucking started pissing
in my mouth!"  I looked down and, even as hard as I was, I was still
pissing on his own hard cock.  I looked back at the quarterback, grabbed
him by the back of the head and shoved him back down on my still pissing
cock.  As much as he had protested, he didn't try to back off my cock again
and in fact, started shooting his own load, hands free, while he was
drinking my hot piss.  Chad couldn't believe how hot that looked, standing
up he walked over to me, shoved his own dick in my mouth and let go with a
bladder full of his own piss.  Well, needless to say, being horned up,
stoned, and in a new experience, it wasn't long before I had stopped
pissing in the quarterback's mouth and was now shooting my load down his
throat.  We at least had had the sense to be on the floor when all of this
happened, and since the floor of Chad's room was painted concrete with
throw rugs, all we had to do was toss the rugs in the wash, mop up the piss
and no one would know what had just taken place.  From that point forward,
until we both graduated and left for college, our world of man to man sex
would continually evolve, each of us trying different things, usually while
watching a porno that Chad had managed to borrow or purchase at the adult
store with his fake ID.  If his parents only knew....

   So having said all of that, let me continue.  The Department of Defense
had leased an apartment building across the highway from the Pentagon where
we would be doing our training.  There were a total of 10 men who had
signed up for this journalism/photo-journalism experiment the Marines were
doing.  We were given two bedroom apartments and each of us had a room
mate.  There was little to no homework as the first part of our induction
was learning the marine way, their military grades, protocol, etc.  Our
evenings and weekends were ours to do as we chose.  My roommate was a
bookwormish kind of guy, tall, slender and quiet, very quiet.  We had
absolutely zero in common as I would soon find out.  Our instructor for
this portion of our training was Gunnery Master Sergeant Sanchez, Gunny for
short.  He appeared to be in his mid 30's, hispanic, with that typical
buzzed haircut that Marines wear.  He too was built like a brick shit house
and I swear, every Marine has their uniforms tailored (ask one though and
they'll deny deny deny as it is against military regulation) so that the
uniform emphasizes and highlights their best physical features.  I wasn't
too terribly drawn to Gunny, not sure why, maybe my gaydar picked up that
there was zero of a chance with him or maybe I just didn't think of him in
that manner, which is very unlike me.  We were entering our second week of
training and was in the first part of our protocol course when I was pulled
from class and told to report to the Commandant.  The Commandant is the
equivalent of a college dean, so being called to the dean's office,
normally meant bad news.  I was escorted to the Commandant's office,
knocked on his door and was told to enter.  I about came in my jeans when I
saw the Commandant, it was LTC Mann, the same one that recruited me for
this job.  "Sit down Stefan, make yourself comfortable." he said as he
motioned me to sit in the overstuffed brown leather chair.  "Your roommate,
I'm afraid, just isn't going to cut it.  One, he's got some questionable
information in his background check that I don't think we're going to get
cleared and two, he just doesn't have the aptitude for this.  So, we're
sending him back," he continued. "Having said that, we need to move you out
of your two bed room apartment.  We have a one bedroom available, with
kitchenette, or a studio, which would you prefer?" LTC Mann asked.  "I'll
take the one bedroom," was my reply.  "Great!  Let me have your key, we'll
get your things moved today for you and here's your key to your new
apartment.  It's on the 30th floor, I think you'll like it, it's got a
beautiful view of the city at night." LTC Mann said.  We stood, exchanged
keys and I went back to class.  That evening I checked out my new digs and
headed out for some sight seeing.  It'd already been a week since I'd
gotten my rocks off and seeing LTC Mann again had my cock hard and leaking
and I need to get a nut.

   Washington D.C. has one of the best subway systems I've ever
encountered.  So, after returning to my room, showering and taking care of
other business, I journeyed out in search of cock.  I had heard of a park
down by the Lincoln Memorial that was a hot spot for cruising and some
glory hole action.  I headed for the subway station, got on and got off at
the Arlington stop.  One stop too far for my intended destination.  I could
see the Lincoln Memorial so decided I'd start walking in that direction.
It wasn't long before I was walking across the Potomac and onto the grounds
of the Lincoln Memorial.  Not exactly sure of which direction to head to
now, I again, just started walking. It was too long before I realized that
I had entered into what appeared to be a park, so hoping that I was in the
right area, began checking things out, trying to see if I could spot the
tell tale signs of men trying to hook up with men.  After wandering around
for about 30 minutes, I decided I was hoplessly lost and extremely
frustrated.  I was horny, I needed cock and this wasn't going the way I
wanted it to go.  I stopped, trying to figure out where I was, I knew I
wasn't too far from my apartment as I could see one side of the Pentagon.
Pulling out my, "I'm a tourist" map (like THAT was going to tell me) I
started trying to find my location and decided I'd go from there.  If
nothing else, I knew that Dupont Circle was the gay district, I could
always find my way back to the subway and head over there.  "You look
lost," a voice called over my left shoulder.  I jumped what had to have
been a mile high.  Laughing the voice said, "Sorry, didn't mean to startle
you."  I turned to face the voice and found I was gazing right into the
sunglassed face of a motorcycle cop.  I love motorcycles and I especially
love cops.  The whole authoritarian attitude cops gave off was like an
aphrodesiac to me.  "I am lost, I'm trying to find a park that....",
realizing I was about to spill the beans to a cop, I cut my statement
short.  "A park for what?" the cop asked.  He had now removed his mirrored
sunglasses and I just stared at this crystal deep blue eyes lined by the
longest black lashes I've ever seen on a man.  "A, um, a, park that...." I
stuttered.  I couldn't complete my sentence, I wanted to take this cop
right now, rip his uniform off and just start licking and biting and
sucking every inch of his flesh.  "Well let me see if I can help." He said
as he got off his motorcycle, took off his helmet and his leather gloves.
I just drooled, my cop friend towered over me, he had to be at least six
five, his hair was a chestnut brown, he wore a moustache, also chestnut
brown with red highlights that perfectly framed his full red lips.  His
biceps were massive and looked as though they were going to rip open his
uniform shirt at any time.  His sculpted chest was clearly visible under
his unform shirt, tapered waist that led to long muscular legs.  Since he
was walking towards me, I couldn't check out his ass but just knew it had
to be delectable.  His trousers gave no hint of a bulge, so I could only
imagine that the was packing a thick piece of prime grade A cock in his
pants.  He sideled up to me, I could smell a light hint of his cologne, I
think it was Polo.  His hands were huge, he could easily wrap his long
fingers around my head and squeeze me like a tomatoe.  I was trembling as
he took my tourist map from my hands, hoping that I could hide my pure lust
from him, and hoping even more he couldn't see the erection I'd thrown that
was now tenting out my jeans.

   I managed to look at the cops name tag.  Richardson was his name,
Officer Richardson.  Pointing to the map, Officer Richardson said, "Here's
where I think you are looking at going, you're not far.  It's Columbia Park
and if you're looking for what I think you're looking for, you'll find it
there.  Just walk to the end of this street, hang a right, cross the bridge
and you're there.  Be careful though, it's heavily patroled by cops."
Officer Richardson said.  Obviously I had been as obvious as clear glass,
can't imagine why, I was standing there, panting and licking my chops
looking at Officer Richardson as though I was a starving wolf and he was a
juicy cut of lamb.  "Before you ask," started, "yes, you're that obvious.
It just so happens this is my beat to patrol for the day.  Go on, head over
there, when you walk into the park you'll see the parking lot.  Don't mess
with the men on the cars, they're trouble, head for the public restrooms
that'll be off to your right.  But before you go in, just hang out by the
rest room for a minute, watch what happens."  He smiled, handed me my map
and turned to head back to his motorcycle.  I stared at his ass, full,
beefy, beautiful, two muscular globes just begging for me to dive my face
into.  Pulling myself out of my fantasy, I made my way to the park.  Sure
enough, row after row of cars were parked in the lot.  Some men in their
cars, others sitting on the hoods.  The men sitting on the hoods of their
cars were clad in shorts, the legs of their shorts conveniently hiked up
and a leg conveniently propped up to expose their cocks and balls.  I saw a
variety of shapes, colors and sizes of cocks.  I made my way to the public
restroom and turned back to look at the parking lot.  Men were scrambling
back into their cars, others were speeding out of the park as fast as they
could.  It was only a matter of minutes before I saw why, Officer
Richardson had came barreling into the parking lot.  After he had cleared
everyone out, he got off his motorcycle and came over to where I stood,
just outside the mens room.  He was walking up the sidewalk, motioning me
to go inside.  I opened the door and soon disappeared; within a few minutes
he too came in, still wearing his gloves, helmet and glasses.  The parks
closed at dusk and so did the public restrooms.  Officer Richardson reached
behind him and turned the lock on the door.  Removing his helmet, glasses
and gloves he told me to head to the trough.  Yes, there were not any
urinals in this bathroom, just one long trough with two stalls, each stall
had a very large glory hole cut into the wall so that you could see the
action from either the trough or the stall.  "Strip!" Officer Richardshon
growled at me.  I did as I was told and before long was naked save for my
socks and tennis shoes.  "Get over here bitch and fucking get my cock out
of my pants!" he ordered.  I did as I was told, removing his pistol belt
and carefully setting it on the tiled floor next to him.  While I was
ubuttoning his pants and lowering his zipper, I noticed the smell of sex in
the men's room.  It was a smell of cum, poppers, lube and the usual hint of
urine.  I got his police jodhpurs down to his ankles when he grabbed me by
the back of my head and shoved my face into his underwear clad crotch.  "I
want you to fucking worship my cloth covered cock.  Fucking eat me through
my shorts bitch and don't bite at all or you'll get a slap across my face.
I was fucking turned on like I've never experienced before.  "I could tell
when I saw you bitch that you would want some of my cop cock." He continued
to banter while I ate, licked, nibbled and sucked every inch of his dick
through his underwear.  His cock was huge, at least 9 inches long and two
inches thick.  While he continued to degrade me with his obsenities and I
continued to eat his cock, he removed his uniform shirt and T-shirt.  He
pulled me to my feet and I stared at his massive chest.  My eyes drank in
every inch of his sculpted chest. His skin was lightly tan and completely
smooth, he even shaved his arm pits, legs, and balls.  The only pubic hair
was just a small patch right above his dick.  Sculpted this way, his dick
looked even bigger.  Reaching out he grabbed the back of my head again and
shoved my face into one of his armpits and ordered me to lick the mansweat
from his pits.  He smelled clean, no scent (or taste) of deodorant, just
the clean smell of soap.  I gathered he must have just started his shift.
My cock was drooling precum everywhere, I reached down and grabbed his hard
cock and started to lightly stroke his dick.  I could feel his own cock
juice leaking out of the head, coating my hand which I proceeded to rub
back into the head of his cock.  "Oh FUCK yeah," he yelled.  He pulled me
off his arm pit and with me standing there, panting, proceeded to remove
the rest of his own clothes.  He left his socks on and put his calf high
black leather boots back on.

   "Get in the first stall and stick your face up to the gloryhole, I got a
treat for you bitch." he growled again.  Turning, he slapped my ass, hard,
it stung but I only managed to groan, my cock flexing, more juice pouring
out.  Once I was in place in the stall, he walked up to the gloryhole and
shoved his monstrous dick through the hole.  "Open your mouth bitch," he
yelled.  I did as instructed and was soon rewarded with a steady flow of
his piss right into my mouth.  "Don't swallow, I want my piss to flow out
of your mouth and down your chest. I'm marking you as my territory cunt."
I stayed there, feeling his warm golden flow cascading out of my mouth,
over my chin and down my chest.  My cock and balls soon became coated in
his liquid gold.  I was panting and moaning, this was so fucking erotic I
wasn't sure how long I was going to last.  I could already feel my balls
start to tighten up and that familiar tingle in my groin.  He finished
pissing and I groaned that I was going to cum.  "Bitch you better not cum,
I'll tell you when you can cum, now get out here and clean up my cock!" he
ordered.  His piss was finding it's way to a drain in the floor, there
would be no need to clean up that mess.  I scrambled to where he stood and
started worshiping his cock.  Licking the piss out of his piss hole, my
tongue parting the lips and lapping at the remainder of his piss and the
start of a new batch of cock juice.  Every nerve ending in my body was on
fire and I felt everything.  "Get up, take a whiff of this!" he ordered as
he bent to pull me to my feet, shoving a bottle of poppers in my nose.  I
inhaled the familiar scent, my pulse racing, my head swimming.  I was on
fire with lust and at this point in time would have done anything my hunk
of a public servant would have asked me to do.  Once again he shoved me to
my knees and instructed me to get his balls good and wet.  The lock on the
door of the restroom turned and in walked another uniform clad officer.
"Oh yeah Paul, you done good with this one!" the other officer said as he
began removing his own clothes.  "Oh he's good Jim, he's loves his showers,
doncha bitch?" Officer Richardson said.  "Mmmppff" was all I could say as I
shook my head yes.  I felt a hand run along my back and down the crack of
my ass.  I bucked as I felt a finger linger over my hole.  Office
Richardson had now pulled me off his balls and cock and had me licking the
area right above his dick.  I felt him grab his cock and before long felt
the familiar warmth of piss splashing against my chest.  Officer Richardson
was yet again, emptying his bladder, using me as his personal urinal. At
the same time, I felt a warm splash of liquid against my hole and realized
that his buddy had placed the head of his cock up against my hole and was
pissing on it.  I soon felt the head of his cock pushing at the entrance
and in a few minutes felt the warmth of his piss as it began to fill up my
bowels.  I couldn't hold back anymore, this was too much for me and I began
to shoot my load all over the tile floor.  Both men were done pissing on
and in me.  Officer Richardson began to fuck my face with his cock, ramming
it down my throat.  I gagged and thought I was going to be sick to my
stomach but he held back, allowing me to get used to his cock that far down
my throat.  It wasn't long before he was deep throating me, me timing my
breathing to the rhythm of his cock.  At the same time, his partner began
fucking me in the ass.  I could feel his cock harden, opening me like I'd
never been opened before.  Both men were thicker than any cock I'd
experienced, but as heated up as I was, taking their thickness was
relatively easy.  I could feel the piss that was in my ass being fucked out
of my ass, it running down my ass and over my balls.  I grunted and bucked
as another orgasm took over me.  The officer fucking my ass, reached around
as my cock began spurting and jacked me through my orgasm.  My cum running
down and over his hand.  He then took his cum covered hand and fed my load
to Officer Richardson.  I felt Officer Richardsons cock expand and with one
final thrust could feel his cock shooting his load down my throat.  It felt
massive and my stomach began to feel full from his load.  I heard the cop
behind me grunt, groan and then rip his dick out of my ass.  He let a
couple shots hit my hole before he shoved his spurting dick back into my
ass.  My ass milked his cock for every last drop.  As the two officers were
beginning to come down from their orgasm, both cocks still firmly planted
in both ends of my body, I let go with my own full bladder.  I finished
pissing as both men pulled their cocks out of me.

   "Fuck, guys that was hot!" I panted.  "Yeah, I gotta tell ya, we've only
encountered one other guy that could take us like you just did." Officer
Richardson said.  "Yeah," his partner responded, "he's now in Congress."
We all laughed, cleaned off as best we could, got dressed and headed out of
the rest room.  "C'mon, Jim will take you back to your apartment, just hop
into his cruiser." Officer Richardson said as he leaned down to give me a
kiss.  Jim had me climb into the front seat of his cruiser and as we were
backing out of the parking lot, stowed his computer, pulled me across,
kissed me and then guided me to his lap.  I opened his fly, fished out his
already hard cock and proceeded to give him a blowjob while he drove me
back to my apartment.  He came in my mouth just as he was pulling into the
parking garage.  I finished cleaning off his cock, tucked it back into his
pants, zipped him up and thanked him for an absolutely great time.  We
spent a few minutes kissing before I said I needed to go.  Jim filled me in
on another spot that was a levi/leather place.  Said it was a hot spot for
the Marines to head to and asked if I was interested.  "Hell yes!" I fired
back.  We made plans for this weekend and I waved goodbye as Jim drove off.
I decided I needed a beer before I headed back to my apartment so stopped
in the bar that was off the lobby of the apartment building. I ordered a
tall beer and sat down to enjoy it.  "Did you have a good evening?" a voice
asked me.  I immediately recognized LTC Mann's voice and looking in his
direction, smiled and said, "Oh yeah."  "Wanna tell me what you did?" he
asked.  I slammed my beer, put a twenty on the bar and said, "Let's go!"

   Stay tuned for more hot action as Stefan finds his way through the
Marine protocol....

---

Untitled (Chapter 21)

Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2008 12:35:24 -0700
From: Greg Reese
Subject: Marine Corps News - Military

This story is a work of fiction.  My characters live in a world free of
disease so do not wear condoms.  The real world is very different, practice
safe sex.

I was 25 years old and had just graduated with my Bachelors Degree in
journalism with a minor in photo journalism.  Before I begin, a little
about me.  My name is Stefan McCormick, I'm average height, five foot
seven, weigh 130 pounds, so slight frame, and although I'm no professional
bodybuilder, I do work out at the gym and have developed a nice firm chest,
six pack abs, tight ass and nice runners thighs.  I have brown hair, green
eyes and I love male to male sex.  I'm open to most things and willing to
try some - my tastes range from very vanilla, quick blow jobs, hand jobs,
that sort of thing, to wet and wild.  The only thing I won't entertain is
scat, bondage and torture.  I've been a cockhound my entire life and proud
of it, my parents didn't see it that way and, after catching me fucking the
living daylights out of the star quarterback on our high school football
team, booted me out and disowned me.  There loss, not mine.  So, at the age
of 16, I moved in with my best friend and his parents (he too was a cock
hound), finished high school, managed to get a four year scholarship to
Indiana University and the rest is yet to cum, so to speak.

The day of graduation we also walked a gauntlet of job recruiters.
Business professionals from all over came to hire the best of the best.  I
really didn't want to be tied to the 9 to 5 routine of Corporate Hell but
was going to freelance.  But I did notice a gentleman dressed in a military
uniform at one table, all alone, no one was clammering to hear his hard
sell.  Curious, I walked over.  He stood up and I just about came in my
jeans right there.  He was probably in his late 30's early 40's, had
something silver on both of his colors, but a body to absolutely die for.
He was a spitting image of Sam Elliott and my mouth instantly started
watering wondering what the prospect would be like of working his cock
over.  He introduced himself as Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Mann and I
introduced myself to him.  Thinking he was going to try and recruit me into
the Marine Corps, I halfway listened to his sales pitch until he said,
"We're trying a new program and are looking for journalists and
photojournalists to integrate into our units and provide a little positive
PR."  He stopped talking, "Go on," I replied.  He proceeded to tell me that
the journalist would be sent to Washington D.C. for a year, required to go
through the necessary background checks, security clearance stuff as well
as learning about the protocol of the military, etc., etc.  The catch was
that the job would not be a permanent one, definitely two years and after
that it would end.  "Hmmm...OK so for two years I get to hang with some
marines, hopefully hot marines," I thought to myself.  "How bad can this
be?"  "So do you think you might be interested?" LTC Mann asked, drawing me
out of my pornographic thoughts and back into reality.  "You bet!  Where do
I apply?" I snapped back.  I began the long tedious task of filling out
more forms than I have ever thought existed.  Questions like, "Are you now
or have you ever been a Communist?  Are you now or have you ever dealt in
drug trafficking?"  "Jesus," I thought to myself, "what the hell?"  I
continued on and 45 minutes later, was signing my name to the last of the
forms.

"Great!" LTC Mann said, "Welcome aboard!  I'll take these back with me,
they'll run some preliminary background checks on you and will contact you
next week.  I'll need a phone number to reach you at." he said.  Puzzeled,
I asked, "That's it?  I'm hired?"  "Yup, to be honest, you're the only one
who's stopped by and I'm only here for one day, unlike the others." he
replied.  We shook hands and off I went.  I had decided to get a hotel room
for a couple of days in Bloomington; just to hang out, party, do whatever
it was I wanted to do.  I got back to my room, changed clothes and headed
to the bar in the hotel.  I was sitting there, drinking my cold beer and
half assed watching a baseball game on T.V. when I heard someone sit down
next to me.  I glanced over and noticed it was, or at least I thought it
was anyway, LTC Mann.  He too glanced over at me at the same time, smiled
and says, "You staying here at the hotel?"  "Um, yeah, who are you?" I
asked.  Chuckling he said, "I guess I look different out of uniform.  It's
me, LTC Mann."  "Holy shit!  Yeah you DO look different out of uniform" I
said.  We ordered a pitcher of beer and headed towards one of the tables at
the back of the bar.  We also ordered an assortment of appetizers and
talked as we drank our beer and ate our food.  The first pitcher was
emptied and before I knew it, the waitress was bringing over another
pitcher of beer and another round of appetizers.  "Geez LTC Mann," I
started to say, "Please, call me Jon, I'm out of uniform and you're not in
the military." he replied.  "Geez Jon, you trying to get me drunk?" I
asked.  He laughed and excused himself to go empty his bladder.  As he
stood up I took a nice long look at his body.  He was wearing a polo shirt
that clung to his massive chest and opened low enough to reveal a thick
tuft of jet black fur poking through.  His button up 501 blues emphasized
his gorgeous bulge and tight skaters ass.  My cock flexed and jumped in my
jeans as I watched him walk towards the johns.  He returned a few minutes
later and we continued with where we left off.

Halfway through the second pitcher of beer, my bladder was telling me it
was full.  Apparently his was too as we both excused ourselves at the same
time and headed to the john.  There were only two urinals in the john with
no dividing wall between the two of them.  I walked up, unbuttoned my
jeans, and pulled my dick out to take a piss and he did the same.  I
noticed that he wasn't standing directly in front of the urnial as most men
do, but rather back, just enough to give me full view of his cock if I were
to look.  And of course I looked.  His cock was beautiful, about six inches
soft, uncut, he had tucked his boxers under his balls and I swear, his
balls were the size of a triple large egg.  I also noticed that he wasn't
pissing.  I glanced up to look at him.  "Like it?" he asked.  "Uh huh!" I
groaned.  "Wanna suck it?" he asked, slapping it in his hand.  "Uh huh!" I
groaned again.  His cock was now at full mast and the tip of his dick was
poking out from underneath his skin.  "C'mon, lets settle our tab and head
back to my room.  I need to get a nut, ain't had nothing for the past three
weeks.  Not even time to jack off." He said.  "You mean you got three weeks
of pent up cum in those balls?" I asked.  "Uh huh," he growled.  We tucked
our hard cocks back into our jeans as best as we could, headed out, paid
our tab and headed back to his room.

Once we got back to his room, he wasted no time in ripping open his jeans,
shoving them and his boxers down to his knees.  He grabbed me by the back
of the neck and forced me down to my knees, I didn't even have time to
unbutton my own jeans, let alone pull out my cock.  "Suck my cock bitch.
I'll cum quickly the first time but don't worry, I can go several times
before I'm spent." He growled as he shoved his cock in my mouth.  I went to
work on his dick immediately, sucking his cock as thought it would be last
cock I'd ever get.  In a matter of minutes I felt him tense, grunt and
started shooting three weeks worth of pent up cum down my throat.  He was
cumming so much and so fast that there no way I could keep up.  It started
flowing out of the corners of my mouth and running down my chin.  He pulled
his cock out and shot the last of his load on my face, covering my lips,
nose, and cheeks in his cum.  He then pulled me to my feet, shoved his
tongue in my mouth and then began licking his own load off my face while he
massaged my rock hard cock through my pants.  I felt him tugging at the
buttons on my jeans and before long had managed to slide my jeans and
briefs down to my knees and was gently stroking my cock, using the precum
that was pouring out of my own cock as lube.  I started groaning while he
was still kissing me and started to grind my hard cock into his hand.  I
pulled off of him long enough to tell him I was going to cum and he
immediately sank to his knees and growled at me to cover his face in my
cum.  I immediate start shooting my own load.  I shot it in his hair, on
his lips, nose, cheeks and chin.  He continued to stroke me while I came
and with his other hand, started wiping my cum off his face and started
licking it off his hands.  I glanced down at his crotch, his cock was rock
hard again.

Once I was done cumming, he spun me around, bent me over and started eating
my ass.  I fuck ass or get my ass fucked, it all depends on the guy and my
mood.  Given the way he was eating my ass out, he had every intention of
fucking me in the ass.  Slowly he managed to walk us towards the bed, his
tongue never one leaving my ass and by now he was using it to fuck me deep.
I managed to climb on the bed in a doggy style, my cock was again hard and
leaking and I was begging him to fuck me and fuck me hard.  He stood up,
aimed his cock at my hole and in one thrust shoved it cock in to the hilt.
I screamed in pain, hell he could've at least taken his time.  He
immediately started power fucking my hole and within a few minutes the pain
of his entry had turned to pure pleasure as I began to meet him stroke for
stroke.  We must have fucked for hours.  He had me in every conceivable
position and some I didn't even know were conceivable.  I had managed to
fire off another load, coating my stomach in my own cum, which he wiped up
and used as lube.  He had me on my side and was on top of me when his
second orgasm hit.  He started fucking my ass harder, telling me he was
going to fucking cum and to get ready.  He reached down, yanked his cock
out and rolled me over on my back.  He threw my legs over his shoulders and
started stroking his cock.  It soon exploded, showering my cock, balls and
hole in his cum.  It amazed me how much cum he could produce, especially
given this was his second orgasm.  He finished cumming and leaned down to
start sucking on my, yet again, hard cock.  I swear he had no sooner
started sucking my cock when I was blasting another load in his mouth.  He
pulled off my cock when I was done shooting and began to kiss me, my cum
still in his mouth.  It was hot tasting my own cum while we kissed.

Spent we rolled over and just lay there, panting.  After we had calmed
down, he leaned up on his elbow, lightly kissed me and said, "That was a
hot fuck.  Thanks, I so needed that!"  "My pleasure," I purred back.  "I
need to get going so am going to have to kick you out of bed.  Tell you
what though, I've got just the unit in mind for you." he said with a wink.
"I can't wait," I said while I was getting dressed.  We kissed again and
off I went.

I moved back home with my best friend and a week later I got the letter he
told me to expect.  My journey with the Marines would be starting in two
days.  I read through the rest of the information that they had sent, put
it back in the envelope and started to pack my things.  I had a hardon the
entire time I packed and later that night, shot another massive load in my
best friends ass, thinking about how much fun I was going to have.

Stay tuned for part two.....Read what happens when Stefan stops to ask a
police officer for directions......