Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 28 Feb 2004 19:50:45 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 29

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Nine - 

In the next few days, I managed to get it on with Mike, Rusty and Bulldog
individually. The experiences were each as different as the men. I didn't
find myself feeling the same way about any of them. Mike I felt more
dominant with, like with Keith. I found him tender and romantic and I tried
to be more like that for him and he seemed to really appreciate it.

 Rusty? Well...Rusty was a trip! I had no idea that he was into getting
fisted but the minute I went down to eat his ass and felt the incredible
muscle control he had over his ass, I knew! We ended up with me fisting him
and jacking off inside of him while I did it! It was a lot of fun. I got
the feelin' that Rusty was more like me than anybody else in the family. He
loved sex but to break through to him emotionally during it was a whole
different subject! I figured maybe, after a while, it would happen between
us. But that was fine with me because the fun we could have otherwise was
great!

Then there was Bulldog. I knew what Bulldog's relationship was to Mike and
to Jeff as well as to Rusty. I wasn't exactly sure about Keith, because
we'd never really talked about it. I knew, however, that Bulldog was a
pretty dominant kind of guy. Usually, the kind of guy that...well...that I
didn't have too much to do with. You know how it is. Two bulls in the same
pen ain't a good idea. But since we were living together and were a
'family', I decided that we needed to get more intimate with each other.

Now, don't get me wrong! Bulldog was one hell of a hunk of man! Guys
fuckin' half his age would give anything for the fuckin' body he had! He
sure made my fuckin' rammer hard just lookin' at him. And I'd found him a
lot easier to talk with when I had the situation with Tommy than I ever
would have guessed. I figured that if I could just get over my own natural
inclination to be the aggressor, the way it had happened with Jeff, then
maybe things would work out good.  After all, Jeff told me that Bulldog was
the one that he found himself 'surrendering' to.

I didn't ask Keith to set up nothin' after that first time with Jeff. I
figured that from then on it was my responsibility and things had worked
out fine. I'll admit, though, that I had avoided a one-on- one with Bulldog
until the last. When I got home with Keith one night, however, Bulldog and
Rusty were home alone and in the kitchen. Mike and Jeff had gone out
somewhere. I looked at Bulldog and asked him if I could talk with him
alone. I think Keith and Rusty both knew what was up because they both
decided to go out food shopping at that point so that Bulldog and me were
left alone in the house.

"I think we might want to 'talk' downstairs, maybe, son. How does that suit
you?" Bulldog asked, lettin' me know that he knew exactly what this 'talk'
was about.

"That's just fine with me. Lemme get naked and I'll be right down." I said.

I went up to what was now Keith and my room and hurriedly stripped out of
my uniform and went down to the playroom naked. Bulldog was sitting on the
edge of the leather covered platform waiting for me.

"So whatcha want to talk about, son?" he asked.

"Ahh...I think you already know, sir." I said.

I couldn't help the 'sir'. It was like some kind of fuckin' 'aura' around
him. Like he automatically deserved that mark of respect. I'd known several
long-term non-coms in the Corps and that had the same kind of thing about
them.

"I just can't get you to drop the 'sir', can I, son?" he grinned at me.

"Bulldog, I try. I really do. But you gotta know that you just have this
'thing' about you. It's like I can't ever forget what you were because it's
part of the man you are." I said.

He looked at me for several moments and then he smiled gently at me.

"Thank you, son. That's really a very nice thing to hear. I really just
want to make sure that there's not any 'walls' between us. I don't want you
bein' intimidated by me. I want us to really get to know each other and be
at least friends. You know, of course, that each of the family has talked
to me about you. They all tell me that you're a really great guy. I know
you have some respect for me, but I don't want that gettin' in the way of
us being friends." he said.

"No, sir. I don't want that either." I said.

"Now I've noticed that you came to me last. I'm thinkin' that you had some
concerns about bein' with me. Did you and Jeff discuss what it's like
between me and him?" he asked.

"Yes, sir. We did." I said.

"So tell me what's bothered you. I hope you're not afraid of me?" he asked.

"Actually, sir, I am. But not the way you're probably thinkin'." I said.

"Okay, then you tell me about it." he said.

"I can see that you're a lot like me. You tend to be somewhat dominant,
right?" I asked.

"Yeah. I guess that's true. However, I ain't opposed to bein' a bottom at
times." he smiled.

"I'm the same way, sir. Love takin' a studs cock up my ass or suckin' on
his cock but that ain't what I'm talkin' about." I said.

"No. I didn't suppose it was. You're talkin' about other things. More when
it comes to feelin' and such. Am I right?" he asked.

"Yes, sir. I mean, I never did what I did with Jeff with another guy in my
whole life. It was an incredible experience but Jeff is real gentle about
how he exerts his strength, if you can understand that." I said.

"Yes, son. I can. And you're thinkin' that I'm not so gentle about it. That
I tend to be a little more forceful. Maybe more then a little and you're
afraid that it's gonna make you real uncomfortable or that you'll react
against it. Have I got it about right, son?" he asked.

"Yes, sir. That's part of it." I answered. "The other part is that I still
want your respect, sir.  Afterwards."

"Son, do I respect Jeff?" he asked.

"Yes, sir. It would appear that you do." I answered.

"So why wouldn't I respect you?" he asked.

"I don't know, sir. I didn't say any of this stuff was logical." I said.

"No, I guess it's not, is it?" he chucked. "Tack, stop worryin' about stuff
so much, boy! I want you to do something. I want you to trust me, okay?"

"Okay." I said, not knowin' what he was gonna do.

He moved up onto the platform and lay there, his head resting on one of the
bolster pillows.

"Come 'ere, son." he said, indicating beside him.

I moved up onto the platform and lay down next to him but with a little
distance between us.

"No, son. I mean right here with me." he said gently. "I want you to lay
with your head on my arm."

I curled up to him, my head on his bicep and his arm came around me holding
me gently. The scent of him surrounded me - warm, strong and masculine. He
turned towards me and his other arm came around until he was holding me
just the way I remembered my Dad holding me when I was a little kid. But
that's all he did. He just held me.

"Now I want you to close your eyes. Trust me! Just close them and let
yourself feel. Ain't nothin' else gonna happen right now. Okay?" his voice
was deep and low, barely above a whisper.

I closed my eyes. I let myself feel what was happening, just like he
said. All of a sudden, the memories of my Dad started flooding back. All
the times that I wanted him to hold me like this and he was too stoned out
on junk or he was 'jonesing' real bad for a fix. All the times I was just a
scared little kid but I couldn't show it - not to anybody! Afraid to let
anyone know how afraid I really was for fear that they'd somehow take
advantage of me for that fear! Nobody to turn to!

Then I felt myself tremblin', shakin' in his arms and I wanted to get away
- run away! Get as far away from him as I could so I wouldn't disgrace
myself! But he held me. He was a strong motherfucker and there was no way I
was gettin' out of his arms without a real fight - a fight I just didn't
have in me at that point!

"Calm down, son. It's okay. I'm here. I've got ya and I ain't gonna let you
go. Whatever demons are inside you, boy, you just let go of them." he said.

Demons? Yeah. That's what he said, demons. I guess you could look at them
that way. Demons that made me lock myself away inside myself and not get to
close to other people. Even guys I was havin' sex with. The only times I'd
been able to break through those walls were with Tommy, Keith and with
Jeff. Jeff was the one that was really different. He'd gotten deeper into
me than anybody had in a way. Somethin' about the way he 'handled' me that
night. It was like I had been looking for somethin' for a long time without
knowin' it. I know, if it hadn't been for Keith, I would have never been
able to open up to Jeff that way though. Being in love with Keith had begun
to change everything inside me. Empty places were starting to get filled,
dark places were starting to have light blasted into them.

Now, this. Memories of my Dad. Longing for his warmth, his touch. Needing
to feel him holding me, making everything all right. But it had never
happened. Or almost never. He was never 'there' when I needed him - really
needed him - because he was too locked up in his own addiction to be there
for anybody. I grew up missing that part. That didn't mean I stopped
wanting it. It just meant that I'd pushed it down inside of me and refused
to look at it or think about it.

Layin' there in Bulldog's arms, I finally relaxed and stopped shakin'. He
arms around me became more comfortable and I settled further into them. His
scent was strong, now that we were this close and it was comforting. It
also surprised me! It was that same thing that happened with Keith and
Jeff. Somethin' about Bulldog's scent smelled 'sweet' to me, somehow. Jeff
had said it was love. Could that be? Was I really feelin' love for Bulldog?
And in what way?

What way?! Fuck! That was startin' to become pretty obvious! Somehow all
the needs I had locked away that I wanted fulfilled by my Dad seemed to be
comin' out, hopin' that Bulldog would be able to fill them. I didn't know
what the fuck to think about that! And, maybe Bulldog was right. Maybe I
needed to stop thinkin' so much and just go with my feelings.

"Yeah, that's better son. Get comfortable. We ain't gonna do nothing else
until you let me know you wanna go further. Okay?" he asked.

"Mmm." I murmured and nodded my head against him, settling in closer to him
and resting my head against his strong chest as well.

I could do that! I could just lay here and get comfortable in this strong
man's arms. I could just let everything go away and just lay here, feelin'
warm and protected. Yeah! I could do that!

"There. That's better, ain't it?" Bulldog asked quietly.

I nodded again, not trusting talking. I lay there, surrounded by the warmth
and strength of his body and his scent feelin' just like a little boy
again. Feelin' safe and protected. I knew it wasn't somethin' that a
supposedly grown man was supposed to want or need but I was startin' to
believe that maybe, just maybe, that idea was bullshit! Maybe everybody
needed it! Jeff was sure a grown man - a man I loved and respected and he
said he needed it. Keith turned to me for it. I could tell how he would
curl up to me and sleep with his head on my arm or on my chest. Now, after
all these years, it was happenin' for me. Just like it should have when I
was a little boy.

But unlike when I was a little boy, my cock started to get really hard and
was pressin' against Bulldog's body. And I could then feel his rarin' up
like it was answerin' mine. I can't imagine that happenin' with my Dad
except that Jeff had asked me about that. About whether I'd ever 'wanted'
him. I had but I was too young to know what to do about it. Or even know
what to do!  But now, this was different. Here was a man who could well be
my Dad and he was offerin' me anything that I wanted. I opened my eyes and
looked up at him.

"Bulldog..." I said quietly, my voice almost like a boy's.

"Yes, son?" he asked, smiling down at me.

"Would you...uhh...would you make love to me?" I asked hesitantly.

"With the greatest pleasure, son." he grinned.

Then his mouth came down on mine and began kissing me passionately. For the
second time in my life, I felt myself letting go, surrendering to another
male. This time was easier. Much easier.  And, just like the time with
Jeff, it felt so fuckin' good! It wasn't somethin' that I was gonna want
all the time, but it was sure as fuck good to know that it was here when I
needed it! And I was rapidly gettin' over the idea that it was weak to need
it, too!

Bulldog made love to me with a passion and a tenderness that was completely
fuckin' mind- blowing to me! The passion I could imagine, the tenderness I
couldn't! It was like he knew the state I was in - knew how fragile I was
feelin' inside. Just like a little boy again but this time with a real man!
A man who was 'there' for me. Through his love-making, Bulldog let me know
that he would be there for me whenever I needed him! Jeff was right. Guys
say a lot with our bodies rather than our mouths!

When it was over, I lay in his arms, so complete, so fulfilled, my cum
gluing us together and then it happened! I started crying! All that pain
I'd felt over my father for so long came pouring out!  At first I was so
fuckin' embarrassed but then Bulldog just put his arms gently around me and
held me until I got it all out.

"Feel better now?" he asked when I had finally calmed down.

"Yeah." I admitted. "Feel stupid, but better."

"What do you feel stupid about? You don't believe that shit about men not
cryin' do ya?! Fuck, son! It takes a brave man to cry - to face his
feelings and let them out! I don't think you're stupid!  I think you're a
man who's faced a lot of pain in his life and just held it in too long!
You've got to be a strong son-of-a-bitch because a lot of guys, faced with
that kind of pain either turn to drugs or become vicious and violent. I saw
them all the time in the Corps. Weeded a lot of them out, too! We don't
need their kind in the Corps. Can't be trusted to hold up under battle
conditions." he said.

"Really?!" I asked.

"Yeah, son. Really. A man who cannot deal with his personal demons can come
apart under pressure. You can't have that on a battlefield." Bulldog said
to me.

"Thank you, Bulldog." I said.

"Son, you got nothin' to thank me for. I should be thankin' you for the
trust you've shown me.  I'll make you the same deal I have with Jeff...you
ever need this again, you come see me - anytime." he said, smiling at me.

"I'll do that, sir! Trust me! I'll do just exactly that!" I said, smiling
back.

When he got home with Rusty, I know Keith noticed the red rings around my
eyes but he didn't say a word. Didn't ask any questions. I loved that about
him! He trusted me to tell him what I felt I needed to tell him and when
without pryin'. He understood that each man has to have some privacy to his
thoughts and feelin's and I tried to do the same for him.

That night, when we went up to our room, I took him in my arms and just
held him for a while.  He seemed to be very content to lay there. It was
then that I felt like talkin'.

"I know you noticed that I'd been cryin' before." I said quietly.

"Yeah. I noticed. I figured you'd talk about it when you were ready. It
ain't nothin' bad, is it?" he asked.

"Nah! Nothin' bad. Just somethin' that happened with Bulldog. Kinda like
what happened with you and me. He touched some things down inside me that
were buried a long time ago." I said.

"About your Dad?" he asked.

I was shocked!

"Well...yeah! How did you know?" I asked.

"Because, for some reason, Bulldog is the 'Unofficial Dad' for all of
us. Well, all but Rusty. He's helped me deal with losin' my Dad and I know
that there's a kind of father/son relationship with Jeff. I guess now with
you, too?" he smiled.

"Yeah. With me, too. He's really good at it, ain't he?" I asked.

"Yeah, he really is. You'd never guess from that gruff Marine exterior that
he had all that tenderness inside him, would you?" Keith said.

"No, you wouldn't. But I kinda knew it from when he put his arms around
me. It was in his scent." I said.

"In his scent?! What do you mean?" Keith asked, confused.

I told him about what happened with Jeff and then with Bulldog. What I had
noticed with him as well.

"Really?! That's incredible! And really cool! So my scent smells sweet to
you, huh?" he grinned.

"Yeah. It really does!" I grinned back.

"Then maybe you'd like to smell more of it?" he gave me a sexy grin.

We were not asleep for a couple of hours after that!

I was being 'mustered out' of the Marine Corps the next day and it was
decided that Bulldog would come with his truck and pick me up, moving my
stuff to the house finally. That morning before he dropped me off at the
base, Keith and I talked about it and I told him I was now ready to get
together in the playroom with everybody in the family. Keith said we would
do it that evening - kind of a 'Welcome To The Family Party'!

As Bulldog and I put my stuff in the back of his truck, he grinned at me.

"So! You're ready to take us all on, huh?" he said, a twinkle in his eyes.

"Yes, sir! Thanks to you and Jeff and Rusty. I figure it's about time I
started to enjoy all the 'perks' of this family!" I laughed.

"Well, you're a fuckin' welcome addition!" Bulldog grinned and it was like
being handed the Congressional Medal of Honor!

"Thanks, Bulldog! Just like the vows I made when I entered the Corps, I
promise never to do anything that would jeopardize or dishonor the family."
I said, meaning it.

"I know that, son. Glad to know that you feel that way!" he smiled. "Let's
go home!"

"Oh, fuck! I love the sound of that! 'Home'!" I grinned and hopped into the
truck.

That night, after dinner, all five of my new family conducted me to the
basement playroom.  Someone - I bet either Mike or Keith or both - had
placed dozens of thick candles all over the room and that was the only
light there except for the small spotlights on the platform and they had
been turned down very low so that there was just a soft glow coming from
the black leather.

They placed me in the very center of the platform and Keith started by
straddling my abs and gently massaging my chest. Then I felt another pair
of hands stroking my thigh. I looked and it was Jeff, smiling at me. Then I
felt the other thigh being massaged and it was Mike. Then my right arm was
taken in strong hands and was being massaged. It was Rusty grinning down at
me.  Finally, I looked over just as Bulldog took my left arm and began to
massage it. There I lay - each part of my body being massaged and my cock
bone hard and drippin' cock-snot onto my abs. I could smell the heavy scent
of man-sweat comin' from all five of them and myself and I loved the scent
of it! It was the smell of men! But it was also the smell of 'family'!

Keith leaned over and kissed me deeply and our tongues battled for a
while. When he pulled his face away from mine, he got up off my abs and he
and Jeff changed places. Jeff then leaned over and kissed me as well. This
went on in order until Bulldog was leanin' over me kissing me. It was an
incredible experience as each of them 'welcomed' me.

"You belong to us now, son. And we all belong to you. You can pick tonight
what you want to do or you can trust us and let us lead you. It's up to
you." he said.

"I want you all to lead me!" I said.

He smiled. This was the answer I knew he wanted to hear from me but it was
the answer I wanted to give as well! I wanted to let go and let the
'family' take over. And take over they did!

First, each one of them sat on my face and let me eat their ripe, raunchy
butts. Each man squatted over my face and let me smell and lick their sweat
and assjuice laden cracks, tasting the tangy, salty taste of man-ass! Then
the opened up and allowed my tongue to drill deep inside their holes,
tasting the darker, richer musk inside their asses while my tongue licked
the smooth inner walls of their rectums. The tastes and smells were makin'
my cock harder and harder and my abs were fuckin' drippin' with my cock
snot by the time the last one, Bulldog, got up off my face. Keith went down
and licked up all the cock-snot, grinnin' at me while he did.

They then placed me on all fours - doggy style and while each of them
presented their uncut cocks to smell, suck and eat their smegma, they each
- in turn - feasted at my fuckin' hole so that by the time they were done,
my mouth tasted and smelled like fuckin' smegma and my ass was so loose
that all I could think about was gettin' fucked!

I guess they figured that because the next thing I knew, Keith was slidin'
his lubed up cock into my hole and Jeff was backin' his ass up to my face
to eat while Keith laid pipe in my hole! But not for long. He pumped me
maybe ten times and then withdrew. Then Jeff went behind me and shoved his
cock in my hole while Rusty backed up to my face and presented his ass for
further eatin'. Jeff pulled out after about the same number of pumps and
Rusty went to take his place with Bulldog giving me his butt to eat
out. Then, when Bulldog went to take Rusty's place, Keith presented his ass
to me for eatin'.

I thought I was gonna cum any moment but Bulldog knew exactly what he was
doin'. He pumped me but reached down and locked his thumb and forefinger
around my cock to keep me from shootin'. I groaned into Keith's ass in
frustration but loved it all the same!

They then turned me over onto my back again and all gathered around me,
Bulldog above my head, Jeff and Mike to the right of me and Keith and Rusty
to the left. All jackin' their hard cocks. Within a few strokes they all
came all over me, makin' a huge mess of cum all over my chest and abs which
Keith then started scooping up with his fingers and feeding me! I swallowed
every bit he gave me and even licked his fingers to get more! Then they all
looked down at me.

"You're turn, son!" Bulldog said.

I grabbed my hard cock and began to rapidly pump my hand up and down -
jackin' myself off in front of all of them. It took maybe five pumps of my
hand for me to scream out and blow my load all over my face, chest and abs!
I must have shot ten times for all the jizz I ended up covered with! When I
finished they all leaned down and started licking every bit of my cum up!
Before too long, my body was clean of any possible cum and they were all
grinnin' at me.

"Now just one more initiation, son!" Bulldog grinned and they helped me up
and led me to the shower.

Oh, Fuck! I knew what was cummin'! And I couldn't wait! They had me kneel
while all five of them surrounded me, holding their softening but still
bloated cocks. As if on cue, they all began to blast me with their hot,
yellow piss! I opened my mouth and began to drink from each other five
streams that were drenching me in man-piss! I tasted each one of them,
drinking to my hearts content! Fuck! What I had been missin' by not doing
this before! Finally their streams, one by one, began to give out and I
sucked each of their cocks to get the last of their piss and to shove my
tongue inside their hoods to get errant drops that I had inadvertently
missed! Then it was my turn!

I stood up and they all knelt in a line, first Keith, followed by Jeff,
Mike, Rusty and finally Bulldog. I walked down the line letting each one of
them have a blast of my piss in their mouth to taste. Then I stood before
them and began pissing on all of them, playing my piss across their
bodies. When I was done, they all stood up and we engaged in a 'group hug',
pressing our piss- covered bodies against each other. By the time this was
done, there were six hardons waving in the air and they took me back to the
platform where we broke into two groups of three. Group one was Mike Jeff
and Bulldog while the second group was Keith, Rusty and me. I wasn't
exactly was going to happen then but I soon found out!

Keith got down on his back and Rusty lubed up his hole and sat down on
Keith's hard cock, his back to me. I looked over and Mike was doing the
same to Jeff while Bulldog watched from behind him. Both Mike and Rusty
began ridin' the cock they were sittin' on and I could tell that what they
were doin' is gettin' themselves opened up. Once they had, they stopped. It
was then that what was goin' on became clear to me when Bulldog moved
forward and started workin' his cock up his son's ass! Mike was gettin'
'double fucked' by his Dad and his lover at the same time!

I looked down at Rusty's hole, filled with my lover's cock and moved
forward. Rusty turned his head and smiled at me while I pushed my cock into
his hole on top of Keith's! Fuck! Did it feel hot and tight up Rusty's
talented butt with Keith's hard cock already in there! I started fuckin'
Rusty and Keith did, too! We soon had a rhythm where I was movin' my cock
into Rusty's well stuffed hole while Keith was pullin' his back so that we
were not only fuckin' Rusty's ass but each other's cock at the same time!
Soon the room was filled with masculine groans which turned to shouts of
ecstasy as one by one we all came - almost in unison! It was the most
incredible fuck I'd ever had!

Because of my 'special status' for the evening, I was again placed on my
back and Rusty and Mike, in turn, sat on my face and let me eat the cum out
of their filled butts! Fuck! The amount of ass-flavored cum I ate would
have made dinner! Rusty then got down and used his mouth to clean off the
cocks that had been up his butt - namely mine and Keith's - while Mike did
the same for Bulldog and Jeff.

Needless to say, this party went on for hours! At one point, I had my fist
up Rusty while Bulldog fucked my butt, Keith ate my cock, and Jeff stood
over us and pissed right in my mouth while Mike ate his butt! Then I stood
and pissed in Bulldog's mouth while he fisted his lover, Keith fucked
Bulldog and Mike ate his Dad's cock and Jeff ate my ass!

The last of the evening came with me layin' in the middle of the platform
again. This time Rusty, Bulldog, Mike and Keith just watched as Jeff slowly
made love to me, just as we had done alone.  Again I found myself
surrendering to the big, former Marine and I lost all awareness but anyone
but Jeff and me. When I finally came, I could hardly believe I had any cum
left in me but Jeff's huge cock pumped more out of me. When we came down
from our 'high' of loving each other and Jeff's mouth left mine it was to
the sound of the other four men all applauding and cheering the
'performance' we had given.

I went to bed that night in bed with Mike and Jeff, all curled up to each
other. Sometime in the night, Jeff who was behind me, again slipped his
hard cock up my butt and I did the same to Keith who was spooned to me and
Keith did the same to Mike who's ass was spooned to his cock! When we had
cum, we all turned over and ate the ass of the guy who had fucked us before
going back to sleep!

The next morning, they all took me downstairs and got in the shower. I
noticed that someone, I never found out who but I suspect Bulldog, tied a
yellow ribbon to the last showerhead, the one that was now mine. They
showed me the morning ritual with all of us pissin' on the one who's turn
it was to receive the multiple golden shower that morning - it turned out
to be Jeff. Then Jeff pissed on all of us. We turned on the showers and
spent a lot of time cleaning each other - me and Keith, Jeff and Mike,
Bulldog and Rusty.

Life, after that night and day, did nothing but get better. I had decided
to go to school to study computer repair and after two years, I graduated
and Jeff and I started our own business. We soon had almost more than we
could handle when, through contacts that Bulldog still had in the Corps, we
got hired to handle the computers for all the personal computers on the
base at Camp Pendleton! We didn't work on the base's computers, they were
handled by Marine Corps personnel, but any Marine that had a personal
computer - and there were a lot of those! - that needed repair, it came to
us or we went to them.

The business was really keeping us hopping and we were thinking about
hiring another tech to help us when Tommy called me one day and asked me to
meet him at his place over the garage when I got off work. I rolled in
about five o'clock, went into the house to see Keith and say hello, told
him where I was goin' and headed back to Tommy's place. He was waitin' for
me. He handed me a beer and asked me to sit down, that he had somethin' he
really needed to talk to me about.

"What's up?" I asked, takin' a pull from my beer.

"Well...it's like this. I've got problems. I've met somebody. Somebody
special." he said.

"That ain't no problem! That's wonderful!" I exclaimed. "What's his name,
where'd you meet him?" I asked.

"I met him on base. He's another Jarhead. His name's Rico. Rico
Suarez. He's Puerto Rican - from New York City. He's got the most beautiful
dark eyes and this smooth dark skin! I went ape-shit the first time I saw
him! Not to mention he's got nine fat inches with the biggest overhang of
uncut dick-flesh I've ever seen!" Tommy grinned.

"So you're in love or what?" I grinned back.

"Yeah...I am. Actually, he's in love with me, too."

"So what's the problem?" I asked.

"Well, actually, there's two problems. First of all, he wants to move in. I
want him to but I don't know how you guys feel about me movin' somebody in
here. After all, the deal was that it was gonna be just me livin' here." he
said.

"Fuck! That's not a problem! I'm sure the guys will be happy for you that
you finally found somebody! Don't worry about that!" I told him and I could
see his face light up and he visibly relaxed some. "Now, what's the other
problem?"

"Rico and I are scared. NCIS has been snoopin' around again. I think
they're gettin' ready for another 'queer hunt'. We've both had it with the
crap and we want out! We're both due to re-up in the next month and neither
of us are goin' to. I just don't know what we're gonna do about jobs!"
Tommy said, the worry evident in his voice.

I started laughing!

"What? What did I say funny?" Tommy asked, confused.

"It's just that Jeff and I have been runnin' our asses off with way too
much work for the two of us! We just last night decided we needed to hire
another tech! With your training and qualifications, you're perfect! You
can walk outa the front gate of Pendleton and walk right into a job with
us!" I said.

"Oh, fuck! You're kiddin' me! That's fuckin' great!" Tommy exclaimed, and
then he calmed down. "Well, that only leaves us findin' a job for Rico."

"What's he do now?" I asked.

"Well, his title's 'Company Clerk' but he's like the CO's right hand. He
handles all the business and paperwork and also handles payroll. He's got a
certificate in accounting." Tommy said.

"Lemme talk to Jeff. I know he's killin' himself with handling our
paperwork and bookkeeping. I can't help him because I'm shit at doing
numbers like that. Maybe we can hire Rico to handle all of it." I said.

"Oh, fuck! That would be a dream come true!" Tommy said.

We'd been runnin' the business out of the house, usin' one of the garages
for a work room for repairing the computers. Jeff and I talked about it and
we decided it was time for J&T Computers to grow. We rented a storefront
downtown in Oceanside and by the time that Tommy and Rico mustered out, we
were ready to put them to work full-time. Rico handled the office,
customers that dropped off or picked up their computers and all the
paperwork and bookkeeping. Tommy stayed in the office and worked on the
computers that came in or that couldn't be fixed on site while Jeff and I
did all the site calls. Within a year, we were makin' more money that Jeff
and I ever dreamed of!

In the mean time, Keith finished school and got his masters degree in
social work. Ended up workin' with abused kids, just like he'd been. It was
tough work, but he loved it! It could be really emotionally draining for
him though. But he had five other guys to come to when he needed his
'emotional batteries' recharged! Same for each of us. I know that over the
years, my relationship with Keith, Jeff and Bulldog just grew deeper and
deeper. I also got very close with Mike and finally actually was able to
let down my walls with Rusty and he with me!

Everything was going along great. Then, one day, Tommy came to me.

"Tack, can I talk to you about somethin'?" he asked.

"Sure, buddy! You can talk to me about anything! You know that?" I smiled
at him.

"I've never asked about this and maybe it's none of my fuckin' business
but...well...Rico and I were havin' this talk the other night
and...well...we were wonderin'..." he broke off.

"Wonderin' about what, buddy?" I asked.

"Well...about your 'family'. Rico said that, from what he'd seen, that
maybe you guys are a little more than just friends. Is that true?" he
asked.

"Well...that all depends on what you mean, Tommy. Yeah, we're more than
friends in that we really are 'family' to each other. There's nothin' I
wouldn't do for them or them for me. Is that what you mean?" I asked.

"Well...kinda...but Rico says he thinks that you guys...well...that you all
get it on with each other." Tommy said very quietly.

"Before I answer that, why don't you tell me exactly how this discussion
came up?" I asked.

"Me and Rico, we just got talkin' about...well...about how really
attractive you guys are...I mean we like each of you. A lot. And, well, as
much as we love each other...after a few years, sex can get a little boring
between ya, if you get what I mean." he said and I could see the discomfort
on his face.

"And you were thinkin' that you both would like to get it on with us...if
we did that sort of thing.  Is that what you're drivin' at?" I smiled.

"Well...yeah." he said.

"Look, Tommy...what Rico supposed...well, it's true. We do get it on all
together and even pair up with each other. It's not that we don't love our
partners but we really do love all the others as well. Now, I can't speak
for anybody else but I'd love to have you both join us but there's a couple
of problems here. First of all, that would have to be decided by all the
family. I can't go and make decisions for them. And it would have to be
unanimous." I said.

"Yeah, I can understand that." Tommy said.

"That part's probably easy. We all know you and Rico and we really like
both of you - not to mention that it has not passed notice what total hunks
you both are!" I laughed and Tommy blushed. "But Tommy, we play pretty
dirty. You know the kind of stuff I'm into - mansmells, piss, that sort of
thing. As I remember, you won't lick a butt unless it's just come outa the
shower. We don't play that way, Tommy." I said.

"Well...uhh...Rico's kinda changed that in me." he said, blushing.

"Huh?"

"The first night we had sex, Rico sat his ripe butt down on my face and I
loved it! I loved the scent and taste of him! I found out finally what it
was you got outa all the raunch! God! I love the smegma he makes under his
hood and I love to taste his piss and feel it hittin' my body! Rico is as
raunchy as you are!" he laughed. "And, I guess so am I!"

"I noticed that you two were a little ripe when I'd get near ya, but I
loved the scent so much, I never said anything!" I laughed.

"Yeah. We like it that way! By the way, buddy. I sure the fuck love your
scent as well!" he smiled.

I talked to the guys and, as I suspected, they were all for inviting Rico
and Tommy to play with us. It was quite a night the first time all eight of
us got together. Tommy had never seen anybody fisted before and ended up
with his fist up Rusty gettin' his first fisting experience. Rico loved
gettin's double fucked and he got it from Mike and Bulldog and then from
Jeff and me! There was piss flyin' everywhere and cocks poundin' butt holes
and mouths, tongues lickin' out pits and assholes and everywhere the sounds
of happy males fuckin' their brains out!

Tommy and Rico didn't exactly move in with us, but they're at our place a
lot and even end up sleepin' with us on occasion when they're too tired to
even go back to their apartment over the garage when we've all fucked
ourselves into exhaustion! The most wonderful experience though was the
night that I took Tommy to our bedroom while Rico went to play with Keith,
Bulldog, Rusty, Jeff and Mike down in the playroom. I made love to Tommy,
just the two of us and I could feel him surrendering to me, just the way I
love to do with Jeff and Bulldog. It was a tender, wonderful moment between
us that I will never forget. Actually, I can't forget it because about once
a month, Tommy comes to me and asks for us to be alone. I know what he's
askin' for and I'm always proud that it's me he comes to for it.

Actually the most interesting time for us happened about a month
ago. Jeff's Dad and all four of his brothers came to visit us for a week!
It was an incredible 'reunion'! It was the first time that Bulldog finally
got to meet Jeff's Dad and ended up in an incredibly tender encounter
between them and then between the two of them along with their son's Jeff
and Mike. But there was constant sex with all the brothers and all of us
including Rico and Tommy! When all fourteen of us ended up in the playroom,
it was an incredible orgy! We're planning next year for all of us to go and
visit them in Nebraska!

Now, our life ain't probably for a lot of guys. A lot of guys get too
possessive and can't deal with our rule of 'No Jealousy'. I feel sorry for
them. I know that Keith loves me and it doesn't bother me at all that he
also loves the rest of us. Just the same as I do. Just the same as each of
us does.  That's what 'family' is all about to us. I hope you find the love
and happiness in your own life that we've found in each other.

The End of Chapter Twenty Nine of MARINE HERO

and

THE END OF MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sat, 28 Feb 2004 19:49:04 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 28

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Eight - Surrender Without Defeat

I woke up the next morning with Keith in my arms again. I didn't expect
anything that simple to feel so fuckin' good - but it sure did! Fuck! The
feel of his body, the scent of him, the way his head lay in the crook of my
arm - so vulnerable, so trusting - just about ripped my guts out with the
feeling! This was the part of love that I never knew existed. The only
thing I knew is I wanted this! I wanted this more than anything I ever
wanted in my whole life! I wanted to wake up every morning with him in my
arms and I would do anything to see that happen!

When Keith dropped me off at the base, I immediately sought out Tommy who
still seemed somewhat down. I knew why. He thought he saw our friendship
coming to an end. I hoped Bulldog's solution would fix that. I was pretty
sure it would, but you never knew! Maybe Tommy wouldn't go for it?

"Hey, buddy! How are you?" I asked.

"I'm okay, Tack." he said but didn't sound it.

"You sound down, buddy. Anything wrong?" I asked.

"Oh, no. Nothin' wrong, Tack! How could anything be wrong? You've found the
love of your life and you're gone all the time. Nothin' wrong!" he said
bitterly.

"Well...you know what I think, buddy?" I asked him.

"No, Tack. What do you think?" he said, somewhat sarcastically.

"I think you spend too much fuckin' time on base! I think what you need is
to move off base into your own place." I said, ignoring the sarcasm.

"Oh, yeah! Right, Tack! Like I could fuckin' afford that!" he blazed at
me. "Remember how fuckin' long we been tryin' to find a place we could
afford and even with our two salaries we couldn't swing it along with a car
- which we'd need to make it back to the base for work! Some solution,
buddy!"

"Well, lemme ask you somethin', Tommy, my boy! You got enough for a car?" I
asked.

"Yeah. But it don't do me no good! So I get a car? So what? I still don't
have no place to move to!" he said.

"Maybe yesterday you didn't but today you sure as fuck do!" I grinned.

"What the fuck you talkin' about?" he asked.

"How about a one bedroom apartment that the only cost is the electric and
the phone - oh, and cable if you want it?" I asked.

"Huh? No rent?! How?" he asked.

"Well, you see, it's like this...I have an 'in' with the landlord." I
grinned.

"Wait a minute! Where the fuck is this apartment?" he asked.

"Over some garages." I said, playing coy.

"Over some garages WHERE?" he insisted.

"In Oceanside." I continued to stall.

"WHERE in Oceanside?!" he was almost screaming.

"Over the garages behind the house where I'll be living with Keith and his
family." I said finally.

His jaw dropped open and his eyes went about as wide as silver dollars! He
was so funny looking, I couldn't help but laughing!

"FUCKIN' SHIT!!! You're kiddin', right?!" he finally screamed.

"No! And keep you voice down! The whole fuckin' base doesn't have to know!"
I said.

"Oh, fuck! Tack! Why...ahh...how...uhh..." he sputtered.

"I had a talk with Bulldog last night and he..." I started to say.

"Bulldog?" Tommy interrupted.

"Yeah, Bulldog. You'll meet him. Was a master sergeant in the Corps for 30
years. He's one of the guys that helped rescue Keith. Anyway, Bulldog
said..."

"What's this about 'rescued Keith'? Rescued him from what?" Tommy
interrupted again.

"Rescued him from his fuckin' step-father who was abusin' him! Now, you
gonna listen to me or what?!" I growled.

"I'm sorry." he said contritely.

"Anyway, Bulldog said that the apartment was just sittin' there. Nobody
ever used it and he never figured out exactly what to do with it. I told
him how I hated the fact that, no matter how much I love Keith, you
wouldn't be around anymore once I left Pendleton. That I'd miss your ugly
mug.  So he suggested offering you the apartment. You have to clean it up
and paint it yourself and stuff, but it's yours for as long as you want
it. So whadda ya say?" I asked.

"Wadda I say!?! FUCK!!! I say that I want to move tomorrow!" Tack screamed
out in excitement.

"Well, I guess if you go buy a car today, you can do just that!" I laughed.

"Tack," he said, suddenly getting quiet and serious. "You sure you want
this? I mean, I don't want to get in the way with you and Keith. I wouldn't
do anything to mess this up for you, buddy! I can see how much you're in
love." he said.

"Tommy, you ain't my 'best friend' - you've been the only friend I ever
had! Yeah, I love Keith and I fuckin' plan to spend the rest of my fuckin'
life with him but that don't mean I'm gonna forget you! I mean, it was
rippin' my guts out tryin' to figure out some way to keep you close to me
and still be Keith's lover. Keith understood it, too! That's how I ended up
going to Bulldog. It was Keith told me to do it!" I said.

"Keith did that? For me?! But he doesn't even know me?!" Tommy said,
confused.

"He doesn't need to, buddy! He knows you're my friend. That's all he needed
to know. You're gonna love him when you meet him and he's gonna love you!
Trust me!" I promised him.

"Tack, I don't know how to say this without it comin' out all mushy and
shit but...man, I really do love you. You're the only real friend I've ever
had, too! I thought I'd done lost you and it was tearin' me up inside,
buddy! I don't know how to thank you for this!" Tommy said

"Tommy! Buddy! You don't have to thank me! I did this as much for me as for
you! I couldn't go losin' my little buddy! My fuckin' 'Twin', now could I?"
I grinned.

"Ahh! Man!" he said and fuck if he didn't start blushin'!

"Hey, you go make a deal on a car today and I want you to come to the house
tomorrow night and meet Keith and his family. Okay?" I said.

"Yeah! You got it, buddy!"

Well, Tommy ended up buyin' him a truck. And not a used one, either. Got a
brand new Ford F- 150. Sweet vehicle! He came over the next night and met
all the guys. To say he was impressed with the four studs would be puttin'
it mildly! He couldn't stop starin' at all that studliness the whole time
he was there. And, of course, he really loved Keith. I knew he would. And,
Keith liked him. By the time Tommy drove back to the barracks that night
(and I stayed with Keith) I was about the happiest son-of-a-bitch in
Oceanside and Camp Pendleton combined!  I had somethin' that I wanted to
talk over with Keith, though. And as he lay in my arms after I fucked him
good that night, I brought it up.

"Babe, can we talk about somethin'?" I asked him.

"Sure, Tack! We can talk about anything you want to talk about. What's on
your mind?" he asked, smiling up at me.

"I wanna talk about the family 'thing'." I said.

"Okay. What about it?" he asked.

"Now, it ain't like I ain't done three ways and such before. But those were
always with complete strangers. I think that's what's botherin' me about
this." I said.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well...I mean, I been tryin' to get my head around havin' sex with them
all as a group and that's what's given me trouble. There's just a part of
me that kinda wants the first time I have sex with any of them to be just
him and me. One on one. Is that gonna cause problems? Is that gonna bother
you?" I asked.

"Tack, rule number two! No Jealousy - remember? No, it won't bother me or
anybody else! I didn't even think about that and I should have! I'm just so
used to havin' sex every which way with them that it didn't even dawn on
me! After all, the first time I had sex with Mike it was us alone. I don't
see that it would be a problem. Uhh...have you thought about who you'd like
to get it on with first?" he asked.

"Yeah. I didn't have to think about it. Just somethin' kind of hit me the
first time I saw him and I said to myself that he would be the one that I
wanted to get it on with the most. Other than you, that is." I smiled.

"Who is it?" he asked.

"Uhh...Jeff." I said.

"Well! That's quite a choice! Any particular reason?" he asked, curiously.

"No...well...I don't know. It's just the first time I saw him, somethin'
like passed between us. I don't know what it was but it was like a
connection...ya know?" I said, feeling stupid tryin' to explain this when I
didn't much understand it myself.

"Yes, I do know. Kind of what like what I felt the first time I saw Mike. I
knew I wanted him more than anything. I knew it wasn't as a lover but
something. Yeah. I think I do understand. So, would you like me to arrange
it?" I asked.

"Uhh...you'd do that?! You wouldn't mind?" I asked, shocked.

"No Jealousy, remember. Tack, I would love to do it for you! I know you
could do it yourself but by me doing it, it will answer any questions Jeff
might have about how I'm feeling about this.  Does that make sense?" he
asked.

"Yeah. It does." I answered.

"So when do you want me to arrange for it?" he asked.

"Would tomorrow be too soon? I want to 'strike while the iron is hot' - so
to say. Before I chicken out!" I laughed.

"I can do that! Besides, it will give me a chance to get together with the
rest of the guys down in the playroom while you and Jeff are up here. I
haven't been with them since we met." he said.

"You what?!" I exclaimed. "You haven't been with them at all!?!"

"No, Tack. Until you were comfortable enough with the situation, I decided
that I would be exclusively yours. Now that you're willing to reach out and
begin being with them, that allows me to be, too!" he said.

"Shit! They must hate my guts!" I said.

"No! They don't! They understood completely! We talked about it after I
took you back to the base that first morning. Trust me, they were not upset
at all. They were happy for me that I'd found you." he said.

"Okay. But shit! I'm glad I figured this all out quick!" I said.

"Yes! I think they will be, too!" he smiled.

So the next night, when Keith brought me home, Jeff was waitin' for me,
naked as usual, all alone in the kitchen. Keith left us alone after sayin'
hello to Jeff and went downstairs. Me and Jeff stood there lookin' at each
other for a few minutes, neither one of us sayin' a word. I don't know what
it was. I mean, I'm pretty confident in a sexual situation but this time,
somethin' was different. I didn't feel like I was the one in charge and I
didn't quite know what I was supposed to do! Then Jeff smiled at me! Oh,
fuck! His smile was as bright as Keith's! It was like the fuckin' sun was
turned on in the room! He reached out and took my hand and led me silently
upstairs.  This time to the bedroom that Keith told me he shared with Mike.

It was so strange. I stood there next to the bed, like a fuckin' virgin!
Like I'd never had sex before and didn't know what to do! Jeff reached up
and started to unbutton my fatigue shirt. I went to help him but he gently
pushed my hands away.

"Let me do it." he said softly, his voice deep and masculine.

I thought that was a great idea! Let him do it! For the first time in my
life, I was letting another guy take the lead! Even when guys had fucked
me, I had always taken the lead, been in charge.  This time wasn't like
that. That's what felt so different about it! I wanted Jeff to take
charge. I didn't know why! It just felt 'right' that way! It had never felt
right before, but it did with Jeff.

He soon had me undressed, though I took off my own boots and socks. Then
Jeff got onto the bed and reached out his hand to me. I took it and got
into bed with him, feeling his arms wrap around me, just the way I would
have done. It wasn't that Jeff was 'bigger' than me. We actually had about
the same sized bodies. But he was a bit older than me and for some reason,
I felt comfortable letting him take the lead, be in charge. I settled into
his arms, my head resting on his massive bicep, looking up at him.

"Thank you for this, Tack." he said, quietly, his deep voice sending
thrills through me.

"I...I wanted you." I said simply.

"And I wanted you. I think we both knew that the first night." he smiled.

"Yeah. I felt somethin' between us." I said.

"This is new for you, isn't it?" he smiled down at me.

"Yeah...it is." I said.

We didn't need to say what. We both knew.

"We'll take it slow. If it gets uncomfortable for you, you let me know,
okay?" he said.

"Yeah. But it won't. I want this! I don't know why. I've never wanted this
with a guy before." I said.

"We all need this sometimes in our lives." he said quietly. "To lay back in
another man's arms.  Let him take charge. Surrender to him."

"Who do you...?" I faltered. Maybe it wasn't any of my business.

"Bulldog." he said simply, smiled and then added. "And my own Dad."

"You get it on with your Dad?!" I asked.

"Ever since my last visit home. That was a couple of years ago." he smiled.

"Oh." I said.

"I know you lost your Dad, Tack. But, did you ever think about...well..."
he stopped.

"Yeah. A lot. I just wasn't old enough to act on it. I was only 12. I don't
know how he would have dealt with it but I always got the feelin' that he'd
have been okay with it." I said.

"Well...I'm not your Dad, not even old enough to be but I want this to be
good for you." he said.

"And I want it to be good for you. I don't know whether I should say this
but...well...this ain't just sex for me. Not with you. I...uhh...I feel
somethin' for you. I'm just not exactly straight in my head about what it
is." I said.

"It ain't just sex for me, either, Tack. I feel it, too. I feel somethin'
for you and I can see in your eyes what you're feelin' for me. It's called
love, Tack. Oh, it's not the love that you and Keith have for each other or
the love I have for Mike, but it's love. Just between us. Just you for me
and me for you. You'll find that you'll feel a special love for Bulldog,
Rusty and Mike as well.  We all love each other. Just not the same way
because we're each different people." he explained.

"Yeah. That is it. I just didn't know how to say it. It's hard for
me. Keith's the first person I've ever been able to say it to, since my Dad
died." I said.

"That's okay, Tack. Guys don't always have to say it. We say it in how we
act, how we move, how we are." he smiled.

And then his mouth came down on mine and I tasted him for the first time. I
felt somethin' happenin' inside me. I felt myself 'surrendering' to
him. Just the way he described it. At first it was a little scary, havin'
never allowed this to happen with another guy but then it started to feel
good. Really good! I found myself moanin' into Jeff's mouth from all the
feelings rushing through me. My arms went around his neck and my hands were
stroking through his hair. Oh, Fuck! This was incredible!

"Fuckin' great kisser!" he smiled, pulling back and looking down into my
eyes.

I blushed, I know I fuckin' did! I could feel my face heatin' up. But I
wasn't ashamed of it! I just looked up into his dark blue eyes and got
lost!

"Fuck me! Please! Fuck me!" I begged him.

"We'll get to that, trust me." he smiled. "But there's a lot of tastin' I
want to do - and smellin'!"

"Oh, yeah!" I grinned. "I been smellin' your scent since you put your arms
around me. I love it!"  I said.

"Yeah, well you've got a good smell yourself, buddy!" he grinned back.

Oh, fuck! That grin of his! It lasted for a moment and then his head dipped
down and I thought he was gonna kiss me but, instead, he rubbed his nose
against mine, like a fuckin' Eskimo kiss!  Funny thing was, it felt really
good! I found myself chuckling over it. He pulled back and he was grinning
again and then he did somethin' that I never even thought of. He gently,
slowly licked the tip of my nose. I tickled!  But I loved it! I leaned up
and did it to him and he smiled.

"That's it!" he said softly. "Get into it! This is gonna be fun!"

"Yeah!" I grinned.

"When did you shower last?" he asked.

"This mornin' before Keith took me back to the base. Why?" I asked.

"Then I say you ought to be nice and ripe, just like I like, right about
now." he grinned.

"Uhh...and when did you shower last?" I asked.

"Last night, after Mike and I got done fuckin' each other's brains out." he
grinned.

"Then I'd say you were just about right for me!" I chuckled.

"Well, let's see." he said and pulled his arm up from around me so that his
furry pit was just above my face.

The sweaty scent of him was strong! So manly, so exciting! I leaned up and
pressed my nose into his pit, taking a deep breath of him. Oh, fuck! That
was ripe and strong! I loved it! I went to taste it but he pulled back.

"Not yet. Me first." he said, smiling.

I lay my head backdown and he slid my arm up, leaning over to take a deep
whiff of my pit.

"Mmm! Fuck, yeah!" he said, pulling back and looking into my eyes. "You
smell so fuckin' good!"

"So do you." I said, shyly.

He glanced at me curiously.

"Hey, what's up?" he said softly.

"Your scent. It's like...I don't know...it's like Keith's." I said.

"What? I smell like Keith?" he asked.

"Yeah. Oh, not really his scent but your scent is sweet like his. I can't
explain it." I said, confused.

He smiled gently.

"It's love." he said. "Yours is sweet to me, too."

"What?" I said, surprised.

"I knew when I met Mike that I was in love with him because his scent
smelled so different to me than just any other guy. Rusty's, Bulldog's and
Keith's are like that to me, too. And now yours."  he said.

"Oh....fuck...but that's a good thing, right?" I asked.

"Yeah." he smiled. "That's a good thing. A very good thing."

His mouth came down on mine and there was no more talking for now. He
kissed me deeply and then slid his mouth down to my neck and began licking
and sucking there. My body was on fire!  I wanted him the way I had never
wanted another guy before. I couldn't explain it if I tried. It just felt
so different, the same way that making love to Keith was different but even
different from that!

It was weird, too. It was like some part of my mind was watching what Jeff
did as he made love to me. I watched him making all the moves that I
normally did. Sliding his mouth down to my tits and licking them, sucking
them and finally, chewing on them. I arched my back and shoved the nipple
harder against his mouth as his teeth lightly grazed my very hard
nubbin. After he'd worked both of them over like that, he moved down and
buried his face in my groin. He was snorting and licking in my pubes,
breathing deeply of the scent there. Then he got down between my legs and
looked up at me grinning as he held my hard cock straight up off my
belly. He slid the skin down and exposed the head and underside of my
cock. The smell of raw male cock, of smegma, filled the air around us.

"Yeah! Fuckin' A!" Jeff exulted when he saw the creamy build-up under the
head of my cock.  He began cleaning it all out with his tongue as I moaned
over the sensations that my very hard and very sensitive cock was going
through. Finishing up, he dipped his head down and began smelling my sweaty
balls, groaning himself now at the raunchy, sweaty odor of them. He licked
all over my ball-sack, sucking the bag into his mouth and literally chewing
on it lightly. I loved every minute of it! Jeff sure knew how to work a
guy's balls!

He pushed my legs up and I grabbed them, pulling them back so that he could
have full access to my butt. He began running his nose, up and down my
butt-trench, smelling my ass and groaning deep in his throat.

"Fuck! Yeah! Your butt smells so fuckin' good! Fuck!" he groaned.

"You like that stink? Yeah! Fuckin' smell my raunchy ass! Suck down all
that butt-stink! Come on! It tastes good, too! Lick my fuckin' ass! Taste
me!" I groaned, my mouth uttering this with very little thought connected
to it - just the expression of my emotions.

"Yeah, buddy! Gonna fuckin' eat your hole! Gonna taste all your funk!" he
growled and then put actions to words.

His tongue swiped up and down my trench several times, tasting all the
sweat, assjuice and raunch there as he continued to moan deep in his
throat.

"Oh, yeah! Motherfucker! Eat my ass! Lick out my hole, man! Eat that
fuckin' Marine slut hole of mine!" I begged.

"Yeah! You an ass-whore, Marine! You like gettin' plugged up the ass?!" he
asked.

"Fuck, yeah! Shove your butt-lickin' tongue up my ass and then fuck me!" I
growled.

"You got it, Marine!" he growled back.

Yeah! His hot mouth was gettin' my hot ass even hotter! I loved when a stud
talked dirty! But then I felt his tongue shovin' against my hole and I
pushed down on my ass muscles, opening up so that he could slide his licker
up my hole! Fuck! What a feelin'! The only thing I liked better than havin'
a stud's tongue up my ass was havin' my tongue up his while he ate out
mine!

"Fuck! Swing around! I wanna taste your fuckin' shithole!" I groaned.

"Yeah, you wanna suck on my funky hole, man? You wanna eat out my fuckin'
ass, buttlicker?!"  he growled, pulling is face outa my crack.

"Yeah! Lemme taste your funk!" I begged.

He got up and I scooted down the bed, giving him more room. He knelt over
me and I hooked his legs under my arms. He did the same and bent over to
lick my cock and balls on the way back down to my butt. His cock was
hangin' hard in front of my face. I reached up and skinned back the hood,
knowing what I'd find - and I wasn't disappointed. Fuckin' hood full of
stinky fuckin' man-cheese! Fuck! It's raw odor wreaked of maleness! I began
licking it up, the pungent taste and odor assaulting my nose and mouth as I
licked up every trace of it that I could find!

As his tongue slid back into my hole, I groaned and began licking up his
cock to his balls. His hairy nut-sack was pulled up tight to the root of
his cock and I began to sniff at the wrinkly skin. I could smell the sweat,
rut and some dried piss there that added to the aroma. I sucked the hairy
skin into my mouth and began to taste the salty, tangy raunch. He moaned
into my hole as his tongue continued to stab into me. I reached up and
pulled his hips down so that I could get my nose in his butt crack.

Fuck! His hole was ripe! Rich in the man-smells I loved best! Those found
in a man's most secret place, his ass! The scent of sweat mixed with
butt-funk and assjuice! I love it! I craved it!  And Jeff had plenty for
me! I pulled harder on his hips to get his crack to where my tongue could
start tastin' his raunch rather than just smellin' it! Finally, he lowered
his ass and my tongue started lickin' up and down his ass-crack. The taste
was salty, tangy and with a hint of bitterness to it. I poked at his hole
and it opened easily to my tongue. I shoved my tongue as deep as I could,
tasting up inside his body, loving the feeling of the smooth walls of his
inner ass caressing my tongue.

I must have been doin' what he liked, because all of a sudden, Jeff sat up
so that he was literally sittin' on my face! This gave me the ability to
shove my tongue as deep in his ass as it would reach. I could feel him,
shifting above me, gettin' as much contact with my tongue as he could.
Ridin' my face like a fuckin' cowboy on a buckin' bronc!

"Yeah! That's it! Tongue fuck my butt! Shove that tongue all the way up my
stinkin' ass! Eat me out, motherfucker! Suck ass, Marine!" he groaned as he
reached down and started pullin' on my nipples while he rode my face!

Fuck! That really got me goin'! The pleasure/pain of what he was doin' to
my nipples, the taste of his tangy butt-hole, the smell of his ass-crack
and the sight of his bubble buns beside my face and the curve of his
muscular back above me was almost too much for me. Luckily, nothin' was
touchin' my cock at that point because it anything was, I would have shot
off like fuckin' firecrackers on the Fourth of July!

"Yeah. You like that butt, Marine? You like the taste and smell of that
butt? Eat it, Marine! Eat fuckin' ass!" he growled, throwing his head back
as he slowly stroked his cock.

I didn't want him gettin' off this way! I wanted him in my ass! I pushed up
on his butt-cheeks until my mouth was out of his trench.

"Fuck me! Take that fuckin' cock and FUCK MY ASS!" I screamed out from
underneath him, my demand mostly muffled by his body.

He stopped strokin' his cock and got up off my face. He turned around and
grinned down at me.

"You ready?" he asked.

"I been ready! I was ready when you pulled me into this bed!" I assured
him.

"How you want it?" he asked.

"HARD!" I exclaimed.

He laughed.

"No! On your stomach, back, what?" he chuckled.

I started to answer and say that I wanted to take it on my stomach like I
usually did. But this time, I wanted to see his face while he fucked me.

"On my back." I said.

He got off the bed and got a bottle of lube. Then he got between my legs
again. I pulled them back and he began lubing me up with his fingers until
he had three playin' in and out of my hole.  They really felt good
spreading me open. I knew that this was one fuck that I was gonna really
enjoy! I was ready for it! I was HOT for it! I wanted him inside me! He
then lubed himself up and took my legs and put them over his shoulders. He
pressed his cock against my hole and looked down at me. That's when it
happened!

I'm not sure how to describe it. It was like this feelin' went through
me. For the first time in my life, I was really surrendering to another
guy. Totally giving myself to him. Not for my pleasure, but for his! I
wanted to please Jeff! I wanted him to really enjoy this fuck! But it was
more than that. When he looked at me, it was like this incredible
connection happened between us and I felt like I was melting inside. Some
barrier I didn't even know what there suddenly melted away and it was like
all this feeling began rushing through me!

He saw it. More importantly, I could see it in him. His eyes softened and I
knew this was how he looked when he fucked Mike. I guess he could see what
it looked like when I fucked Keith. All of a sudden, we weren't fucking
anymore. We were making love, or rather, he was going to make love to me!

He slid his cock slowly inside me until he was buried all the way in my
body. I groaned at the feeling of pain and pleasure from the length and
thickness of him! I had not had that many guys who were as big as him fuck
me and I was gonna need some time for my ass to adjust. He knew this
instinctively and once he was fully in me, he rested and let me get used to
him. In the mean time, he leaned forward and let me wrap my legs around his
waist while he rested on his elbows, his face above mine.

"You okay?" he asked softly.

"Yeah. I just need a minute to get used to you. Damn! You're big!" I
grinned.

"Yeah. Guess I am. You sure you can handle me?" he asked, real concern in
his voice.

"Damn straight I can!" I insisted and he grinned at this.

As the time passed and my ass finally relaxed he got this look in his eyes
that made my heart really start beating! Then he leaned down and kissed me
passionately. I threw my arms around him and just let go. He began fucking
me slowly and gently as we kissed deeply and our tongues slid against each
other. My eyes were closed, my arms wrapped around his neck and I was
totally and completely in his control. My hands were touching him
everywhere I could - running through his hair, down his back, over his
face. He finally pulled back and looked down at me while his cock continued
to glide slowly in and out of my hole.

"Okay?" he asked again.

"Yeah...I...I...love you." I managed to get out finally.

He smiled and said, "I love you, Tack."

I'd done it! I couldn't believe it! Except for Keith and my Dad, I had
never told anybody that I loved them! And now in less than three days, I'd
said it to two guys! I couldn't fuckin' believe it!  But I knew it was
true! I did love him! And I suddenly realized what he said was true. I
loved him, but not in the same way I loved Keith. Or in the sam way that I
had loved my Dad. And not the way that I loved Tommy - and I did love Tommy
and I promised myself, right there and then, that one day very soon I would
tell him so!

But for now, I was lost in a pair of deep blue eyes hovering above me while
this magnificent cock glided in and out of my hole, gently strokin' my
prostate and sending thrills through my body! This was the most incredible
fuck of my life! Never before had it ever felt like this. But, then again,
never before had I ever given myself so completely to another guy! I knew
that I was gonna have to do this with Keith the next time we made love! He
deserved this as well!

The feelings were so intense, however, that it couldn't last long - for
either of us. Soon, Jeff was pushing faster and harder in and out of me and
I could feel myself reaching the point of no return.

"I'm gonna cum, Jeff! I'm gonna cum! Cum with me - PLEASE!" I begged him!

"I'm there, Tack! Let go, man! Just LET GO!" he groaned.

And I did! The flood of cum rushing out of my cock drenched the front of me
and splashed up onto his chest and abs as well. I could feel him, at the
same time, letting loose a flood of his hot semen deep inside my bowels. We
clung to each other, our mouths finding each other's and kissing deeply as
we crested the wave of feeling rushing through our bodies until finally,
the tidal wave stopped and he collapsed on top of me.

I held him, my legs and arms wrapped around him. It was like I didn't want
to ever let him go.  Just wanted time to stop and us lay here, wrapped in
each other's arms forever! I felt totally complete, totally fulfilled,
totally satisfied! It was not something I ever expected when we walked up
those stairs together. It was an experience like no other I'd ever had in
my life!

Finally he pulled his face out of the crook of my neck and looked at me,
smiling.

"Is it always like that?" I asked.

"No. Not always that good." he grinned. "But never bad! I get the feeling
you never did that before. Let go like that."

"No. Never. Didn't know what I was missing!" I smiled.

"Now you do." he said and leaned down and kissed the tip of my nose.

"Can we...uhh...can we do this...I mean...well..." I was still afraid to
ask.

"Yes. We can do this again. Anytime you want. That's what being part of the
family means." he smiled.

I smiled. Yes, I wanted this again. Again and again and again! I now
understood what he'd meant about a guy needing to surrender to another
guy. I knew then that Jeff would always be the one that could be there for
me for that. Just as he told me that Bulldog was that for him.

Hmm...Bulldog! Now there was a thought....

The End of Chapter Twenty Eight of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Fri, 27 Feb 2004 17:54:02 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 27

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Seven - A Problem Solved and a Discovery Made

When I got back to base the next morning, Keith having dropped me off, I
was expecting a ration of shit from Tommy but instead he was rather
solicitous. I guess he could see that something had happened to me.

"So, what happened to you yesterday? You just disappeared." he asked.

"Uhh...I went someplace..." I said, not knowing how to get into this.

"Someplace all night? Must have been pretty good, buddy!" he grinned, but
then got serious.  "But then again, maybe not. You look like something's
really up with you."

"Uhh...yeah...it kinda is. Can we talk about this later, huh?" I asked.

"Sure, buddy. No problem." he said, but seemed kind of hurt by the brush
off.

"Let's talk about it during lunch, okay. But not in the mess hall." I said.

"Okay. See you then." he said, somewhat mollified.

I didn't know what I was going to tell him or how much! As my one real
friend, other than Keith, he had a right to know but I didn't know how he
was going to take it. We got together for lunch.  Got a couple of
sandwiches and a Coke apiece and headed to an area that I knew was deserted
that time of day where we sat down on a bench up against a tree.

"Okay, so what's up? What's with all the secrecy?" he asked.

"Tommy, I don't know how to tell you this...I guess just straight out. I'm
in love." I said.

He looked at me, his jaw dropping open. He tried several times to get
something out but it was like the words wouldn't come. Finally he closed
his mouth, coughed and, in a somewhat strangled voice said, "That's great,
Tack! Who the fuck with?!"

"His name is Keith." I said.

"Where the fuck did you meet him?" he asked.

"You know where! You watched me!" I said.

"Wait! You mean that fuckin' gorgeous blond boy on the beach! That one!
Well! I'll be a son-of- a-bitch! Goddamn, boy! You sure know how to pick
'em! You sure he's...well...uhh...he's old enough?" he asked.

"He's eighteen. Just turned a couple of months ago." I said.

"Well, that's lucky at least. I take it he doesn't live at home or did you
spend the night in a motel?" he asked.

"No. He lives at home. We spent the night there." I said.

"Holy fuck! And his parents let you?!" Tommy said in amazement.

"Well...you see...it isn't what you'd call a typical family." I said.

"Yeah? How untypical is it?" he asked.

I had been afraid of this! Tommy was always curious about things -
especially things in my life.

"Well, you see, his Dad was a Marine. Killed in Kosovo. His Mom died of
cancer and he was left with this step-father who abused him. He was kind of
rescued by one of his high school teachers.  This teacher lives with a
lover who's an ex-Jarhead. They also live with the teachers Father, who's a
retired Master Sergeant who has a lover as well who's also a retired Master
Sergeant." I said.

"You mean to tell me this kid is livin' in a house with 3 ex-Jarheads?! And
his High School teacher?! Man! That IS different!" Tommy said.

"Yeah, it is kind of an unusual family, but they took him in to get him off
the streets after he ran away from the step-father. They also settled the
score with the guy - fucked him up good and drove him out of town. Well,
you know how Marines can handle things." I grinned.

"Yeah! Kill 'em all - let God sort 'em out!" Tommy laughed. "So what now?"

"Well, now...uhh...I've decided not to re-up." I said quietly.

Tommy looked at me in shock.

"You're gettin' out of the Corps! Man! Are you crazy?!" he asked.

"No, Tommy, I'm not. I could be transferred anyplace at anytime and, before
I met Keith, that was cool. But I don't want to be away from him. We want
to try and build a life together.  Besides, you know what happens if they
find out that I have a lover I'm livin' with." I said.

"Well...yeah, there is that. But, Tack?! What the fuck are you gonna do?!
You don't know nothin' but weapons!" Tommy asked.

"I know. I'm gonna go back to school. Get a trade." I said.

"But what you gonna do until you do? How you gonna pay for school? How you
gonna live?" he asked.

"Well, I'm gonna live with Keith and his family. They've already told me
that they want me."

"I can't fuckin' believe this! Tack Wallace! Fuckin' in love! Man! I never
thought I'd see the day!" he laughed.

"Yeah...I know." I said.

"Hey! Buddy! I'm not gonna give you any shit about this! I'm too fuckin'
jealous! I wish I could find somebody to fall in love with." he said
seriously.

"You're kiddin'! You're the one who's always talkin' about never doin' it
twice with the same guy so you can keep your options open!" I said.

"Well...okay...I guess I might as well confess about that. I only said
that, Tack, because I knew that's how you felt and I didn't want you givin'
me any shit either! I really want to find somebody. I just never have." he
said, hanging his head.

"Ahh, Buddy!" I said, putting my arm around his shoulders. "I didn't
realize. Fuck. I guess we're startin' to grow up a little, huh?"

"Yeah. Well, at least you found somebody. That's good! There's hope for me
yet!" he said, smiling up at me.

I hugged him to me.

"Yeah, of course there is, buddy! Fuck! You might find somebody any day!" I
said.

"Keith doesn't have a brother, does he?" Tommy asked.

"No. He doesn't. Sorry!" I smiled.

"Oh, well! Can't hurt to ask!" he laughed. "So when do I get to meet him?"

I hadn't thought about that! Didn't even stop to think that Tommy would
want to meet Keith!  But, of course it made sense! I was his best
friend. Of course, he'd want to meet this guy I'd fallen in love with.

"I'll tell you what...I'm meeting him again tonight. I'll talk to him about
it. We'll set something up, okay?" I asked.

"Yeah! That's fine." Tommy said but I could hear some disappointment in his
voice.

"Hey, buddy! Just because I've fallen in love, doesn't mean I'm gonna
forget about you!" I told him.

"Hey! I know that. But...well...it's gonna change things. It's got to. No
more rapin' and pillagin' among all that Jarhead butt!" he smiled.

"Yeah. I don't need to go rapin' and pillagin' anymore. But that doesn't
mean we can't do stuff together." I said.

"Yeah, but you were due to re-up in a couple of months. So you'll be
leavin' soon." he said.

"Yeah, but I'll be livin' right in Oceanside. We'll still see each other."
I said.

"Yeah. I guess you're right." he said.

But he didn't sound convinced of it and, to tell you the truth, I wasn't
exactly convinced of it myself.

That afternoon when Keith came to pick me up, I decided to talk it over
with him. I told him about the situation, how Tommy and me had been buds
since I came into the Corps, how he was the only real friend I'd ever had
and didn't want to lose him, but didn't know what the fuck I could do about
it.

"I don't know either, Tack. I can see the problem, though. I'll tell you
what...when I have stuff I can't figure out on my own, I always talk to the
guys. Between the four of them, they usually come up with some pretty good
ideas!" he said.

"You really think so?" I asked.

"Sure! And besides, you're 'family' now. You have every right to ask for
their help with this.  And besides, they'll fall all over themselves trying
to help, they'll be so glad that you trusted them enough to ask." he said.

"God! You are so fuckin' smart! What the fuck do you want with a dumb
Jarhead like me?" I asked, taking his hand off the stick shift and kissing
it.

"That's a pretty good reason right there!" he grinned. "But don't do that
while I'm driving! I'll wrap the car around a telephone pole from the
feelings that makes go through me!"

We got to the house and the four 'Dad's' were there. Keith told them that I
had a problem that I wanted to discuss with them and he was right! All of
their faces brightened up at this and they all took me into the kitchen and
we all sat down at the table together. I told them about Tommy, what our
relationship was and what he meant to me. I told them how I didn't want to
lose him as a friend just because I'd found Keith and was leaving the
Corps. They understood completely.  But they also said maintaining a
friendship with single friends wasn't easy after you were in a
relationship.

"It's just like the problem that any couple has, straight, gay or
otherwise." Mike said.

"Lemme ask you a question, Tack. How come you and Tommy never rented a
place together off base?" Bulldog finally said.

"Well...because we couldn't afford it. Places here in Oceanside - even the
worst dumps - are really expensive on a Corporal's salary. Besides, neither
of us had a car - that is until recently.  Tommy bought a used truck and
now at least one of us is mobile. We use it all the time when we would go
out. Why?" I asked.

"Well, it's just that we have that small apartment over the garage. It
ain't much. One bedroom and one bath. Been meanin' to do something with it
but could never figure out what. How about we let Tommy live there? That
keeps him close to you, but not 'too close', if you get my drift?"  Bulldog
said grinning at me.

"Oh, fuck! That would be excellent! Are you sure?" I asked.

"Hey! You're family! We gotta keep you happy or you won't keep Keith
happy!" Bulldog laughed.

"Ahh! That ain't true! I would do anything to keep him happy! I swear!" I
insisted.

"I know, boy! I'm just yankin' your chain!" Bulldog laughed and Rusty
socked him in the arm.  Hard!

"Yeah? Well enough 'chain yankin', mister! This boy only met us last night!
He don't know what a fuckin' bullshit artist you are, yet!" Rusty said.

"Fuck! That hurt!" Bulldog said, rubbin' his arm with a great deal of
exaggeration and looking like he was hurt really bad.

"Oh, yeah! Right! See, what I'm talkin' about, Tack! Bullshit up to his
eyebrows! Surprised the fucker's eyes aren't brown!" Rusty laughed.

"Better retreat, Dad! He's got your number!" Mike laughed and Jeff joined
in.

"Mutiny! In my own house!" Bulldog bellowed, winking at me.

"It ain't your house! It's OUR house, you old coot!" Rusty laughed. "And
you ain't Captain either! You didn't even make it to officer!"

"Well, who wants to be an officer, anyway!" Bulldog asked.

"Nobody at this table!" Jeff piped up.

And we all laughed at this.

"Uhh...there's one other problem...uhh...I told Tommy some about you guys
but not certain things." I said.

"What certain things?" Mike asked.

"Well, I told him that you and Jeff were lovers and that Bulldog and Rusty
were but not the rest of it." I said.

"Well...that's not a problem. After all, the rest of it, as you call it, is
nobody outside the family's business and I'm grateful to you for keeping it
that way. It's not something your friend is going to see anyway. I
know...you said he wants to meet Keith. Why don't you bring him over to
dinner tomorrow night and he can meet all of us. We can put on clothes for
one night. It won't be the first time!" Mike grinned.

"That's a really good idea! You sure you don't mind?" I asked.

"The only thing I mind is you breakin' house rule number one!" Bulldog
said, looking at me.

I hadn't really realized it but I was the only one sitting there in
clothes! Even Keith had stripped off to nothing while we were talking!

"I'm sorry! It's something I have to get used to." I said shamefacedly.

"Oh, fuck! Don't let him get you like that, Tack! He's just pullin' your
chain again. You and Keith go on upstairs and do whatever you do and we'll
see you for dinner!" Rusty said, grinning.

Keith took my hand and led me upstairs to 'his' room which, I guessed now
was 'our' room. I went to get undressed when Keith stopped me.

"Please...I want to do it." he said, smiling shyly at me. "I've been
thinking about getting you naked all day long."

"Well, at least we been thinkin' the same thing!" I said, pulling him into
my arms and kissing him, long and hard.

He finally pulled away from my mouth and started unbuttoning my fatigue
shirt and pulling it out of the waistband of my fatigue pants. He then
started pulling my white t-shirt up out of my pants and I raised my arms so
that he could pull it off my head. But while my arms were raised, he took
the opportunity to shove his nose into my pit, taking deep whiff's of my
sweaty scent.

Though we'd showered this morning before Keith took me back to base,
spending an inordinate amount of time gettin' each other clean by tenderly
stroking and kissing and licking our favorite parts of each other's bodies
- which were basically ALL of each other's bodies - I hadn't put on any
deodorant. I never did and I knew from Keith that he didn't and neither did
any of the guys who lived in this house. Right Guard would go out of
business with this group! In fact, Keith told me, and I found out later it
was true, there did not exist one stick or spray can or 'roll-on' of
deodorant in the house!

"Hey! You gonna sniff me or strip me?" I asked him grinning.

"I'm going to do this my way! You just shut up and enjoy it!" he grinned
back.

"Sir! Yes, sir!" I shouted out in raw recruit fashion!

Keith giggled at this. I loved the sound of his laughter! Ahh...let's face
it! I loved every fuckin' thing about him!

He proceeded to strip me but first he pushed me over to the bed and made me
sit down. Then he got down on his hands and knees and started taking my
combat boots off. I told him he didn't have to do that but he told me to
'shut up!', so I did. And am I ever glad that I did! I had no fuckin' idea
what he was up to! But I soon found out!

He unlaced the boots and took them off my feet. Then he pulled off my
socks. But it's what he did then that just about had me crawlin' the walls!
He bent down and took one of my feet in his hands and began licking and
sucking at my toes! Nobody had EVER done THAT to me! The feeling was
incredibly erotic and I boned hard quick with Tack Junior makin' a real
mess in my briefs, leakin' cock-snot!

"Ahh! Fuck! Where the fuck did you learn to do that?!" I asked him.

"You like?" he grinned up at me, taking my toes out of his warm, wet mouth
for a moment.

"Fuck, yeah! I fuckin' 'like'! Fuck!" I groaned as he went back to suckin'
on my big toe like it was a small cock!

He sucked each of my toes and even licked between them which was
incredible! Then he sucked several toes at once before he lifted the sole
of my foot to his mouth and began licking from the heal up to the ball of
the foot! I could hardly stand the feelin'! I was kinda ticklish there and
his tongue had me right on the edge of pain and pleasure!

"Ahh! FUCK!!!" I screamed out.

He just chuckled and kept right on lickin' for a while. Then he put that
foot down and did the other one the same way except, this time, before he
finished he put both my feet on the floor and got down and started licking
the tops of them as well! Altogether, it was one of the most erotic things
that anyone had ever done to me - and I couldn't wait to do it to him!

He had other ideas in mind, however. He next unbuckled my belt and opened
up my fatigue pants, pulling them down my hips. I lifted up so that he
could slip them down my legs and off.  That left my briefs. Now, I always
wore briefs when I had on fatigues but never when I wore jeans. This pair I
had worn for a few days...well, okay... more than a few. Probably about a
week and they had plenty of 'seasoning'. Sweat, dried piss, and pre-cum
stains abounded and Keith eyed them like a kid in a candy store!

Of course, Tack Junior was still makin' another mess in them so some of the
stains of cock-snot were still wet. Those Keith attacked first, sucking the
pre-cum out of my briefs and sucking on Tack Juniors head while he was at
it!

"Oh, fuck! Don't do that or I'll fuckin' cum!" I begged.

He just chuckled and went on to suck at the other piss and cum stains in my
briefs before finally pulling them down and off me. However, he didn't let
go of them. Instead, he knelt there, looking up at me as he brought the
briefs to his face, snorting them good while he looked right at me! Ahh!
Fuck! What a sexy, horny sight that was! He even found some slight skid
marks in them and huffed those as well, smelling my where my butt had come
into contact with the cotton fabric, all the time, keeping his eyes locked
on mine!

Finally, he tossed the briefs onto the pile of my other clothing and leaned
forward, pushing his nose into my nuts, sniffing loudly and then licking
them. I got the message of what he wanted and lay back, pulling my legs
back and letting him trail his nose down into my fragrant ass crack.  I
could see him taking deep whiffs of my butt and could hear him moaning over
the scents he found there.

"Yeah, smell my ass, boy! You like that? You like my butt-stink?!" I
groaned.

"Oh, fuck, yeah!" he groaned and then leaned further in and began to lick
my crack.

Oh, Fuck! I thought I was ready for that but I had never been rimmed the
way Keith rimmed me!  Fuck! He had the most talented fuckin' tongue that
had ever been up my butt-crack! Damn! I knew I was good at eatin' butt, but
this boy was possibly even better than I was!

His lips locked around my hole and I could feel the vibrations up inside my
butt as he moaned into it! His tongue was pressin' against my wrinkled
opening and I pushed out with my ass muscles to open myself up to his
probing tongue! And 'probe' it did! Keith had to have the longest fuckin'
tongue that had ever been up my hole! As it slid inside, I could feel the
tip of it flicking at me fuckin' prostate!

He sucked and licked at my hole until I was a quivering mass of asshole! I
wanted him inside me!  I wanted him to fuck me - long and hard! And I
wanted him to fuck me NOW!

"Oh, fuck! Keith! Fuck me! Please! Fuck me! Fuck me HARD!" I begged.

He looked up from between my legs, surprise showing on his face.

"You want me to fuck you?!" he asked.

"Fuck, yeah! Did you think I only fucked?!" I asked him.

"Well...uhh...yeah." he answered quietly.

I put my legs down and sat up on the edge of the bed.

"Come up here. We gotta talk." I said, patting the bed beside me.

He got up off his knees and sat down next to me.

"Look, Keith, you're a guy and I'm a guy. Guy's love to fuck. We love
shovin' our cocks hard and deep into a hot, wet hole and shootin' our loads
as deep as we can. Now, some of us, we learn that gettin' our hole's fucked
with a nice thick, long, hard cock feels just as good. At least those of us
who like sex with another guy! I ain't your 'master' or somethin'! I'm your
lover. To me that means your partner! And for us to be partners, it's got
to be 50-50 between us. Totally mutual! I ain't gonna ask you to do nothin'
that I ain't willin' to do for you! Just like everything else. Okay?" I
asked.

He smiled at me and threw his arms around my neck.

"You are more wonderful than I even imagined!" he said, kissing me.

"So fuckin' get back to eatin' my butt! I want it nice and wet for when you
fuck me!" I said.

He grinned and got back on his knees. I lay back and pulled my legs back
again and groaned as his tongue slid back up my hole! Fuck! He had a
talented tongue! He had me drippin' with his spit in no time. He then
opened the drawer and pulled out the lube and began lubing my hole with
it. I groaned as he shoved one, two and finally three up inside me. He then
lubed up his cock.

In the mean time, I rolled over and moved up the bed, spreading my legs
open for him. I preferred to get fucked that way. Seems that it made the
guy's cock hit my prostate better. I loved the feeling of the guy pounding
deep in my hole that way. I felt him climbing up and holding himself over
me. I looked back over my shoulder at him.

"Yeah! Just slide it in." I said, feeling his cock pressed up against my
opening.

He pushed forward and I could feel my hole resisting for a moment and then
it let go and his cock slid deep inside me.

"Lay down on me. It's okay. I can handle it." I smiled at him.

I felt his body molding to mine as his weight rested on me and his cock
going deeper inside me.

"Oh, fuck!" he groaned. "You're so fucking hot inside!"

"Yeah, and you feel so fuckin' good inside me!" I said. "Just lemme get
used to you for a minute."

I could feel him licking and nibbling at my shoulders and back.

"Ahh! Fuck!" I groaned.

His mouth was sending chills up and down my spine.

"Oh! God! Fuck!" he groaned.

He didn't realize that was he was doin' with his mouth would make my hole
tighten down on his cock! I chuckled at him.

"That'll teach ya!" I laughed.

"Oh, fuck! I thought I was going to cum!" he groaned.

"Just relax. It'll pass." I told him.

It took a few minutes but then he began slowly fucking his cock in and out
of my hole. God! He felt good! He was nice and thick so he was strokin' my
prostate and he was goin' deep enough to really make me feel it! I loved
his cock!

"Ahh! Fuck! You feel so good!" I groaned. "Come on! Really fuck me! Fuck me
HARD!"

He speeded up and started poundin' my hole good! I started pushing back,
slammin' my ass against him with each stroke of his cock.

"Yeah! That's it! Pound my hole! Fuck my butt!" I groaned.

I could feel his cock slammin' against my prostate and the tingle in my
balls told me that I was gonna cum any second!

"OH! FUCK! YEAH!" he screamed. "I'M GONNA CUM!!!"

"YEAH, BABE! CUM UP MY ASS! COME ON! CUM IN ME!!!" I screamed.

Just as I felt his cock begin to throb in my hole, which told me he was
shooting his cum into me, Task Junior let go with a load of spoonge all
over the leather-covered bed below me! I ground Tack Junior harder against
the leather and shot and shot! Just as Keith was tryin' to fill my ass up
to my throat with his cum!

Finally, I stopped shooting and so did he, collapsing on my back. After a
while, he began licking and sucking at my shoulders again.

"Mmm!" I moaned at the feeling of his tongue and teeth.

"You have the most amazing butt!" he moaned.

"It sure the fuck loves your cock!" I said.

"Mmm! I wanna do that again!" he said.

"Anytime, babe! Anytime!" I said and I meant it!

I felt his cock soften and slide out of my ass. Then I felt him slide down
my body and the next thing I knew, his face was buried in my hole and
sucking and licking at my just-fucked hole, sucking out as much of his cum
as he could get! The feeling of his mouth and tongue on my ass was soothing
after the pounding he'd given me. He finally stopped and moved up the bed
until he was laying next to me. I turned towards him and he kissed me
deeply transferring some of his cum from my butt to my mouth.

I groaned against his mouth, tasting his cum flavored with my ass! Fuck! It
was good!

"I love you!" he said.

"And I love you. I also love your cock!" I smiled at him.

"Come on with me, I want to show you something." he said softly.

"Okay." I said getting up off the bed and following him down the hall.

He took me into a bathroom which I didn't know was there. The bathroom had
this huge claw- footed tub in it, big enough for both of us to get into.

"So what do we have here?" I asked, grinning.

"Well you might call this the piss-tub-for-two!" he grinned.

He got in and sat down and then reached out his hand for me. I took his
hand stepping into the tub and sitting down opposite him. He put his legs
over mine and leaned back against the back of the tub and so did I. The
faucets were in the middle of one of the sides so that the tub basically
had two rounded backs for us to lay against.

"Okay...now what?" I asked him.

"Now, we piss...on each other." he said.

'Well, what an interesting idea!' I thought.  And while I was thinking it,
a blast of hot piss hit me right square in the chest!

I looked over to see Keith grinning at me. Well! Two could play at that
game!

I grabbed my cock and let go a blast of piss at him, hitting him in the
chest as well. I then trailed it down until I was pissing on his cock and
balls.

"Mmm! Fuck! That feels good!" he said. "Stop and let me do it to you!"

I stopped my stream and moved my hand away. His piss hit my cock and balls
and he was right!  It felt really good. Then he stopped his stream again,
scooted down in the tub and pulled his legs back until his asshole became
visible.

"Can you hit that target?" he grinned.

I grinned back, grabbed my cock and pissed right on his hole! First shot! I
didn't have a USMC 'Marksman' rating for nothing! He groaned at the feeling
of my hot piss hitting his hole. Then I stopped again. And we changed
positions. I slid down in the tub, pulling my legs back so that he could
see my hole and he sat back up and aimed at it. It took him a few seconds
to hit it. His first blast hit the back of my balls, which felt really good
as well. Then he moved the stream down so that he was hittin' my hole!
Fuck! That did feel good!

"Hey! Do the back of my balls again!" I asked.

"Okay! That feel good?" he asked.

"Fuck! Feels fantastic! Yeah, hit them balls!" I groaned as his hard piss
stream hit the back of my balls.

"Fuck! Lemme feel it!" he said, stopping his stream and moving down in the
tub again.

I pissed right on the backside of his exposed ball-sack and ran my stream
down his perineum onto his asshole and then back up again.

"Oh, Fuck! That feels so good!" he moaned.

I would have loved for this to continue but I was runnin' out of
'ammunition' and I suspected he was, too. We looked at each other and I got
up and stood in the tub. I was about to piss on him when he slid down all
the way until he was lyin' on his back in the tub. He looked up at me.

"Sit on my face and piss on me!" he begged.

I started to squat over his face but realized I was facing the wrong way. I
turned around and squatted down, bringing my ass to his mouth as I let go
of the rest of my piss, arcing from my cock and hitting first his pubic
hair, then his abs and finally, as I emptied myself, his chest. All the
time, his tongue was diggin' in my shitter while his mouth was suckin' on
my asslips! The two feelings together were incredible.

"Okay! My turn!" I said, pulling my ass off his face and standing up.

He got up and I laid down in the tub. My knees bent some but this was the
first bathtub that I'd ever found that I could lay down in since I was like
15 and started getting my growth spurt! He then squatted over me,
presenting me with his beautiful butt which I buried my nose in first,
snorting all his sweaty, musky butt-scent. I then began licking and sucking
at his hole while his cock was pissing his hot man-piss all over me! The
feeling of his piss combined with the smell and taste of his ass were
enough that my cock started to bone up again. Keith lifted his ass off my
face, turned around and, pulling my cock up straight, proceeded to sit down
on my cock!

I groaned as the hot sheath of his shit-chute slid down my cock! I grabbed
his hips as he began riding me up and down, like I was some kind of fuckin'
'horsey' ride! I groaned and pushed my cock up, shoving it as far up his
hole as I could get it! He bounced faster and faster, up and down on my
hardon. Almost before I knew what was happening, his ass-tunnel began to
tighten around my cock and his own cock, which was standing hard between
his legs, flopping up and down as he fucked himself on my cock, began
belching out more of his cum!

"OH!!! FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" he screamed and his screams reverberated off
the tile in the bathroom.

At this, I couldn't hold back either! Not after watching him and feeling
him cum while he sat on my cock!

"YEAH! FUCK YOU!!! FUCK YOUR ASS!!!" I screamed as well as I drove my hips
up and shoved my cock as hard and far up his shithole as I could get before
dumping my load of cum there.

When I finally stopped shooting up his butt, he slid off my cock, stood up,
turned around and once again sat on my face. My tongue began licking at the
piss that coated his ass cheeks from my pissy crotch. I then buried my face
in his crack and began sucking my own scum out of his just-fucked hole! In
the mean time, he leaned forward and began sucking all of my cum and his
assjuice from my cock. We each were hungry little pigs!

We ended up laying in the tub for a while, just holding each other and
kissing gently and often. I had never felt like this in my life! So happy!
So contented! So...I don't know...I guess 'complete' about says it! And the
best part is I had this to look forward to for all time.

But there was one thing that was still kind of 'out there'. The other guys
in the family.

"Uhhh...can I ask you something?" I asked.

"I think you just did, but go ahead and ask me another one." he grinned.

"Smart ass!" I growled. "I need to ask you somethin' serious here!"

"Okay. I'll be good. I promise!" he said.

"What about the other guys? Uhh...are they gonna get pissed
because...well...because they aren't a part of this?" I asked.

"Oh, fuck no! They understand! There are lots of times when Jeff and Mike
want to be alone together, or Bulldog and Rusty. Sometimes it's Bulldog and
Mike or any other combination. We don't want you to feel you 'have' to
engage in anything that you don't want to or aren't ready for!  Just take
your time, Tack. They're patient. They know this is new for both of
us. It's okay. Think of this kind of like a honeymoon." he said.

"But they're not jealous right?" I asked.

"Second rule of the house - remember?" he grinned.

"Yeah. No Jealousy." I said. "I just wanted to make sure. I mean, I don't
wanna piss nobody off. I like all of them."

"And they really like you! Each of them has come to me privately to tell me
that!" he smiled.

"For real?! Cool!" I glowed with pride!

"Yeah. And, trust me. Over time, you're gonna grow to love them." Keith
said.

"Not as much as I love you!" I said, kissing him deeply.

"No, never as much as you love me! Or that I love you!" he groaned coming
up for air and then kissing me again.

The End of Chapter Twenty Seven of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Thu, 26 Feb 2004 15:56:12 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 26

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Six - Tack and Keith, Love At Last

Upstairs, Keith showed me the four bedrooms. The first one was shared by
Bulldog and Rusty, the second by Jeff and Mike, the third was a 'guest
room' which Keith told me war really never used and finally there was 'his'
room. The room was really more a study with a bed. A rather large bed again
covered in black leather like the one downstairs in the playroom. Other
than that, the room had a huge computer desk with a computer, monitor,
printer and what looked like a scanner as well. I noticed that the
screen-saver on the computer was showing scenes of Marines, in combat, on
parade, running an obstacle course, etc. Yes, this was definitely a
'Marine' household!

When we got to his room, we suddenly became shy with one another. This was
a real first for me! If there was one thing I wasn't - it was shy!
Especially in a sexual situation. After all, Marines are kind of
'take-charge, can-do' kind of guys and I was noted for that. But this
wasn't like any sexual situation I was ever in, in my life! I wasn't going
to have sex with Keith. I was going to make love to him and I suddenly
realized - I didn't know how! I knew how to fuck, get fucked, suck, get
sucked, rim, get rimmed and just about anything else you could name,
including how to fist a guy (but I don't get fisted!). But I'd never made
love to one.

I looked at Keith and he looked so beautiful and so eager for me. I don't
think that's what I looked like, however.

"Tack, what's the matter?" Keith asked me quietly, moving into my arms.

"I don't fuckin' know how to do this." I admitted quietly.

"You don't know how to have sex?!" he looked at me in disbelief.

"Of course I fuckin' know how to have sex! I was havin' sex when you were
what...probably in sixth grade! I don't know how to make love to you. I've
never done that." I said.

"Wait a minute! How old are you?" he grinned.

"I'm 20." I said.

"Oh, okay. Tack, there's nothing to it. It's just like having sex - it's
just the feelings are different.  You're doing it because you love the
person, not just because you want them." he explained.

"So what if you love the person and want him, too?" I asked, smiling down
at him.

"Then that's the best of all." he grinned up at me.

Since we were already naked, we didn't have to waste time with taking off
our clothes so I did something I'd seen a guy do in a movie once, to a
girl, but I figured that it was okay for us. I reached down and picked
Keith up in my arms and carried him over to the bed. He was a little
surprised at first, letting out this little squeal of surprise but then he
wrapped his arms around my neck and lay his head against my chest. I gotta
admit, I nearly didn't want to put him down after he did that, it felt so
good! He was a little heavier than I figured but his weight gave me no
trouble at all! I could have held him like that all night. But then I
couldn't make love to him!

I lay him down gently on the bed and crawled in over him, resting on my
elbows, looking down into his beautiful face. He looked up at me, smiling
and put his arm back around my neck.

"You are so fuckin' beautiful." I said.

"I'm just me." he said, blushing.

"No. You are about the most fuckin's beautiful boy I've ever seen in my
whole fuckin' life."

"And what do you think you are, Tack?" he asked me.

"I'm okay. I've got a good body and I don't scare little kids." I said.

He started laughing.

"Oh, fuck! Tack you are one fucking hunk! When you came walking towards me
I almost ran in the other direction!" he told me.

"Why?" I asked. I couldn't understand that.

"Well...because you are so fucking good-looking that I figured you would be
insufferably conceited. That's why I hit you with that thing about asking
your unit. Bulldog taught me that one to deal with grunts!" he grinned.

"Well, I almost turned and went the other way when you asked that." I said.

"Yeah, I could tell. I knew immediately I'd done the wrong thing. But I was
scared of letting you have the upper hand. I didn't want you 'taking
charge' of the situation." Keith said.

"Why?" I asked.

This was all very confusing!

"Because I was afraid of you." he said quietly, not smiling now.

"Why the fuck would you be afraid of me?" I asked.

"Tack, you're very big and so was my step-father." he said.

"Oh...but I wouldn't hurt you." I said.

"I figured that out later. But just for a moment, your size reminded me of
him. I'm sorry." he said.

"No, it's okay! I guess I can be intimidating. It comes in handy when I'm
dealin' with grunts.  And I guess I would have come on a little strong for
you, bein' a civilian and all. I'm more used to dealing with Marines." I
said.

"And then when I really got a good look at you...well...you were so fucking
gorgeous, I was afraid I'd drop to my knees in the sand right there and
offer to do anything you wanted!" he smiled.

"Oh, come on!" I grinned. "And you told me you'd never lie to me!"

"Tack, I'm not lying! You didn't know it, but you could have had me right
there on the beach. I would have done anything you asked me to." he
said. "I wanted you that badly."

"So what was with all that 'get to know you' stuff then?" I asked.

"It was when I looked into your eyes. I saw something, I wasn't sure
what. But I knew right then and there I wanted more than just sex with you
and I was willing to take the gamble that you wanted me enough to play
along." he said.

"So what was it you saw?" I asked.

"Pain. Incredible pain and loneliness. So much like my own. So much like I
remember being before I met Mike, Bulldog, Jeff and Rusty. I thought that
you needed love, too. Just like I did.  And I knew it would be harder to
break through your walls if we had sex." Keith said.

I was shocked at how accurate he was! Maybe those fuckin' beautiful deep
blue eyes could see down into me!

"Well, you wanna know what I saw?" I asked.

"Tell me." he smiled.

"I saw pain. So much pain that this feelin' went through me like I wanted
to take you in my arms right then and there and protect you from whatever
it was that caused it." I said.

"Mmm. Yes, I love being in your arms." he smiled. "And you know now what
the pain was."

"Yeah. But there was some other things as well." I said.

"Okay. Like what?" he asked.

"Well, I could tell that you wanted me. And it looked like you wanted me as
bad as I wanted you." I smiled.

"That's certainly true! God! You are such a hunk! How could I not?!" he
laughed.

"I'm not a hunk! I'm just me." I said and I knew that I was blushing now.

"Later on, not now, I want you to go look in a mirror and try to say that!
Better yet, ask any of the family and see what kind of answer you get!" he
grinned.

"Never mind. Let's just leave that alone for right now. Please?" I asked.

"Okay. We'll leave it alone. What else did you see?" he asked.

"Well, it took me a while to figure it out. I admit I ain't too good at
emotional stuff." I said.

"You seem to have done pretty well so far." he smiled.

"Well, I finally figured out that...well..it was...love." I stuttered.

"Yes, my dear, beautiful, uncomfortable Tack. It was love. I knew the
minute I looked into your eyes that you were the one. You were the man I
wanted for all time." he smiled.

"How the fuck did you know?" I asked, really curious about this.

"I can't explain it, I just knew." he said simply.

"I guess I would have known if I hadn't been fightin' it so hard." I said.

"I'm so glad you lost that fight." he said.

"Me, too! Probably the only fight I ever lost in my life!" I grinned. "I'm
glad it was you I lost it to."

"Hey! You're pretty good at making love!" he said, smiling.

"What the fuck are you talking about? We haven't done nothin' yet!" I said.

"Oh, yes we have. Tack, making love involves communicating. But not just
talking. Really opening yourself up so that the person you love gets to see
all of you. That's just what we've been doing! That's as much a part of
making love as sex." he said.

"Oh...well, I still like the sex part better. It's easier." I said.

"That's because it's physical and you're a pretty 'physical' kind of guy."
he grinned.

"Yeah, I guess I am." I agreed.

"You can, I bet, say things with your body that are as much or more than
you'll ever say with your voice." he smiled.

"Oh, fuck yeah! Can you hear my body talkin' now?" I said, nudging him in
the gut with Tack Junior, who was definitely rarin' to go and wondering
what all this fuckin' talkin' was all about - holding things up!

"Yes, my beautiful lover! And, trust me, my body is saying the same thing!
Make love to me!" he smiled and pulled my face down to his and locked his
mouth to mine.

While we tasted deeply of each other, I was still a little scared about
that word he'd just used - lover. I guess that's what I was now. His
lover. And he was mine. A situation I'd always swore would never happen to
me! This was gonna take some re-evaluation! Like, of my whole fuckin' life!
I also thought about Tommy. How I was ever gonna explain this to him, I had
no fuckin' idea! I knew I was in for some real shit from him over this one!

But I was soon lost in the taste, the scent and the feel of him! Oh, fuck!
His scent! Now, I love the smell of a sweaty guy. But there was somethin'
real different about Keith. I swear, it was like he was wearin' some kind
of perfume or somethin' even though I knew he wasn't! The scent of him was
sweet and musky and altogether different from any other man I'd ever
smelled. I don't fuckin' know what caused it, but his scent was such an
incredible turn on for me! Way beyond that of just because he smelled like
a male. He did smell like a male, but he smelled like Keith, just him and
nobody else.

I moved my mouth down until I was licking and sucking at the skin of his
neck. God! He tasted so fuckin' good! He was makin' these little noises
down in his throat while I began nibbling lightly on his neck and
shoulder. I loved it! I fuckin' loved hearing him make those noises! I
wanted him to make more!

I moved down, licking his chest until I came to his impossibly small
nipples. Smaller than dimes!  Now, I've always had a thing for small
nipples on a guy. Don't know why, just do! And Keith's were the smallest
I'd ever seen or tasted. I sucked on one and it became instantly hard and
erect in my mouth and more of those little noises came out of him! Yes! I
moved over to the other one.  Same hard little nub and same noises, maybe a
little louder this time. If it worked out, I'd have him screamin' by the
time I fucked him!

I moved his hands from around my neck and pushed them up above his head. He
knew to leave them there. It gave me full access to one of my favorite
parts of a guy's body - his pits. Because he was so young and blond,
Keith's pits were almost hairless. But they were ripe with his sweaty scent
and the taste of them was salty and tangy, just like I love! He was moaning
full out as I licked and sucked at the tender skin there. Once one was
sopping wet with my spit, I switched to the other one, to do the same
thing. That's what I love about pits! There's two of 'em! When you finish
with one - you still have another one!

However, once I finished with them, there was no place to go but down! I
wanted to smell his crotch, his balls but, above all I wanted bury my nose
in his ass! My tongue made a trail from his pit to his belly button, a nice
little 'innie' that I swabbed out with my tongue before moving on further
south. First I hit his little blond puff of pubic hair. It smelled really
good! Full of sweat and dried piss and Keith! I licked it until it was
plastered to his skin. Then I moved up to the head of his cock. He had lots
of nice foreskin. The head remained covered with it even hard! I slipped my
tongue inside his hood, tasting the sweet cock-snot that he was makin' like
a waterworks!  Fuck! Did that taste good! I bet his cum was sweet as well!
But I was after something 'heartier', more raunchy! Cheese! I hoped there
was smegma and I wasn't disappointed!

I slid down the hood all the way and the pungent odor of raw, male smegma
was released into the air around us! Fuck! Did that smell raunchy and good!
And I saw the creamy white flecks of cheese all around his dick-head. I
started licking it all up, allowing the flavor to explode in my mouth and
the scent to rise in my nose! Fuck! I could live on the cheese this boy
produced! But, it was too soon gone! Time to move on!

I slid down further so that I was layin' between his legs and my face was
right at his balls. Fuck!  The raunchy scent of his crotch was goin' up my
nose and makin' my head spin like a long hit of poppers! His balls were
practically hairless but they sure smelled great! I began licking them and
noticed how soft the skin was! It was like it was paper thin. I licked at
his sack, tasting the saltiness and musk there. Dried piss, sweat, rut. All
added to the taste. And now his moaning was getting really loud.

I licked all over his ball-sack and then, as his balls drew up to his cock,
I began licking the back of his sack and down to his perineum. I could
faintly smell his ass and my tongue began to search for it. To help me find
it, Keith pulled back his legs opening his whole butt to me. I buried my
nose in his fragrant butt-trench snorting up all the ass-scent I could!
Fuck! This boy smelled so good! The smell of his ass was strong. But not as
strong as the taste! I licked up his trench, tasting sweat, butt-musk and
ass juice! Fuck! I loved it! The taste was tangy on my tongue! I licked a
few more times up his trench and then focused my attention completely on
his wrinkly hole.

I pressed my tongue against the hole as I began gently sucking the lips of
his ass into my mouth.  His hole blossomed open and he pushed down on his
ass muscles to open himself up. My tongue slid deep into his butthole. The
taste was darker and more tangy inside him! I love this, having my tongue
buried in his body! Actually licking inside of his butt! Sending my tongue
where my cock was aching to go! And talk about aching, his groans were
practically screams at this point!

"Fuck! Yeah! Eat my butt! Lick out my ass! Oh, fuck! Tack! Yeah! Eat my
butt!" he groaned.

Yeah? Like I was gonna do anything else right then? I lay there, licking
his asshole, fucking my tongue in and out of his butt, making his hole open
even further. I was beginning to think that I wasn't going to have to
spread his hole with my fingers the way I usually had to do with guys to
get them ready to take my thick nine inches. Since I'd seen Keith's
'family' and the size of their cocks, I figured he was used to big, thick
tools like mine.

"Tack! Please! Dear God! Fuck me! Shove your cock in my ass! Please! Fuck
me!" he begged.

I looked up from between his legs, grinning.

"I was only waitin' for you to ask." I grinned at him.

I moved up so that I was over him once again, resting on my elbows.

"Do you have any lube?" I murmured.

"Ooh! You say the most romantic things!" he chuckled. "In the drawer over
there."

He pointed to a table by the bed. I slid over and opened the top drawer and
pulled out the bottle of lube. I slid back over to him and began lubing his
hole with two fingers. I then lubed up Tack Junior and again moved up over
him so that Tack Junior was in position - right against his hole.  He
wrapped his legs around my hips - they felt so good there! Because I was so
much taller than he was, I could look down right into his face.

"You ready?" I asked.

"I've been ready since I shook hands with you!" he groaned.

"Same here." I smiled.

I pushed against his hole. There was a slight resistance and then I felt
Tack Junior slide deep into his butt. Now we were both groaning! The heat,
the wetness, the tightness! Fuck! He felt so good wrapped around my cock!

But there was something else, something different than just a
butt-fuck. Never before had I ever thought about it, but it was like we
were now one person. With my cock buried deep inside him, there was no way
to tell where his body stopped and mine began. More to the point, I wanted
this! I wanted to be part of him, to make him part of me! I wanted to plant
my seed deep inside of him and make him mine! Mine forever!

"Oh, fuck! You feel so good inside me!" he groaned softly.

"Oh, fuck yeah! It does feel good inside you!" I groaned back.

I pulled back slightly and slid back into his ass. We both groaned at the
feeling. I went to work, fucking him. Making my cock glide deep inside his
body and gliding back out until I almost left his hole before slamming back
into him again and again. My cock was so hard I began to worry about
hurtin' him but he was not hurtin'!

"Yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me, Tack! Fuck me HARDER!" he begged.

I began to power-fuck him, slamming him harder and harder. Unfortunately,
this made me build quicker to cummin' than I wanted to! I kept fuckin' and
fuckin' - faster and harder when I felt the tingle in my balls that told me
I couldn't hold out! I was gonna cum! I wanted him to cum with me but he
wasn't close enough and I knew it! I slammed in one more time and that was
it! I started to unload shot after shot of my hot, Marine cum deep in his
civilian ass!

"AHH! FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!! I'M SORRY!!! CUMMIN'!!!" I screamed as I
continued to flood his guts with my cream.

"Yeah! Cum, Tack! Cum in my butt!" he groaned.

I stopped shooting and finally collapsed on top of him.

"I'm sorry...didn't want to cum...wanted to get you off.." I panted.

"Hey! It's okay. You can get me off later." he said.

"No! I want to get you off! Now!" I insisted.

"Okay, how long until you're hard again?" he asked.

"What makes you think I'm soft?" I asked, grinning.

Tack Junior was still harder than hell! I knew when he got like this, it
would take cumming at least twice to go down.

"Then what are you waiting for?" he grinned back.

And so I started fucking him again! On and on I went, slamming my cock
harder and harder into his hole while he groaned almost constantly,
unintelligible sounds coming out of his mouth. I shifted slightly, making
Tack Junior slide into his hole at a slightly steeper angle, hitting is
prostate directly with each stroke. Before long, he was practically
screaming! I could feel his hole begin to tighten just as I could feel a
second load of cum ready to explode from deep inside me!  It was a race to
see who was going to cum first and I fully intended to lose! I was gonna
get him off!

And I did!

His hole began to grip my cock as he screamed out.

"FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME HARD, TACK!!! I'M CUMMING, TACK!!! I'M CUMMING!!!" he
screamed and I could feel his cock spraying his hot load between our
bodies.

That was the last thing I felt before I began unloading my second batch of
semen into his already flooded bowels.

"FUCK!!! YEAH!!! FUCKIN' CUMMIN IN YOU ASS!!!" I screamed as I came.

I could feel my cum shooting out of his hole around his cock as I pumped
more and more of my spoonge into his hole. Finally, I stopped and collapsed
on him once more. This time, however, I grabbed him and turned us both over
so that we were laying side by side.

"Oh, fuck! That was incredible." Keith finally said after a time.

"Yeah! It sure the fuck was! If that was makin' love, then I'm makin' love
from now on!" I grinned at him.

He grinned back.

"Yeah, that was makin' love." he said.

"I fuckin' love you. And I love fuckin' you!" I said.

He laughed!

"Yeah! It was great!" he said.

"You wanna know somethin'?" I asked him.

"What?"

"I gotta piss." I said, giving him an evil grin.

His face lit up!

"I got just the place!" he said.

"It's a long way to the fuckin' basement." I said.

"Who said anything about the basement?" he asked smiling.

"But that's where the shower is." I said.

"Yeah, but there's something up here that's just as much fun. Come on." he
said.

"Can you hold it a minute?" I asked.

"Well...yeah. Why?" he asked.

"Because there's somethin' I really want to do first." I told him.

"Okay." he said, looking at me with questions in his eyes.

Like I said, eating man-butt is one of my favorite things in the world. But
eating man-butt after I just fucked it and it's full of my cum is at the
top of the list! More than anything, I wanted to taste Keith's butt filled
with my spoonge!

I slowly slid my cock from his ass and slid down his body. He must have
immediately known what I was after because he drew his legs back holding
onto his knees and spreading himself open for me. I slid completely down
until my nose was at his crack. Fuck! The scent was incredible! The smells
of his ass plus the smell of cum and fuckin'! I locked my mouth to his
assring and began lickin' and suckin' at it, getting his hole to give up my
now ass flavored cum. I sucked out at much as I could, tasting the
raunchiness of it and holding it in my mouth. I wasn't a selfish bastard
and this I wanted to share.

I moved back over him and he seemed to know what was up because he lifted
his face to mine and pressed his mouth to my own. I opened and allowed the
slimy cum to slide from my mouth to his, both of us groaning and tasting my
butt-flavored seed. We passed the glob of cum back and forth between our
mouths until we finally swallowed it.

"Mmm! That was really tasty! I want to taste it right from the source
soon." he smiled.

"And I wanna taste yours. Soon." I said.

"Hmm. Then maybe we shouldn't go anywhere. Maybe we should stay right
here." he said.

"But I gotta piss. Bad!" I said.

"And so do I. But we can do that without leaving the bed." he said.

"Well...yeah...it won't hurt the leather." I said not really sure about
this.

"No, we won't get a drop on the bed...well...unless you're a sloppy
drinker!" he grinned.

"Huh?" what the fuck was he talking about?

"You want to suck my cock, right?" he asked.

"Yeah!" I enthused.

"And I wanna suck yours but I want to drink your piss, too." he said.

"You do?!" I was surprised at this.

I mean, I wanted to drink his but that was rare for me. Mostly I loved
gettin' piss on or in by a stud. I only drank guys that I was really into!
Keith was special, though. I loved him. I wanted to drink him for a totally
different reason. I wanted to take him inside me, make him a part of me. I
don't know why I felt this way, I just did.

"Yeah. I do. I want you - all of you - inside me." he said softly, his eyes
so full of love that a jolt went through my guts when I saw it.

"Oh, fuck!" was all I could say.

"We can do both at the same time." he said, wiggling out from under me and
turning around on the bed.

His mouth was at my cock and he took it into his warm, wet mouth. Oh, fuck!
That felt so wonderful! His cock was in my face and I leaned forward and
sucked it into my mouth. I could still taste some of his cum inside his
hood and I discovered that I was right. I'd thought his cum would be sweet
and it was! Way more sweet than salty. Not bitter in the least! I waited
and soon his flow of piss started and I began swallowing it! It was sweet
as well! There was nothin' about this boy that wasn't sweet!

When his piss began to flow into my mouth, I let go of mine, slowly. I'd
been drunk a number of times and knew how to keep from drownin' the guy
drinkin' my piss. Keith moaned and was gulping away, drinking down ever bit
I had. We lay there a long time, slowly drinking each other.  The feeling
was incredible - almost as good as cumming! As it went on, my cock began to
harden again as did his. I was pleasantly surprised that he, obviously,
could piss through a hardon like I could. That meant that when he fucked
me, he could piss up my ass as well! And I sure wanted him to fuck me!

When our flow of piss finally came to an end, we kept right on sucking on
each other's cock!  Fuck! Was he a great cocksucker! He took my fuckin'
cock deep in his throat, burying his nose in my pubes! I groaned around his
cock as the muscles of his throat gently massaged the head of Task Junior
who boned harder in appreciation of having such a warm, wet home! I was
takin' his cock deep inside me as well. His cock was huge! From his slender
build, I wouldn't necessarily have guessed this, even having seen it soft.

Because we'd already gotten off, we sucked each other for quite a while
before we started to reach the point of no return. But I was eager to have
his cum inside me now that I had his piss.  He seemed equally eager and I
was rarin' to dump a nice load of my hot spoonge down his throat!

I could feel his cock getting harder and harder and watched his balls
drawing up close to his body and knew it wouldn't be long before I'd
finally taste a full load of his sweet cum. I was so excited about this
that my own cock began to shoot my load down his throat seconds before his
warm cum started jetting into my mouth! Fuck! It tasted so good. I wondered
for a second if I loved it because it was cum, which I loved, or because it
was his cum, who I loved even more. Then I was lost in the feelings and
couldn't think anymore.

We nursed at each other's cock until they went soft and then he turned back
around. He lay in my arms and we kissed each other, lazily licking the
flavor of our own cum out of each other's mouth. Something welled up inside
of me, looking down at this incredibly beautiful boy laying in my arms
who'd so willing given me himself forever.

"I...I...I love you." I whispered.

He smiled.

"I love you, too, Tack. So very much. It will get easier to say." he
grinned, knowing how hard it was for me to say it.

"I just haven't said it. Not since my Dad." I said.

"I understand, babe. Like I said, your body says a lot more than you
can. It tells me how much you love me." he smiled.

"Does it tell you that I'm fuckin' starvin'?" I asked, grinning.

At that point my stomach rumbled with hunger and we both crack up laughing.

"Yeah! It sure does!" he laughed. "Come on. We'll go get something to eat."

"Uhh...do you think we should maybe take a shower?" I asked, noticing that
his cum was covering both our chests and abs from his first cum when I
fucked him.

"Nah! Why? I love the way you smell right now and it won't be the first
time that somebody's walked around here with cum spread all over them!" he
grinned.

"Okay. I love the way your smell right now, too!" I assured him.

We got up off the bed and I took his hand again. I couldn't figure out what
the fuck was goin' on with me! I was becomin' some kind of romantic or
something! I just wanted to keep that physical connection to him, like I
needed it like a lifeline or something. It just felt so warm and good
inside to feel him touching me.

We went downstairs into the kitchen. Mike and Jeff were still sitting
there, having coffee. I guess Bulldog and Rusty had gone to be or down to
the playroom. The smiled as we walked in.

"You guys finally decided to come up for air?" Jeff joked.

"We got hungry." Keith said, blushing.

"I figured you would. Come on, both of you, sit down. I'll fix your
plates." Mike said.

"So how did you two meet, anyway?" Jeff asked.

"Down on San Onofre Beach." I said.

"Oh, up in the dunes?" he grinned.

"No! Down by the waterline actually." Keith asserted.

"I take it the dunes were active when you were stationed there?" I asked
Jeff.

He laughed.

"I think that the dunes have been active since Pendleton was built!" Jeff
said. "I was told about them the first day I got there."

"I think it took two or three days for me to find out about them!" I
laughed.

"What's this about dunes?" Mike asked.

"Uhh...I've never taken you there." Jeff said, blushing.

"Okay, what's this about, lover?" Mike asked.

"Well...you see...just off the base property there's this clothing optional
beach...and...well..." he started to say.

"And young Jarheads are known to frequent these dunes where certain sexual
behavior proscribed by military regulations often takes place. Is that
about it?" Mike asked.

"See what happens when you marry an English teacher!" Jeff said to me. Then
he turned to Mike.  "Yes, lover that's what happens."

"And I take it you never went there, of course!" Mike was grinning at Jeff.

"I might have. Perhaps a couple of times. Purely out of curiosity and long
before I met you." Jeff grinned back.

I looked at Keith questioningly and he looked back grinning, assuring me
that this was not going to devolve into an argument, the Mike and Jeff were
just having fun with each other. After all, Keith had repeated the rule to
me about 'No Jealousy'. Evidently, Mike and Jeff had been together long
enough that this kind of bantering pretty much went on all the time. I
wondered if Keith and I would ever end up sounding like them. Maybe. I just
prayed that we'd stay together like Mike and Jeff did.

The microwave buzzed and Mike pulled out plates for us. The food was
excellent and there was plenty of it! Keith told me Mike made dinner and I
complimented him on it and asked if he'd ever worked as a chef. He laughed
and told me he'd tell me sometime how he'd been trained to cook.

They asked me about my job in the Corps and what my plans were. They were
gentle about it, but it was the same kind of grilling a prospective
'son-in-law' gets from parents. I'd been expecting it and it was a lot
nicer than I figured it was going to be.

"Well...I had wanted to make the Corps my career, but I can already see
that ain't gonna work. I could be transferred anywhere at any time. Now,
before I met Keith, that was just fine with me.  But I don't want to put
him through that and I don't want to go through it either! So I guess I'm
gonna get out when my enlistment is up. That's in about sixty days." I
said.

"So what are you gonna do?" Jeff asked.

"Damned if I know! I mean, there ain't much call for weapons experts out in
civilian life. And that's all I been trained for." I said.

"What about school? Trade school or even college?" Mike asked.

"Well...Trade school would be okay. I ain't cut out to be in college." I
said. "But I still gotta pay rent and eat while I do that."

"No you don't." Jeff said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Tack, didn't you hear Bulldog before? You're part of the family
now. You're Keith's lover.  That makes you as much a part of the family as
he is. Unless you two are talking about living someplace else, this is your
home now. You don't have to pay rent or anything while you're going to
school and all of us pitch in to help family members pay for schooling. You
won't have to do that either." Jeff said.

I sat there stunned! I had no idea how these guys felt about things! This
talk about 'family' was really serious!

"But I can't ask you guys to do that for me! You just met me!" I said.

"So what? You joined the family when you told Keith that you wanted to. You
did say you wanted to, didn't you?" Mike asked.

"Yeah. I did." I answered.

"Well...Dad did it for me and then we're all doing it for Keith. When you
learn a skill or trade and begin to make money, that will pay us all back
by enriching the family. Trust me. It will all work out." Mike said.

And the funny thing is, I really felt like he was right. Things would work
out.

The End of Chapter Twenty Six of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Wed, 25 Feb 2004 15:45:22 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 25

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Five - Dinner At 'The Cleaver's' It Ain't!

So we put on our clothes and we walk back to the beach and then to the
parking lot where he'd left his car - a sweet little Miata. He said it was
a 'hand-me-down' from his teacher-lover. We drove down into Oceanside to a
nice neighborhood of older homes. Well-kept and quiet. We pulled into the
driveway and I could see a large garage behind the house with what looked
like an apartment on the second floor.

When we got to door, Keith asked me to stay outside while he 'prepared' his
other family for me.  He explained that he wasn't kidding about them being
naked all the time but that since I was dressed, they'd want to throw on
something - at least until we were all better acquainted. I understood and
he was only gone a few minutes.

In that time, however, I started to have real misgivings about this. I
mean, what the fuck was I doing? I was going home with a beautiful kid who
lived with four older guys - three of them former members of the Corps -
all of whom were his 'fuck-buddies' and had been his foster- parents! Not
only that, but one of the pairs was actually father and son! And the son
had been his teacher in high school! What a complicated mess! And what the
fuck was I doing there! I didn't want to get hooked up in this menage
a...ahh...whatever five is in French! I was the one who didn't ever want to
get tied up with anybody!

But right then, before I could figure out how to get out of this, Keith
came back. And when I looked into that beautiful face and those incredible
blue eyes, every bit of sense I thought I had just disappeared and I just
wanted to look at him, look deep into those eyes forever!

"Come on in. They're waiting to meet you. They're really excited." Keith
said.

Oh, fuck! What in the fuck was I getting into? But did I say that?

"Great! I'm excited to meet them!" I enthused.

Oh, shit! Now I was in for it!

We went inside and he took me into the large kitchen. Sitting there were
four guys. From Keith's description I knew who everybody sitting around the
large kitchen table. There was no doubt that Bulldog and Mike were father
and son. It was like looking at a younger and older version of the same
person. That left Rusty and Jeff to sort out but knowing that Rusty had
dark red hair, it made it easy. The dark haired stud had to be
Jeff. Damn. These guys may be older but they certainly weren't old! And
every one of them a fuckin' stud! Bodies that most guys half their age
would give their left nut for! No wonder Keith loved these guys and loved
having sex with them!  I started to re-evaluate my idea of being part of
this family! At least, having the experience of making it with all these
studs!

"Guys, this is Tack." Keith announced to them.

"Good to meet you, Corporal!" Mike senior said, putting out his hand to
give me a firm handshake. "I'm Mike but you can call me Bulldog!"

"Uhh...thank you, sir." I said, shaking hands with him.

"No need to stand on formality, son. I'm not in the Corps anymore and I
wasn't an officer. I was a master sergeant, just like Rusty here." Bulldog
said.

The dark red haired stud reached out his hand as well.

"Hello, Tack. I'm Rusty." the red-headed stud said.

"Good to meet you." I said.

Then the blond-headed stud who had to be Bulldog's son stuck out his hand.

"Hello, Tack. I'm Mike also called Mikey." he said.

"Hello. I could tell. Keith told me that you look like Bulldog and you sure
do!" I said.

I was picturing in my mind Bulldog fucking this stud who was his son and
the vision didn't freak me out like I thought it would! In fact, I could
feel Tack Junior waking up at the vision!

"I'm Jeff." the last stud stuck out his hand.

Well, I could see that, beside Keith, Jeff was the most incredible stud of
all of them! I figured him for about as tall as me with dark hair. Now,
it's true that I prefer dark haired guys like Jeff or dark red-headed stud
like Rusty but I had to admit that Bulldog and Mike were not guys I would
turn down - ever! And, of course, Keith, with his long, blond hair had
given me an instant woody! Fuck! I could really see myself with all of
these studs! One at a time or all at once!

But, beyond that, there was Keith. As beautiful as these studs were, I
couldn't even look of them with Keith standing there. I kept getting the
twinges in my gut every time I looked at him. I thought that, after a
while, I'd get used to his looks and the twinges would stop but it hadn't
happened yet. I knew something strange was going on inside me but I had not
idea what! I just know that I couldn't take my eyes off of him.

"Well, it's going to be while until dinner is ready. Keith, why don't you
show Tack the house?"  Bulldog suggested.

"That's a great idea!" Keith said, winking at me.

"Yeah. You might want to start with the basement." Mike said, grinning at
Keith.

"Yeah! That would be a good place to start." Keith said. "But don't you
think we all have too many clothes on?"

"Well, that's kind of up to Tack. He's the guest. If he's comfortable with
nudity, I can't see any reason to keep our clothes on." Bulldog said.

"Hey, it's your home! Keith's told me about your 'rules' and I'm more than
willing to strip." I said.

"Good man!" Bulldog laughed!

At that point, they all stood up. They were all wearing t-shirts and small
gym shorts. From the bulges I could see in the shorts, they weren't wearing
anything else. They all began stripping at once, kind of like they'd done
this before.

Now, I was used to seeing guys strip and go naked in the barracks all the
time and I hung out on San Onofre beach any time I got the chance but
somehow this was different. Knowing what I knew about these studs, there
was something very sexual in the air. I couldn't explain it and Tack Junior
didn't need no explanation. He just kinda 'smelled' the sexuality in the
air and started to peak out of his hood for a better smell of what was
going on. As I stripped, I couldn't keep my eyes off these guys. Fuck! I'd
never seen such good-sized, uncut meat on four guys in my life!  Each of
these studs was hung better than the next one with Jeff being the best hung
of all! I didn't know how big that thing got but I was more than willing to
measure it for him! I'd love to see how far it went down my throat or up my
ass!

Then I realized why I was 'smelling' sex in the air! What I was smelling
was the very intense scent of raw, unwashed male! So Keith wasn't the only
one in his 'family' who was into man- scents! All of them were! Hot Fucking
Damn!

"You ready for the tour?" Keith's voice took me unawares, I was so busy
scoping out his 'family'.

"Yeah, I guess I am." I said, feeling like a kid caught with his hand in
the cookie jar and not really knowin' why.

"Yes, I guess you are." Keith said, with a little chuckle and a glimmer of
amusement in his eyes as he looked down my body.

Tack Junior was definitely ready! Not hard and dripping but damn
near. Keith reached out and took my hand and again I felt the charge of
energy go through me and now Tack Junior was full- up boned and drippin'
cock-snot! It was just a simple gesture, holding his hand but, with all of
my sexual exploits - and there were plenty of them, starting back in the
group home when I was 14 and got and gave my first blowjob - I had never,
ever held hands with another guy! Just never happened! I didn't know what
to think other than, for some reason, it felt so good that I sure didn't
want to let go!

Keith directed me to a door which opened to reveal a set of steps heading
down into the basement. I couldn't exactly understand why we were going to
the basement but obviously he knew what he was doing and I was just along
for the ride. After all, I couldn't see what the fuck was so special about
a basement! Every basement I'd ever been in had been dank and filled with
junk that people didn't want anymore but didn't want to get rid of. Which
made no fucking sense to me, but then a lot of things that people did
didn't make any sense to me - like, having sex and getting off really good
and then feeling guilty about it! That was the dumbest fuckin' thing I ever
heard of! I mean, if you didn't want to do it to begin with then don't do
it! If you did it and enjoyed it - shut up and stop whining!

When we got downstairs and Keith turned on the lights, I got the shock of
my life! This was like no basement that I'd ever seen or even knew existed!
There were like these little spotlights in the corners of the ceiling and
along the walls up where the wall joined the ceiling. They were all focused
on what looked like a platform that was about the biggest bed I'd ever seen
in my life!  The thing had to be 10 feet square, covered in leather with
bolster pillows on it that were also covered in leather. The walls on two
side of it were mirrored, floor to ceiling and even the ceiling was mirror
- all of them reflecting the 'platform' bed which sat in a pool of light
from the little spotlights.

Against the back wall I could see a huge open shower with what looked like
five or six showerheads and all tiled. There were doors in the all to the
right and to the left leading to God only knows what?!

"This is the 'playroom'." Keith smiled.

"Playroom?" I asked.

"Yeah. This is where a lot of the sex among us goes on." Keith said.

"Well, I guess you'd need a fucking bed that big for the five of you." I
said.

Keith laughed.

"Yeah, sometimes it does get a little crowded!"

"So what's with the shower?" I asked.

"That's for watersports! And we actually shower there most mornings. All
five of us together when we can." he said.

"Fuck! It's huge! Bigger than the one in the barracks and that's for 40
guys!" I said.

"Well, we like a lot of room!" he chuckled.

"But there's...uhh, what? Six showerheads? But they're's only 5 of you?" I
asked.

"Bulldog put in six when he had this built. Mikey keeps kidding me that the
last showerhead is for my lover, whenever I finally find one. He says that
will make the 'family' complete." he said.

"I thought he was your lover. In fact, I thought they all were?" I said,
confused.

This was the part I didn't fully understand yet.

"Well, yes and no. We are all lovers in the respect that we all love each
other and we all have sex together and it's kind of up to the individuals
who we sleep with each night. But Mikey and Jeff were lovers first and
Bulldog and Rusty became lovers. In the meantime, Mikey and Jeff were
having sex with Bulldog and then it was Jeff who met Rusty and brought him
home to have sex with Mikey. They knew, however that both Rusty and Bulldog
were looking for someone 'special' to spend their life with and Mikey and
Jeff put them together. They fell in love. But none of them wanted to give
up having sex with the other three because they had some very strong
feelings of love for each other. So, they formed the 'family'. But Bulldog
and Rusty are still a couple and so are Mikey and Jeff. I'm kind of a 'free
spirit'. One day I'll find the guy I want to spend my life with." Keith
said.

"But what if he doesn't want to be part of the 'family'? What if he wants
you all to himself?" I asked.

"I don't know. That would be very difficult for me. Bulldog, Rusty, Jeff
and Mikey have always told me that I can leave anytime I want to, either to
be on my own or to live with a lover but I don't want to leave. I love all
four of them. I love being around them. I love making love with them but I
do want someone special. Just like Bulldog has Rusty and Mikey has Jeff. I
know, it's fucked up but that's the way it is." he said hesitantly.

"I don't think it's fucked up at all! I think it is really cool! I mean, I
didn't know how I was gonna really feel about them, but your family are
really cool. Not to mention they are four of the most incredible studs I've
ever seen in my life!" I said and knew I was telling him the truth.

Keith just beamed at me! Fuck! None of those spotlights could hold a candle
to his smile!

"God! I so hoped you'd feel that way. Let me ask you...could you maybe see
yourself getting it on with any of them?" he asked.

I started laughing.

"Fuck! I could see getting it on with all of them...one at a time or
together!" I said, amazed that I would share that intimate a thought with
him, but it felt comfortable to share stuff inside me with him now. I
didn't know why. It just did. "But, I'll be honest. I'd rather be with
you."

This last I said quietly, looking at him longingly. I was so hungry for
him, I thought I could die! I wanted to touch him, to hold him, to feel my
cock sliding gently in his ass! I had this really weird feeling that I
wanted to fill him with my cum and make him mine - forever! What the fuck
was up with that?!

Keith didn't say anything, he just took my hand again and led me to the
huge bed. He climbed onto it, pulling me with him. When I got on the bed,
he was suddenly in my arms, our naked bodies pressed to each other. I
couldn't believe how unbelievably good he felt against me! How perfectly
his body fit to mine. How wonderful he felt in my arms - like no other guy
I'd ever been with! I looked into his eyes and then I pressed my mouth to
his.

We were lost in that kiss - well, at least I was lost - for a very long
time! The taste of him was incredible and I couldn't get enough! His lips
were soft as was his skin but that was all that was 'soft' about him. His
hard cock was pressed against Tack Junior and Tack Junior was loving every
second of it! It was like they belonged together! Just as it started to
dawn on me that so did Keith and me. That's what those strange fuckin'
feelings I'd been having were! Oh, fuck! This couldn't be happening! I'd
never expected or wanted it! I was fuckin' falling in love with him!

I don't know why I did it...I guess I got really scared....but I pulled
away from him. Pulled away from his mouth, pulled out of his arms and moved
away from him, sitting on the edge of the platform bed, my feet on the
platform and my elbows resting on my knees with my face in my hands. I
didn't know what the fuck was up or down! I swore I'd never fuckin' love
anybody!  Love fuckin' hurt! There was never anything but pain! I knew that
from lovin' my Dad!  Watching him kill himself with the junk! I'd never
accepted love or loved anybody - ever again! I swore I wouldn't! I just
didn't want the pain! I kept fucking guys and letting them fuck me but I
wouldn't ever let myself care about any of them! I wouldn't let myself fall
in love! Love fuckin' hurt!

And here it was again! I could feel my guts knotting up inside me! I wanted
Keith! I wanted him so bad! I wanted to hold him and protect him so nobody
would ever hurt him again and here I was - hurtin' because of it!

"Tack.." I heard his voice and felt the gentle touch of his hand on my
shoulder.

It was like a fuckin' knife going through me! I groaned at the pain of it!

"Tack..what's wrong? Please...talk to me." he said softly.

And then it happened. I hadn't fuckin' cried since my Dad died when I was
12! Swore I'd never do that again either! Men didn't fuckin' cry! Men
sucked it up and didn't give into being weak and vulnerable! And that's
exactly what I was at that moment! Weak and vulnerable. I wanted to run out
of that house so fast and so far that nobody would ever find me! But I
could feel Keith gently pulling me into his arms as I began fuckin'
sobbing! Crying like all those years of pain and loneliness inside me were
all comin' out at once!

He just held me, making soft noises and stroking my head. My arms were
around him, clinging to him like he was the last refuge on earth or
somethin'! I just knew, somehow, that it was me that needed to be kept safe
and Keith was the one to do that! Somehow cryin' in his arms didn't make it
so bad. Somehow it felt okay to let go for once and be weak - let him be
strong for me! I couldn't believe it! He didn't look that strong but he
sure as fuck felt that way.

It took a long time for me to get myself back under control. I guess you
don't hold in 10 years of hurt and pain and just let go of it all in a
couple of minutes. When it was over, though, I didn't know what to do! I
was so ashamed of myself! I'd disgraced myself in front of this guy that I
was fuckin' fallin' for! I'd been a weak and sniveling idiot! I'd fuckin'
bawled like a fuckin' baby! I tried to pull out of his arms and run
away...hide my shame at what I'd let him see! But I didn't realize how
fucking strong he was! His arms locked around me and wouldn't let me go!

"No, Tack. Don't run away. Please, dear God! Don't run away!" he begged.

"Bu...but...I...I fuckin'... you can't think much of me...after that..." I
stuttered.

"Think much of you?! Oh, Tack! I have more respect for you than I thought
was possible!" he said and I could tell he meant it!

"Huh?! How...?" I tried to ask but couldn't get it out.

"Tack, a man isn't strong because he holds everything in! A man is
strongest when he can openly show his pain. When he can be
vulnerable. That's a strong man! My God! I'm so grateful you let me be the
one that you allowed to be here with you!" he said, his voice so full
of...well...full of love!

I looked up at him. I must have looked a mess, my eyes red from crying and
snot running out of my nose, my face all wet with the tears I cried but he
smiled at me and leaned forward and gently licked his tongue across the
wetness of my tears. I thought I would die at that moment! It was such a
loving gesture that I nearly started bawling again. I wiped my nose on the
back of my arm (there was some disadvantages to being naked!) and then I
felt his hands pulling my face back to his. He gently kissed me on the
lips. No tongue, just a simple kiss but there was so much love in it, I
could hardly bear the rush of feeling that went through me.

"Tack," he said, pulling back from the kiss and looking into my
eyes. "Until you broke down, I knew that I could potentially love you. But
I was afraid to. Even with all that you told me about yourself, I was
afraid you'd never let me inside. Never let me see the real you, the soft
and gentle man that I knew was inside of you. I knew I could never allow
myself to love a man who kept part of himself locked away from me. You told
me that you never lied - never told a guy you loved him when you didn't. I
don't lie either, Tack. I love you. I love you totally, utterly and
completely. I love you so much I want to spend the rest of my life with
you." and saying this, he let go of my face and took his arms from around
me. "I understand that this probably has scared the living shit right out
of you! Now, you can run away just as hard and fast as you want to. I just
had to tell you that before you did."

I sat there stunned! How the fuck could he read my fucking mind?! That's
exactly what I wanted to do! Run away from him just as hard and as fast as
I could! I wanted to get away and put myself together and forget that I'd
ever met him! Forget everything that had happened today!

And at the same time, I knew what a shithead I was being! There was no
fuckin' way I could forget him! No fuckin' way I could erase from my mind
what had happened. Worse, no fuckin' way I could make my heart stop lovin'
him! No! I'd past the point that I could run away now.  Probably fuckin'
passed it the moment I took his hand there on the fuckin' beach! I just sat
there, looking at him, stunned at knowing that I felt the same way. I
wanted to spend the rest of my fuckin' life with him.

"I...uhh...I can't." I managed to get out. "I swore to fuckin' God I'd
never say this to another human being the rest of my fuckin'
life...but...I...uhh...I love you. I do! I fuckin' love you! I want to
spend the rest of my life with you! I gotta be fuckin' crazy but that's how
I feel! I love you so much it fuckin' hurts!"

He looked at me smiling, with so much fuckin' love in his eyes, it about
ripped my guts out!  That's what I'd seen in his eyes on the beach! He must
have had those feelin's for me from the beginning, just as I did for
him. But he knew what he was feelin'! I'd kept myself from every carin'
about anybody for so long, I couldn't even fuckin' recognize it anymore!

"I can't fuckin' believe this! I'm sittin' here tellin' you that I want to
spend my whole fuckin' life with you and we haven't even fucked!" I grinned
stupidly at him.

"I don't want to 'fuck' you, Tack. I want to make love to you. I want to
show you how much I love you. I want to feel you inside me! I want you to
make us 'one'. A part of each other." he said softly.

"Oh, God fuckin' damn! I want that so bad!" I swore.

"But not here." he said. "Come on. We'll go upstairs to my room. I want
this to be something private and special, just between us."

That's when it hit me! Just between us? What about those four guys
upstairs, his 'family'. What about them?

"Uhh...what about...uhh..." I stuttered.

I fuckin' couldn't get my fuckin' mouth to work for some reason! I was
sounding dumber than a fuckin' grunt!

"What about my family? They'll understand. Trust me." he smiled.

"No...uhh...I mean...uhh..."

Fuck! Why couldn't I get the fuckin' words out?!

"Ohh! You mean...yeah...well, it's like I told you. You can be a part of
the family or not. It's up to you. I won't stop loving you, no matter what
you decided." he said quietly.

"But you love them. You want to be a part of them. I know that. I don't
want to take you away from them. I don't want to do that to you." I said.

"Tack, this isn't about me. This is about you. This is about how you
feel. If you want me as yours exclusively, I'll do that. If you want to be
a part of the family, if you want to learn how to love my family, then I'm
willing to do that as well. Remember the second house rule? No jealousy."
he said.

Could I be in love with him and still have sex with those four studs
upstairs? Well that was a fuckin' easy question to answer! Fuck, yeah! No
problem at all! Could I love them? Could I think of them as 'my' family?
All of a sudden, it hit me! That was IT! That's what I wanted. I wanted
what I'd never had! A family! People who would love me and accept me, just
the way I am! Just the way they'd done for Keith! I looked at him and
grinned.

"I never had a family. It was only my Dad and me and, when he died, the
group home. I think I want to be a part of your family almost as much as I
want you." I said quietly.

His eyes lit up and he hit me with that fuckin' grin of his and I just sat
there, feelin' like I was melting into a puddle! Fuck, I never met ANYBODY
that made me feel this way before! It was a little scary but I was lovin'
every minute of it!

"Oh, Tack! Yes! Oh, God, yes!" he enthused.

But I had some misgivings.

"Uhh...but...well...uhh...do you think they'll want...uhh...me?" I asked
hesitantly.

He grinned again.

"Tack, part of being a family is trusting each other. Really trusting each
other. They already knew that I was falling in love with you when I brought
you home. If they had any concerns about you, trust me! They would have
already said them! You don't know this family! Nobody holds things back! We
tell each other the truth! I saw the looks in their eyes. They definitely
approve of you!  And that was before you got naked!" he laughed.

"Really? They do?!" I was amazed.

Not that I was a bad guy or anything, despite some of my past, but here I
was, looking to take their youngest family member away from them
maybe. 'Course, not now. No! Now I wanted Keith but I wanted to be a part
of them as well! I wanted to be Keith's 'special person' but I wanted what
it was they all had together as well!

As I thought about this, I happened to glance over at the back wall to the
open shower. I realized that I wanted that sixth showerhead to be mine. And
this made me smile!

"What?" he asked, looking around to see what I was staring at.

"That fuckin' showerhead is mine!" I grinned at him.

He didn't say anything, he just threw his arms around my neck and pressed
his mouth to mine! I wrapped my arms around him, feeling the warmth and the
strength of his body as I kissed him deeply, tasting him as our tongues
slid against each other.

"Come on. Let's go upstairs." he murmured, finally pulling his mouth from
mine.

"Fuck, yeah!" I enthused, grinning at him.

This time, I took his hand and he smiled at me. We climbed the stairs
together and Keith led me back into the kitchen. His family was all still
there, sitting at the table, drinking beer and talking.  Their conversation
stopped and they looked up at us when we walked in.

"Uhh, guys... please don't wait dinner for us. We're going upstairs." Keith
said, and I noticed he blushed!

"We'll leave something for both of you." Mikey said smiling.

"Yeah! We'll leave plenty. Figure you'll be starved." Jeff said chuckling.

Jeff and I looked at each other and smiled. Yeah! That was the family
member I wanted to get it on with first! And we both knew it!

"Uhh...guys...there's something else..." Keith said hesitantly.

Bulldog looked at him and grinned.

"Maybe like we just ran out of showerheads?" he asked.

I think even Keith was shocked at that! I know I was!

"Uhh...yeah..." he said softly.

"Well, you two run upstairs. I'm sure there's a lot that you want to do
together. And, Tack..."  Bulldog said.

"Yes, sir?" I answered automatically.

"Welcome to the family, son." he said.

And this like bolt of lightening went through my guts! Welcome to the
'family'! Those had to be the best four words I ever heard! Right next to
the three most wonderful fuckin' words of all...Keith sayin' 'I love you'!

"Thank you. Thank you so much!" I said and meant it from the bottom of my
heart!

"You two run along! We'll see you later!" Rust grinned.

I looked at Keith and he looked at me and, hand in hand, we went upstairs.

The End of Chapter Twenty Five of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Tue, 24 Feb 2004 19:18:06 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 24

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Four - A New Voice, A Marine Voice: Tack

"Hey, Tack! Wait up!" the voice called from over my shoulder.

I looked back to see my best friend, Corporal Thomas Larson McKinley,
running his short little legs off to catch up. Yes, I said McKinley. Yes,
of that McKinley family. Produced a President once upon a time. Now what
they produced is Tommy, who at all of 5'6" tall and about 190 pounds of
thick, squat muscles was about the shortest non-com at Camp Pendleton. But
that didn't mean that anybody messed with him! Those that did, when he was
in boot camp, soon learned the error of their ways. Tommy may be short but
he was one little bull when he got riled up! He'd sent more than one taller
grunt to the base hospital!

Tommy and me went through boot camp together and for some reason became
best friends. Lot of people think we look kinda like Schwarzenegger and
Devito in the movie "Twins", me bein' 6'4" with blond hair and Tommy bein'
so short and with dark hair. But it didn't matter to us. We like each
other. Hell! We respected each other. We'd both made corporal at the same
time and both planned on being career Marines. There were other things we
had in common as well.

"Come on, man! I wanna get there while there's still sun!" I said.

He trotted up next to me and spoke quietly so that only I could hear him.

"You wanna get there while their's still Jarhead butt to be had!" he
chuckled quietly.

"Shut the fuck up! You want somebody to hear you?! You wanna get us bounced
out of the Corps with a dishonorable discharge, you shithead?!" I fumed at
him.

That was one of the other things. Probably the most important other
thing. Tommy knew I was gay. It came out one night while we were drinking
and, at that point, truly shit-faced! I was real depressed that night
because two guys had been caught over in one of the other barracks just
havin' a little mutual jack-off session in the showers after lights out and
were immediately given dishonorable discharges and pack off back to their
families to try and explain why they'd been thrown out of the Corps! Just
for jackin' off in front of each other! They way I heard it from one of
them, they'd never even touched each other!

I suppose it should have pushed me further back in the closet than I
already was but, instead, it kind of pushed me further 'out'! I was pissed
at the stupidity of the U.S. military in general and the U.S. Marine Corps
in particular for not accepting that guys who sucked cock and fucked ass
could still be men! Could still fight for their country and serve honorably
in the service!

Even as drunk as he was that night - as we both were! - Tommy didn't take
long to figure out that I was taking this way too personally which, given
the circumstances was tantamount to wearing a rainbow flag on my uniform
and knowin' all the words to "Y.M.C.A."! He finally asked me, point blank,
if I was gay. At first, I tried dancin' around his question, not giving him
an answer but finally he asked me point blank again, demanding a simple
'yes' or 'no'. I tried to hold back but instead, in my drunken stupidity, I
blurted out:

"Yeah, I am, motherfucker! What the fuck is it to you!"

Tommy looked at me and his voice got low.

"It's a lot to me, Tack, because I am, too."

Well! That hit me like a projectile from a fuckin' howitzer! Nah! Couldn't
be! Thomas Larson fuckin' McKinley - gay?! No way!

"Your fuckin' lyin'!" I insisted.

"No, Tack. I'm not lying to you. I really am." he said and I could tell
finally that he was telling the truth.

We spent that night, talking about our early experiences and the
difficulties that we'd had growing up and knowing that we were
'different'. We recounted our successes and failures at getting through
puberty while trying to work out our 'difference' from the young
heterosexual males around us.

This bonded us not only as friends but as 'brothers'. Fellow military
closet dwellers. What especially made the friendship solid was the fact
that we didn't go for the same type of guy so there was no competition
between us - an important part of friendship!

"Woo! You're mean when your horny!" he laughed, punching me lightly in the
ribs.

Even lightly there was some pain!

"Cut it out! We ain't got time for this shit!" I said starting to walk
faster.

Tommy was pumpin' his short legs, tryin' to keep up!

"Hey! Tack! Come on! Slow down! Short legs here!" he protested.

"Make them short legs move fast or get left behind!" I growled.

"Man you must be really horny! Or is it something else eating at
you. Something like a certain Sergeant?" he asked, grinning.

"Fuckin' asshole's been ridin' my butt all week! Fuckin' asshole is so dumb
he couldn't pour piss out of a boot with the directions written on the heel
but he thinks he's God's gift to the United States Marine Corps!" I
growled, continuing to walk fast and not look at Tommy.

"Well, just two more days and he retires and he's out of your life
forever!" Tommy reminded me.

"Yeah, two whole days for me to have to keep from killin' him!" I said. "If
I hear him say that there's 'three ways to do things, boy! The right way,
the wrong way and the Marine way!' one more time, I think I will kill him!
Put a bullet in his gut!" I said.

"Bullet in the gut! Now, that's revenge! That's an awful slow way to die,
Tack!" he grinned.

"Ain't got no choice, Tommy! Can't take a head shot, he ain't got no brains
to hit! And he ain't got no heart neither so that's out! All that's left is
the gut! And there's plenty of that from all the beer he pours down him
every night at the NCO club!" I insisted.

"Well, we got a whole afternoon with nothin' to do but lay naked in the sun
and maybe have some fun with cute Jarheads!" he enthused.

"Yeah." I sort of chuckled. "The Corps does attract some pretty studly
little playthings, don't it?!"

"Not to mention what all that training does to their bodies! Fuck, I don't
think there's a prettier sight in the whole fuckin' world than naked
Jarhead butt!" Tommy laughed.

"Unless it's the sight of my nine inches poundin' that butt until he's
sceamin'!" I laughed with him.

Where we were headed was San Onofre beach. It's the closest 'clothing
optional' beach to Los Angeles and just happens to be right at the southern
end of Camp Pendleton. In fact, the beach continues up to beach that is
part of Camp Pendleton but that part is accessible only to military
personnel. There are 'nature trails' all over the place and it doesn't take
much imagination to figure out what goes on among the dunes - especially
since it's frequented by young, studly Marines. I coulda said young, HORNY,
studly Marines but, face it - you say young Marine, you've already said
horny as a given! Many the afternoon I'd spent poundin' my cock up tight,
Marine butthole or havin' my dirt road plowed by thick Marine cock! Oh,
there were civilians as well, but most of them didn't begin to match a
Marine for body, butt, horniness or raunchiness either, for that matter.

You see, I'm kinda a raunch pig. Oh, fuck! It ain't fuckin' 'kinda', I'm a
raunch pig from the git- go! Love mansmells! A guy's sweaty pits, musty
crotch and, especially a ripe butt-crack! Love to snort whatever stink a
stud's body's got to give. Love to chow down on it as well, tastin' the
raunch of his body. To me there ain't no better scent in the world than a
man's natural body! No fuckin' cologne and no fuckin' deodorant either. And
if he ain't showered in a day or two - I'm in fuckin' heaven! Especially if
he's uncut like I am and has some 'dick-cheese' to feed me! My favorite
fuckin' snack! Love the pungent taste and smell of smegma!

Beyond that, I'm really into piss! Love to get showered by a stud's piss,
drink it down or, if he's able, to shove his hard cock up my ass and fill
me up with as much man-piss as he's got to give! I couldn't count the
number of young Jarhead's I'd introduced to the joy of pissin' on another
stud or bein' pissed on. Yeah, I go both ways! Love to piss on young
warriors or have their cocksuckin' mouths at the end of my dick, drinkin'
down my golden juice! Best of all, I love to shove my meat up their tight
asses and give them a piss enema! Unlike most guys, I can piss through a
hardon so I take full advantage of my ability!

That's one of the things that's different between me an Tommy. He like's
his studs just showered or at least sometime in the last couple of
hours. Won't eat a butt unless it's absolutely clean! I keep tellin' him -
'Tommy! A manbutt ain't a manbutt unless it smells like a manbutt!'. But he
won't listen. Well, to each their own, I guess. It sure leaves more Jarhead
butt for me to eat!  Especially the 'virgins'. Them guys who ain't never
been with another guy except maybe some best friend at home who they used
to jack off with. Guys who'd never had some stud sniffin' and licking their
shitholes! They tend to be less 'fastidious', if you get my drift. Fuck!
You oughta see the look on their faces when I first put my very talented
tongue to their holes! The first thing you see is a look of utter and
complete disgust. This lasts maybe ten seconds - until the feeling of
havin' their hole licked hits their brain! Then this look of total rapture
takes over as they become aware of the erotic nature of their butthole for
just about the first time in their lives.

I don't just eat butt because I love it. (And I DO love it!) I eat it
because it's the most sure-fire way of getting a guy to give up his virgin
shit-chute to your hard fuck-tool! You get that hole relaxed and start
fuckin' it with your tongue, it puts ideas in guy's heads! Ideas maybe they
never had before! Like, if a tongue feels that good then maybe somethin'
longer and harder might feel even better. Before you know it, their hot,
tight, formerly virgin hole is wrapped around your manmeat and he's beggin'
you to pound the shit outa his hole just like the natural-born slut that he
is! And, yeah! He's a slut! All guys are! Fuckin' horndogs every one of us
- from the time our dicks first get hard until they fuckin' bury us!

That's why I've decided that the very last thing I ever want is to get
hooked up permanently with any guy! Too many butts I want to eat and fuck!
Too many cock's I want to swallow cum and piss from! To many hot studs to
ever tie myself down to one! Why the fuck do you think I joined the Marine
Corps to begin with! Oh, yeah. I wanna serve my country and all that but,
underneath it all, I knew from the time I was real little and saw a Marine
Corps recruiting poster with a studly young Marine standing there in his
sexy fuckin' dress blues that there was no greater collection of the kind
of men that turned my crank than among Uncle Sam's Misguided Children!  I
personally was on a mission to eat and fuck every ripe Marine butt in the
USMC! Or die tryin'!

Because this was a weekday afternoon, there were mostly young Jarheads on
the beach in various states of undress - most of them bare-assed naked. As
Tommy and I spread out our blankets on the sand and stripped out of our
jeans, t-shirts and sandals, I started to scope out the possible prey for
this afternoon's hunt. That's kinda how I thought of it, like I was a tiger
in the jungle pursuing my prey to feed my hunger. And, fuck! I loved the
thrill of the hunt! Tracking and isolating my prey before moving in for the
kill!

I saw several prime candidates for this afternoon's mission, new meat that
had not been dangling at the end of my hard cock before, along with some
previous 'victims' who, I knew, would be more than happy to have their
asses plowed again. I was just settling on a Jarhead that I'd seen on the
beach before but hadn't made a play for because he usually was there with a
group of friends so I'd never had the chance to get him alone. This time he
appeared to be here by himself. I was just figuring the best approach when
HE came walking down the beach at the waters edge!

FUCK! He had to be the most beautiful boy I'd ever seen in my whole fucking
life! Tall, slender but with really defined muscles, a 'swimmer's'
build. He walked with the grace of a young panther, carrying a rolled up
beach towel in his hand. A nice even, all-over tan which meant that he must
come here often though, trust me, I'd never seen him before. No fuckin' way
I could forget someone who looked like that!. A long, thick uncut cock and
almost no pubes told me he was young. His long, blond, shoulder-length hair
told me he wasn't a Jarhead - which, at that moment, didn't mean shit to
me! He was totally hot and totally fuckable! He had a bubble butt that just
cried out to be fucked long and hard!

But it was his face that drove me crazy! A face so beautiful it almost hurt
to look at it! A face that was almost too beautiful to be on a guy! Not
that he looked or seemed in any way 'feminine', it's just you don't expect
that kind of beauty on a male! Any male! All I could think about was
holding that beautiful body in my arms and kissing those red, pouty lips
while I slowly slid my butt-rammer up his tight, young butthole!

"Up periscope!"

The voice of Tommy, chuckling at me, cut through my fantasy. I looked down
to see that my cock was fully boned and leaking cock-snot like a faucet!
And all I'd done is look at this male beauty! Fuck! Almost no guy has ever
had that an immediate effect on me!

I blushed in embarrassment! I mean, yeah, guys get hardons the beach all
the time, but it was like an unwritten rule that unless you wanted to do
something with their cock, you politely ignored it and they did the same
for you! Tommy, on the other hand, didn't have a polite bone in his body
and took great delight in pointing out any time Tack Junior got hard! He
also was apt to stare in rapt attention at any hardon within a five hundred
foot radius to our position!

"Shut the fuck up!" I growled in my embarrassment.

"He is really something! About the most beautiful boy I've ever seen in my
life! Your type to a 'T', except for one thing." Tommy said.

"And what's that?" I asked.

"Civilian! You know you prefer Jarhead butt." Tommy reminded me.

"Man! When the butt is that nice and the rest of him is so fuckin'
beautiful, I'll hang my fuckin' dog-tags around his fuckin' neck and
pretend!" I swore.

"Yeah, and how is that hair gonna fit into your fantasy?" he grinned.

"Fine! Just fine! I wanna feel it brushing over my fuckin' crotch while I
lay back and he swallows all of my nine inches down his throat!" I
exclaimed.

"But you like guys with dark or red hair. You don't like blonds!" Tommy
said.

"I like THAT blond!" I insisted.

"Well, there is one OTHER problem." Tommy said, giving me a serious look.

"What?!" I asked I growled in frustration.

"You ain't even met him yet. What if he ain't here to get it on or, worse
yet, he ain't interested in Marines?" Tommy asked.

"No fuckin' way! What the fuck would he be doing on this beach if he didn't
want to play?  And play with Marines! Look around you buddy! We outnumber
the civilians about 100 to 1!" I asserted.

"Well then you'd better hurry up and make your move before some of these
other wolves run your prey to ground!" he laughed.

"I think I'll do that very thing!" I said, getting up and heading to the
water's edge.

As I walked across the beach, my cock refused to go down completely. It was
still at about half mast. Not fully erect but by no means soft either and I
knew it could bone in a heartbeat. Now, to be honest, some guy approaching
you with a hard, dripping cock is about the highest compliment and man can
pay you! But some guys don't see it that way. They get all up-tight or even
downright offended at it. I could never understand that! I mean, males are
supposed to be very up front about stuff - especially about sex. That was
why I figured that our cocks stuck out like they did when we got horny! But
some males - especially gay ones - were almost 'prissy' about sex!  Like it
was something disgusting that they didn't do! Well...not unless it was in
the dark!

As I got closer, I was struck by something that I really couldn't see well
from where my blanket lay - a pair of the most beautiful deep blue eyes I
think I'd ever seen in my whole fuckin' life!  Something inside me lurched
at the sight of those eyes! I don't know what it was. It wasn't in my
groin, for once! More like in my guts! I had this feelin' like I wanted
those eyes gazing into mine - for a very long time!

I'm not one for 'standard lines'. I always think they sound phony! Some guy
sayin' somethin' like 'You come here often?' or 'What's your
sign?'. Totally lame! I'd rather sound stupid and inept than phony. Not
that I often sounded stupid or inept. I just usually used the direct
approach.  As I got close to this beauty, however, I could feel my mouth
drying up, my throat becoming constricted and I was afraid that if I opened
my mouth the only thing that was gonna come out was a strangled moan!

He looked up, locking me in the track of those incredibly deep blue eyes of
his. They raked up and down me, like I was being evaluated. Fuckable or
not? Of course, I'd done the same thing to him, but he wasn't looking at me
when I did it! What really bothered me, though, was that there was no
apparent reaction at all! Kind of like, 'Gee! What an interesting
rock.'. Fuck! Could it be that he didn't find me attractive? What a pisser
that would be! I mean, I'm not conceited or nothin' but I know I'm pretty
good looking and it rarely happens that somebody I'm attracted to isn't
attracted to me at all! But I was suddenly afraid that this was the case!

"So what unit are you with?" a soft, deep voice suddenly snapped at me.

"3rd Battalion, 1st Marine Division, Kilo Company, Sir!" I answered like a
raw recruit without even thinking!

Realizing what I'd just done, I blushed so hard that I could feel the heat
in my face and my cock drooped to full 'at ease' in a second. He grinned at
me, cheekily. I guessed it was some kind of game he played with Jarheads.

"What's your name, Marine?" he asked.

"Don't you want my rank and serial number, too." I said testily!

This had all gotten off on the wrong foot and I didn't much like where it
was going! I was used to putting on the moves, being 'in charge'! After
all, I was the Marine here!

"No, just your name will do for now." he chuckled.

"Tack. Now, if you'll excuse me..." I said, making for a tactical retreat.

I could see that whatever I had hoped would happen, wasn't going to and I
wasn't about to waste any more time playing word games with him. Beautiful
but not my type of prey after all. I hadn't gotten a step when his voice
halted me.

"Tack? What an unusual name. But quite strong and masculine, like you. Is
it a nickname?" he asked, his voice filled with curiosity and something
else I couldn't quite put my finger on.

"Actually, it's the name my Dad always called me. My real name is
Tasker. Tasker Leroy Wallace." I said, turning back to look at him.

"Tasker...hmm! Unusual as well, and again, quite strong and masculine! I
like it. I like Tack as well. I'm Keith. Keith Thomas Davidson." he said
and stuck out his hand.

Something inside my head was screaming at me not to shake hands with him -
not to touch him but to just turn on my heel and walk away. But I couldn't
do it! Social conditioning was too intense for me to do something like
that. However, the minute my hand clutched his, I wished I'd listened to
that voice! His grip was warm and firm but that wasn't the problem! It was
like a bolt of electricity went up my arm and hit my spine before branching
off - headed for both my guts and my cock! My gut clenched and Task Junior
began to peak out from inside his sheath again, filling rapidly with blood!
It was everything I could do to keep from getting another full-blown woody!

My eyes looked into his impossibly blue one and I became lost in them. My
mouth went dry and my tongue seemed to swell up to three times its size,
filling my mouth and making impossible for me to speak. We just stood there
staring at each other, our hands still joined. He had this beautiful
fucking smile that seemed to be brighter than full sun light! I felt like I
had this idiotic grin plastered on my face, looking for all intents and
purposes like a...well...like a stupid Jarhead!  But I didn't care. I just
had this feeling that I wanted to stand there, holding his hand for the
rest of my fuckin' life!

I couldn't believe this shit! This had never happened to me before! It was
like this beautiful boy had some kind of arcane power over me and if I
didn't get away from him and it, I was going to be lost for all time! But,
the problem was, I didn't want to get away! Not at all! I felt like there
was nothing I wanted more than to remain under whatever kind of spell this
boy had over me.

Keith's eyes looked into mine and it felt like he was looking down inside
me - feeling every feeling I had, knowing every thought I had. It was not a
comfortable feeling. I didn't mind being physically naked. I mean, when you
have a muscular body like mine that you'd been working on to make desirable
ever since you were 14 and living in a fucking group home, you love going
naked and letting the world see the results of all your hard work. But this
was different! It was like he was stripping me naked inside! Exposing all
my emotions, my thoughts, my dreams to the light of day and his personal
view!

I decided that two could play at that game and stared back into his eyes,
determined not to break eye contact until he did. What I saw in his eyes
confused me to no end! First there was this incredible pain that called to
deep inside of me to take him in my arms and protect him from whatever it
was that could cause that much wounding in a human being! Second, I could
see what was obviously a strong physical attraction to me, which was no
more than I expected to see, just not to that extent! And last, there was
something else. I wasn't sure exactly what it was. But it, too, called to
something deep inside of me, making my guts knot up and my heart start
beating faster! I'd never felt like this before and wondered if I didn't
need to hit the next 'Sick Call'! I must be coming down with something
without knowing it!

Finally, I don't remember which of us seemed to realize that we were just
standing there, our hands grasping each other's, not saying a word but we
finally let go and just stood there staring at each other. Now, we both
blushed. I couldn't believe it, but it made his face even more beautiful!
Beauty like that ought to be a sin or at least illegal! This boy could
cause traffic accidents just walkin' down the fuckin' street!

"So...ahh...what is your rank?" he asked softly, hesitantly, like he was no
longer in control.

"I'm a Corporal. Actually a Lance Corporal." said, smiling back at him.

I didn't feel in control either - not a normal feeling for me but, for
once, it didn't feel uncomfortable either. I wondered at that.

"Well, Corporal Wallace, what are you up to this very nice afternoon?" he
smiled and pointedly glanced down to Tack Junior who was anything but down!

Not bone hard but gettin' there. I had to laugh at the pun.

"Not a damn thing but soakin' up some rays and seein' if anybody had an
interested in playin'." I said.

"Oh, I'm sure that there must be plenty of willing playmates for someone
like you. I've noticed, the few times I've been here, that there seems to
be no end of playing or willing players." he said.

"So are you in the mood to play?" I asked.

I told you I was direct. I ain't into no fuckin' 'beatin' around the
bush'. Shouldn't be necessary between two guys! That kind of crap is for
straight boys to deal with.

"To be as direct with you, Corporal Wallace, I'm not into playing with
people I don't know nor doing it places where people I don't know can watch
or try to join in. To be perfectly honest, I prefer my sex in a bed most of
the time. I suppose there is some attraction to sex in the great outdoors
but sand in my butt is not one of them." he smiled.

"Oh, but that's what blanket are for. To keep the sand away." I said.

"Yes, I could see that. But that still leave the issue of privacy and the
fact that I don't know you.  Please, don't get me wrong! I'm very attracted
to you and would love to have the chance to get to know you." he said. "But
I have the feeling that you're more interested in putting notches on your
blanket, so to say, then in getting to know or care about your playmates."

Well, at least he was as direct as me. And he'd certainly nailed me but
good. He was right. I followed the rules of the '4 F's' - Find 'em, Feel
'em, Fuck 'em, Forget 'em. As I said, I ain't into gettin' attached to
nobody! Too many dicks around to tie yourself down. But somehow, with him,
all bets were off. I don't know what it was but I did want to get to know
him! I did want to spend time with him. I didn't just want a quick fuck and
then good-bye. It was a very strange feeling!

"Look, okay, yeah. That's me usually. I'll admit it. But you're wrong about
a couple of things. I know some places where there is complete privacy and,
more to the point, I do want to spend time gettin' to know you. I don't
want to just play and then walk away from you. I don't know why but you do
somethin' to me that makes that impossible." I said.

I couldn't believe this shit comin' out of my mouth! Even if I did
recognize that every fuckin' word was true - what the fuck was I sayin' it
for?! Shit! This kid had me all tied up in knots and all we'd fuckin' done
was shake hands! I knew right there that what I ought to fuckin' do was run
like hell! Get away from him as fast as I could! The only problem was, my
feet were like they were locked in cement - not standing on sand!

His eyes softened and his smile was gentle as he looked at me like he was
assessing what I was saying, testing it to see if it was the truth. I guess
I passed.

"Okay, Corporal Wallace. I'd very much like to spend time with you. Why
don't you lead the way to where there's more privacy than out here on the
open beach?" he grinned.

"Uhh...do you think you could call me Tack?" I asked.

"Yes, I suppose I could. If you'll call me Keith." he smiled.

"I can do that, Keith." I said, smiling back.

"Then lead the way, Tack." he grinned.

I led him back to where the blankets and my clothes were and where I'd last
seen Tommy. He was nowhere around so I figured he was back in the dunes
somewhere searching for his own fun.  I was glad that he wasn't there. I
didn't feel like sharin' Keith with nobody at the moment.  Especially not
Tommy. God know's what he was liable to say! At times, his lack of social
skills could be downright embarrassin'. It wasn't his fault, I knew
that. He'd been raised by two parents who needed parents! Neither of them
had the brains or maturity to raise a child. Tommy had to practically raise
himself. Kind of like I did, but for a different reason. I think that was
another thing that bonded us as friends.

I picked up the blanket and headed into the dunes, heading deeper onto the
part of the beach that was owned by the base, however.

"We get in trouble for you bringing a civilian this far onto federal
property?" Keith asked.

"Well, maybe if the MP's were at all interested. But they're not. Trust
me." I said.

"Okay. Yes, I do trust you, Tack. There's something very honorable about
you - even if it's not in the area of sex." he chuckled.

"Hey! I'm very honorable about sex!" I protested. "I don't make promises
that I can't or won't keep! I don't tell guys I love 'em just to get in
their pants like I know a lot of guys do!"

"But do you ever say you love them at all?" he asked softly.

That brought me up short. For some reason, I really didn't want to have
this discussion with him but there it lay, like a turd in a punch bowl!

"No. I've never told a guy I loved him. Not because I was holdin' back or
nothin', I just never have fallen in love with a guy." I said.

I didn't add that I didn't want to fall in love with a guy but I figured
that was a little too much information at that point.

"Good for you, Tack!" he smiled. "That, to me, is about the worst lie you
can ever tell. To tell someone you love them when you don't."

Somehow, I got the feelin' that this was where part of the pain I saw in
his eyes came from - being lied to that way. But I couldn't be sure.

We finally reached the place where I was heading. Out behind the artillery
range was a kind of 'no-man's land' that was kept that way to keep people
from gettin' hurt by a misfired or badly aimed piece of ordinance. The only
thing was, you'd have to be deaf not to know when there was live fire
exercises goin' on! You'd hear them half a mile away! There was nothin'
goin' on that day and I knew it.

I spread the blanket for us under some trees where we could get some sun
but later, as the sun moved across the sky, there'd be shade as well. I sat
down on the blanket and Keith sat down as well, but not next to me. He sat
opposite me so that we could look at each other and he kept a distance
between us. He was dead serious about gettin' to know each other and now I
started to get worried about this.

I usually didn't talk very much about myself. There's some of my past that
people just might not understand. Like the fact that I spent from about age
12 to age 17, when I entered the Marine Corps, in state foster care. Part
of the reason for that was that my Dad died when I was 12 and there was
nobody to take care of me. My mom had run off years before and nobody knew
where she was. Last anybody knew, she wouldn't be a fit parent anyway,
considering she was a junkie.  So was my Dad. That's how he died. He
OD'd. I tried to save him, but I couldn't. His family had given up on him
long ago and, being a kid, I had no idea who or where they were.

Another reason that I ended up in foster care is that I had a juvenile
record for shoplifting and theft. Mostly it was petty shit. I stole because
I didn't have any other choice. It was how I ate most of the time. There
was never any money for food and stuff. I also stole clothes so I'd have
something to wear. I also stole stuff that could be 'fenced' to help Dad
buy his drugs. I learned to steal by watching him. He never told me to do
it. Never told me it was right or 'okay' to do it. I think it hurt him down
deep inside to see me do it but he knew that there was no other way since
he couldn't seem to ever clean up his act and get off the shit.

The heartbreak of this whole thing was that my Dad had been a Marine,
too. He'd served in 'Nam at the very end of that dirty little war. Now,
people will tell you that by the time the war was coming to an end, most of
the 'horror-show' that Viet Nam had been was over. That's a load of crap!
As it wound down, it became more vicious - on both sides. The Americans
lost and they knew it and a lot of guys wanted to wreak revenge for that
loss, for the waste of their young lives and those of their buddies, in the
swamps and rice paddies of that shithole of a country! And the Vietnamese,
especially the Viet Cong, were out for revenge against the Americans for
coming to their country to begin with.

Evidently, Dad had seen and done some pretty horrible things which the
Military just brushed under the rug and never admitted to. He also came
back with a heroin habit that got him a medical discharge from the
Corps. Oh, the Marine Corps claims that it didn't give medical discharges
to junkies - that it threw them out. That's a load of bullshit. They gave
plenty of medical discharges to the men that turned to drugs just to do
some of the stuff that they were ordered to do!

I knew all this because when Dad was high, before he'd nod out, he'd talk
about this stuff.  Sometimes, he'd have nightmares about it. I can remember
many times my Dad, my arms around his head, crying against me over
something that he remembered. Some nightmare that had followed him from
Southeast Asia that he couldn't shake. I loved my Dad. I never blamed him
for the things he did or what happened.

So that's why I didn't talk to anybody about me. Well...except Tommy. He
knew it all. His growing up wasn't any picnic either, so we understood each
other. But here was this absolutely beautiful young guy who wanted to 'get
to know me' and I didn't know what the fuck I was gonna tell him!

As it turned out, I didn't have a worry in the world.

"Okay, so you want to get to know each other, tell me about yourself." I
asked.

I figured if I could get him talking about himself, there'd be less time to
talk about me and I could judge how much of my story I thought he could
handle.

"Why don't you start by telling me how old you are. You are legal aren't
you?" I asked.

I'd only really noticed now how young he really looked. I was scared that I
had inadvertently made a play for a horny 16 year old. But he didn't act
like a 16 year old, and that cock sure didn't look like a 16 year old's
either!

"No, I'm legal. I turned 18 a few months ago. I go to college. I had the
day off from classes because of exams. That's why I don't get to the beach
very often." Keith said.

"But you've got a nice, all-over tan. This is the only clothing optional
beach, how do you do it?"  I asked.

"At home. We have a back yard with high fences and bushes. Completely
private." he said.

"And your parent's don't mind you sunbathing naked?" I asked.

He chuckled.

"No, my 'parents' are four guys - three of them used to be in the Marine
Corps. I've lived with them since I was 16 and was placed there by foster
care." he said.

I looked at him in shock! What the fuck?! This was startin' to sound like
my story in a way!

He saw the shocked look on my face and quickly added, "Maybe I'd better
explain all of that. I don't usually tell anyone about me but I feel like I
can trust you to understand. I don't know why I do, considering we just met
but I believe in going with my gut feelings."

"Believe me, Keith." I said quietly. "You're guts are right on this one. No
matter what it is, I'll understand. I promise."

He looked at me funny at that point but I could see in his face that he
decided that I was telling the truth and that he was safe in telling me
about himself. And tell me, he did! I couldn't believe the story at first!
The Dad, a Marine killed in Kosovo, a mother who died leaving him with a
bastard of a step-father who abused him horribly both physically and
sexually. His creative writing teacher who he fell in love with an actually
made a play for that worked! And ending up in this 'family' of guys, all of
them lovers and two of them, father and son!

Given the life I've lived and the things I've done, it's kinda hard to
shock me but Keith's story sure did. Oh, not that I was disgusted by it or
anything. In fact there were parts of it where I had a hard time fighting
back getting really angry at someone who would hurt a boy as beautiful as
Keith and other parts that I had to actually fight back tears! And the last
time I could remember crying was the night that my Dad died. But Keith's
story was certainly way outside the 'ordinary'. Kind of like my own. Which,
after he finished telling me about his, I told him. All of it. More than
anybody else knew. Except, of course, for Tommy.

Keith sat quietly, listening to the whole thing, just as I'd listened to
him. But he didn't hold back his tears when I told him about my Dad
dying. He reached out and put his hand on my leg and looked at me with
tears streaking down his face, his eyes full of something that I couldn't
quite tell what it was...compassion...something. It wasn't pity, which was
the only thing I was afraid of. I didn't want him - or anybody - to pity
me. Ever! And he didn't.

All of this took a long time and by the time we'd finished telling each
other our stories, the sun was dipping down in the sky and it was getting
to be dusk. I didn't want our time to end, however! I wanted to be close to
him. I didn't want to fuck him, I wanted to hold him and kiss him and feel
him in my arms. I wanted his arms around me and I wanted to feel...I don't
know...safe somehow. I wanted him to feel safe with me. But I didn't have
anyplace I could take him. I just figured that I maybe could see him again
sometime - sometimes soon. Shit! Except for the time he touched my leg and
when we shook hands, we hadn't even touched.

"What are you doing tonight? Can you leave the base?" he asked me, bringing
me out of my own thoughts.

"Nothin'. I got no plans. And, yeah, I can leave. What didja have in mind?"
I asked.

"Nothing exotic. I just wondered if you'd like to come home with me and
meet my family. Have dinner with us." he said.

"Uhh, are you sure that would be okay with them? I mean...uhh..." I
stuttered.

I didn't know how to ask what was on my mind. Keith wasn't just 'family' to
these guys. He was part of a very complicated sexual relationship as
well. I don't know how well somebody coming in as a 'rival' would be
welcomed.

"We have several rules in the family. The first is, no clothes in the
house. I don't think that should be a problem considering." he
grinned. "The second is - no jealousy. Ever. You see, Mike and Jeff are
lovers and Bulldog and Rusty are lovers but we all are kind of lovers of
each other, though I'm the one who doesn't have somebody 'special'. Each of
us are allowed, at any time, to bring somebody home. Now, it's only
happened when Rusty and I were added to the family but that's okay. I think
they've all been expecting me to bring somebody home for a while now."

"Uhh...are you looking to add me to the family?!" I asked, not ready for
that kind of step at all!

Shit! I didn't even want to get tied down to one guy - much less 5!

"No! Please, Tack! You don't understand. It's just that I like you...a
lot. I want you to meet them because I know they'll like you and I think
you'll like them is all. And...well...because I don't want our time
together to end. If you can't deal with it, I'll understand." he said,
looking away like he was shielding himself from my rejection.

I reached out my hand and touched his face for the first time, gently
pulling on his chin so that he would look at me again. I noticed
immediately how soft his skin was, like he never had to shave or nothin'.

"I don't want our time together to end either. I been sittin' here tryin'
to come up with some way that it didn't have to. Yeah, I'd love to meet you
family. Come on. Let's go." I said.

"Uhh...wait, Tack. There's one more thing that we need to discuss." he
said, and this time I could hear real fear in his voice.

After everything he'd already told me, I couldn't fuckin' imagine what THIS
was gonna be!

"It's just that...well...we never discussed sex. Not that we're necessarily
going to have it tonight but...well...I think we need to discuss a few
things about it." he said.

"Okay..." I said slowly. "What about it?"

"Well, I guess I should tell you that I like sex with a man to
be...well...somewhat raunchy." he said quietly, intently watching my face
for my reaction.

I gave him none. I didn't want him to see the elation I was feeling inside!
All this beauty and even a little raunchiness was way more than I ever
expected!

"Somewhat raunchy? Meaning what, exactly?" I asked in an even a tone as I
could manage.

"Well...I guess most people would consider it more than somewhat. I really
get off to the smells of a man's body and I'm very into watersports." he
said quietly.

"You mean like wave runners and such?" I asked, trying desperately to keep
a straight face.

"Uhh...no...not like wave runners...uhh..." he sputtered but he never got
to finish.

I cracked up laughing! I couldn't hold it in any longer. He sat there
looking at me, starting to get pissed because, I was sure, he thought that
I was laughing at him over his fetishes!

"I'm sorry! I can't help it! I'm not laughin' at you! I swear I'm not!
Keith, I'm about the raunchiest son-of-a-bitch you're ever likely to meet!
I love all those things! I just can't fuckin' believe I've found a guy
who's into them as much as I am!" I laughed.

He looked at me in shock at first and then he cracked up laughing too!
When we finally calmed down, we sat there looking at each other
grinning. That's when he dropped the bombshell!

"Uhh, Tack. Not us 'a' guy who's into raunch as much as you are - FIVE guys
who are!" he grinned.

The End of Chapter Twenty Four of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Mon, 23 Feb 2004 20:52:45 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 23

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Three - Keith's Step-father Pays A Price

I carried Keith to our room and put him on the bed to let him sleep. I'd
lost count of how many orgasms he'd had but he was one tired but satisfied
boy! Jeff and I then joined Dad and Rusty in the kitchen where they were
having a cup of coffee.

"So what do you think we ought to do?" Dad asked.

"Well, the first thing is we need to get hold of that young lawyer and get
Keith legally put into our care." Rusty said.

"We also need to take the digital camera and take pictures of the bruises
and welts before they fade. We want evidence of what's been done to him." I
said.

"Speaking of which," Dad said. "What the fuck are we gonna do about that?"

"Well, actually, I have an idea. It will take all of us, but I think we can
guarantee that Keith's step-father will not only not oppose him being taken
away and placed in our care - we will probably never hear from him again -
if he even stays in this town." I said.

I outlined my plan to Dad, Rusty and Jeff. Dad was amazed!

"Boy, we should have had you in uniform! You've got a real bent for
tactics!" Dad laughed.

"Thanks, Dad, but three Marines in the family is quite enough!" I laughed.

"Well, it's soon gonna be three former Marines in the family." Dad said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Your Dad's been offered an early retirement package that's just too good
to pass up." Rusty said.

"Not to mention the fact that there's talk that Rusty's unit could get
called up. We've given enough blood to the Corps. It's time for us to spend
the rest of our lives loving each other." Dad said.

"So when is this going to happen?" I asked.

"Probably within the next month or so." Dad said.

"I've got to tell you, I'm glad." I told them. "I'll be glad to have you
both safe and together with us. Not to mention, Keith's going to need all
of our love and care."

"Yeah. That's what I figured, too. We won't need to work for a while so I
figure that Rusty and I can take care of Keith." he said.

"I'm sure he'll love that!" I laughed. "Course, I'd better get you both
some Viagra! You'll need it to keep up with his sex drive!"

Dad and Rusty laughed at that, too. We continued to talk for a little
while, Dad telling us he'd call the young, gay lawyer he knew first thing
in the morning.

"How do you know him, Dad?" I asked.

"He used to be JAG. Got out because of one of the 'witch-hunts', trying to
track down gays. He refused to be part of it. He's in private practice here
now." Dad said. "Helps a lot of young Marines that get into trouble. And
you know how young Marines can get into trouble!"

"Yeah! Like molesting young boys on Greyhound buses!" I laughed.

"Hey! You were eighteen!" Jeff protested, grinning at me. "Besides, I
wouldn't go talking about molesting young boys if I were you!"

"No, I guess after tonight, none of us can!" I laughed.

"I'm beginning to wonder just exactly who molested who?!" Rusty said.

And we all laughed.

Soon after we all went to bed. Jeff and I got on each side of Keith's
sleeping form and put our arms around him and each other. He murmured in
his sleep but didn't wake up. He seemed to know that it was us in bed with
him though. He reached out to touch both of us before quieting down
again. Soon we were all three asleep.

The next morning, I woke to the feeling of something hot and tight around
my cock. I opened my eyes to see Keith's bubble-butt shoved all the way
down on my hardon as he was slowly sucking on Jeff's cock as Jeff continued
to sleep! But not for long! I started fucking Keith harder and was getting
close when Jeff opened his eyes and saw what was going on. He reached down
and pushed Keith's face further down on his cock as I began to cum in
Keith's hot, tight butt!

"Ahh! Fuck!" I moaned quietly so I wouldn't wake up the hole house.

I pulled my cock from Keith ass and, as I did so, I saw Jeff pulling his
cock from Keith's mouth.

"Turn over, boy! I want some of that ass my lover just fucked!" Jeff
growled, his voice rough from just waking up and horniness.

Keith eagerly turned over, presenting his just-fucked ass to Jeff who
slammed his hard cock fully into it in one might shove! Keith groaned.

"Yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me deep! Fuck me HARD!"

Jeff proceeded to do exactly that! He began power-fucking the young butt. I
slid down the bed and took Keith's hard cock in my mouth, sucking him deep
into me while Jeff continued to fuck him. It didn't take either one of them
long to shoot their loads.

"Yeah! Fuck! Fuckin' your butt, boy! Cummin' in your butt!" Jeff cried out
as he dumped his load of morning cum deep in Keith's hungry ass.

"Ahh! Fuck! Yeah! Fuck me! Suck my cock!" Keith cried out as he unloaded
his sweet teen cum in my mouth!

What a fucking breakfast! Pure teen protein!

All three of us lay there on the bed, unable to move after that. I think we
even slept again for a few minutes. The next thing I heard was the sound of
the alarm clock. We all groaned and got up.  Dad and Rusty were already in
the kitchen and had made coffee. Rusty was in the middle of cooking
breakfast, something he was very good at. The breakfast he was making was
huge! Eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, grits, home fries, and to top it all off,
pancakes!

"Did we invite the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force for breakfast?" I asked
him.

"No, just one teenager and your lover who eats like one!" Rusty laughed.

Before breakfast was over - there was not a scrap of food left! I looked at
Rusty and he just winked at me.

"Okay, men! Shower time!" Dad intoned, as he did every morning.

This was something new to Keith that we'd forgotten to tell him about. He
looked at me quizzically. I just told him to follow along.

Five naked males trooped down to the play room again and all got in the
shower.

"Okay, who's turn is it?" Dad asked as we stood there without the water
running.

"Well, we have a new member of the Shower Squad this morning, Sergeant!
Seems to me he should be properly welcomed into the squad!" Jeff shouted in
good Marine order!

"New member! Front and center!" Dad barked.

"That's you!" I said to Keith.

He walked over to where Dad was standing.

"On your knees, boy!" Dad ordered and Keith complied.

We all surrounded him and he quickly figured out what was about to happen
to him.

"Oh! Fuck! Yeah!" he moaned.

Suddenly, four cocks were all spraying him with hot, yellow man-piss from
four different directions at once! The stink of strong, morning piss filled
the air as Keith writhed and murmured in the golden shower. He rubbed the
piss into his skin and then began to use it as lube to jack his dick
with. He leaned over and tasted some from each spout as he continued to
moan.

"Oh! Fuck! (gulp) Yeah! (gulp) Piss on me! (gulp) Wet me down! (gulp) Make
me your piss boy!(gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp!)" he groaned and drank.

When the rain of piss ended, Dad looked down at him.

"Okay, boy! Your turn!" he said.

At this we all got into a line and down on our knees. Keith quickly figured
out what his role was and stood up. He took his cock in his hand and began
pissing on each of us in turn. Each of us, took a gulp of his strong,
yellow boy-piss as he passed down the line, wetting each of us. He then
went back up the line again before his piss ran out. He finished in front
of me so I leaned over and took the last of his piss in my mouth and
cleaned off his cock for him.

Then we all stood and hugged each other's wet bodies, mixing our piss with
each other and kissing good morning - sharing the taste of each other's
piss. Then we turned on five of the six shower heads and began to
shower. Keith noticed the extra shower head.

"Hey! You guys were ready for me!"he grinned.

"Shit, we even got room for when you find a lover!" Jeff laughed.

"Me!?" Keith looked at me, a strange look on his face.

"Sure. You're going to find somebody someday and fall in love. Just wait
and see." I smiled.

"And you won't mind?" Keith asked.

"Remember the house rules?" I asked.

Keith thought for a moment.

"No jealousy?" he asked.

"That's right. No jealousy. You're lover will be part of the family as
well, if that's what you both want." I said.

He got a very thoughtful look on his face but didn't say anything.

I drove him to school with me. On the way, I set the rules for him.

"Okay, as of today, there is a change. You don't sit in class and daydream
anymore. You participate, just like you do in my class. You get good grades
because you're going to have to face a military tribunal with each report
card. So you'd better be working hard! We want you to make something of
yourself and we want to be proud of you. And...not to put to fine an edge
on it, we would like to be able to show that living with us has helped you
for the legal fight we may have to put up to keep you." I said. "Besides,
think about the rewards of doing well."

"What?" he asked.

"You're ass fucked and your cock sucked all the time as well as much piss
as you can drink?  How about that?" I asked.

"I will! I'll work hard!" he laughed. "Those kind of rewards I like!"

"Yeah, I thought you might." I chuckled.

Keith became the entire topic of conversation in the faculty lunchroom that
day. All of his teachers remarked on the tremendous change that had come
over Keith seemingly overnight!  None of them could figure out what had
done it. I simply told them that what they were seeing is what I'd been
seeing in my classroom from Keith all year and let it go at that. But that
night, we had quite a little celebration down in the play room with Keith
getting fucked by Dad while Keith fucked me and sucking both Rusty and Jeff
before they took turns fucking him as well. I was the final fuck of the
night so he got fucked by all four cocks and sucked all four of our asses
as well as sucking on all four of our cocks! He was one, tired, happy boy
when he went to bed, sleeping between Rusty and Dad that night. We
discovered in the morning that he'd treated Dad and Rusty to his method of
waking them up that he'd used on Jeff and me.

The following week Jeff, Dad, Rusty and I met with the young gay attorney
at his office downtown. His name was Robert Westman but asked us to call
him Robby. We outlined the situation to him, leaving out the relationship
among us. He listened until we had our say and then asked a few pertinent
questions about Keith and about our ability to provide a home for him.

"Well, I must say, Keith is one lucky boy! To find such a loving, stable
environment with not one but four parents is quite remarkable. However, I'm
going to tell you from the get-go, forget adoption." Robby said.

We all reacted to this so vehemently that Robby held up his hands,
demanding quiet.

"Please, before you go 'off' all over me, let me explain. Keith is 16 years
old, almost 17. That's not enough time before he turns 18 to put through a
legal adoption. But it won't matter. I have a friend who's a supervisor
with foster care. We will have you all appointed his foster care parents
and you will have almost all the rights of parents anyway, plus the state
will help pay for his care, especially his medical care." Robby said.

"But we want him as part of our family!" Dad insisted.

"But he will be! Look, none of you are 'legally' family now except you and
Mike Jr. Does that affect in anyway the situation between you?" he asked.

We all looked at each other and shook our heads.

"No." Dad said.

"It's very simple. For all intents and purposes, Keith will be your
son. All of you. When he turns 18, he's on his own. He can do whatever he
wants to do anyway, whether you adopted him or not." Robby said.

"What about, well...say something happened to us. We'd want to make sure
that Keith was taken care of." Dad said.

"Well, in the very, very unlikely event that something happened to all of
you, you each can have a will drawn making Keith the optimal beneficiary. I
can draw those up for you. Then he'd be taken care of and would inherit
your property, just as if he was your son." Robby said.

"What do you mean about it there not being enough time?" I asked.

"With adoptions, the state requires that the child be in the prospective
parents home as a foster placement for at least one year prior to the
adoption petition being filed. Then it takes about a year for all of the
investigations and such until you finally reach a judge. By that time,
Keith would be 18 and you couldn't adopt him anyway. You cannot adopt an
adult." Robby explained.

"So foster placement is the best we can hope for?" I asked.

"Yes, and I can arrange it easily for you - especially when I show David
these!" Robby said, indicating the photographs that we took of Keith the
morning after he came to live with us of the bruises and welts his
step-father had left on his body.

"Yeah, we figured somebody would understand if they saw those!" Dad said.

"They certainly will. There's one other reason for adoption not being a
good route to take. The father's sister. She would have to be found and her
permission granted for the adoption, since she's the only known blood
relative. That could take who knows how long!" Robby said.

"Yeah. We see what you mean." Dad said. "But how intrusive is the state
going to be into our lives?"

"Not at all. I'll make sure that David handles the case himself. If Keith
is happy with the placement, there's no problem whatever. He is happy, I
take it?" he asked.

We all four laughed.

"Deliriously!" I answered.

"Well, then, there's no problem! Believe me! The last thing foster care
needs is another teenager they can't place! Too many of those already!"
Robby said.

"How many?" Dad asked.

"Hundreds in this county alone. Tens of thousands throughout the state. No,
Keith is a very lucky boy to have you guys willing to take him on!" Robby
said.

"That many?" Dad said. "What a fucking shame!"

"Tell you what. It's almost eleven. Why don't you guys go and have lunch
and then come back.  By that time, I'll have contacted David and set up an
appointment for you to meet him and get the paperwork rolling. How's that
sound?" he said.

"Do you want to meet Keith?" I asked.

"Yes, that would probably be a good idea. Can you bring him back with you?"
Robby asked.

"Yes, we'll stop by the high school and pick him up." I said. "I can sign
him out as a faculty member."

"I've got to hand it to you, Mike. You took a hell of a chance for this
kid! Whatever made you do it? You could have lost your job over this!"
Robby said.

"A job is not worth a boy's life. Had he stayed on those streets he'd
probably be dead - or worse - by now." I said simply.

"Well, you're right there! I'm really in awe of all of you and the
commitment you've made to this boy!" Robby said.

"He's family. Marine Corps family." Dad said and that explained it all.

Dad and Rusty went to our favorite restaurant and Jeff and I dropped by
school to get Keith. I'd called ahead to the office to have him waiting for
us.

"So where we going?" Keith asked.

"We're meeting Dad and Rusty for lunch and then we're going to go and let
the attorney meet you. He's got some questions he wants to ask you." I
said.

"Like what?" Keith asked suspiciously.

"Like, do you like living with us. Do you want to stay with us. That kind
of thing." I said.

"Oh, okay! That's easy - Fuck, yeah! And Fuck, yeah!" he laughed.

"Well, I hope you answer a little more politely than that!" I said. "That
kind of language is okay in the house or with your friends but when things
are serious like this it's better to show a little decorum."

"I will! I'm not dumb!" Keith said.

"I know you're not. And all your teachers know it now, too!" I smiled.

"Really?" he asked.

"Yes, I've heard from everyone of them how well you're doing. I want you to
know how proud we all are of you. That's why we're doing all this for you."
I said.

"Thanks, Mike." he said and I knew he meant it. "You, too, Jeff."

"Hey! Don't look at me! I just like fuckin' your tight little hole!" Jeff
laughed.

After lunch we all went back to Robby's office. When he ushered us into his
office there was another young man there. It didn't take me long to figure
out that he and Robby were more than just 'friends'. They were 'friends'
the way that Jeff and I were friends. I could tell by the looks that went
between them and the way they spoke to each other. Robby introduced him as
David Shearer, the supervisor of local foster care for the state.

"I'm really glad to meet you all! Robby told me on the phone about this
case and I had to see for myself! A foster care placement with four parents
- two of whom are active duty Marines is certainly a first!" David grinned
and then turned to Keith, sticking out his hand. "You must be Keith."

"Yes, sir." Keith said, shaking the social worker's hand.

"Well, I've only got a couple of questions to ask. First of all, Keith, you
want to live with these guys?" he asked.

"Oh, yes, sir!" Keith said enthusiastically.

"I see. Why?" he asked.

That stopped Keith for a moment. I didn't know what he was going to
say. Then he answered quietly.

"Because I love them - and they love me. They're the first people who've
wanted me since my Dad died in Bosnia." Keith said.

"I completely understand." David said gently. "And I'm very glad for you,
son, to find someone who does care about you."

Keith gave David one of his 100,000 watt smiles.

"Now, the rest of you. What about living quarters?" David asked.

"We own a four bedroom home." Dad answered.

"Will Keith have his own room." David asked.

"Yes, he will." Dad answered.

Well...that was a debatable question. Keith only wanted to sleep with at
least one of us but neither David nor Robby needed to know that.

"Now the state will supply some remuneration for his care, but what about
your own financial circumstances? Can you afford to take on a boy like
Keith?" David asked.

"There are four incomes coming into the household. I think we can afford to
feed, cloth and house one teenaged boy." Dad said.

"Well, with the way they eat, it's a question we have to ask!" David
chuckled.

"Have you ever seen active duty Marines eat?" Dad asked.

"No, sir, I can't say as I have." David says.

"Makes a teenage boy look like he's on a starvation diet." Dad intoned and
David laughed.

"Okay! I give up! I can't see any problem at all. All that's left is a home
inspection. I have to see the house to make sure it is a safe environment
for the boy. Just a formality. When could I come over and see it?" David
asked.

"What about right now?" Dad asked.

"Great! We get this out of the way now and I can issue the foster care
orders in the morning, have them before a judge and Keith is yours tomorrow
afternoon." David said.

All of us beamed at the idea that things could move that quickly.

"Now, as to the step-father. I wish we could press charges but without an
investigation at the time of the abuse, I'm afraid it wouldn't stand up in
court. However, it doesn't matter to the foster care order. Since he never
adopted Keith, he has no legal standing whatever in the matter."  David
said.

"Good!" Robby said. "I was hoping we could do something to his mangy ass,
but getting Keith away from him is the most important thing."

"And, I firmly believe in Karma, Robby." Dad said.

"What do you mean?" Robby asked.

"Only that, in this world, it seems that what goes around, comes around."
Dad said inscrutably.

Robby looked at Dad funny but let it pass.

We all went home and David looked over the house. We showed him the guest
room and told him that this would be Keith's room. And we weren't lying. We
did fully intend to make it a room for Keith. A place for him to study and
to be alone if he needed to. As to where he would sleep - we just figured
that was a family matter and not open to outsider knowledge!

The following afternoon we were all in the chambers of a juvenile court
judge who was suitably impressed with two Marine Master Sergeants, their
brass shining and row upon row of service ribbons and medals on their
chests, sitting in his chambers. He signed the order making Keith our
foster child in less than 20 minutes. We all went back to Robby's office to
sign off on the four new wills that he had prepared for us making sure that
if something happened, Keith would be well taken care of. Then we all went
out and celebrated! Keith was a member of the family legally as well as
emotionally! This called for steak dinners and two or three hours in the
playroom when we all got home to what was now truly ALL our home.

The next morning, I took Keith to school and we both went to the office to
re-register him as my foster child with a copy of the court order giving
me, Dad, Rusty and Jeff legal guardianship of Keith. The principal came out
to talk to me - a little surprised at this turn of events but not at all
unhappy. He'd heard what a brilliant turn-around Keith had made in his
classes and now realized the reason for it. He only asked that if I
intended to adopt any more students to give him a 'head's up' prior to
doing so.

That took care of everything but one thing. Keith's step-father.

One Friday night, about a week later, we took Keith down into the playroom
and we all ganged up on him, getting him off about six or seven times in
the space of a couple of hours without cumming ourselves. He didn't
understand but didn't have a whole lot to say about it. He finally wore
himself out, which was our plan, and passed out asleep on the platform. We
carried him upstairs and put him in Jeff and my bed, where he slept most
nights, then we went to Dad and Rusty's room where we all dressed in black
- black shoes, black pants, black long-sleeved knit shirts and black
ski-masks. Those areas of our face that showed were made up with the
camouflage make-up that Marines and Rangers wear so that our faces were
unrecognizable.

We drove to Keith's old home and waited. Keith told us it was his
step-father's habit to drink heavily on Friday nights and then to pass out
in front of the TV set, usually around midnight. We sat outside the house,
until mid-night and then snuck into the back yard of the house, pulling on
rubber gloves as we went. The back door was unlocked so we entered. Dad and
Rusty had their service revolvers - 45's and huge! They scared me to be
around them!

We found the step-father, exactly as Keith said we would, passed out cold
in front of the TV set, a mostly empty bottle of whisky on a table next to
his chair. Dad went over and pulled the drapes shut so that no one could
see in and then grabbed the step-father by the neck and threw him out of
his chair and onto the floor. The man came to with four figures dressed in
black surrounding him and a 45 caliber weapon pointed directly between his
eyes. He didn't need to know that neither weapon was loaded!

"What the fuck!" he managed to get out before Dad backhanded him, hard,
across the face, knocking him sideways to the floor.

"SHUT THE FUCK UP, ASSHOLE! YOU TALK ONLY WHEN YOU'RE TOLD TO!" Dad
shouted.

I could see the look of fear enter the man's eyes.

"Now, we're all gonna have us a little fun." Dad said, menacingly. "Well,
it will be fun for us!  Get the fuck up off the floor!"

The man got up.

"Wha...what do you want...OOF!!"

Dad's fist slammed into the man's guts, doubling him over.

"I told you not to speak unless I told you to!" Dad said, hauling the man
up by the scruff of his neck. "Take off your clothes! I want you naked in
30 seconds!"

The man went to say something, then though better of it. Pain was a good
teacher! He quickly divested himself of his pants and 'wife beater' but
when he was down to boxer shorts, he stopped.

Dad's arm whipped out again, backhanding hard in the face.

"ALL OF IT, ASSHOLE!" Dad said.

The man quickly stripped off the boxers, now standing naked in front of
us. You could tell that he'd had a good body at one time, but age and too
much booze and no exercise had taken their toll. He had a gut on him but I
did notice a rather sizeable tool, hanging soft between his legs.

"Okay, asshole. Get down on your knees." Dad ordered, his voice full of
menace.

The man complied. At this point, we all took off our pants, exposing our
hard, thick cocks. The man looked at each one of us and nervously licked
his lips! As I had supposed, a fucking closet case! He wanted those cocks
but hated himself for it! And took it out on Keith! Well, he was going to
get all the cock he ever dreamed of tonight!

"Okay, asshole. This is real simple. You're gonna suck each one of our cock
and swallow our loads, and, if you have any other ideas, let me change your
mind right now!" Dad said, cocking his weapon and putting the barrel
directly between the guy's eyes. "You do a good job and we might let you
live."

All of a sudden, we heard water splashing! We looked down and the guy's
cock was spewing piss all over the floor he was so scared. He was actually
pissing himself!

"Start suckin'!" Dad ordered.

The guy quickly reached up and pulled Dad's hard cock into his mouth. He
started sucking! Not well, but earnestly. At the same time, Rusty started
taking pictures with the digital camera. Great close-ups of the guy sucking
cock. Funny how fear and desire look exactly the same in a photograph!

When Rusty had taken three or four pictures, Dad grabbed the guy's head and
began slamming his cock down the guy's throat, face-fucking him - HARD! The
guy was gagging like crazy around Dad's cock but Dad didn't let up for a
moment. He fucked the guys face until he grunted and I saw him pumping load
after load of man-scum right down the assholes throat while he held the
guys face jammed right into his ripe pubes. Then it was Jeff's turn. He
grabbed the guy and face fucked him as hard or harder than Dad had. Again,
Rusty took pictures of it all, only showing the step-father's face. Then
Jeff shot his load and it was my turn.

I'd never had sex with someone to hurt them or to seek revenge but all I
had to do was remember those horrible bruises and welts on Keith's
beautiful body and I slammed my cock down the guy's throat harder and hard
with each slam! I wanted to hurt him! I wanted to fucking choke the
motherfucker to death! Rusty was again capturing it all in digital clarity!

The, while Rusty fucked his face, I took the camera and took pictures. By
this time, the guy wasn't choking anymore and, what's more, his fucking
dick had gotten hard! He was enjoying this! I took pictures of his fucking
hardon. I knew that what was coming, he wouldn't enjoy quite so much! He
thought that if he blew us, that would be the end of it. Little did he know
that this was only round one!

After he finished with Rusty, Dad pulled him to his feet and pushed him
over the arm of the sofa, bending him over and making his ass stick
out. Dad kicked his feet apart and had Jeff go to his had and sit on his
back, effectively making him completely helpless. It also smothered any
cries and there were going to be plenty of those!

Dad stepped up behind him and pulled his ass cheeks apart. The man started
squirming, realizing what was about to happen to him, but it was too
late. Dad put his cock at the man's asshole and with one, hard, muscular
snap of his hips, buried half his cock up the guys ass with no lube and no
preparation whatever! Even muffled by Jeff's body, the guy's screams were
loud as his ass was forcibly opened for probably the first time in his
life!

With another tremendous shove, Dad's cock was buried to the hilt in the
guy's ass. Dad didn't wait for him to get used to it! He started fucking
immediately - slamming his cock deep, hard and fast into the guy's ravaged
butthole! The guy screamed though most of it. Then Dad came and I got
behind him, shoving my cock all the way into his bleeding asshole with one
lunge. I, too, immediately began fucking hard and fast. This time, the guy
was merely whimpering. With Dad's load up there, the channel was a little
slicker and probably hurt less. I banged his ass until I came and then
Rusty took his turn.

By this time, the guy was moaning but they weren't moans of pain! The guy's
cock was hard again and he was enjoying it!

"The fucker's pushing his ass back at me!" Rusty said.

Jeff got off the guy and I grabbed the camera, taking pictures of this
asshole being 'willingly' fucked in the ass. Rusty shot up his hole and
then Jeff took his place, ramming his cock all the way into the guy's
asshole. Jeff was the biggest and thickest of any of us and the guy really
reacted to Jeff's brutal fuck, pushing back and moaning while his cock
dripped a continual drool of cock-snot down the arm of the couch.

After Jeff came, Dad fucked the guy again while Rusty pulled his head up
and fucked his face. I kept taking pictures of the guy getting dicked from
both ends! Then, when Dad dumped another load in his ass, Rusty moved
around to fuck him, I shoved my cock down his throat and Jeff took over
making pictures. We all shot three loads apiece up his ass.

Then we pulled him off the couch and threw him in the middle of the
floor. We all stood around him and when he looked up, Dad shoved his cock
in the guys mouth and began pissing down his throat. The guy almost drowned
at first but Dad held his head and eventually the guy started
swallowing. He drank the piss of all four of us while we continued to make
a graphic record of his humiliation.

When he'd swallowed the last of our piss, Dad gave him a karate chop across
the neck which put him out like a light. Dad said he'd be out for at least
2 hours. We all got dressed and left. Since we'd all worn rubber gloves,
there were not fingerprints we'd have to worry about. We doubted that he
was going to report the 'crime' anyway because an hour later, Jeff and I
returned to the house, we left a stack of the photos that we had taken and
left them lying next to him where he was sure to find them.

We went back home and an hour later, Dad went out to a nearby pay-phone and
called the guy.  He groggily answered. He'd only just come to and must have
thought that it was all an alcohol induced hallucination, until he saw the
stack of pictures! Dad told him that these were just copies. That he had 72
hours to get out of town and never set foot in it again or these pictures
would go everywhere - including to his place of work!

Three days later we checked. The house was bare - nothing! Not a stick of
furniture left. And the guy was never heard of again.

We never told Keith what we'd done. We figured that he didn't need to
know. We did however tell him that his step-father had left town,
completely disappeared and nobody knew where he'd gone. We figured this
would make Keith feel more secure and we were right. The subject of the
step-father never came up again.

Were we right to do what we did? I've thought about it for a long time now
and I still believe that we did the right thing. There was no other way to
get justice for what that asshole had done to Keith. I was proud of our one
'family' military operation and it's success.

Life for the family became pretty normal fairly quickly...well, as normal
as our family is ever going to be! Keith blossomed into a very confident,
outgoing young man, bolstered by the love of his four 'parents'. Well, his
four lovers, fuck-buddies, whatever! There really aren't words for what the
five of us are to each other.

Keith did so well that he graduated high school with honors and won a
scholarship to my alma mater - San Diego Community College. For a
graduation present, the four of us bought him a Mazda Miata, just like mine
- only red!

The night of his eighteenth birthday, we had a huge dinner for him and then
we had a short talk with Keith. Basically, we told him that now, as an
adult, he was no longer our 'foster child' and was free to do whatever he
wanted with his life. He could live with us as long as he wanted but it was
completely up to him. He sat there looking at us, confused.

"You want me to leave?" he asked.

"FUCK NO!!!" Dad roared! "Boy! We just want you to know what your options
are! We don't want you to ever leave!"

"Well, good! Because I'm not goin' anywhere! This is my home! You're my
family! You're my lovers, my fuck-buddies, my best friends! I would
probably be dead if it wasn't for you! Besides, who could I get to wreak
revenge for me the way you guys can?!" he smirked.

We all looked at him in shock!

"Yeah, that's right. I wasn't asleep that night. I followed you guys. When
I saw how you were dressed I figured you were up to something to do with my
step-father. You closed the curtains but you didn't check the back door!
You left it unlocked. I snuck in and watched the whole thing!  I was so
proud of you guys! I wanted to join in, but I figured you wouldn't let
me. This was something that you had to do. But you did it for me and I'll
always be grateful." he said.

"Well, I'll be fucked!" Dad said.

"Just what I want for my birthday! Your butt! Let's go down in the playroom
and really have a party!" Keith grinned.

The End of Chapter Twenty Three of MARINE HERO.

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Mon, 23 Feb 2004 13:16:50 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 22

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty Two - Keith Meets Dad and Rusty

Jeff and I got down and licked all the cum off of Keith's body and some of
our piss as well. Then we all three exchanged sloppy kisses tasting the
piss and cum. Finally, we rinsed off and got out of the tub and dried
off. At point, I figured that Keith's balls were empty - at least for a
little while - and he would be needing the other thing that all teenage
boys are focused on - food!

"You hungry?" I asked Keith.

He grinned at me.

"Fuckin' starvin'!" he replied.

"I figured! If they ain't fuckin'- boys are eating!" I laughed.

And Jeff joined in the laughter.

"Yeah! We may have to get second jobs just to feed him!" Jeff chuckled.

"No! Guys! I can get a job! I can pay for myself!" Keith insisted, not
realizing we were kidding.

I took him in my arms and kissed him gently.

"You'll do no such thing! You're part of this family now! You don't have to
'pay for yourself'!  Your job is to go to school and make us proud of you!"
I said.

"Yeah! We ain't gonna go broke feeding you! Fuck, we feed two active duty
Marines around here! One teenage boy isn't gonna make that much
difference!" Jeff chuckled.

"Let's not forget the one former Marine who still eats like he's a teenage
boy!" I reminded my lover who just grinned back at me. "Okay, let's go down
and get some food in you, Keith."

"I'll go get dressed." he said.

"Why, are you cold?" I asked.

"Well...no." he said.

"Boy, we don't wear clothes around here. Makes things more casual and saves
on laundry. You just gonna have to get used to it." Jeff said. "We're all
guys so we ain't got nothin' to hide from each other. Besides, I like to
see all the swingin' dick and the nice asses walking around!"

"Okay." Keith grinned.

But I could tell that he was going to have trouble with it for a while. Not
very long, I was willing to bet, however.

We went down to the kitchen and I fixed both Jeff and Keith a mound of
sandwiches and gave them each two bowls of vegetable soup from the large
caldron I had simmering on the back of the stove. I usually had a pot of
soup or stew going all the time so anyone could just help themselves. I
told Keith this, that he was to eat anything he wanted. He was never, ever
to go hungry in this house!

When they were done, it was about time for Dad and Rusty to get home. I
figured that Jeff and I had better talk to them before they were startled
by a naked sixteen year old running around the house. I asked Keith to go
up to the guest room and take a nap again so that Jeff and I could talk to
Dad and Rusty. I also told him that, if what I thought was going to happen
happened., he was going to need the rest!

Keith went upstairs as I asked but I could tell he was scared. I tried to
reassure him that Dad and Rusty would be okay with his being a part of the
family, they just need it presented to them by us.  Jeff and I both hugged
and kissed him before he went up.

We didn't have long to wait. It was no more than ten minutes and Dad and
Rusty came through the front door. We all hugged and kissed each other and
Dad went to go get naked but I stopped him, saying that Jeff and I had
something important we wanted to talk to both of them about. Dad and Rusty
looked at each other as if to say, 'what the fuck?'.

"You ain't pregnant, are you, boy?" Dad said to me, as we walked into the
kitchen and I got coffee for both of them.

"Well...you're a lot closer than you'd guess, Dad." I said.

"What?!" he exclaimed.

"Please, just sit down. Let Jeff and I tell you what's going on."

"Okay. But this better be good news! I've had a bitch of a day!" Dad
growled.

As calmly and sympathetically as we could, we told Dad and Rusty about
Keith. We told them about what had happened to Keith - the abuse, being
thrown out and living on the streets. The fact that Keith's father had been
a Marine who was killed in Bosnia. All of it. We also told them of our
experiences with Keith that afternoon.

"Dad, he needs a home. Better still - he needs this home. He's in love with
me and more, he's desperate for any kind of male love. We just can't turn
him out in the street again." I begged my Dad.

"Well, I agree with that. But we could get into a hell of a lot of trouble
here, Mikey. He's underage and he's not ours." Dad said.

"But we can make him ours." I said.

"Mikey's right, Mike." Rusty said. "What about that young gay lawyer you
know? Couldn't he help with this?"

"You know, you're right! I'll bet he could!" Dad said. "Are you both sure
about this - a kid is a big responsibility, you know?"

"Yes, we're sure! And I'm sure you're gonna be once you meet him." Jeff
told Dad.

"Well, where is he?" Dad asked.

"He's up in the guest room. We wanted to talk to you first without just
'springing' him on you.  Oh, I should warn you of one thing before I bring
him down. He's probably the most beautiful boy you've ever seen in your
lives." I said smiling.

Dad's eyebrows raised at this as did Rusty's.

"He's not kidding, either! Keith is abso-fuckin'-lutely beautiful!" Jeff
added.

"Well...I guess if you're gonna have a boy around, beautiful ain't such a
bad way to go!" Rusty laughed and Dad joined in.

I went upstairs to the guest room to find Keith all dressed like he was
leaving.

"What's up, Keith?" I asked.

"I...uhh...well, you see..." he sputtered.

"You're worried that they won't want you." I said.

He hung his head and nodded.

I sat down on the bed next to him, taking him in my arms.

"Nothing could be further from the truth! They're both waiting to meet you
and Dad and Rusty are already making plans to contact a gay lawyer that Dad
knows to start the process to make you legally and permanently a part of
the family." I said.

Keith looked up at me, shock on his face.

"But they haven't even met me yet!" he said.

"Keith, I told you, Jeff and I as well as Dad and Rusty are family. Family
trusts each other. If Jeff and I say that we want you as part of the
family, Dad and Rusty are going to trust us to know what we're doing." I
said.

I saw tears start to roll down his cheeks.

"Nobody's ever really wanted me before! Except my Dad and he got killed."
Keith said.

"I know. But we want you. Especially because of your Dad." I said.

Keith looked at me questioningly.

"Keith, this is a 'Marine Corps' family. Everybody but you and me have been
in the Corps. The Corps has some values it teaches it's members. Loyalty is
foremost! No Marine or that Marine's family is ever going to want for
anything as long as there are other Marines around! Dad, Rusty and Jeff see
making you a part of our family as honoring the sacrifice your Dad made as
a Marine." I said, hugging him to me.

"I think Dad would have loved you guys!" Keith said.

"And I'm sure we would have loved your Dad. Now, are you ready to meet my
Dad?" I asked.

"Yeah. Just one thing. Can I leave my clothes on?" he asked quietly.

"No problem! Dad and Rusty are still in uniform. You might be uncomfortable
being naked around them. Later, you'll see them naked. Trust me, they won't
stay dressed long!" I chuckled.

Dad and Rusty were as much nudists as Jeff and I were.

"Okay. Let's go." Keith said, his voice showing resignation.

"Could you make that sound less like we're going to your execution?" I
grinned.

"Okay." he said, smiling at me.

We went downstairs to the kitchen. When we walked in and Dad and Rusty got
a look at Keith, I thought they were going to choke on their coffee! We'd
told them how beautiful Keith was, but I guess they had to see it with
their own eyes!

"Keith, this is my Dad, Master Sergeant Michael Harrison and his lover,
Master Sergeant Rusty McNab. Dad, Rusty, this is Keith Davidson." I said.

Dad reached out his hand and he and Keith shook hands.

"Mikey tells me that your Dad was a member of the Corps. Is that right,
son?" Dad asked.

"Yes, sir. Sergeant Thomas Davidson. He was killed in Bosnia." Keith
answered.

"Well, we are sorry for your loss, son. However, that gives us something
interesting in common."  Dad said.

"What's that, sir?" Keith asked.

"Well, my middle name is Thomas, as is Mikey's. You probably didn't know
that." Dad said.

"No sir!" Keith said and it seemed to put him at ease.

Rusty reached out his hand to Keith and Keith went over to shake hands with
Rusty.

"Well, you certainly are a beautiful young man!" Rusty said smiling. "Jeff
and Mikey told us about you but they didn't do you justice!"

"Thank you, sir." Keith said.

"Well, let's get something straight right now, Keith. If you're going to be
a part of our family then I'm Rusty, not sir! I'm not an officer and you're
not a grunt! So you call me Rusty, just like everybody else!" Rusty smiled
at Keith.

"Yes...uhhh...Rusty." Keith smiled.

"Yeah, boy! I'm Mike. Also known as 'Bulldog'!" Dad said.

"Just like the Marine Corps mascot!" Keith said.

Dad's eyes lit up! Nothing pleased my Dad more than people who had
knowledge of the Corps - especially it's customs and traditions.

"That's right! Do you know the Marine Corps motto, son?" Dad asked him.

"Yes. Semper Fidelis!" Keith smiled.

"Good! Do you know what it means, son?" Dad asked.

"Always Faithful" Keith answered.

"Very good! And that's why we want you as part of our family." Dad said.

"It is?" Keith asked, clearly not understanding what Dad was driving at.

"Son, your Dad died a hero, defending oppressed people. More importantly,
he died a Marine hero. He was a member of the greatest fighting force the
world has ever known - The United States Marine Corps. The Corps is 'Always
Faithful' to this country but, more importantly, the members of the Corps
are always faithful to each other! You Dad died probably knowing that
someone in the Corps would always be there for you. So now we are." Dad
said.

"Thank you!" Keith said, his eyes glowing.

Then he made a movement towards Dad but stopped suddenly when he realized
what he was doing.

"What's the matter, son? I don't bite! Well, not unless you ask me to!" Dad
smiled and held out his arms.

Keith was in Dad's arms in a shot and Dad held the boy to his muscular
Marine body, gently stroking Keith's long, blond hair as sobs of relief
wracked the young boy's body.

"That's okay, son." Dad crooned to him softly. "You're home now. You don't
ever have to be alone again."

Rusty, Jeff and I watched this 'bonding' between Dad and Keith and knew
that, somehow, everything would work out. I noticed that there were tears
glistening in all our eyes, including my Dad's and mine.

Keith finally calmed down and Dad let him go. Keith, unerringly, headed
straight for Rusty, who opened his arms to enfold the boy as well. Just as
I had predicted, Keith was not going to ever lack for male love or
attention in this house!

I made some more sandwiches for all of us and started ladling soup into
bowls. Keith, being the typical teenager, was all ready to devour
everything in sight - even having eaten less than an hour before! Jeff was
just as bad! I saw Dad and Rusty smile at each other over Keith's healthy
appetite.

"That's it, son! Eat up!" Dad said to him. "We're gonna take you downstairs
to the weight room and start putting more muscle on that fine young body of
yours!"

"He's already got plenty of 'muscle' where it counts!" Jeff grinned.

"Do tell!" Dad said, grinning. "Well, I can't tell through those baggy
sweat pants."

Keith, without a word, stood up and pulled off his top and pants, standing
gloriously naked in front of Dad and Rusty. I saw their eyes widen, not
just at the beauty of Keith, but I saw that they noticed the welts and
bruises I had told them about. They didn't mention them however so as to
not embarrass Keith.

"Hmm. You really are a fine looking young man!" Dad said, admiringly.

"Yes! You certainly are!" Rusty said.

This acted on Keith the way that compliments worked on most boys his
age. He blushed and his cock immediately got hard, pointing at the ceiling.

"Well! Yeah! A fine young man!" Dad laughed.

Keith went to hide his hardon but Dad grabbed his hands.

"No, son! Never cover up your cock! That's a beautiful part of you! It's
what makes you a man!"  Dad said.

Keith blushed and smiled.

"Maybe he'd be less embarrassed if we weren't sitting here dressed." Rusty
said to Dad and we all saw Keith's eyes light up at the id ea of getting to
see Rusty and Dad naked as well.

"I think you're right!" Dad said and he and Rusty stood up and quickly
divested themselves of all their clothes.

I thought that Keith's eyes were going to bug out of his head when he was
finally presented with the sight of the hard, muscular bodies of the two
older Marines! I could see the naked, raw lust in Keith's eyes and knew
that an orgy was probably only moment away! Well, as the saying goes - 'the
family that plays together, stays together'!

I watched as Keith, almost in a daze, walked over to Dad, who's cock was
now as hard as Keith's, and reached out his hand to gently stroke Dad's
massive erection. Dad groaned.

"You like that, son?" Dad asked.

Keith looked up at Dad, his eyes shining.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" Keith answered.

"Well, why don't you show me what you can do with it." Dad said softly.

Keith immediately went to his knees in front of Dad and slid the foreskin
of Dad's cock down and began licking at the head, tasting Dad's glistening
pre-cum. Dad's hands went to Keith's head and began to run his fingers
through the boy's golden hair.

"Fuck, yeah! That's it son! Suck my cock!" Dad groaned.

Which is exactly what Keith proceeded to do. Since Dad hadn't showered
since early that morning. Keith was soon feasting on the slight buildup of
smegma under the head of Dad's cock, moaning at the pungent taste and
smell.

"Yeah, son! Eat that cheese! You like that, boy?" Dad asked.

Keith looked up, his eyes glazed with lust.

"Oh, fuck yeah! I love it! Can I drink your piss?" Keith asked.

That shocked not only Jeff and I but Dad as well!

"You like drinkin' piss boy?!" Dad asked.

"Fuck, yeah!" Keith assured him.

"We just introduced him to piss about an hour ago!" Jeff told Dad.

"Well, you must have done a good job!" Dad groaned as Keith continued
sucking on Dad's cock, trying to get more and more of it in his mouth.

At this point, Rusty moved to Dad's side, his own hard cock thrust
forward. Dad grabbed Rusty's cock and skinned back the hood. The scent of
raw, male cock and smegma was released and it's raunchy odor permeated the
room, making Jeff and my already hard cocks drip with cock-snot.

"Here's some more cheese for you, son. I know you're real hungry. I can
tell the way you're suckin' my cock." Dad groaned.

Without missing a beat, Keith pulled off Dad's cock and immediately went
down on Rusty's, licking up all the cheese under Rusty's hood.  Rusty
groaned.

"Fuck! This boy's got a mouth on him!" Rusty said.

"Wait 'til you fuck him! Sweetest, hottest, tightest butt I've ever
fucked!" Jeff assured them.

"I think we need to move this down to the playroom, guys!" Dad announced.

Keith pulled off Rusty's cock.

"Playroom?" he asked.

"You're in for a real treat!" Dad grinned at him.

Reaching down, Dad pulled Keith up into his arms and kissed him
passionately, tasting his own and his lover's raunch in Keith's
mouth. Keith's arms went around Dad's neck and held onto him like his life
depended on it! The tenderness between the two didn't surprise me at
all. I'm sure that Keith was doing exactly what I'd said he could. He
couldn't make love to his own Dad but he could surely make love to mine!
And it seemed that I had been right in thinking that was exactly what Keith
needed. He was not only hungry for love - he was hungry for male love and,
in particular, the love of an older man like his father - and my Dad was
even a Marine, just like Keith's Dad had been! Better still, I could see
Dad responding to the hunger and need in the young teen.

Dad broke the kiss, and looked at Keith.

"Let's go to the playroom. I want that butt of yours!" Dad grinned.

"Oh, yeah! Please fuck me! I want your cock inside me!" Keith begged.

"No problem, son!" Dad grinned back.

We all headed downstairs, Dad and Keith first, followed by Rusty and then
Jeff and me. Jeff threw his arm around me and kissed me gently on the
cheek.

"You done good, lover!" he murmured.

"Yeah! I sure did, didn't I!" I smiled.

We all gathered downstairs in the playroom. It was the largest of the three
rooms that were downstairs. The smallest was the laundry, next largest was
the workout room, filled with free- weights and finally there was the
playroom. In the center of the room was a raised platform ten feet
square. On it was a thick mattress with a fitted cover made of black
leather. Near it was a leather sling, hanging by chains from the
ceiling. On the other side of the room was large open shower that could
easily hold six men. It was there that most of the watersports play went
on. On the forth side of the room was a special chair which Dad and Jeff
had designed and built. It was for rimming. It allowed the person eating
ass, to relax below while the ass he was eating was put right at mouth
level and yet allowed the man being rimmed to relax on supports as well. It
was quite comfortable for both men and we all used it often.

Dad led Keith to the platform and they laid down together, Keith cuddling
in Dad's arms. Rusty looked on and then turned to Jeff and me.

"I think those two don't need any help right now." Rusty smiled.

"No, I don't think so. I think Dad is giving Keith what he's needed for a
long time." I said.

"Well, that leaves the three of us. That's one of my favorite numbers!"
Rusty laughed.

"And I bet I know what you want!" Jeff laughed.

"Yeah! Both our cocks up your ass!" I laughed.

"Well, I guess I've become predictable!" Rusty said.

"Oh, you're very 'dickable'! That's for sure!" Jeff said, running his hand
down Rusty's bubble butt and slipping his fingers into the Marine's hungry
hole.

"Ahh, fuck! I love when you do that, Jeff!" Rusty moaned.

"Yeah, you like it better when it's the whole fist though!" Jeff chuckled.

"Sure do!" Rusty moaned.

"By the way," Jeff murmured to Rusty, "I checked out Keith's hands for
you. They're long, slender and very supple. I'm thinkin' he might just be
able to do for you what you're always saying that you want."

"You mean...?" Rusty looked at Jeff intensely.

"Yep! I'll bet he could work both those hands up your butt and double fist
you!" Jeff grinned.

"Oh, fuck!" Rusty moaned. "We gotta try!"

"Well then we'd better get you hosed out." I said.

And with that, we climbed off the platform, leaving Dad and Keith alone on
it. Dad's huge, muscular body was covering Keith's more slender form and
they were lost in a passionate kiss.  Keith's legs were already wrapped
around Dad's waist and his arms were around Dad's neck. It was obvious that
the two were rapidly forming an almost unbreakable emotional bond. For Dad,
I think it was like having the young, needy eagerness of my body for him
when we first met. For Keith, I knew exactly what he was feeling,
remembering first getting to make love to the man who was the reason that I
came into existence. That is a knowledge and a feeling that just cannot be
equaled. As much as I love and desire Jeff as my mate, the incredible
connection to my Dad was something that so intense that the desire for it
never left me. It was as if the genes that I shared with him called out to
be once again united with him.

We helped Rusty hose out, all of us getting wet in the process as Rusty
sprayed the warm, clean water from his hole all over us. I, of course,
locked my mouth around his opening and drank some of the warm ass-water as
Jeff got in front of Rusty and drank down his warm piss. We then returned
to the platform. By this time, Dad had Keith up on Keith's hands and knees,
eating out the boy's hole. Keith was lost in the erotic pleasure, his eyes
closed and shoving his ass back into Dad's face, trying to get Dad's tongue
deeper and deeper into his hole.

We figured we give Keith a little more education and lay down so that he
could watch between my legs while Jeff and I fucked Rusty's willing, hungry
ass at the same time. I watched Rusty lube up Jeff's cock as he lay there
on his back and then climb on, sinking Jeff's cock in his open butthole in
one smooth slide down it. I could see Keith now, watching the action as Dad
rose up and began to slowly and gently slide his cock into Keith's tight,
young hole.

When Rusty leaned over Jeff, I moved into position giving Keith a 'bird's
eye view' of me preparing to sink my cock into Rusty's hungry ass along
side Jeff's cock. I could hear the 'slap- slap-slap' of Dad's thighs
hitting the back of Keith's ass as he fucked the boy. I could also hear
Keith's moans as he was pleasured by the big Marine cock up his needy
shithole. He must have been watching intently as I prepared to slide my
cock up Rusty's butt because I also heard a gasp behind me.

"Oh, fuck! He can't...uhh....Oh, Fuck!" I heard Keith exclaim as my cock
slid easily into Rusty's hole along with Jeff's cock.

I started fucking Rusty hard and fast and Jeff joined in my rhythm. Soon
Rusty was crying out in bliss from the intense double-fuck that he was
getting from our cocks.

"Oh, yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me you fuckers! Drive your fuckin' cocks in my
hole! Tear up my fuckin' ass with your dicks!" Rusty groaned as we proceed
to try and do exactly that.

"FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" I heard Keith scream from behind me.

The boy had gotten off much too quickly for Dad. I guess the fuck was too
emotionally intense for him - plus watching the sexual spectacle that Jeff,
Rusty and I were putting on for him. But it seemed to trigger Rusty as
well.

"FUCK!!! YEAH!!! SLAM THOSE COCK IN MY HOLE!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" And with
that, I felt his hole spasm around our cocks.

Neither Jeff nor I had cum at that point and I was pretty sure that Dad
hadn't either. Rusty pulled off our cocks and got out from between Jeff and
me. I moved up and taking some lube, greased up my hole and slid down on
Jeff's cock just where Rusty had been moments ago.

"Ahh, fuck! Yeah, lover! Fuck yourself on my cock!" Jeff moaned, his eyes
looking up into mine, shining with love and lust.

"My favorite horsey ride!" I chuckled and he grinned back at me.

I bent forward to kiss him and that's when I felt it...another cock
pressing at my hole next to Jeff's. I'd never been double-fucked but I had
fantasized about it. I looked back and saw that it was Dad who was trying
to get into my hole.

"You okay with this, son?" Dad asked.

"Yeah, Dad! I've wanted this a long time! Just go slow!" I asked.

"Don't worry, son! You know I wouldn't hurt you for the world!" Dad
murmured into my ear and then started chewing on my ear lobe.

I groaned! This was one way to really get to me - and Dad knew it! I
stopped moving on top of Jeff's cock and let Dad begin pushing inside of
me. It hurt some at first but I knew from long experience of being fucked
that the pain would be momentary. I began pushing out with my ass muscles
and breathing deeply to make my hole relax more, just as I'd taught Keith
to do. Within moments, I could feel Dad's cock moving deeper and deeper
inside of me. The pain disappeared and the feeling of fullness was
incredible! More than that, the knowledge that I was being fucked by both
my mate and my Dad was overwhelming! So much love! The two men I loved most
in the entire world making love to me at the same time!

Dad was all the way in and rested, allowing my stretched shit-chute to
become used to the size of him and Jeff together. Dad's hands came around
me and began playing with my nipples, while Jeff reached down and began to
gently stroke my hard cock. Dad must have been looking over my shoulder and
down at Jeff because I began to hear Dad talking to him.

"Yeah, boy! Your cock feel's good in my boy's ass! We're fuckin' him
together! I love watchin' you fuck him and now I'm getting to feel it!
Fuck! I love you both so much!" Dad said.

"Oh, yeah, Dad!" Jeff answered. "I love the feel of your cock, man! I love
fuckin' your son and I love that we're doin' it together! He's always
needed both of us, now he's finally got us like he's always wanted! What
I've always dreamed of being able to give him!"

I was shocked for a moment. Jeff knew all that? I knew that he accepted the
fact that I needed my Dad both emotionally and sexually. But I had never
told him of my fantasy of having both him and Dad fuck me at the same time!
I'd kept that very private to myself. Never telling either of them. But,
somehow, Jeff figured it out. Perhaps 'figured' was the wrong word. We were
so bonded to each other emotionally that he could probably feel it from me
and innately realized what I craved. Now it was happening and all three of
us couldn't be happier!

Dad and Jeff began fucking my hole. I couldn't believe the intensity of the
feeling! As Dad's cock slid deep into me, I could also feel Jeff's sliding
out. Then Jeff driving into me while Dad's cock was making it's way
back. It was so incredible that I briefly wondered how Rusty could take
this as long as I'd seen him take it before! I knew I was about to go over
the edge and I couldn't stop myself!

It was about that time that I heard deep groaning coming from both Dad and
Jeff.

"AHH FUCK!!! SUCH A TIGHT HOLE!!! FUCKIN' CUMMIN' IN YOUR BUTT, BOY!!!"
Dad screamed out.

"YEAH! SHOOT THAT HOT SCUM UP HIS HOLE!!! BATHE MY COCK IN YOUR CUM!!! I'M
CUMMIN'!!!' Jeff screamed out.

That's all it took for me!

"FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME!!! SHOOT YOUR LOADS IN ME!!!" I screamed as I felt Dad
and Jeff's cocks unloading their ball juice in me and I was blasting mine
all over Jeff!

We were a trembling mass of male orgasm for quite a while, it was that
intense and experience for us. In some ways, it was like the very first
time I'd ever been fucked by Jeff - and the first time I'd ever been fucked
by Dad - combined! Finally Dad pulled out of me and I slid off of Jeff.  It
was at that point we heard soft moans and looked over to where the sound
came from.

There was Rusty and Keith. Rusty was on his back with his legs pulled
back. Keith already had one hand up Rusty's ass and was getting the other
hand into position to join it up Rusty's eager butt! I looked at Rusty and
could see the glazed expression on his face! He was lost in the feelings
that Keith was causing deep in his hole. We all slid over to watch this
'first' - Keith's first fisting and Rusty's first 'double-fisting'. Rusty
looked up at me and groaned out only two words.

"Feed me!"

I knew immediately what he wanted. I stood up and squatted over his face,
lowering my ass to where he could suck on my just fucked ass and suck out
Dad and Jeff's loads. His mouth locked onto my hole, sucking my ass lips
inside his mouth as his tongue started digging deep in my stretched
opening. I pushed down with my ass muscles, shitting all the ass-flavored
cum that Dad and Jeff had deposited up me while I watched Keith second hand
moving slowly through Rusty's sphincter to join it's mate inside Rusty's
ass! It was an incredible sight when I saw nothing but Keith's two
forearms, his hands and wrists buried deep in Rusty's fully stretched hole!

Rusty was moaning into my ass, the vibrations giving me a tremendous urge
to piss! I started letting it out slowly all over Rusty's body and even
squirted some onto Keith as he continued to move both his hands inside
Rusty's hole. Keith looked up grinning at me as I pissed and then leaned
over, his hands still inside Rusty's butt and took my pissing cock into his
mouth, swallowing everything I had to give! I kept the flow slow so that he
wouldn't have trouble swallowing it. Jeff stood up at that point and put
his cock in my mouth and started feeding me his hot piss. I eagerly drank
from my mate's spout, eagerly drinking down all the golden juice he had
inside.

I emptied my cock into Keith and felt him withdraw his mouth from my
cock. I looked out of the corner of my eye, as I continued to drink from
Jeff's pissing cock, in time to see Keith get his stated wish. Dad was
kneeling beside him, feeding Keith his hot man-piss and Keith was drinking
it down like a thirsty man who's just spent days in the desert without
water! I guess we truly had made Keith quite a piss-pig! In the space of
hours, he'd gone from virgin to being introduced to all the forms of sex
that we as a family loved. I couldn't believe how easily he fit in and how
perfectly his tastes seemed to match ours!

Jeff's piss finally ran out as did Dad's. I got up off Rusty's face, having
emptied my ass of all the cum that Dad and Jeff had deposited there. He
smiled up at me.

"Thank you! That was very tasty! Now, just one more thing." Rusty said.

"What's that, lover?" Dad asked him.

"I gotta piss!" Rusty said.

I think Keith would have drank Rusty's piss too, but Dad got there first,
bending down and drinking deeply of his lover's man-piss. I saw Keith's
eyes bulging as he watched this. I guess he still had something to learn
about the mutuality of our relationships to each other. As I told him - not
bottoms! And no Tops, either! When Dad finished drinking all of Rusty's
piss, he leaned over and kissed Keith deeply, allowing him to taste Rusty's
piss from Dad's mouth. Then I heard Dad murmur to Keith.

"You gotta piss, too, son?"

Keith grinned and nodded. Dad moved over to where he could get to Keith's
cock as Keith knelt with both hands still buried up Rusty's butt. Dad took
Keith's cock in his mouth. I was Keith close his eyes and moments later,
could hear Dad eagerly gulping down his 'new' son's golden flow. Rusty was
aware of this as well and it was enough to trigger him. His cock rose up
from his abs and began launching ropes of cum all across his body!

"AHH!!! FUCK!!! YEAH!!! FIST MY FUCKIN' ASS!!!" he screamed.

I could see Keith moving his hands and figured he was pushing them against
Rusty's swollen prostate to give Rusty an even more intense orgasm. Rusty
certainly seemed to cum more than usual!

Keith slowly removed his hands from Rusty's butt and began to lick them
clean, evidently enjoying the tastes from up inside Rusty's butt! This was
something that none of us had ever thought of doing! But I was sure gonna
try it the next time I fisted Rusty!

After that, we lay in a pile like a litter of puppies, kissing, licking and
stroking each other for a long time.

"Well, you think you're gonna like being a part of this family?" I heard
Dad ask Keith.

"Oh! Fuck, yeah! This is more than a dream come true!" Keith swore.

"We're here for you. Always." Rusty said to Keith.

"We're your family, your fuck-buddies, your best friends and your
protectors from now on." Jeff assured the boy.

"And we all love you. And that's for always, as well." I said.

Keith had tears running down his face by the time we finished welcoming him
to the family with these words. He went to each of us, kissing us
passionately and lovingly and we each held him for a while. I was last. He
looked up at me, curled up in my arms, and went deeply asleep.

The End of Chapter Twenty Two of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sun, 22 Feb 2004 18:59:23 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 21

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty One - Keith Meets Jeff

Jeff and I talked for about an hour. I told him the whole story about
Keith. At first, he was not a happy camper! But gradually, he began to
understand and to completely sympathize with what I'd done.

"But what now? What are we going to do with him?" Jeff asked.

"Adopt him. Or whatever we have to do to keep him with us and safe." I
said.

"You know you could lose your job over this." he said.

"I'm sorry, but it would be worth it if I can keep Keith off the streets
and away from that bastard step-father of his!" I said.

Jeff just looked at me and shook his head. Finally he smiled.

"Well...you wouldn't be you if you did anything else, I guess. I love you
just the way you are!  Which, of course, makes us both seriously mental!"
he grinned.

"Come upstairs with me. I want you to meet him before Dad and Rusty get
home. I don't want him to have to meet you guys in a 'bunch'!" I said.

"Yeah, I guess it would be somewhat intimidating!" he grinned.

We went upstairs and into the guest room. Keith was still asleep, curled up
on his side facing us.  Jeff stood there looking at him for a moment.

"My God! You weren't kidding! He's fucking beautiful!" he whispered to me.

"Yeah, but look." I said gently lifting the cover and showing Jeff the some
of the bruises on Keith's body.

"Oh, my fucking God! I want to kill that bastard!" Jeff said, his face
going red with anger.

"Yeah. I agree. And I have some ideas about that but I want to talk to Dad
and Rusty first." I said grimly. "Calm down, love. Let me wake him up."

I sat down on the bed and leaned down over, kissing Keith gently and
stroking his golden hair.  He woke slowly, looking up at me, I'm sure not
really aware of where he was at first.

"Wha...Oh! Hi!" he smiled up at me and slipped his arms around my neck,
kissing me passionately.

I pulled my mouth from his, smiling and unhooked his arms from around my
neck.

"There's somebody here who wants to meet you. My lover, Jeff." I said.

Because my body was blocking his view, Keith hadn't noticed that there was
somebody else in the room. I got up and let Keith see Jeff for the first
time. I saw the fear in Keith's eyes but I also saw his eyes raking my
lover's body from his feet to his head and back again. Then Keith's look
turned to one of desire!

"He told me you were beautiful! He didn't say you were THAT beautiful!"
Keith said.

>From somebody else, it might have been a 'line' but it was obvious that
Keith innocently meant every word.

"Gee! I was just thinking the very same thing!" Jeff smiled at Keith and
sat down on the side of the bed, near to Keith but not touching him.

"You're not mad at me are you?" Keith asked.

"Why would I be mad at you?" Jeff asked, confused.

"Well...because of...of what your lover and I did." he said.

"Oh, you mean because you and Mike made love to each other?" Jeff
smiled. "No. I'm not mad at you. I only hope that you'll want to make love
with me, too."

Keith's eyes opened wide at this!

"Oh, fuck, yeah! Definitely!" he enthused.

It was then that Jeff leaned over and captured Keith's mouth with his own,
kissing the boy deeply. Keith's arms went around Jeff's neck and then Jeff
was holding Keith in his arms as they 'sucked face' for quite a while. I
finally cleared my throat - loudly.

"Ahem! If you guys would like to be alone?" I said in mock jealousy.

Jeff and Keith broke their kiss and looked at me. Jeff immediately started
laughing and, once Keith figured out I was joking, he joined in.

"I talked to your Dad a little while ago. He and Rusty are not going to be
home for a couple of hours yet. Some kind of meeting at the base. Something
to do with increased security." Jeff said.

"So that gives us time to play together, if either of you are 'up' to it?"
I grinned.

Jeff slid his hand down the covers over Keith's body until he reached his
groin, finding, as I suspected he would, a very rampant teenage hardon!

"Yep! Somebody's 'up'!" Jeff laughed.

"That doesn't count! That thing of his never goes down!" I laughed.

"Well, here's another one that's up!" Keith announced with his hand firmly
planted on my lover's obvious crotch bulge.

"Well, I can't help it! It smells like sex in here! And you!" he said,
looking at Keith and grinning, "you smell of sex and boy! That's a
combination I can't resist!"

"Why resist?" Keith asked him, grinning back.

"Well, then I guess we better get naked. But I think we should move this to
our room. The bed's bigger." I said.

"I agree!" Jeff said and stood up.

I saw Keith hesitate. I knew he was naked and hard and he was having a
little trouble with that.

"Get used to it, kiddo! We mostly go naked around the house. Hardons are
something you're gonna see all the time!" I said, smiling.

"Okay!" he grinned back and threw off the covers.

Jeff's eyes nearly popped out of his head at the beauty of Keith's
body. But he could also now fully see the bruises as well. He looked over
at me.

"Somebody's gonna pay for that!" he said quietly so that only I could hear
it.

"Come on! Let's go." I said, but nodded at Jeff, letting him know I had
heard and understood.

We went down the hall to our bedroom and the king-sized bed. When we got to
the room, Keith sat on the bed and watched both of us get naked. Well...he
more watched Jeff. After all, he'd already seen me naked. Jeff was 'fresh
meat' and Keith's eyes widened when he saw how much meat!

"Hung really good, isn't he?" I chuckled.

Keith blushed, knowing I'd caught him scrutinizing Jeff's body. I walked
over to the bed and tilted his head up until he was looking at me.

"Looking is good, Keith. Nothing to be ashamed of. Not in this house. Not a
man who lives here is ever going to complain about someone looking at him -
or desiring him, either. Okay?" I asked him.

"Yeah. Okay." he said but I could tell it was still going to be a problem
for him for a while.

So much damage is done so young to gay boys. Long before they even know
that they're gay, society teaches them to hate 'queers', which basically
means hating themselves. The adolescent years are particularly homophobic
ones. You don't dare let your peers know that you desire or are even
curious about their young, lean bodies or their 'Ever-Ready' cocks that
rise in a stiff breeze, just like yours! The odd thing about this is, that
this is the very time in life when most guys have what may turn out to be
their only sexual experiences with someone of the same sex.

It's a very randy and horny time - particularly for boys and the old saying
that 'a hard dick has no conscience' leads some into areas they'd never
explored before. It also leaves some with buried feelings of guilt and fear
for the rest of their lives - fear that they might be 'queer', or at least
partially. After all, didn't they enjoy it? Wasn't it exciting - those
first, fumbling experiences?  The feel of your buddy's hard cock in your
hand, so much like your own but so different! The feel of his hand on your
hard cock, gently stroking you - so much better than your own hand!  Maybe
even the feel and taste of your buddy's cock in your mouth - the sweatiness
of his cock, the warm, musty scent of his crotch, the sweet-salty taste of
his pre-cum and maybe even the salty taste of his cum as he shoots his
adolescent load in your mouth. The feel of his lips and mouth around your
cock - so warm and wet. Maybe a few scrapes of teeth from an inexperienced
mouth. And maybe the incredible, mind-blowing feeling of shooting your load
into his warm, sucking mouth. Memories held for a lifetime. Buried well
lest they disturb the 'straight' image so long worked at.

I knew, as we climbed into the bed, that what Keith really wanted was to
experience Jeff. It was only natural - the attraction of the new. I also
knew that he was trying desperately to hide this from me, fearing I would
take it as rejection or trigger jealousy. I took the bull by the horns and
gave him exactly what he wanted - Jeff, with my permission.


"I think that what we ought to do here, since we've already gotten off with
each other, Keith, is to concentrate on making Jeff feel as good as
possible. What do you say?" I asked him.

"Oh, fuck yeah! It's only fair!" he grinned.

Ahh! The favorite childhood word that is carried into adolescence -
'fair'. Only children, adolescents and foolish adults believe in
'fair'. Life is not fair - but sometimes you can rig the odds against you!
That's what I wanted to do for Keith. I wanted to give him the chance that
none of the four of us had ever had - the chance to grow and develop in a
loving, openly gay environment. I wanted him to get rid of his shame at
being gay just as each one of us had managed to do. For us, however, it
came at a much later age and at a cost. I figured, looking at the bruises
on Keith's body that he'd already paid a much greater cost than any of us
had and he deserved to be proud of who and what he was now - not later.

Jeff walked over to Keith who immediately grabbed his hardon and pulled it
to his mouth, immediately trying to take as much of Jeff's large cock as he
could, slurping noisily on the big, thick fuck-stick.

"Hungry, isn't he?!" Jeff grinned at me.

"Like we both were at his age!" I replied.

Jeff pulled me to him and we 'sucked face' while Keith continued to suck on
Jeff's cock. Then I felt the warm wetness of a mouth on mine. Looking down
I smiled at Keith who was in 'gay-boy' heaven! To substantial male organs
begging to be sucked, dripping with pre-cum. And these were men's cocks -
not boys. Far bigger and more substantial than anything he'd seen in his
high school locker room. We stood there, side by side, an arm around each
other, letting Keith go back and forth between us for a while. Then, while
Keith was sucking on me, Jeff walked around the bed and got in on the other
side behind Keith.

He got Keith to get on the bed on his hands and knees, his face pointing
off the bed so he could continue to suck on my cock while Jeff got behind
him and began to explore Keith's beautiful teen-aged bubble butt with his
mouth and tongue, rimming the beautiful boy-ass deeply.

"Mmm! Tastes like your cum up here!" Jeff growled, looking over the mounds
of Keith's ass at me.

"There's still a load of his cum up me, if your interested." I said,
smiling.

"Mmm! Yeah! In a minute!" he said.

He continued to eat at Keith's butt for a few minutes more and then rose
and slapped the boy lightly on his butt-cheek.

"Trade places with Mike." he said. "I wanna taste your cum from his butt."

Keith got up off the bed and I got on it, taking Keith's rampant young cock
in my mouth once more while Jeff started licking and sucking at my hole. I
groaned around Keith's cock at the feeling! There was nobody on earth that
could suck my ass the way my lover could! He was really getting my butt
fired up to be fucked again!

"Can I...uhh...can I..." Keith stuttered.

"Out with it, boy! We don't stand on ceremony! You want somethin' open your
mouth and ask!"  Jeff said, pulling his face out of my ass for a moment.

I think this shocked Keith but I was chuckling around his cock. He was
getting exactly what Dad would have said to him in the same
situation. Better coming from Jeff! Keith had no idea how intimidating Dad
could be!

"Can I eat your ass?" Keith finally got out, his voice chocked with fear.

"You know how to eat butt, boy?" Jeff asked, the Marine in him really
coming out now.

"Yes, sir!" Keith answered, without even thinking about the 'sir' I was
willing to bet.

"You like to eat butt, boy?" Jeff questioned him further.

"Oh! Fuck yeah!" Keith's answer was much more enthusiastic this time.

"Then get back here and suck on my butt! I love a good butt-sucking!" Jeff
grinned at him.

Keith quickly pulled his cock out of my mouth and practically ran around
the bed to get to Jeff's ass! I understood the eagerness. My lover had one
of the most beautiful, edible asses in all of the world. At least, that's
what I thought! And it seemed from the eager slurping I heard going on
behind me, Keith thought so, too!

Jeff went back to eating me out while he moaned into my hole from the
tongue reaming his butt was taking from Keith. My ass was getting hotter
and hotter! I wanted a cock in my hole and I wanted it NOW!

"Hey! I need to get fucked! Who wants to fuck my hole?" I asked.

"Yeah! Me, too!" Keith said from behind me.

"Well, I think we can arrange something satisfying for both you little
fuck-pigs!" Jeff laughed, pulling his face out of my butt-trench. "How
about this? Keith, you fuck Mike while I take a ride on your butt?"

"Oh! Fuck, yeah!" Keith enthused.

"That satisfy you, lover?" Jeff asked smiling at me as I looked at him over
my shoulder.

"Perfectly! I'd knew you'd want to try out his hole. You'll love it - nice
and tight! And all I want is one of you up me. Don't really care which one!
Keith's already fucked me and he's a good fuck!" I informed Jeff.

"Well, I'm gonna have to try that out later then!" Jeff said.

I was looking beyond him to Keith who was kneeling up on the bed when Jeff
said this. I watched this look of amazement come over Keith's face.

"Keith, another house rule - 'There are no bottoms here!' All of us get
fucked. All of us fuck.  We're men. Men like to fuck. Really hot men get
fucked as well!" I informed him.

"Fuck, yeah!" Jeff agreed.

"Cool!" Keith's eyes glowed with this and I saw him looking hungrily at
Jeff's ass.

"Come on! Let's get this show on the road! My hole is hungry!" I said. And
before Keith could say anything, "Don't say a word Keith! Your hole is
always hungry!"

Jeff and I broke up laughing over this. Keith looked a little put out for a
moment but then joined in the laughter as well.

"Boy, face it. You're what? Sixteen? Sixteen through nineteen is about the
horniest a man ever is in his whole life! Just enjoy it! You're very lucky
cause you're gonna have four cocks in this house to keep you happy!" Jeff
laughed.

"And thank God there's four! I don't think two or three could keep up with
him! Not now that he knows what it's all about!" I laughed.

"All?" Jeff looked at me questioningly.

"Ahh...no. Not all. He, of course hasn't met Rusty yet and I haven't had a
chance to introduce him to the shower." I told Jeff, realizing what he was
asking of me.

"I took a shower, remember?" Keith said to me.

"Uhh...well...not that kind of shower, Keith." I said, hoping he would just
drop it there, but knowing that he wouldn't. He was a curious teenager
after all and this was a teenaged boy's favorite topic - sex!

"What kind of shower?" he asked.

"Oh, shit!" I mumbled under my breath but Jeff caught it and started
laughing.

"Keep that up and you can explain it to him!" I growled at my mirthful
lover.

"No! You're the teacher here!" he laughed all the harder.

I could see that Keith was starting to become uncomfortable. He must have
thought that Jeff was laughing at him - at his ignorance.

"Keith...I don't exactly know how to put this. There's something that all
of us are into that I'm not sure you're going to be into." I said.

"What is it?" Keith asked, really curious now.

"Before I tell you, I want to remind you of two things. The first I've
already told you and that is that you never have to do anything that you
don't want to do or are uncomfortable with. The second is that we never
make fun of somebody else's sexual desires. Just because something sounds
gross to you, doesn't mean that it's wrong or bad. It's just not for
you. Somebody else may be really into it." I said.

"Okay. So what is it?" Keith insisted.

"Have you ever heard of 'Golden Shower'?" I asked him.

"No." he replied.

"How about 'watersports'?" I asked.

"You mean like jet-ski's and stuff?" he asked.

This, of course, sent Jeff into gales of laughter.

"He's just like you! Same fuckin' answer!" Jeff howled.

"Ignore him! He's just reliving something that happened when we first got
together! No, not jet ski's and stuff." I said.

"Well, no." Keith said, becoming more frustrated by the second.

"Okay, those are both terms for...well...playing with piss." There! I'd
said it!

I looked at Keith's face, trying to determine just how badly I'd grossed
him out. Instead I saw this smirk on his face.

"You mean like pissin' on yourself?" he asked slowly.

"Or pissin' on somebody else or having them piss on you." I said.

"Or drinkin' their piss or havin' them piss up your ass!" Jeff contributed.

I didn't think that Keith really needed to know about those right now but
they were 'out of the bag' now, thanks to Jeff.

Keith got a very thoughtful look on his face.

"I've never heard of any of that but...well...I...uhh...." he got very red
in the face.

"You've done them?" I asked.

"Well, only the one - pissing on myself. In the shower." he said.

"You never tasted your own piss?" Jeff asked, looking hard at him.

"Well...maybe once or twice - just to see what it tasted like!" Keith
admitted.

"Uh-huh! And did you like the taste?" Jeff asked.

"It wasn't bad." Keith said non-committally.

"So you did like it!" Jeff grinned.

"Well...maybe." Keith said, obviously not wanting to admit it.

"Well, I love it! So does Mike. We'd both drink your piss!" Jeff announced.

Keith looked somewhat shocked at this.

"You would?!" he asked.

"Yeah, we would and I'd bet that Dad and Rusty would like to as well. But
only if you feel comfortable with it. See we love playing in piss -
pissing, getting pissed on, drinking piss, having a guy piss up our butts,
or pissing up somebody else's butt. It's great fun!" Jeff enthused.

"I don't have to piss right now, but later...uhh...would you like
to...ahh...then?" Keith asked.

"Anytime! You just say the word!" Jeff said. "Oh, Rusty's gonna just love
him!"

"Well, he does have the hands for it." I laughed.

Jeff reached down and took one of Keith's hands, looking at it and
manipulating it in his hands, seeing how flexible it was. Keith watched
this with curiosity.

"What about my hands?" he asked.

"Well...since you know everything else, you might as well learn the last
part. Rusty, that's my Dad's lover, loves to be fisted. Do you know what
that is?" I asked.

"No. You mean he likes to be punched?!" Keith winced.

I hadn't thought far enough ahead to think about how Keith would connect
that word - fist - to the abuse he'd suffered at his step-fathers hands. I
quickly put my arms around him holding him to me.

"No, babe! Never! Nobody ever hurts or hits anybody in this house!" I said,
holding him close and stroking his long, blond hair. "Fisting is putting
your whole hand up somebody's butt."

Keith looked at me, askance.

"No! You can't do that!" he insisted.

Jeff came over and put his strong, muscular arms around both of us, turning
us all into a 'human sandwich' with Keith as the 'meat'.

"Trust me, you can. In fact, I'll bet that not only will you get to see it
happen tonight, if you want, Rusty will let you do it to him." Jeff said.

"Fuck! I never even dreamed of something like that!" Keith exclaimed.

"Trust me, I never did either before I met Rusty!" I laughed. "Now, am I
gonna get my ass fucked or what?!"

"Yeah! I wanna fuck your butt real bad!" Keith

"Not to mention how bad you want to get your butt fucked by Jeff!" I
laughed at his eagerness.

God! The energy and stamina of a teenaged boy is incredible!

"Yeah, that too!" Keith smiled up at Jeff.

Jeff slid his hand down Keith's back and slid his fingers into the trench
between the globes of Keith's ass, stroking his 'pleasure hole'.

"Mmm. Feels ready to me!" he grinned and then leaned down and kissed Keith
passionately.

This was followed by Jeff kissing me deeply and then Keith kissing me as
well.

"Guys, this isn't getting me fucked!" I smiled.

"Well, then, get on the fuckin' bed!" Jeff laughed.

I got on the bed on my back, grabbing the lube off the night stand and
beginning to grease up my hole. Keith got between my legs and I greased up
his rampant cock. I had him put it at my opening and slide deep inside
me. He went in easily. This seemed to shock him at first.

"I've got a lot more practice than you, that's all. Eventually you'll be
able to take a cock in your hole just as easy." I told him.

Jeff grabbed the lube from me and I reached up and began playing with
Keith's nipples while Jeff began greasing him up and opening his shithole
with his fingers. I wanted to keep Keith good and hot while Jeff did
this. Jeff was bigger and longer than I was and I knew that it was going to
take some effort to get his cock up Keith's ass - no matter how much Keith
wanted it. Keeping his cock buried in my butt while Jeff got him ready and
entered him would help him in this effort.

"Now, you just stay in my hole and let Jeff get inside you first, before
you do any moving. Trust Jeff. He knows what he's doing. We do this a lot
with Dad and Rusty. It's called 'Lucky Pierre'."  I told Keith.

"Lucky Pierre?" he asked.

"Yeah. And you're Pierre." I smiled. "You're the lucky one who gets fucked
while he's fucking.  You're not gonna believe the feeling!"

Jeff's hands came around Keith's chest and I could see him licking and
nibbling at Keith's neck and shoulders. Keith was moaning and leaning back
against Jeff's strong, muscular chest.

"Yeah. Just relax. This is gonna feel really good. That's all we want,
Keith. We want you to feel better than you've ever felt in your life." Jeff
murmured to him.

"You guys have already done that!" Keith moaned.

"Well, you ain't seen nothin' yet!" Jeff said, beginning to lick the boy's
ear.

"Ahh! Fuck!" Keith moaned.

"Yeah, good idea!" Jeff said and I could see him maneuvering his cock to
Keith's tight hole.

"Push down and breathe like I taught you." I reminded Keith as I tugged
hard on his nipples, the pain of his tits covering the initial pain of
Jeff's entry.

"Oh, shit! Fuck!" Keith groaned, a sound of mixed pain and pleasure.

Jeff held still and let Keith's hole get used to his much larger
rammer. After a few minutes, Keith himself began pushing back against
Jeff's cock, trying to get more of it up his shit-chute. Jeff obliged him
by slowly sinking his cock all the way in the boy's hot, tight butt.

"Ahh, FUCK!" Jeff moaned at the feeling of Keith's hot, tight shithole
wrapped around his cock.

"Keith, lean over me. Just let Jeff fuck you. The motion of his cock will
make you fuck me." I said.

Keith did as I said, bending over me and Jeff began to slowly fuck in and
out of the boy's tight hole.

"Damn! He's even tighter than you were the first time I fucked you!" Jeff
groaned to me.

"And I've already fucked him once!" I said.

"Ohh! Fuck! That feels so GOOD!!!" Keith cried out.

I pulled his face down to mine, kissing him passionately as he returned the
kiss with equal passion.

"He's a great fuck, isn't he?" I smiled at Keith.

"Oh, God! Yeah!" Keith enthused.

"Yeah. That's why I keep him around!" I chuckled.

Keith looked at me and grinned.

"I love your cock, too." he said. "And I love fuckin' your hole."

"Good! Because I love your hole and I love havin' your cock up mine." I
said. "In fact, I love just about everything about you!"

Jeff leaned over and Keith turned his head so that they could kiss as well.

"You've got a great butt, kid!" he grinned at Keith.

"Thanks! I'm glad you like it 'cause you've got a great cock and I want you
to fuck me more!"  Keith answered.

"Don't worry about that! I think you'll get all the cock your hole could
want!" Jeff said.

He then started speeding up, slamming his cock harder and faster into the
boy's ass. This drove Keith's cock harder and harder into my own ass so
that we were all moaning. I started to feel that familiar tingle in my
balls and knew that I would very soon be blasting out another load of cum
and I could tell from how hard Keith's cock was that he wouldn't be far
behind. In fact, I felt it start to swell in my ass and then I heard him
screaming out.

"OHH!!! FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" as I felt tremors go through his cock and
knew he was blasting his boy-cum in my hungry ass.

That's all it took for me! I went over the edge screaming!

"FUCK ME!!! YEAH!!! BLOW YOUR LOAD IN MY BUTT!!!"

The clenching of Keith's shit-chute around Jeff's cock as Keith shot his
load in my butt was all it took to set off Jeff as well!

"YEAH!!! FUCKIN' YOUR ASS BOY!!! BLOWIN' IN YOUR BUTT!!!" And I could feel
Jeff slamming his cock hard and deep into Keith's ass as he blew his
spoonge in the boy's guts.

They both collapsed on top of me after that. I was okay with it for a short
while but finally they two of them became too heavy on me.

"Uhh...guys...you're kinda crushing me here." I said. "Keith, I want you to
pull outa my ass and squat over my face so I can suck Jeff's load out of
your butt. I know that Jeff wants to suck yours out of mine."

"You've got that right!" Jeff enthused.

Jeff slowly pulled out of Keith and Keith slowly pulled out of me. He moved
up to where he was sitting on my face and I got to lick and suck at his
red, swollen ass lips as he pushed down with his ass muscles and shot
Jeff's ass-flavored cum into my eager mouth. At the same time, Keith got to
see Jeff sucking and licking at my ass, sucking down all of his cum
flavored with my ass.

When Jeff and I had gotten all the cum out of the asses we were sucking,
Keith leaned down and began licking all my cum off my chest and abs, where
I'd shot it while he fucked me. He finished and then looked at Jeff and me
with a devilish look on his face.

"Uhh...guys...uhh...I gotta piss." he announced, a grin on his face.

"Oh really?!" Jeff laughed. "I guess we better take this boy to the tub."

And saying this, Jeff winked at me.

"The tub?" Keith asked.

"You'll see!" I said, getting off the bed and offering Keith my hand.

He got up and then Jeff got off the bed. We walked down the hall to the
large bathroom and there Keith got to see the huge claw-footed tub for the
first time.

"Now, we've got a 'play room' down in the basement where we also do this,
but we use this tub for pissing on each other all the time." I
explained. "Now you've got to piss, and so do I. How about you, Jeff?"

"You know it lover!" he grinned.

"So, Keith, it's up to you. You can piss on us and we'll drink you piss and
then you can decide if you want us to piss on you as well. What'll it be?"
I asked him.

"That sounds cool!" he grinned.

"Okay, get in the tub then." I said.

He got into the tub and Jeff and I got in on either side of him. We got
down on our knees and I looked up at Keith.

"Fire when ready! Piss on both of us and we'll take drinks of your piss as
you do!" I said.

As I figured, Keith had a little trouble getting his flow started, seeing
as it was his first time doing this and even guys who are not 'pee-shy'
have a little trouble the first time being watched so directly.

"It's okay, Keith. Everybody has a little trouble the first time." I said.

"Yeah, kid. Just relax. Close your eyes and think about water - rushing
water. Like Niagra Falls or somethin'!" Jeff said.

Keith did as Jeff suggested and suddenly his piss burst forth from his
cock. He opened his eyes and started pissing on us, playing his piss back
and forth between us, me first and then Jeff. As he swung his piss-stream
to me I leaned down and began taking drinks from his golden flow. He gasped
at this! It's one thing to talk about somebody drinking your piss - it's
something else to watch them do it! He swung the stream over to Jeff who
also eagerly drank from his pissing cock.

"Oh, fuck!" Keith moaned and his cock started to bone again.

I was afraid that this would end the fun but Keith turned out to be one of
the lucky guys who can piss through a hardon just like we could! As his
cock hardened, I covered it with my mouth and began drinking right from the
spout. This caused Keith to almost lose his footing, he became so
excited. Jeff grabbed his hips and held him so that he wouldn't fall.

"Take it easy, boy." Jeff said gently. "Really exciting, isn't it?"

"Oh, fuck yeah!" Keith managed to get out.

"Hey! Lemme have some of that!" Jeff said to me and I relinquished Keith's
still pissing cock to Jeff who took it in his mouth and began gulping down
all the tasty teen-boy piss! Keith's piss was salty but not strong. He
wasn't joking about needing to piss, either! His body held a lot of it!
But finally, Jeff drank the last of him and pulled off his cock. I leaned
down and pushed down the foreskin, licking up the last drops of Keith's
boy-juice.

"Oh, fuck! Guys! That was so HOT!!!" Keith said.

"Well, what you're about to get is even hotter!" I said, standing up and
pushing Keith down to his knees in the tub.

Jeff stood, too, so that we were on either side of him, our cock pointed
down at his sleek, muscular teenage body.

"You ready, boy?" Jeff asked.

"Oh fuck, yeah!" Keith moaned as he gently stroked his hard cock.

Jeff and I began blasting our piss all over the beautiful teen almost at
the same time. We soaked his chest and let our streams hit his cock and
balls making him moan in erotic bliss. It only took a little while and all
of a sudden, Keith leaned over and started drinking from my stream and then
he turned and drank from Jeff's. He kept going back and forth taking sips
from each of our piss streams while his hand became a blur on his
cock. Before our streams ended, Keith was blasting out another load of teen
cum all over himself as he sucked piss like a first class little piss-pig!
He was not thoroughly 'baptized' into our family!

The End of Chapter Twenty One of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Fri, 20 Feb 2004 21:09:46 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 20

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twenty - Keith Finds A Home

Keith's eyes were glowing, looking at me in wonder. I just smiled at him
and slid out of his arms, laying down on my stomach and spreading my
legs. I looked over at him, his face full of questions.

"Come on, guy! Eat my butt and then fuck the shit outa me!" I grinned.

His face lit up and he moved over until he was between my spread legs. For
the longest time, I didn't feel any movement and I finally looked back over
my shoulder. He sat there, on his heels, just staring at my ass, seemingly
mesmerized by my butt.

"You just gonna look at it or you gonna fuck it?" I grinned at him.

He looked up with a look on his face like he'd been caught doing something
wrong.

"Hey! It's okay, I'd love to stare at yours, too! You've got a really
pretty butt!" I smiled.

"Really?" he asked, and it was obvious he didn't realize this.

"Are you kidding me! You've got one of the most beautiful butts's I've ever
seen!" I swore.

"Do you...uhh...do you want to fuck me, too?" he asked, tentatively.

"I would give anything to fuck you, but I won't do that unless you really
want me to. Trust me, you don't ever have to do anything you don't want
to. I promise you that." I said.

He smiled.

"No. I want you to fuck me. I want more than anything for you to fuck me."
he said.

"Well, I'll bet that right now you're a lot more interested in fucking me
than me fucking you!" I grinned.

He laughed. Oh, fuck! His laugh! It was so beautiful, like the sound of
bells!

"You're right! I want to fuck you! You sure you don't mind?" he asked.

"Mind?! Boy if you don't get to eatin' my butt and fuckin' it, I'm gonna
throw you down on this bed and sit on that fuckin' cock of yours and fuck
myself!" I growled.

He laughed again! I prayed to God that I could always find a way to make
him laugh! I had the distinct feeling that Keith had very little laughter
in his life up until now.

"Okay! You asked for it!" he chuckled.

"Yepper! I sure did!" I said, and wiggled my butt at him.

He laughed again. Then he looked at me.

"I didn't expect this." he said.

"What? Fuckin' me?" I asked.

"Well, that but...well...havin' fun like this." he said.

I got to my knees, and then turned over, sitting cross legged in front of
him.

"Keith, sex is supposed to be fun. Too many guys take it WAY too seriously!
It's especially fun when it's more than sex. When you care about the guy
you're having sex with. Especially if you love him." I said as I reached
out and gently stroked his smooth cheek with my hand.

He reached up, grasping my hand, holding it against his cheek and then
moving so that he could kiss the palm of my hand.

"I love you! I love you so much! You don't know how much it hurt every day
sitting there in front of you - so close but I couldn't touch you!" I said,
his eyes closed and his cheek nuzzling my hand.

"Keith, it was the same for me. I knew that I wanted so much to put my arms
around you and hold you, but I never thought it would happen." I said.

"Really?" he looked at me, his eyes wide.

"Really. I promise you, Keith, I will NEVER lie to you." I said.

"And I'll never lie to you." he said, and then, as if out of nowhere, "Can
I sleep with you tonight?"

That brought me up short. Oh, fuck! I was hoping to discuss this later, but
I guess the time was now.

"Keith, I would love to have you sleep with me tonight, but I have to be
honest with you, we wouldn't be alone together in the bed." I said.

"Who else would be there?" he asked.

"My lover, Jeff." I said.

"He's one of the Marines?" he asked.

"No, he used to be but he left the Corps. We met when he was a Marine
though." I said.

"Oh." he said dejectedly.

"Keith...please listen to me." I said and, when he looked up, I could see
pain in his eyes. "Keith, I do love you. And I love Jeff and I love my Dad
and his lover Rusty who also live here. We're a family. But it's more than
that. You see we're all lovers as well."

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"We all are each other's lovers. We make love to each other." I said.

"You mean all four of you?!" his eyes got wide again.

"Sometimes. Sometimes just two or three of us." I said.

"But, didn't you say one of the Marines was your Dad?!" he asked.

"Yeah. He is." I said.

"You and your Dad...you..." he sputtered.

Oh, fuck! Maybe this was too much for him to handle!

"Yes, Keith. Me and my Dad make love to each other. I didn't even meet him
until I turned 18." I explained.

"Your Dad is gay?" he asked.

"Yes, Keith, he is." I said.

"Oh, fuck! You are so LUCKY!" he exclaimed.

Now it was my turn to be shocked!

"Fuck! I wanted to make love to my Dad so much, I used to dream about it
every night. But then he was killed." Keith said and I could see how the
pain of his Dad's death had affected him.

"I'm so sorry, Keith." I said, but it sounded so inadequate.

"I never got to make love to my Marine Dad." he said, sadly.

"Well, I'll bet if you play your cards right, you can make love to mine!" I
grinned at him.

He looked at me and suddenly his face brought out with the horniest grin I
think I'd ever seen on a guy's face!

"I sure the fuck would love to!" he grinned. "But, right now, I'd rather
fuck his son."

"And his son would love that!" I said, leaning forward and pulling his face
to mine, kissing him deeply. "Now, don't you have some butt to eat?"

"Fuck, yeah!" he grinned.

I got back down on my stomach, my legs spread, and looked back over my
shoulder at him.

"It's all yours!" I said and he grinned.

He got down on the bed and began licking the cheeks of my butt. I moaned at
the sensual feeling of his raspy tongue against my tender skin. The whole
area of my butt cheeks soon felt cool where they were wet with his
saliva. I felt his hands pull my cheeks apart and then heard him taking
deep breaths. I turned slightly to see him, his nose buried in my furrow,
taking his first whiff's of male ass scent. I could hear him groaning and
growling like a hungry fucking animal!  Well, that's about what he was at
that point!

"Ahh, fuck!" he groaned as he snorted my butt stink, more to himself than
me.

"Yeah! Smell my ass! Snort my butt-stink, boy! You like that? You like the
smell of a man's ass?" I growled.

"Ahh, Fuck! Yeah!" he groaned, burying his nose once again in my trench.

I pushed up my ass, spreading it more open for him. He kept smelling for a
while but then I felt his wet, rough tongue start moving through my crack
and it was my turn to groan and growl like an animal.

"Yeah! Fuck, yeah! That's it, boy! Eat my nasty butt! Lick my ass! Suck on
my hole! You want all that nasty butt taste, don'tcha?!"

"Mmm" was all I heard from him.

He wasn't about to give up tasting my tangy butt to answer and I didn't
expect him to. He was too busy, licking up and down my trench, sending
shivers up and down me as he ate male butt for the first time. He had
learned well from what I had done to his ass because he soon locked his
mouth around my hole, sucking on my ass-lips while his tongue started
pushing at the entrance to my guts. Of course, mine opened a lot easier for
him! I pushed down on my ass muscles and his young, inexperienced tongue
just slid right into my tangy ass! I could hear the grunt of surprise that
came out of him when this happened but he went with it! I could feel him
moving his tongue around inside of me, tasting the smooth walls of my ass,
licking in and out, like a small tongue fucking me.

While I didn't really need the preparation, I thought I would give him a
lesson in butt fucking and prepare him for what I was going to do to him. I
reached over to the night-stand, opening the drawer and getting out a
bottle of lube that was always stored there. I turned around and looked at
him. He was so beautiful with his face buried in my fucking butt!

"Hey! Keith! Time to get me ready. I need something bigger than your
tongue!" I told him.

His face popped out of my ass with a grin on it.

"I've got just what you want!" he said, cockily!

"Yeah? Well then grease us up and shove that fucker up my hole!" I said,
handing him the bottle of lube.

"How do I do this?" he asked, somewhat bewildered.

"You grease up my hole and three of your fingers. You start by working one
finger up my hole and then two and then three. When you can easily
finger-fuck me with three fingers, I'm ready for your fucking cock." I told
him.

He followed my directions to the letter, filling my hole with his fingers
and then greasing his own cock up before raising up over me, resting his
hands on the bed and his stiff arms holding is body at and angle to
mine. His hard cock was poised right at my hole, ready to plunge inside and
become a 'man'!

"Okay, take it slow at first. That fucker's thick! Let me get used to it,
okay?" I asked him.

"Yeah. Okay." he said, with typical 'teenage annoyance' as if this was
something he did every day and knew damned well how to do it!

He pushed slowly into my hole until the head popped through my ring. Then I
heard a deep, quick intake of breath and a small moan.

"Damn! That's hot!" he said, marveling at the heat in my hole.

"Come on. Push all the way in." I groaned.

I felt his thick, young teen cock slide into it's first asshole and heard
the loud groan that forced it's way from deep inside him.

"Ahh! FUCK!" he moaned.

I concentrated on keeping my ass as relaxed and open as possible. I knew
that he was in danger of losing his load right at the beginning. I could
feel his cock, hard and throbbing deep in my ass.  I reached behind me,
grabbed his butt cheeks and forcibly held him in my ass.

"Just relax. Don't lose it yet! There a lot more to come!" I said.

"Oh, fuck! How did you know?!" he asked.

I chuckled.

"I can feel that fuck-stick of yours throbbing in my ass. I know what it
was like the first time I shoved my cock up Jeff's butt!" I said.

"Oh." was all he was able to get out.

"Just let the need to cum pass and then slowly start fucking me." I told
him.

He waited for a short while and then began slowly moving his cock in and
out of my hole.

"Ahh! Fuck! Damn!" kept coming out of his mouth so I didn't need to guess
how my ass was feeling to him.

"Yeah! Fuck me! Come on! Fuck my ass! Fuck me HARD!" I groaned.

And he did! He started speeding up and slamming his young, hard cock in my
butt. I knew he couldn't last long - even having cum just a short time
before but that was okay. I was so horned from eating his butt and sucking
his cock that I was right on the edge myself. In fact, I blew first, all
over the bed below me!

"AHH!!! FUCK!!! YEAH!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" I screamed as his thick, young cock
slammed into my prostate and I let go of load after load of cum.

I figured that the contractions of my shit-chute around his cock triggered
him as well because I no more started to let go and I felt his cock slam
deep into my shithole and he started screaming as well.

"FUCK!!! FUCKIN' YOUR ASS!!! FUCKIN' CUMMIN' IN YOU ASS!!!" he screamed as
his whole body shook with his orgasm and he unloaded blast after blast of
teen-boy cum deep in my bowels!

If I hadn't already been lying down, I would have collapsed, the orgasm was
that intense! As it was, Keith collapsed on top of me, sweating and panting
as he lay dazed in orgasmic bliss! After a long while, I felt him licking
and sucking at the skin of my shoulders and neck. His cock was still hard
in my butt.

"So, how was your first fuck?" I murmured.

"Oh, God! That was the most incredible thing I've ever experienced! Is it
like that every time?"  he asked.

"Well...every time is wonderful. Some are better than others, I guess, but
there no such thing as a bad one!" I chuckled.

"Man, I thought that one of my nuts was gonna blow out the end of my cock,
I came so hard!" he enthused.

"It doesn't seemed to have dimmed your ardor any." I chuckled.

"Huh?" he asked.

"You're still hard. Does that thing ever go down?" I laughed.

"Not when I'm around you." he said softly, his mouth in my ear.

"So what now? Ready to get some sleep?" I asked.

"Uhh...no. I...uhh...well, I thought..." he stumbled.

"You thought what?" I asked.

"That you were gonna...you know." he said.

"Oh! That I was going to fuck you." I said.

"Yeah." he said.

"Well, I can't very well do that if you can't even ask me to." I said.

It was time for him to start getting over his hang-ups. This was a house
where sex was commonplace and you learned to ask for what you wanted. He
was quiet for a time and then finally he murmured in my ear.

"Will you fuck me? Please?" he begged.

"I would love nothing better than to fuck your beautiful ass!" I murmured
back.

I didn't need to look at him to know that he was probably blushing bright
red, both from asking me to fuck him and from me telling him what a
beautiful ass he had.

"But, I can't very well do that while your cock is still buried in my
butt." I said, smiling.

"Ohh! Oh, yeah!" he said, as if only just figuring out that he was, indeed,
still buried in my butt!

"Okay. Now before you pull out. How are you going to do it?" I asked.

He thought for a second.

"Slowly?" he asked.

"That's right. You can hurt somebody pulling out too fast - especially
after they've cum and their butt is sensitive from you pounding it." I
said.

I just can't stop being a teacher! But where else is he going to learn? And
learn, he did. He slowly and carefully pulled his cock from my butt and
once it was out, lay down beside me on his stomach.

"How was that?" he asked eagerly.

I leaned over and kissed his mouth gently.

"That was perfect!" I told him and he grinned at me in pride. "You, my
beautiful young lover, are going to be a very masterful fucker!"

"Really?!" he asked. "How do you know?"

"I can tell. You have the gentleness and sensitivity for it. Any guy can
power-fuck a butt, pounding away at it. But to learn how to slide in or
pull out gently so that it won't hurt - that takes a certain amount of
sensitivity which a lot of guys don't have. You caught on right away. If I
didn't know better, I'd say this was not your first fuck - that you'd done
this a few times before!" I said and watched his face glow with pride at
each successive word.

"Nope! Never have!" he said. "Thanks. I want to be good for you. I bet
you're really good at it!"

"Well, I've never had any complaints!" I laughed.

"So when are you going to fuck me?" he asked.

"Uhh...you're gonna have to give me a little time to recover here! I mean I
just got off and us 'older' guys need more recovery time!" I chuckled.

"Why don't you role over. I want to see the front of you." he said.

"Okay." I said, rolling over and slipping my hands behind my head.

He moved over and put his nose into my very ripe pit.

"Mmm! You smell so good!" he said, grinning at me.

"I'm glad you like it. It's all me." I smiled. "I don't ever wear cologne
or deodorant. That's another of the 'house rules'. None of us do. We're men
and we smell like men! We like the way men smell."

"Me, too! I like the way that men smell!" he grinned. "But there's
something special about the way you smell. I don't know what it is - it's
just special."

"That's because you're in love with me." I said gently.

"Really?!" he looked at me askance.

"Yep! Every man that I love has a scent that drives me fucking nuts! Jeff,
my Dad, Rusty ...and you." I said this last quietly.

His eyes opened in surprise!

"You really do?! You love me?" he asked, almost begged me.

"You wouldn't be here now and your cum would not be up my ass if I didn't!
You know I could not only be fired but put in jail for what we just
did. Jeff and my Dad are probably going to yell at me pretty bad about this
at first. They'll calm down but they're going to have a little trouble with
it at first." I said.

"Will they hate me?" I asked.

"Why would they hate you?" I asked.

"Well...for you having sex with me and for being in love with me." he said.

"Keith, we need to talk about this. What you're talking about is
jealousy. There is no jealousy in this house. Ever. Nobody 'belongs' to
anybody else. We all belong to each other. If you want to be a part of this
family it will be only because you love me and you learn to love Jeff,
Rusty and my Dad as well. That's the way things work. They would never be
angry with me for loving someone - and they certainly would never be angry
with someone for loving me!" I said. "Do you think you can handle that?"

"I don't know. I mean, I don't even know those other guys yet." he said.

"That's fair. But what about the part about nobody 'belonging' to anyone
else? Most guys want to find just one person to love and be loved by. I
thought that's all I wanted when I met Jeff. It was later that I learned
that I could love more men than just Jeff. I love each one of them in a
different way but I love all of them." I said.

"I did kind of picture it being just you and me. But, the more you talk
about it, the more I think that maybe I would really love to be loved by
all of you. It would be like having four Dads and four lovers all at the
same time!" he said.

"Let me tell you something about guys and sex. We're not really built to be
sexually faithful to just one person. Most guys like to have sex with
different people. In this house, there's always somebody different to have
sex with. Under normal circumstances, we never go outside of the
family. You are the first person that I've had sex with other than Jeff,
Dad and Rusty since I was 18." I told him.

"Really! I'm the first!" he exclaimed.

"Yes, the very first. That's why I know that I'm in love with you." I
said. "Otherwise, this would have never happened between us. Trust me,
there have been other guys that I've looked at. I just never, ever did
anything about it."

"Why me?" he asked quietly.

"Other than the fact that I fell in love with you - I don't really
know. Part of it was a feeling that I had that you needed me." I said.

"That's true." he said.

"But that's only half of it. I evidently needed you, too." I said.

"I can't believe that. You have the others!" he said, looking down and
refusing to look at me again.

I reached over and lifted his face until he was.

"I would never have done this just because you needed me. I would only make
love to you and allow you to make love to me because I need you. And don't
you ever forget that! This isn't a one-way street. It has to be both ways
or it doesn't work." I said firmly.

"Okay...I believe you." he said smiling. "Now, are you gonna fuck me?"

"Well, I'm not exactly hard yet." I said, grinning.

"I can fix that!" he said and quickly moved down the bed and took my cock
in his mouth.

"Oh, fuck!" I groaned. "Just watch your teeth if you've never done this
before!"

"I haven't and I will!" he said quickly taking my cock out of his mouth and
putting it back in.

"Just go slow. Don't try to take too much the first time and choke yourself
like I did the first time." I said.

He must have heard me because he slowed down and after a few minutes, he
had me as hard as a rock! Oh, my God! This kid is a natural born cocksucker
as well! He almost had me cumming when I finally had to literally almost
pull him off my cock!

"Hey! I thought you wanted to get fucked?" I asked.

"I do!" he insisted.

"Well, you keep that up and I'm gonna cum and then I won't be able to fuck
you!" I told him.

"Okay." he said, his eyes shining with eagerness.

"All right, get on your back." I said and he hurried to comply.

I got between his legs and he immediately pulled them back and held them,
offering me his entire groin and ass-crack. I almost cracked up laughing at
his eagerness but I didn't. I remembered what it was like when Jeff and I
first got together. That though brought a warmth to my heart. I was going
to be as gentle with Keith as Jeff had been with me.

I got down and again went to work licking and sucking his asshole. I worked
my tongue back up in it, noting that he helped by pushing down with his
muscles. I was glad to see that he remembered that part. Next I took the
lube and very carefully greased up his hole and then slowly began inserting
my index finger.

"How's that feel?" I asked when I had it about half way in.

"Weird. But good!" he said.

"Okay. Just hang on." I said and slowly shoved the finger the rest of the
way inside him. "How's that?"

"Mmm! It hurt a little at first but now it feels really good!" he said.

I worked my index finger around in him for a while, loosening him up and
then added my second finger, running two of them in and out of his ass,
stroking his prostate.

"Fuck! What was that!" he cried out.

"That's your prostate or 'joy button'. Every guy's got one. It's what makes
you cum while you're getting fucked and makes getting fucked worth it!" I
told him.

"Fuck! I felt like I was gonna cum!" he moaned.

I added more lube and played with his hole with my two fingers for a while,
spreading them and stretching him open. When he was nice and loose, I again
added more lube and slowly introduced three fingers. He grunted in pain at
first.

"Push down with your muscles and take deep breaths, the pain will pass
quickly that way." I said.

He did as I told him and his hole blossomed open and allowed my three
fingers to slide all the way inside him. I let him get used to the fullness
for a minute or so and then began sliding the three fingers in and out of
him. I watched his cock begin to leak cock-honey again and knew it was
feeling good to him. Well...that and his moans of satisfaction which were
almost constant now.

When his ass was a loose as I could get it, I pulled the fingers out
completely and moved up the bed and lay down on my back next to him. He
looked over at me in confusion.

"Aren't you gonna fuck me?" he asked.

"Well...actually, no." I said.

His face fell.

"You're going to fuck yourself." I said, smiling.

"What?" he asked.

"You're going to fuck yourself - at least to start. It's the easiest way
for you to take my cock. I want you to get up and squat over me with your
ass above my cock - facing me." I said.

He got up and got into the position I told him.

"Now, I'm going to hold my cock upright and I want you to squat down on
it. That way you can take it at your own pace. You have complete control
over how much and how fast. Okay?" I asked.

"Okay." he smiled.

I moved my cock to where it was just touching is wet hole. I lubed my cock
well and then told him he could take it any time he was ready.

"Just remember to push down with your muscles and continue to breathe. That
will open your hole." I told him.

He began to push down against my cock and I could feel his hole begin to
open. Then the head of my cock popped into his butt and his eyes widened
and he let out a short gasp.

"Oh!"

"Just take your time. There's no rush. I don't want you to hurt yourself."
I said calmly.

It was a real effort for me to remain calm because the heat inside his
young ass was driving me crazy! He slowly began sliding down my cock,
stopping about every inch to let his butt get used to the invasion. Finally
he sat right down on my groin, my cock fully buried in his sixteen year old
ass. I quickly put my hands on his thighs, holding him there.

"Don't move. Let your ass get used to me being up it. I'll feel when you've
relaxed enough to begin fucking." I said.

He sat there, and I watched the feelings cross his face. At first there was
some pain but that apparently quickly passed and by the time I could feel
his ass had relaxed as much as it was going to, his face showed incredible
pleasure. I was now starting to worry about cumming too fast! His hole was
incredibly tight and hot! I'd never fucked a virgin before and had no idea
how hot and tight an ass could be! Now I knew what Jeff felt that first
time with me!

I let go of his thighs and he began to raise and lower himself on my cock,
moaning and groaning as he did so. Within a couple of minutes, his cock -
which had gone soft as he took my cock into his butt for the first time -
was roaring hard again and leaking cock-snot all over me. As Keith began to
raise and lower himself faster and harder, I figured the time had come for
me to take over. I grabbed his thighs again and stopped him.

"Time for me to fuck you." I said.

He just grinned at me.

"Get off slowly and lay down on your back." I said.

He did as I told him and I got between his legs with them resting on my
shoulders. I re-lubed my cock and his butt and then slowly sank my hardon
all the way up his shit-chute.

"Oh, fuck!" he groaned.

"You like that, huh?" I smiled down at him.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" he groaned.

"Well, that's just the beginning, lover. The main event is about to begin!
Hang onto your hat!" I laughed.

I began to slowly pump in and out of him, slowly building my speed and
power until I was pounding his young butt. I took my cue from his mindless
babbling.

"Oh, fuck! Yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck me harder! HARDER!
YEAH! FUCK ME!!!" he cried out over and over.

He was certainly a noisy fuck! Thank God the neighbors couldn't hear! We'd
checked that when we first moved in!

I pounded his butt and reached down and began tweaking his
nipples. Obviously no one had ever done that to him - or even told him that
his tits were sensitive - because he almost came vertically off the bed
when I did it! I held his arms at his sides. I didn't want him jacking
off. I was going to give him the experience of cumming just from being
fucked! That alone should guarantee that, even when his ass was sore the
next day - he was going to beg to be fucked again!

I was pounding away, watching his cock getting harder and harder and
leaking more cock-snot onto his abs. Then I felt it! His prostate swelled
up and then his butt clenched down on my fucking cock and he began shooting
cum. Now, he'd already cum twice but he still blasted cum all over his
face, chest and abs!

"AHH FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!! FUCK MEEEEE!!!!" he screamed.

I barely heard him because his shithole clutching at my cock was all it
took and I was dumping my load of cum as far up his guts as it could reach!

"YEAH!!! FUCK!!!! FUCKIN' YOUR ASS!!!" I screamed.

I don't know how many times I shot. It felt like I'd never stop cumming!
Finally I did and ended up collapsed on top of him, his arms around me,
holding me and trying to kiss every inch of my face.

"Oh, fuck! Thank you! Thank you! That was so wonderful!" he cried out.

"No, babe! Thank you! That was one of the best fucks I've ever had!" I said
honestly.

"Can we do it again?" he asked.

"Oh! Fuck! I've created a monster!" I groaned and we both cracked up
laughing.

I slowly pulled my cock out of his ass but instead of laying down, I kept
his legs up and went down and began sucking and licking my cum from his
ravaged, puffy ass hole. He groaned as I did so, loving the feeling of
being felched for the first time. I'd tell him later what it was called.

After drawing out all the ass-flavored cum I could find, I moved up the bed
and shared the load with him. His eyes opened wide when he found my mouth
full of the cum from his ass but he eagerly began licking at my mouth and
sucking it down!

Finally, while holding him, he fell deeply asleep and I got up from the bed
and padded downstairs to start dinner. Jeff would be home any time now and
followed soon after by Rusty and Dad. In fact, I had just gotten dinner
started when I heard Jeff coming in.

He came into the kitchen, grabbed me and kissed me. Then he pulled his head
back and moved down to my neck.

"Mmm! You smell good! In fact, you smell like sex!" Jeff said.

"Yeah, and I've got a butt load of sixteen year old cum, if you want a
taste!" I grinned at him.

"You WHAT?!!!" he all but screamed.

"Shh! Keep your voice down. He's asleep upstairs in the guest room!" I
said.

"Who the fuck is he?" Jeff asked.

"One of my students." I said.

"Have you completely lost your mind?!" he exclaimed.

"No. And you won't think so when I tell you what happened." I said.

"I think I better sit down for this one - and you better get me a beer!" he
said, plopping into one of the kitchen chairs.

The End of Chapter Twenty of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Fri, 20 Feb 2004 21:09:08 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 19

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Nineteen - Change of Life

The next few years flew by, filled with love, raunchy sex and a lot of work
turning the house into the kind of home that we wanted. I flew through
school, getting my bachelor's degree in a little over three years and then
my master's in just over a year. It was a lot of work but it did what I
wanted, it got me a job in the San Diego Unified School District, teaching
in the oldest high school - San Diego High. SDH is an inner-city school,
right on the edge of downtown San Diego, with a diverse population of about
2,700 students. It is a 'Magnet School' with three 'magnet' programs - the
Writing Academy, the International Baccalaureate and Language Immersion.

My bachelor degree is in English and my Masters is in Creative Writing so
this school was a natural choice for where I wanted to teach. Besides the
fact that I wanted to teach in an inner-city school working with kids who
truly needed the attention and efforts of a teacher. Not to mention that
the fact that I was no longer a financial drain on my rather unconventional
family and would now be making a rather decent salary because of my
advanced degree.

There had been other major changes. While I was in the midst of getting my
masters, Jeff decided that he'd had enough of the Marine Corps. Part of the
reason for this was the fact that there was a strong possibility that he
was going to be transferred to somewhere overseas - with the strongest
possibility being Saudi Arabia! The last thing any gay boy wants is to live
in an Islamic country!  Under Islamic law, what they define as homosexual
activity is punishable by death! However, it should be noted that fucking a
5 - 12 year old or having one suck your cock, if you're an adult male, is
NOT considered homosexual activity! Talk about hypocrisy! Not to mention
sexual child abuse! Jeff was now running his own computer repair business
and making ten times the money that he made while in the Marine Corps.

Dad, on the other hand, was getting ready for retirement from the
Corps. He'd reach that in about 5 years. Thirty years of service to the
country! He'd only be 48 when he retired and he still hasn't decided what
he's going to do with himself once he does retire but, knowing Dad,
whatever it is, he'll be good and probably make a mint at it! Rusty is
going to retire the same time Dad does because they don't want to have the
possibility of them being separated.

All of my worries and fears about our 'family' had long ago been put to
rest. We built the play area down in the basement and we used it
frequently. Sometimes all four of us, sometimes three, sometimes two. It
didn't really matter. The only thing we ended not doing was creating one
large bedroom. Somehow we all decided - without ever discussing it - that
we liked the idea of sleeping separately. Well...sort of. On any given
night, our bedroom might be me and Jeff, or it could be with Jeff with
Rusty or Dad, or me with Rusty or Dad. The pairing shifted for no
particular reason. Some nights I just wanted my 'Daddy's' arms around
me. Jeff understood and so did Rusty - not to mention the fact that they
really loved sleeping together! Turns out that Jeff really got into fisting
Rusty, which made Rusty very happy and took some of the pressure off Dad to
supply that little 'service'. And some night, we all ended up in one room,
in one king- sized bed!

I have a hard time explaining this. Ask me and I will tell you that my
'lover' is Jeff. Just as Dad would say that his lover is Rusty. But, at the
same time, the truth would probably be closer to the fact that Jeff is my
'primary' lover but Dad and Rusty are equally my lovers. The fact of the
matter is, I love each of them totally, completely but in slightly
different ways. But, of course, that only makes sense. They are each
different men. The beauty of the arrangement is that not only are we
lovers, not only are we all 'fuck-buddies' for each other, but we are all
each other's best friend. In some ways, it is like we are all brothers who
have a fraternal, incestuous, committed love relationship. Now, how the
hell do you explain THAT one to somebody?!

Luckily, I didn't have to. At least not for a while. But something happened
when I'd been teaching at San Diego High for about two and a half years. A
whirlwind hit my life and, by extension, the lives of the three men that I
loved. The whirlwind's name was Keith.

Keith was, without mincing words, a beautiful boy. Long blond hair and
piercing blue eyes with a lean, muscular body who at sixteen stood almost
six feet tall. But the what was really stunning was his face. I know that
the cliche is that a boy 'looked like an angel' but in Keith's case it was
literally true! A face that was almost heartbreakingly beautiful! He was
chased by a lot of girls - and even some boys. But Keith never paid any
attention to any of them. Keith was a loner, with a sadness deep in his
eyes that I could see and wondered why nobody else could?

On top of all this, Keith was brilliant. I don't know if he'd ever had any
IQ testing but it wouldn't have surprised me in the least to find out he
was at a genius or above level. But he never tried.  Never put forth any
more effort than to just pass. That is until he got into one of my classes
in Creative Writing.

>From the day that he walked into my writing class there just seemed to be
a connection between us. Unspoken but there. From what I discovered from
his other teachers, Keith always sat in the back of the room and, while he
wasn't at all disruptive, he never paid any attention in class, never
contributed. I had to shake my head upon hearing this because it was like
we were talking about two different boys! That very first day, he walked
into my classroom and looked at me. I looked back and smiled at him. He
hesitantly smiled back - like he'd never done that before. But when he did,
it was like the sun burst forth out of the clouds and my entire classroom
was lit with it!  He moved to the front of the room and took a seat in the
front row, center , right in front of my desk where I had to look at him
and he constantly looked at me.

In my class, he paid attention and contributed. I could see from the
reaction of the other students that first day, this was something they were
not used to from Keith at all! When it came time for the first writing
assignment, Keith's contribution was so good, I could think of several
literary magazines which might well have published it were it not such a
'dark' story. A story full of pain, anguish and abuse. At first, I thought
this might be typical 'teenage angst'. But as time went on, I began to
suspect that Keith had experienced some type of abuse first-hand. I had no
proof, however. No bruise or marks that showed on his body but, then again,
you never saw much of Keith's skin. He always wore the same thing - tight,
long-sleeved T-shirts and old, worn, tight jeans with old, beaten-up
trainers. He was definitely not a 'fashion plate'.

But it didn't matter. His body contours showed through the tight clothing
and his sexual aura was strong! However, it didn't seem to matter. He
didn't date. Didn't 'hang' with anybody. He was always alone. I watched him
and noticed that people did try to approach him but he made himself as
unapproachable as possible. I could tell it was deliberate and I kept
wondering why but even I didn't dare approach him.

It seems that the only place he seemed to come alive was in my class,
however. More than that, I felt his eyes on me all the time. Eyes hot with
such desire it was unmistakable. He seemed to love lounging down in his
desk, right in front of me, shoving his crotch forward and obviously hard -
every class. I have to admit, it gave me some problems myself! Oftentimes,
I had to fight getting an answering hardon! When this would happen, he
seemed to sense it and gave me a smile that was as much smirk as smile. He
seemed to find great delight in making me uncomfortable.

One afternoon right before mid-winter break, he came to see me after school
in my classroom.  He ostensibly wanted to talk about a story he was writing
but I got the feeling he had other motives - especially since he was
obviously hard. But the moment he got close to me, I noticed something
else. His smell!

Now, I love the ripe smell of a male who hasn't showered for a day and has
done hard work or sports so that he is sweaty and musky but this wasn't
that kind of scent. This was the rank, sour odor of someone who hadn't
showered in days - maybe as much as a week. I noticed that his hair was
greasy and stingy and he generally looked as though he not only hadn't
showered, but hadn't slept either. This was more than I was going to ignore
without comment or question.

"Keith, I don't want to get personal, but when did you shower last?" I
asked.

He looked at me with eyes wide - like the proverbial deer caught in
headlights - and I could see real fear in them.

"I...uhh...well..." he sputtered.

"It's been a while, hasn't it?" I asked as gently as I could.

He hung his head and finally nodded his assent.

"Why not?" I asked.

"I've got no place to shower." he mumbled so low I could barely hear him.

"What do you mean?" I asked, completely confused by this.

"I'm livin' on the streets." he said, and then looked up at me, almost a
air of defiance in his eyes, daring me to say or do something.

"Why? Did your parents throw you out?" I asked.

"I don't have parents. Just my fucking step-father. My mom died a couple of
years ago and I ended up having to live with him." he said.

"Why did he throw you out?" I asked again.

He looked at me and again, I could see fear in his eyes.

"Was it drugs?" I asked him.

That seemed to anger him.

"No! It wasn't fuckin' drugs! I don't do fuckin' drugs! I've never done
fuckin' drugs! Drugs are stupid!" he said, and I could hear the anger in
his voice.

"Okay. I agree. But why did he throw you out then?" I asked.

"Because...because I'm..." he faltered again.

"Because you're what?" I asked gently.

Instead of answering, I watched as his eyes filled up with tears and began
to run down his cheeks.  Without even thinking of the ramifications of what
I was doing, my natural reaction kicked in and I reached out and pulled him
to me, wrapping my arms around him. He not only let me, he wrapped his arms
around me tightly and began sobbing on my shoulder. I stood there, holding
him, feeling his tears wetting my shirt, his heavy sobs ringing in my ears
and his hardon pressed against me. I hadn't gone down at all. That's when I
figured it out. It was like a fucking cartoon lightbulb going on over my
head!

"Keith, did your step-father throw you out because you're gay?" I asked
quietly.

I felt him stiffen in my arms but I also felt him nod his head against
me. I guess he was waiting for me to push him away from me
physically. Instead, I held him tighter.

"Oh, God! Keith! I'm so sorry. Really! He's got no right to do that to
you!" I murmured as Keith's body began to relax against mine and his sobs
continued.

I just stood there, holding the sobbing boy until he finally got himself
under control. Then he pulled back and looked into my face. He seemed to be
looking for something. Acceptance?  Rejection? I wasn't sure but I gave him
a gentle smile and suddenly, without warning, his lips came close to mine
and he gave me a gentle kiss on the mouth, pulling back quickly to judge my
reaction.

I was shocked to say the least! After all, there were laws protecting
students from teachers.  Unfortunately, I'd never heard of any protecting
teachers from students!

"I'm sorry. I've wanted to do that all year." he said softly.

"Keith, please! I'm your teacher. I can't let you do that! I could be fired
and put in jail for that!" I said.

"I know. I'm sorry. I just had to do it once before..." and his voice
trailed off.

"Before what?" I asked.

He wouldn't answer and again dropped his head so that I couldn't see his
eyes.

One thing that I knew from my studies were that teenage males attempted
and/or succeeded at suicide at an alarming rate. Many researchers believed
that a great number of these attempts or completions were by adolescent
males who could not cope with finding out that they were attracted to
members of their same sex. I suddenly realized why Keith had come to see me
and why he wanted to kiss me. Keith was somehow turned on to me - whether
it was just sexual attraction or it was full-blown love, I couldn't tell
but I was afraid that he was planning on killing himself over it!

"Keith, are you thinking of doing something to harm yourself?" I asked as
gently as I could.

He wouldn't look at me and he wouldn't answer.

"Keith, please, talk to me! You can't kill yourself over this! That means
that the bastard would win!" I said.

I don't think he expected that. He looked up, his eyes questioning. The I
saw the dawn of understanding. He nodded his head and I knew that he had
not looked at it that way and he wasn't about to let his asshole of a
step-father 'win'!

"Keith, I shouldn't do this. I really shouldn't but...well...would you like
to come home with me and take a shower and get some sleep. We've got a
guest room where you could sleep for a while." I asked.

"We?" he asked.

"Yeah, 'we'. I live with three other guys." I said. "It's a really big
house, however."

"Oh." he said and he looked crestfallen.

"Keith, all three of them are gay. Two of them are Marines. One of the
Marine's is my Dad" I said.

He looked at me askance at that remark!

"Marines? Are you serious?!" he asked.

"As a heart attack!" I smiled.

"My real Dad was a Marine, too. He was killed in Bosnia." he said.

"Oh, God! I'm so sorry. Don't you have any family at all?" I asked.

"Dad had a sister somewhere but I never knew how to find her. My mom had
not brothers or sisters and her parents are dead. My Dad's parents are
dead, too." he said.

"Do you want to come home with me?" I asked.

"Are you sure your roommates won't mind?" he asked.

Roommates? Well, I guessed that was the safest thing to let him believe for
the time being.

"No, they won't mind. I'll explain everything to them." I said.

"Can I spend the night? It's hard finding someplace safe to sleep on the
streets." he said, almost piteously.

"Yes, of course you can spend the night. I don't want you out on those
streets either." I said.

"Okay then." he said and for the first time in a long time, I saw the smile
that I had seen that first day.

I drove him home and put him in the 'guest room' as it had it's own small
bathroom. I took all his clothes including the ones that he had on as well
as the ones which he was carrying in his backpack and put them in the
washer. There was a pitifully small amount of them and they were all old
and well worn. It was obvious that his step-father did not provide much in
the way of care for him. I came back upstairs and pulled a pair of sweat
pants and a t-shirt out of my drawer for him to wear and went back to the
guest room to give them to him. He had just come out of the shower with
nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. That when I saw the bruises
for the first time!

Keith had bruises all over his torso - chest, stomach, arms - some recent
and some now fading. I stared in shock and Keith tried to hide them by
bending over slightly and moving his hands to try and cover them. When he
bent over, however, I could see that they continued on his back as well.  I
walked over and he looked up at me, fear and shame written all over his
face. I looked at his back. Along with the bruises, there were red, angry
welts as if he'd been beaten with some kind of whip or cord!

"Fuck!" I breathed softly. "Did he do this to you?"

Keith only nodded.

"Keith we need to report this - that bastard needs to be in jail!" I said.

"NO! PLEASE DON'T!" Keith almost screamed at me.

"But Keith... he can' t be allowed to get away with this!" I tried to argue
with him.

"NO!" he screamed again. "If you call the cops, they'll bring in social
services and they'll send me to a group home! I don't want that!"

His voice was almost begging me.

"Okay. I understand. I won't call, but we need to get something on those
welts before they get infected." I said.

I went into the bathroom. I opened the medicine chest and found some triple
antibiotic cream to spread on the welts. I came back into the bedroom where
he was still standing, naked and waiting for me. I began spreading the
cream gently on the angry welts. Because the cream also had Benzocaine in
it, it immediately took all the pain from the injuries and deadened the
nerves.  When I finished, he looked at me with such longing and love in his
eyes that I knew it wasn't just sex that he wanted from me!

"There." I said. "Does that feel better?"

"Yeah." he said quietly.

"Okay. I've brought you some clothes to change into while I wash the ones
you had with you.  You can put them on after you get some rest. Climb into
bed. You look like you could drop at any moment." I said.

"Thank you." he said, a small smile on his lips. "Will you come and tuck me
in?"

I couldn't believe that this request was serious so I answered him
jokingly.

"Sure! And I'll read you a bedtime story as well." I smiled.

"No. I'm serious. Will you? Nobody's done that for me since I was a real
little boy. My Dad used to all the time but my mom never did." he said
quietly, shame at his own request showing.

"I'm sorry, Keith! Of course I will. You get into bed and I'll tuck you
in." I said.

And saying so, I started to leave. Keith, however stopped me by pulling his
towel from around his waist and I got an eyeful of him. His penis was now
soft but it was long and thick. There was a small puff of blond pubic hair
above it and massive, man-sized balls below it. I openly stared at him. I
couldn't help myself! But for the bruises, he was the most beautiful boy
I'd ever seen! He pulled down the covers and climbed into the double bed,
pulling them back up over his body once he was laying down. I leaned over
the bed and went to kiss him on the forehead but, instead, his arms slipped
around my neck, pulling my face down and kissed me on the mouth.

At first, the kiss was soft and gentle but, as it went on, he pulled harder
on my neck, forcing out lips harder against each other. Then his lips
parted and his tongue came out and began licking against my lips. Without
even thinking, because from the moment the kiss began to deepen my brain
just lost the ability to think, I opened to him and soon our tongues were
sliding against each other and we were tasting each other.

His hands left my neck and began sliding down my body, feeling my chest and
abs and finally reaching my crotch. My cock was rock hard and his hand
firmly gripped it. I moaned into his mouth. My own hands then began sliding
down his body and found that he was as hard as I was.  As I gripped his
young cock, his hips surged up, pushing it against my clutching hand. I
finally pulled back from his mouth and looked down into his face. It was
flushed with desire and his eyes glittered.

"Please! Make love to me! I need you! Please!" he begged, his voice rough
with desire and need.

I knew that others might consider it wrong, but I knew the hunger that he
was feeling. Knew it so well! It wasn't until I met Jeff that I was able to
find someone willing to give me not only the sex I was horny for but the
love that I so desperately needed! I couldn't refuse him! Because the fact
of the matter was, something was stirring inside me. I did love him. Loved
him as a boy, loved him as an almost-man, loved him as one of the most
beautiful boys I had ever seen. But not just what he looked like! I was in
love with the incredible beauty inside of him. The tender, gentle,
sensitive boy who cried out to me as a man to love him.

"You don't ever have to beg me to make love to you. You deserve my love and
I am so grateful that you want me." I said softly.

He looked somewhat shocked at first and then smiled sweetly.

"I've been in love with you since the first day I saw you!" he swore to
me. "Please, let me see you."

I pulled away from him and stood up. I pulled my polo shirt off over my
head and went to take off my jeans but he moved over to the edge of the
bed, grabbing my hands as I reached for my belt, stopping me.

"Please, let me? I've dreamed of this every night!" he said, his eyes
shining up into mine, an embarrassed smile parting his soft, red lips, his
face blushing at his own forwardness.

I smiled at him and silently moved my hands to my sides allowing him full
access to me. He unbuckled my belt, and then began popping the buttons on
my 501's. As the flaps of cloth parted, my yearning cock surged up and out
of my jeans, the head dripping pre-cum. He moved his face forward, pressing
his nose to my hardon and crotch. I could hear him taking deep breaths of
my crotch scent.

"Ohh! Fuck! You smell so good!" he said, his voice rough with horniness as
his eyes gleamed into mine.

"I'm glad you like it." I grinned. "I love the scent of you."

"You do?!" he exclaimed, seemingly shocked at this.

"Yes, I do! I love the scent of a man." I said and could see the surge of
pride in his face as I called him 'a man'.

"But I'm not a man...yet." he said, smiling.

I reached down and squeezed his hardon.

"Oh, yes you are!" I grinned.

He blushed at my words but grinned at me, nonetheless. I pushed down my
jeans and kicked them off along with my loafers. His eyes widened as he
took in all of me standing before him gloriously naked. I reached down and
grabbed the covers, pulling them back. He slid over, allowing me room to
slip under them with him. As soon as I had, he moved back and into my
arms. I held him to me, our two cocks surging against each other and my
hands now sliding down his back to cup his beautiful butt. I felt him
shiver in my arms as I grabbed his soft, smooth butt- cheeks.

"Cold?" I asked.

"Oh, no! It feels so good! Nobody's ever touched me like that before!" he
said softly.

"Never?" I asked.

"No...never." he said softly, dropping his eyes in embarrassment.

"You've never had sex before?" I asked, astonished that someone so
beautiful and loving would not have experienced sex at all.

"Well...yeah...when...well - when my step-father found out I was gay,
he...well...he made me do stuff to him." Keith said quietly.

"How did your step-father find out you were gay?" I asked.

"He found my stash of porn pictures that I...well...I...uhh..." he
faltered.

"That you jacked off to?" I smiled, finishing the sentence for him.

"Yeah." he said, embarrassed but also sounding relieved.

"It's okay, Keith. All guys jack off and we all look at porn sometimes." I
said. "So he found the pictures and that's when he made you do thing to
him?"

"Yeah. He beat me and...and then he made me suck him.  It wasn't the first
time he'd beaten me..  He'd beat me for anything. Sometimes for no reason
at all, but...the sex stuff...that happened mostly when he was drunk."
Keith said.

I pulled him closer, kissing him gently.

"I promise you, nobody is ever going to hurt you again like that!" I swore
and I meant it.

The time for talking was over, though. My mouth recaptured his and we were
soon locked in a passionate kiss, moaning into each other's mouths. This
went on for quite a while, our hands busy exploring each other's bodies as
our mouths continued to kiss deeply. Finally, I pulled away and began
licking down his neck. He cried out in small gasps at the sensations I was
causing in his body. I raised one of his arms, shoving my nose into his
almost hairless pit. I could smell soap but also there were hints of his
young hormones and sweat. I could see his eyes growing big as he watched me
inhaling his scent. Now he knew for sure that I wasn't kidding when I told
him that I loved it! For further proof, my tongue began licking out his
underarm. At that he cried out in what sounded almost like anguish but was
only the surprise, shock and sensory overload of such intimate touch when
experienced for the first time!

"Oh, GOD! Oh! Fuck!" he moaned.

I left his pit and let my tongue trail down to his chest, licking his pecs
and finally ending up sucking and nibbling on one of his nipples. Again,
there were cries of surprise and ecstasy as I slowly showed him the sensual
delights of his own body. Leaving his chest, my tongue laved across his
whole abdomen and below. I moved over so that I was between his spread
legs, his groin and throbbing hardon just below my face. Rather than go
directly to his cock, I wanted him to experience other erogenous zones of
his body before the 'main attraction'! I pressed my nose into his almost
hairless balls and smelled once more, though stronger than in his pits, his
sweaty musk and the ripeness of adolescent rut. I moaned this time at the
scent! When I began licking his precious orbs, I thought I was going to
have to tie him down to hold him on the bed! His hips were thrusting up
that at one point he almost smashed my nose into his nut-sack! I pulled
away from his balls and looked up at him.

"I take it you like that?" I grinned at him.

"Oh, fuck yeah! That was AWESOME!" he swore.

"You ain't seen nothin' yet!" I laughed.

I went back to his balls which were now drawn up tight under his cock. I
licked below them and kept moving down, heading for my favorite part of a
man's body. I pushed his spread legs up and back until his knees were
almost resting on his chest.

"Hold them back for me, please?" I asked him.

He looked at me quizzically, unsure of why I wanted his legs held back
exposing his butt to my view but, he did as I asked. I bent down again,
taking in the scent of his butt. It was faint but definitely the scent of
musk and rut along with that special scent of the male ass that I love so
much. I knew the next step could easily send Keith over the edge, but I had
to eat his butt! I began licking up and down his hairless trench and he
started moaning and crying out - loudly!

"OH FUCK!!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING??? OH, GOD!!! DON'T STOP!!! PLEASE!!!  DON'T
STOP!!!" he screamed as my tongue continued to taste the tangy goodness of
his young ass - as if I had any intention of stopping!

I continued lapping up and down his butt-cleft a few more times and then
moved in to begin licking his small rosebud of a hole. The tangy butt-taste
was somewhat stronger here and it thrilled my tongue. I lapped and pushed
at the wrinkly opening with my tongue while my mouth locked around it and
sucked gently. Gradually it began to loosen and open to me. I pulled out
for a moment and looked up at him from between his legs.

"Push down on your muscles. Like you're taking a shit. It will open you
up." I said.

He looked at me, his eyes full of shock and fear. I knew what he was
thinking.

"Don't worry. Nothing will come out." I smiled.

That seemed to reassure him and he nodded. I went back to sucking and
licking at his hole and could feel the muscles moving as he pressed down
and his hole gradually began to open to me. I pressed my tongue hard
against his hole and then withdrew, then pressed again. I kept this up
until gradually my tongue was sliding into his hot depths. The smooth walls
of his asshole spasmed around my tongue and I could taste the dark, tangy
musk of him while I listened to the frantic moans that he was making. I
licked in and out of his ass, fucking him with my tongue, getting him used
to the idea of something going 'in' him through that hole because I fully
intended, before this was over, to have my cock buried where my tongue was
now.

After I had him as loose as he was going to get, at that point, to move on
to his cock. He was 16 and I knew that 16 year olds didn't have much in the
way of 'restraint'. They did have, however, amazing recuperative powers so
I fully expected to get him off and have him ready to go again in a matter
of minutes. I pulled my face out of his ass and licked up his balls and up
the shaft of his cock.

For 16, he had a substantial weapon! I judged it to be about eight inches
and very thick. He was uncut and I figured since he'd just showered, that
there would be no smegma for me to snack on.  I figured I was going to have
to have a talk with him about that, too. His hood, however, which covered
the head and ended in a 'nipple' of wrinkly skin about half an inch beyond,
was leaking cock-snot at an amazing rate, if the puddle on his abs that I
quickly began to lick up was any indication! The taste of his pre-cum could
assuredly be called 'cock-honey' - sweet without a trace of salt or
bitterness!

Having licked up all that was pooling on his abs, I moved on to licking it
out of his hood, playing with the foreskin, nibbling at it and sliding my
tongue inside it between the foreskin and the head of his cock. He moaned
almost continuously as I did so. As my tongue moved deeper into his hood,
however, the familiar pungent taste of 'cheese' began to tingle the tip of
my tongue!  Perhaps I wasn't going to have to talk to him after all! I slid
down his foreskin and my nose was immediately assaulted by the intensely
pungent odor of raw male cock! The scent of his smegma filled the air
around us and I heard him croak out in embarrassment.

"I'm sorry! I guess I forgot to clean it out!" he moaned.

I looked him in the eyes.

"Don't you bother! I love the taste of smegma! I was afraid you'd washed it
all away!" I said.

"You do? But it's supposed to be so nasty!" he said, looking at me
curiously.

"Yeah. It is nasty! That's why I like it!" I grinned. "Have you ever tried
it?"

He face reddened a deep red and it was then that I caught on to the truth!

"You love it, don't you! You were saving this for yourself! Weren't you?" I
asked, grinning.

His face, which was already red, grew impossibly redder.

"Yeah." he said softly.

"Well, you're a nasty boy then! I love nasty boys!" I grinned and he
grinned back at me!

Good! He was finally getting into the fun of this!

"Want to share it with me?" I asked.

He smiled and nodded. I went back down to his cock and began licking up all
the creamy smegma under the flange of his cockhead, tasting the pungency of
it on my tongue and smelling the intense scent of it as it rose in my
nose. Having gathered all I could, I moved up over him, resting on my
forearms and covered his mouth with mine. I let him taste his own smegma
from my mouth and we shared the nasty, pungent male treat together, both of
us moaning as we did so!  It was a nasty, pungent kiss and I could feel
from his cock, throbbing against my abs, that he loved it, too!

"Tastes great!" I said, looking down at him.

He smiled and nodded.

"Good. You keep your cock that way. I guarantee you'll never have to clean
it yourself again!" I said, grinning at him.

He smiled and nodded his agreement. He didn't know at that point, that
there were three other raunchy males in this house that would love the
taste of smegma from his 16 year old cock! Or that those same raunchy males
would eventually supply him with more male love than he could ever dream
existed! Keith had fallen into heaven, he just didn't know it yet!

I moved back down his body, this time capturing his cock in my mouth. I
slid my lips down his throbbing member, skinning back the foreskin so that
the head of his cock came in contact with my raspy tongue. He moaned as I
began to lick and suck on his cock. I knew that this was going to be a
short blowjob - first ones usually are! The new sexual feelings are so
intense that almost no male can hold out for long. Especially not a young
male! And, sure enough, I'd only managed to make about three or four
circuits up and down his cock when he started screaming out.

"FUCK!!! I'M GONNA CUM!!! I'M GONNA ... GONNA....CUM!!!" he screamed, I
guess thinking that I would pull off.

Fuck that! I was eager to taste his young, hot load of semen and I wasn't
disappointed! He blew a huge load of sweet warm cum into my mouth, followed
by several smaller blasts. I held it all in my mouth, tasting it, until his
cock stopped shooting and somewhat softened. Then I moved up beside the
panting, heaving boy and took him in my arms. He looked into my eyes and
opened his mouth as if to say something. I didn't let him. Instead, my
mouth came down on his and he found himself tasting his own load from my
mouth. He moaned loudly as our tongues fought over the tasty treat. We
licked out each other's mouths until there was not even a remnant of his
teenaged spoonge left.

"Oh, fuck! That was incredible!" he panted, pulling his mouth from mine.

"Glad you liked it." I smiled.

"But you didn't get off!" he said, disappointed.

"There's time for that." I said.

"When?" he asked eagerly.

"Whenever you want." I answered.

"Now?" he asked.

"Now is good." I grinned.

"What do you want me to do?" he asked.

"Whatever you feel comfortable doing." I said.

"Can I...uhh...can I lick..." he stuttered.

"My butt?" I asked softly.

He nodded, not able to look at me and his face reddened. I reached over and
lifted his chin with my fingers until he was looking at me.

"There is nothing to be ashamed of. Every guy in this house loves to eat
butt. It's something that almost every guy loves to have done to him and
it's mainly only another guy that will do it for you. It's perfectly
natural, nothing 'perverted' about it. Straight guys eat pussy! Gay guys
eat butt. I guess guys just love to eat whatever hole they fuck!" I
grinned.

His eyes got as big as saucers at this. I knew it was a lot for him to
grasp at once but if he was going to be in this house, with the four randy
guys who lived here, he'd better get used to it now!

"You fuck guys in the ass?" he asked.

"Yep. And I get fucked, too." I said.

I think that really got him thinking because I could see the glint in his
eyes.

"Do you want to fuck me?" I asked quietly.

"You'd let me?!" he asked.

"I'd love to feel that big cock of yours up my ass!" I told him, smiling.

"Oh! Fuck!" he moaned.

The End of Chapter Nineteen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Fri, 20 Feb 2004 21:07:50 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 17

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Seventeen - And End And A Beginning

Rick and I walked back to the cabin to find Tom and Bill still asleep in
the sun and Jeff and Tim talking. Tim looked up and saw us and I thought,
for just a moment, I saw a look of jealousy on his face seeing me alone
with Rick. That, unfortunately, made me sure that Rick was the object of
Tim's unrequited love. I was glad now that I told Rick that there was a
brother who was in love with him. I'm sure that he will figure out quickly
that it's Tim and, hopefully then Tim's dream of making love with Rick will
come true!

Jeff looked up and saw us and looked at me quizzically. I smiled at him and
thought to myself that he and I were going to have to have a good long talk
about his family - and soon!

"Well, what do you guys think? Sun's starting to go down. Should we start
thinkin' about dinner soon?" Rick asked Jeff and Tim.

"Yeah. I guess maybe we better." Tim said. "I'll go wake up Tom and Bill."

"Is there anything we can do to help?" I asked Rick.

"No, not really. We'll handle things. Why don't you two just relax and
enjoy yourselves." Rick smiled at Jeff and me and turned and walked into
the cabin.

"Where did you and Rick go?" Jeff asked.

"Into the woods. Why don't you and I take a short walk. There's some things
I need to talk to about." I said.

"Okay." Jeff said, getting up.

We passed Bill, Tom and Tim on our way down the path to the woods.

"Where you two going?" Bill laughed.

"We just want to explore a little." I said, smiling.

"Explorin' like that got me married with three kids and another on the
way!" Tom laughed.

"Well, he can't get pregnant, thank God or we'd have five or six by now!"
Jeff laughed.

We walked until we were out of earshot of the rest of the brothers when I
turned to Jeff.

"Rick made love to me." I said.

"I notice the wording. So, he decided to try it! How'd it go?" he asked,
his voice even.

"I think it's definitely changed his mind about love between two males. I
think he'd very much like to keep me here!" I grinned.

"I got that feeling as well." Jeff said quietly.

"But he knows how things are. He knows that I'm totally in love with you
and there's no chance of anything between him and me. Besides, he doesn't
need me. He's got someone who's already in love with him - has been for
years!" I said.

"Who?!" Jeff asked in shock.

"Tim." I said.

"How the fuck do you know that?! I don't even know that!" he said.

"Because Tim told me. Last night, when you went to get our stuff. Tim and I
had a long talk about things. He told me then. You have to keep it to
yourself, though. He's hid it from the rest of you all this time." I said.

"So, how's that going to help Rick?" Jeff asked.

"Because I told him. Well...I told him that one of his brothers was in love
with him and would love to make love with him anytime he wanted. I just
wouldn't tell him who. I'm sure he'll figure it out for himself." I said.

"But what about his wife!" Jeff asked.

"What about her?" I asked. "You don't think for one moment that Rick is
going to leave her for Tim, do you?! Never happen! But I do think that your
oldest brother is another one of those gay men who hid out in marriage. I'm
sure he loves his wife and I know he loves his boys. But he's hurting
inside. I could see it! Making love to me was overwhelming to him. He needs
Tim and Tim needs him. They'll find a way to work it out." I said.

"I sure hope you're right! This could be very explosive!" Jeff said.

"Jeff, lover, you guys are brothers. You've been getting together for sex
for years. Have any of the wives figured it out? Have they ever objected?
Fuck! They make all the food for these little weekend orgies! Who is going
to think anything strange about Rick and Tim getting closer to one another?
Who's going to see something perverted in two brothers being very close
friends?" I asked him.

"Well...when you lay it out that way, I guess you're right." he said.

He pulled me into his arms and kissed me deeply.

"What was that for?" I asked, grinning at him.

"Well...because you are one smart little fucker! And because I really love
you. And because I want you to not want to go running off into the woods
with Rick anymore!" he laughed.

"Oh, come on! You're not getting jealous are you?! Of Rick?!" I said,
shocked.

"No. Not really. But you don't know him as well as you think you do." Jeff
said.

"Oh, no? How about this...because he's the oldest, he's always been used to
getting what he wants and running the whole show and you're concerned that
he'll try to take me away from you just to see if he can do it - probably
not even realizing that's what he's doing. Something like that?" I asked.

"Fuckin, shit! You really are smart!!! Damn!" he grinned.

"Lover, there is nobody on the face of the earth that could take me away
from you. Don't you know that by now? I knew what Rick was up to when he
asked me to go into the woods with him. He just didn't know I had my own
agenda for going." I said.

"Which was?" Jeff asked.

"I wanted him to really experience what it was like to make love to a
guy. Once he found that out, I knew he'd be hooked on it! I could then
introduce him to the idea of someone - one of his brothers - being in love
with him. Trust me, before full nightfall, he'll already have figured out
who and both he and Tim will end up making each other very happy!" I said.

"Quite the manipulator yourself, aren't you!" Jeff laughed.

"Hey! I'm an only child! We learn manipulation at our mother's breast!" I
laughed.

"So you really think this will be good for Tim?" he asked.

"It's as good as it's ever gonna get for Tim. I saw the look in his
eyes. He's totally in love with Rick. That, I'm afraid, is never going to
change. At least now he'll have part of Rick. I know Rick will fall in love
with him - as much as he's ever going to allow himself to fall in love with
another guy. Though it's going to add some 'dimensions' to these little
get-togethers for your brothers." I said.

"Yeah, what about Tom and Bill?" he asked.

"Who knows - the way things are going, maybe they'll fall in love with each
other!" I laughed.

"Good thing I've got you! I'd be odd man out!" Jeff grinned.

"No, that's your Dad." I said.

"What do you mean?" Jeff asked.

"Well, Tim also told me that he's always dreamed of having sex with your
Dad." I said.

"Oh, fuck!" Jeff exclaimed.

"Hey! What's wrong with that! I do it! And so do you, for that matter." I
said.

"Yeah, but I do it with YOUR Dad!" Jeff grinned.

"Oh yeah, that's right! Sometimes I forget the way he treats both of us
that I'm the only one that's really his son!" I laughed.

"I don't think that Dad is gonna have sex with Tim." Jeff said.

"I don't think so either, but you never can tell! At least Tim will have
Rick. That will make him a lot happier! Of course, now he'll never come to
San Diego!" I said.

"Babe, he was never gonna come anyways. I know Tim too well. He'd never
leave here! And I knew that before I knew he was in love with Rick!" Jeff
said.

"I guess you're right." I said. "So, since they're all going to think we
were fucking, you want to?"  I asked.

"Yeah! I wanna eat Rick's cum outa your ass and then fuck the shit outa
you!" he grinned.

"Great! That's just what I want! I want my lover's cock up my ass!" I
grinned back.

I turned around and put my hands out in front of me, resting them on the
trunk of a tree while I spread my legs. Jeff squatted down behind me and
pulled my butt cheeks apart.

"Bend over a little more, babe." he said.

I backed up a little and let my hands slide down the trunk of the
tree. This bent me over and made my butt spread further for Jeff.

"Ahh! Yeah! Fuck! Yeah! I love the smell of just-fucked butt!" he groaned
as he ran his nose up and down my ass trench.

"So you're not mad at me any more for making love to Rick?" I asked over my
shoulder.

"Never was! Just wanted to let you know that I knew what was going on!" he
said, pulling his face outa my butt.

"Pretty manipulative yourself, lover!" I laughed.

"I'm the baby of the family! We learn manipulation early as well! Have to,
as a defense against all those older brothers!" he laughed.

With this, he buried his face back in my ripe butt and I felt his tongue
digging at my hole. I pushed out with my ass muscles and fed Rick's cum to
him from my ass. I could hear him moaning and slurping up all the
ass-flavored cum I could feed him. Finally, he pulled his mouth off my
hole.

I heard him stand up and then I felt his arms come around me and his hands
on my chest as his cock nudged at my hole. He grabbed my nipples and
squeezed as he slowly slid his cock into my guts. I moaned at the feel of
his cock - the cock I knew and loved so much! The cock that made us one
when it was inside of me!

"Oh, yeah! Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Make me yours!" I groaned.

"You are mine." he said, his mouth at my ear.

"Yes! Your's! Your's forever!" I groaned again to him.

"And don't you forget it!" he chuckled, making his cock jump in my hole.

"Never, lover! Never!" I moaned.

He began to slowly fuck me, continuing to pull on my nipples.

"Oh, fuck yeah! Pull on those nips!" I groaned.

"Yeah! It really tightens your fuck-hole every time I do!" he said.

He quickly picked up the pace of his fucking, his cock pounding my hole. I
was groaning and loving every second of this! Here we were, out in the
woods, in the open air, naked and fucking!  What could be better than this!

I think Jeff was very turned on to fucking me after his oldest brother had
fucked my hole. He was pounding away at it like he was going to make it
deeper than it already was! But neither of us could take it for long!
Within minutes, I heard his groaning change in pitch and knew he was
rapidly working himself towards cumming. I could feel my balls tightening
up to the base of my cock and knew I was going to cum as well.

"Ahh! Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" Jeff groaned.

"Yeah! Cum in me, babe! Come in my hole!" I begged him and felt the tingle
in my balls telling me that I was going to cum as well.

"FUCK, YEAH!!! CUM IN YOUR HOLE!!! CUMMIN' IN YOUR SHITHOLE!!!" Jeff
screamed and I felt his cock swell in my hole, shooting is load deep inside
me.

He pinched my tits HARD as he came! That was all it took!

"YEAH!!! AHHH!!! FUCK ME!!!" I screamed as I shot my load.

I came so hard that it hit the trunk of the tree in front of me! I looked
down and saw four stripes of my white spoonge streaked across the bark!

Jeff collapsed against my back and I was grateful that I was braced against
the tree! After a few minutes, though, he straightened up and slowly pulled
his cock from my well-used ass. He squatted down below me and I felt his
mouth lock onto my ass and begin to suck his cum from my hole. I moaned as
his mouth soothed the ravaged lips of my ass. He sucked for a while and
then stood up. I turned and his mouth came down on mine and he shared some
of his cum flavored with my ass as we kissed.

We pulled ourselves together and walked back to the cabin. As we got
closer, we could smell the aroma of grilling steaks. Rick was manning the
grill and the other brothers were setting out Tupperware bowls and opening
them. We went over to the table to see what was for dinner.

"How do you take your steaks?" Rick asked.

"Medium rare for both of us." Jeff said.

"Just sit down! We got steak, baked potatoes, corn on the cob along with a
tossed salad and a really good Jello mold that my wife makes with lime
Jello, cottage cheese and pineapple." Rick said.

We sat down and soon the steaks were ready. The six of us were soon
chomping away, filling our empty bellies and enjoying ourselves. There was
a lot of good natured joking about sexual organs and prowess among the
brothers and I noticed that some of it was directed at me as well, which
really made me feel a part of the 'family'. But what Rick did next, really
gave me that feeling!

Rick stood up and called for everyone's attention.

"Hey! Guys! I have an little announcement to make!" Rick said.

And all the brothers looked over at me.

"Mike, we've never done this before. I guess we never thought we would need
to!"

All the brothers laughed at this.

"Anyway, we really love Jeff and we miss him a whole lot." Rick said "but
having met you, we know why he staying in San Diego and also that he's the
happiest we've ever seen him."

At this, Tim, Tom and Bill cheered.

"So we want to welcome you to the family and make you an honorary
'Berringer Boy'!" Rick said.

And with this the 'boys' all jumped to their feet and cheered and clapped
and came over and hugged me! Jeff was sitting next to me and beaming at how
his brothers had accepted me. I was almost in tears from happiness.

I don't know where things would have gone to from there, probably another
orgy but that didn't have a chance to happen. Suddenly, there was the sound
of a phone ringing in the house. The brothers all froze and looked at each
other. Rick went into the house immediately and answered the phone.

"What's the matter?" I asked Jeff quietly.

"Nobody ever calls when we're up here. Only if there's an
emergency. Whatever it is, it can't be good." Jeff said.

There was complete silence as everyone waited for Rick to some back out and
tell us who was calling. He was gone quite a while and I noticed that Tom,
Bill and Tim were getting really 'antsy' and nervous. Finally Rick came
back outside and walked over to the picnic table where we all were. His
face was a stone mask - tight and solid. His eyes almost dead. He stopped
when he got to the table and looked at us all.

"That was June. The hospital called her. There's no other way to say this
but to just tell you right out. Mom is gone." Rick said.

At this there was an uproar among the brothers all asking what had
happened. Rick held up his hands for silence.

"She had another heart attack. Dad called an ambulance but she was gone by
the time it got to the hospital. We all knew this was coming, just didn't
know it would happen so soon. I told June that we would go directly to the
hospital and take care of Dad and that we would be home later. So, I guess
we'd better pack up and get out of here." Rick said.

We silently packed up all the food and liquor and climbed back into the
pickup trucks. In a four vehicle convoy, we headed for town and the
hospital at speeds that I wasn't used to. I mean, yeah, I'd driven some of
the freeways but these were backwoods, country roads. But the boys had been
driving them since they were teens and knew every inch of them. At least,
that's what I hoped. Strangely enough, or maybe not so strangely, the line
of pickups followed in the birth order. Rick in front, followed by Tom and
Bill with Tim, Jeff and I bringing up the rear. Not a word was spoken
between the three of us the whole way there but Jeff had his arm around my
shoulders, holding me close to him the whole time - almost like he was
clutching onto a life preserver.

We made it to the hospital probably as fast as an ambulance could. We
headed into the emergency room, to find their Dad, sitting by himself,
calmly waiting. I could see that there wasn't a lot of emotion shown in
this family. Well, that was all right. I was used that.

Rick, as the natural leader approached their father as the other boys
spread out to either side.  Rick didn't say anything, just waited to be
acknowledged by the older man.

"I suppose you know?" his Dad asked Rick quietly.

"Yes, Dad. June called up at the cabin." he said.

"Helluva way to end your weekend." the older Berringer said.

"It's okay, Dad. We wanted to be here with you." Rick said.

It was at this point that their Dad finally looked around at all of the
'boys'.

"Fine sons. Mom was always proud of you." he said, his eyes becoming
somewhat misty.

The five 'boys' shuffled their feet and looked uncomfortable at this
utterance. Evidently nobody could take a compliment well in this
family. Maybe there weren't enough of them ever given or they'd been taught
young that one didn't seek them out. I didn't know which.

"What do you want to do now, Dad?" Rick asked.

"I guess I might as well go on home. There ain't nothin' that I need to do
here. The guys from the mortuary will collect her later and I'll have to go
down and pick out a casket tomorrow." their father said.

"How'd you get here?" Rick asked.

"I came in the ambulance with her." their Dad said.

"We'll take you home." Rick said, taking charge as the oldest.

"Thank you, son. Thank all of you." their Dad said quietly, looking again
at each of them. "Fine sons. Mighty fine sons."

Rick put his arm around his father's shoulders and walked him out to his
truck. We all followed, again in birth order, out of the hospital. Again,
we climbed into the pickup trucks and headed out for the family ranch -
Rick and their Dad in the lead with Tom, Bill and Tim, with Jeff and me,
following.

We didn't travel at high speed this time so getting to the ranch was
longer. This time there was some conversation.

"You gonna stay for the funeral?" Tim asked.

"Yeah. I'll call the base in the morning and talk to my CO. I can get added
on compassionate leave. Probably will have to fax them the death
certificate but I can get that from the funeral home." Jeff said.

"This is really gonna change things. I'm a little worried about Dad. I
don't know what he's gonna do without her. After all, he's never had to
take care of himself." Tim said.

"Well maybe he'll finally sell the ranch." Jeff said.

"No way in hell! We wanted him to do that! Been buggin' him over three
years now and he won't budge! I mean, none of us want to run it - not even
Rick. Dad just won't give it up though." Tim said.

"Well, let's see what happens. Now that Mom's gone, maybe he'll change his
mind." Jeff said.

"Yeah, and maybe pigs will start flyin'! When did you know Daddy to ever
change his mind about anything! He still won't buy a thing that Chrysler
makes!" Tim laughed.

"Yeah, he sure can be stubborn sometimes." Jeff agreed smiling.

"Well, at least I now know where you got it from." I said quietly.

"What? Me? Stubborn? Boy you ain't seen stubborn 'til you run up against
Daddy!" Jeff said.

I don't think that Jeff noticed, or Tim either - for that matter, but both
of them had reverted to calling their father 'Daddy' just like they had
done when they were little boys. It made me think that this is what was
really happening. They were all hurt by the loss of their mother and,
though they wouldn't show how much they were hurting, it came out in this
subtle way. They were hurt little boys, looking to Daddy to make things
okay again.

We got to the ranch and all piled into the house. Rick told Tom to tell Tim
to bring the beer and the Wild Turkey in from Tim's truck. Jeff and I
helped with that. We all sat in the big farm kitchen, around the large
kitchen table with his Dad and several bottles of Wild Turkey and everybody
was drinking shots and beers. I thought to myself that this is how they
allowed the emotions out among themselves. It was okay if you were
half-drunk to cry. Typical 'straight' males. Except I knew better!

They all sat around for an hour or so, sharing memories of their mother. It
was obvious from their memories that she was not a warm woman. Not
'touchy-feely' by any stretch of the imagination.  In many ways, she seemed
as cold as my mother. And, while it was clear that there was a much closer
relationship with their Dad, this wasn't a very physically affectionate one
either. I began to understand more and more why my lover was so starved for
affection - just like I was - when we first met. And why he loved my Dad so
much. Dad was, even though a 'rough, tough' Marine, a very physically
affectionate man - especially with Jeff and me. He hugged us and kissed us
at the drop of a hat, and we both basked in his attention.

Finally, Rick asked Jeff and Tim to step outside with him. They were gone a
few minutes and then they came back and Rick announced that he, Tom and
Bill had to get home to their families but that Tim, Jeff and I were going
to stay the night so that Dad wouldn't be alone. I noticed that his Dad
didn't even raise a minimal objection to this. I was glad that he was going
to let his son's take care of him.

After the older three boys left, their Dad said that he was going up to bed
and that he'd see us in the morning. I'd noticed that Jeff's Dad had about
8-10 shots of the Wild Turkey and several beers so that I supposed he might
be hurting emotionally, he was 'feeling no pain' in other ways.  Tim had
slugged down quite a lot, too, but seemed well able to handle it. He and
Jeff sat at the table sharing more stories of their childhood. After a
while, the couple of beers I'd had made me need to piss. I asked Jeff where
the bathroom was. He told me that there was one in the basement and on the
second floor. I opted for the one upstairs so he and Tim told me where
their Dad's room was and asked me to check on him which I, of course,
agreed to do.

I found the bathroom first and let out a long, heavy load of piss. I
thought to myself that I never usually had this much to drench anyone in
and maybe I ought to think about drinking beer more!  Finishing up, I
walked down the hall to where Tim and Jeff said their Dad's room was. I saw
the light was on and the door was partway open. I looked inside and their
Dad was just sitting on the side of the bed. He'd managed to get his boots
and shirt off but he was now just sitting there, seemingly staring at
nothing. I knocked at the door and it seemed to startle him out of his
reverie.

"I didn't mean to startle you." I said. "I had take a piss and Jeff and Tim
asked me to check on you. Are you okay?"

He looked at me for a moment and then I could see tears coursing down his
face. I don't know why I did it, I guess because I can't stand to see
anyone in pain, I walked over to the bed and sat down next to him, putting
my arms around him. He lay his head on my shoulder and I could feel him
begin to shake with sobs. His arms went around me and he quietly sobbed
against me for a while.

I couldn't explain why - maybe because he was an attractive man who looked
so much like an older Jeff - but I became erect and turned on. Part of it
was his man-scent. It was obvious that he'd done hard work that day and had
not had time to shower. His scent rose strong and masculine in my nose and,
that's usually enough to get my cock aroused. Then there was the feeling of
his strong arms around me, feeling so much like Jeff or even my own Dad.

After a while, he calmed down and stopped crying but he didn't let go of me
so I didn't let go of him. I was enormously grateful that I could be there
for the man who helped create the man that I loved. I was flattered that he
would turn to me, knowing who I was and what my relationship to his son
really was. He sat there, his arms around me, resting his head on my
shoulder. I thought I heard him taking deep breaths of my scent as well,
but figured I was just mistaken. However, I happened to glance down and it
was obvious that his jeans were filled out with a very hard, very large
cock! Well, I certainly knew where Jeff got that!

This didn't really have time to register on my brain when, all of a sudden,
I felt his hands roving over my body, feeling my muscles and doing it in
such a way that I was getting really aroused!  My breathing became heavier
which just made my breaths of his scent even deeper. I didn't know what to
do at that point! I didn't know if he knew what he was doing or not but
quickly figured out that he evidently did when his hand came down and began
to grope my very hard cock.

I didn't know what to do at that point! However, I let out a small,
uncontrolled groan at the feelings his hand on my cock was causing and felt
his mouth now licking and sucking at my very sensitive neck! It was
patently obvious that my lover's father wanted me! And, without much
thought about it, I decided that if he did, he could have me. I would give
him what he evidently wanted and needed. Maybe I was the only one who could
as I wasn't one of his sons, though I thought briefly about Tim and his
desire to be in this exact position with his Dad. Oh, fuck! First I make
love with the brother that Tim's in love with and now with his Dad who he
wants, too! I could see Tim attempting to cut my balls off!

But right then, I was in no position to really think! All the blood in my
body seemed to have drained to my cock which was now harder than a rock! I
began running my hands over Jeff's Dad's hard body. Not pumped from working
out but hard from many years of hard work on the ranch. The feel of him was
different and exciting to me. When he felt my hands stroking his body, he
raised his head and looked deeply into my eyes. Then he moved his head
forward and out mouths met in a deep, passionate kiss which seemed to last
forever.

"It's been more'n 30 years since I kissed another man like that." he said,
pulling his mouth from mine. "I want you."

I pressed my hand on top of his hand that was feeling up my hard cock.

"Does this tell you what I want?" I murmured.

"I don't want to hurt Jeff, though." he said.

"You won't. Trust me. Both Tim and Jeff would be here for you if you only
asked." I told him quietly.

He looked at me in surprise.

"But..I couldn't...I...just...uhh..." he stuttered.

"You don't have to, but they'd love it. And I think eventually you would,
too. But if it's easier for you with me, I am more than happy to be here
for you." I said softly, smiling at him and meaning every word.

"It's been so long, I'm not sure I remember what to do." he smiled.

"Oh, it's like riding a bicycle! You'll remember!" I chuckled. "But you've
got way too many clothes on."

"So do you." he said shyly.

"I can fix that." I said, pulling out of his arms and standing up in front
of him.

I pulled my t-shirt off over my head while slipping out of my sandals. I
was going to open my cutoffs and take them off but Jeff's Dad beat me to
it. He unbuttoned the fly and let them slide from my hips. I had left my
jock off in the rush to get dressed and get to the hospital so that when he
slid them down, my hard cock popped up, pointing at the ceiling. Jeff's Dad
reached out and stroked it gently and I groaned.

"Don't! I don't want this to end too quickly!" I moaned, smiling down at
him.

I pulled away from his hands and got down on my knees in front of him. I
unbuckled his belt and opened his jeans. He lifted his hips, helping me get
them off him. He wasn't wearing underwear either and his hard cock - about
eleven inches long, uncut and thick - stood up dripping cock- honey from
the hood which completely covered the head, even as hard as he was.

I pulled off his jeans and then pulled his socks off his feet, stopping to
smell the sweaty, masculine odor of mansweat and leather before pulling
them off. I then began licking and sucking at his toes, making him groan in
ecstasy!

"Damn! Nobody's ever done THAT to me before!" he groaned.

I looked up into his eyes. He was looking down, avidly watching what I was
doing.

"I hope maybe I can do several things nobody's ever done to you before, or
at least not for a long time." I smiled and went back to sucking on his
toes and licking between them.

He let me work on his feet, making appreciative noises to accompany every
new area of skin that my tongue explored. He really started making noises
when I began licking the soles of his feet from his heal to the ball of his
foot. I then switched to the other foot and did it all over again, again
accompanied by his groans of appreciation.

Once I was done with his feet, I began licking up the inside of his legs
and licking and nibbling at the inside of his thighs. He reached down and
lay his hand on my head, playing his fingers through my hair as I did
so. He spread his legs to give me better access and I moved in and pressed
my nose against his balls, breathing deep of the raunchy scent there - a
mixture of sweat, dried piss and rut. He heard me taking deep breaths of
his ripe nuts.

"Yeah, boy! Smell them balls! You like that scent, boy?" he asked.

"Oh! Fuck, yeah! I love the smell of ripe balls!" I groaned.

"Well, have at 'em son! They're all yours!" he said.

I, of course, couldn't stand to just smell them for long! I wanted to taste
them! I began licking and sucking at his somewhat hairy sack. Like Jeff and
his brothers, he didn't have much in the way of hair in his groin - or
anywhere else on his body for that matter. As I licked and sucked at his
balls, he groaned his appreciation.

"Yeah, boy! Fuck! Lick them man-balls! Yeah! Lick my nuts! Get 'em good and
wet!" he moaned.

And I continued to do exactly that! I was moving down, however, trying to
get to his butt. As I moved down he lay back on the bed to give me better
access to the back of his nuts and his 'taint'. I licked that very
sensitive patch of skin between his balls and ass-crack. I could smell the
scent of his butt and I wanted it! I took my hands and put them under the
backs of his knees, raising them. He reached down and took his legs from
me, pulling them back, opening up his entire crotch and ass-crack to me.

I immediately started running my nose up and down his slightly furry
ass-crack, breathing in the dark, raw, male scent - moaning at the
raunchiness of it. I knew he heard me because he spoke quietly.

"Yeah! You like that ass, boy? You like the smell of my ass? Suck down all
that ass-stink! I can't wait to smell yours!" he said.

"Oh, fuck! I love the smell of real man's ass!" I assured him.

But, of course, I loved the taste more and was ready for it! I began
licking at his trench, making his moaning become louder.

"Ahh, fuck! Lick my ass, boy! Lick it good! Ain't had nobody lick my ass in
so long!" he moaned.

I began licking at his tight, wrinkled hole while sucking on it at the same
time. I took me a while to get him to relax enough, but I finally managed
to work my tongue up inside him so that I could taste the inside of his ass
as well, relishing the dark, tangy flavor as I licked the smooth walls of
his inner ass.

"Ahh! Fuck! Yeah! Lick my hole, boy! Eat me fuckin' out! Don't stop! Please
don't stop!" he groaned.

I wondered to myself why guys always beg you not to stop when your licking
out their buttholes?  Did they really think you were going to stop?! Not
me! I couldn't stop! I loved the taste of butt, the smell of butt, the feel
of butt against my tongue! I loved everything about man-ass! The way it
smelled, the way it tasted, and especially the way it felt wrapped around
your hard cock when you fucked it!

I continued to eat Jeff's Dad's tasty ass and he continued to moan at the
feelings I was creating in him. Finally, however my tongue became tired and
I decided that there was more that I wanted to explore. Besides, my knees
were starting to hurt on the hardwood floor. I pulled my ass-sucking face
out of his crack and looked at him.

"Move up on the bed and rest against the headboard. I want to get off the
floor and get between your legs so that I can taste your cock!" I said.

He smiled and did as I said. He knew he was about to get a blowjob and
there is hardly a guy on the face of the earth who isn't delighted with
that prospect! I got between his legs, laying on my stomach, and began by
licking up the cock-honey that was dripping down his shaft. I followed the
stream up to the head and poked my tongue into the hood of his cock,
tasting more of the sweet/salty treat.

His cock was sweaty and raw smelling and I had great hopes of finding my
favorite treat of all under his hood. I pulled down the foreskin and the
odor of unwashed, uncut cock filled the area and went directly up my nose
and straight down to my hard cock trapped beneath me! Ahh! The smell of
smegma! I could see all the white flecks under the flange of the head of
his cock and I was delighted!

"Uhh...didn't have a chance to clean up..."he said.

I grinned up at him.

"No need! I'll clean it for you! I love 'cheese'! And, just like your boys,
you have quite a 'cheese factory' here!" I grinned.

"They take after their old man, huh?" he asked.

That told me that he'd probably never seen his sons naked since they were
small boys!

"Oh, fuck, yeah! Everyone of them with a beautiful, large cock and enough
foreskin to make cheese for a hungry 'cheese-hound' like me!" I grinned.

"Who...ahh...who's the biggest?" he asked, his curiosity getting the better
of him.

I grinned.

"I've got the biggest in my ass every night!" I said proudly.

"Well, I'll be damned! So little Jeff is the best hung of all of them,
huh?!" he grinned.

"Yeah! It was quite a shock to them at first!" I grinned back.

"I bet it was! I always figured he'd be biggest. I remember he had quite a
pecker on him when he was little." Jeff's Dad said, fondly and I could see
he was lost in memories of his young son.

I began licking up all the tasty smegma, letting the pungent aroma rise in
my nose while the tart, pungent taste exploded on my tongue. I moaned at
the flavor!

"Yeah, boy! Eat all that fuckin' cheese! You really like that, don'tcha?!"
he groaned as I continued to lick all of it that I could find.

Once it was all gone, I began slowly taking his cock deep into me. I had a
feeling that, just like Jeff, nobody had ever taken all of his Dad's cock
down his throat. I closed my eyes and began to concentrate on taking it
completely in me until my nose was buried in his fragrant pubic hairs.

"FUCK! Damn, boy! Ain't nobody ever swallowed all that thing! Not in my
whole fuckin' life!"  he exclaimed.

Pulling off his cock, I smiled at him.

"Funny, Jeff said the same thing the first time I did that!" I grinned and
we both chuckled.

"Do it some more! Please?" he begged.

"Oh, you don't have to ask! I love doin' it! Just try and stop me!" I
grinned cockily before again taking it deep in my throat.

He kind of lay back and just let himself get lost in the good feelings of
having his cock sucked. I knew all too well what I was doing and made sure
that he didn't get too close to cumming. I wanted this to last for him. I
wanted it to be wonderful for him! Above all, I wanted his cock buried in
my shithole and not in my throat when he shot a load of the cum that
created my lover!

We were both lost in the bliss of male-males sex, both of us groaning
softly, when we suddenly felt another body climbing on the bed!

Then End of Chapter Seventeen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Fri, 20 Feb 2004 21:08:33 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 18

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Eighteen - Fathers and Sons

I opened my eyes and looked up to see a naked and very erect Tim, climbing
on the bed and moving towards his Dad. His Dad also opened his eyes and
looked at his second youngest son with shock and fear in his eyes. Tim
smiled at his father and move his face close to his Dad's. I could hear his
voice, low and husky with emotion and desire.

"Please, Daddy. Let me..." he said and then he pressed his mouth to his
Dad's.

I could see his Dad resist for a moment but then he wrapped his arms around
his son and kissed him back - intensely! It was one of the most beautiful
thing I'd ever seen as father and son discovered each other as men and
lovers for the first time.

It was then that I felt someone else who was naked and very hard climb on
top of me and a warm wet tongue was licking in my ear.

"I just can't trust you around my family at all, can I?" Jeff chuckled low
in my ear.

I turned my head, grinning at him.

"Uhh...well...I didn't start this." I said.

"But you were bound and determined to finish it, weren't you!" he grinned.

I blushed.

"He seemed to need me." I said softly.

"And you just couldn't leave him like that. Yeah, I know. I'm not angry. I
just never thought that Dad would open up like this." he said watching is
father and older brother still kissing passionately.

It was about this time that Tim and his Dad broke their kiss and his Dad
saw Jeff, who was naked and on top of me. His Dad blushed at seeing his
youngest son in his bed as well. Jeff got off me and moved up to the head
of the bed where his father was. He moved toward him and put his mouth on
his Dad's kissing him passionately.

This time, Jeff's Dad didn't hesitate! He kissed Jeff as passionately as
Jeff was kissing him. Tim moved out of his arms and Jeff's Dad put his arms
around Jeff. Tim came down to where I was, looking hungrily at his Dad's
cock. I got up and made room for Tim who grinned at me as he got between
his Dad's legs and immediately began sucking his own father's cock for the
first time.

I moved up to the head of the bed on Jeff's Dad's other side. When they
'came up for air', Jeff and his Dad saw me there and his Dad put one of his
arms around me, pulling me to him and kissing me passionately as well! The
three of us shared kisses with each other, his Dad seeming to take great
delight in watching me and his youngest son kissing deeply over him.

"You two really do love each other, don'tcha?" his Dad asked Jeff softly.

"Yeah, Daddy. I do love him. More than I ever thought possible to love
somebody." Jeff said.

Then Jeff's Dad looked at me.

"He's my whole life! I love him more than life itself!" I assured his Dad.

"I believe you both. I can see it in your eyes when you look at each other
and in your faces when you kiss." he said, and then he groaned. "Ahh! Fuck!
Slow down, Timmy! I don't want to cum yet son!"

We looked down and Tim looked up, his father's hard cock mostly buried in
his mouth and Tim's eyes alive with happiness and desire.

"Dad, I think you've got a problem." Jeff said.

"What's that, son?" he asked, looking at Jeff quizzically.

"Well, you have three boys in this bed who all want you to fuck them." Jeff
grinned. "Think you're up to the job?"

"Son, I ain't fucked boy-butt in over 30 years. It's been nigh onto 10
years since I had sex at all!  Up to it?! You better wonder if your butts
are up to it!" he laughed! "Now, who wants to get fucked first?!"

"That should be Tim." I said and all three of them looked at me.

"How do you figure that?" Jeff's Dad asked me.

"Well...he's the oldest one here and he's the one who's been waiting the
longest and wanting you the most." I said.

Jeff grinned at me in pride.

"Mike is right, Dad. That honor should go to Tim." he said and then smiled
at his older brother who's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree! A very horny
Christmas tree!

"Oh, yes, Daddy! I've wanted you to fuck me for so long!" Tim begged his
father.

"Well, get ready boy because tonight you're gonna get fucked by Daddy -
long and hard!" his Dad grinned at him. "How you want it, boy?"

"On my back, Daddy! I want to watch you as you fuck me!" Tim said.

"Good! 'Cause that's just what I want, too! I want to watch my boy while I
fuck his ass for him!"  his Dad roared.

We moved around so that Tim could get on his back in the middle of the
bed. He pulled his legs back showing is Dad his hairless crack and his rosy
colored hole.

"Looks like that hole's already had quite a workout!" he Dad
grinned. "Who's cum you got up there boy?"

"Uhh...Rick and Bill's, Daddy." he admitted embarrassedly.

"Mmm! I think I want to taste that!" his Dad said, getting down and burying
his face in his son's butt.

We soon heard the slurping sounds as his Dad hungrily ate out Tim's ass who
was moaning at the feelings his Dad was giving him.

"Ahh, fuck! Yeah! Daddy! Eat your boy's hole! Eat me out, Daddy!" Tim was
groaning.

Jeff and I were on either side of him. Jeff offered Tim his hard cock to
suck on and I went down and started sucking on Tim's cock - his Dad and I
looking deep into each other's eyes as I ate his son's cock and he ate his
son's ass!

Once his Dad had thoroughly eaten out his son's hole, he moved up and put
his cock at the entrance to his son's shit-chute. I moved out of the way
and so did Jeff, letting the two of them look deeply into each other's eyes
as the huge 'Dad cock' slid all the way into Tim's butt.

"Oh, fuck! Yeah, Daddy! Oh, God! I love your cock! It's so big! Fuck me,
Daddy! Fuck me HARD!" Tim begged and his Dad just chuckled at his son's
wantonness.

Jeff and I watched as his Dad began to fuck his older brother. It was a
masterful fucking that rapidly had Tim leaking cock-snot all over his abs
and crying out for more!

"Yeah, Daddy! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Tim moaned over and over.

It was not a performance that lasted long however. Within a very short
time, Tim was uncontrollably shooting his load all over his chest and
abs. The experience of finally having his Dad fuck him was just too much
for him! His Dad didn't cum but I figured that his Dad planned it that
way. He slowly pulled his cock out of his son's butt as Jeff leaned down
and started to lick up Tim's cum.

"Get out of there, boy! That's mine!" Jeff's Dad roared.

Jeff got up, looking at his Dad with a very guilty look. His Dad glowered
at him for a moment and then broke into a huge grin and started laughing!

"Gotcha!" he laughed as he leaned down and started licking up his son's
cum, tasting the male essence of Tim for the first time.

When it was all gone, he looked at Jeff.

"You're next, boy!" he grinned. Then looking down at Tim he said, "Get up
boy and make room for your brother!"

Tim moved out of the way and watched as his Dad again got down and pushed
his face into Jeff's butt, slurping and licking out Jeff's hole. Then he
got up and again slowly pushed his cock into Jeff's willing shithole. I
watched the bliss on my lover's face as his Daddy fucked him for the first
time. I never realized, until that moment, how much Jeff must have always
wanted this! I guess he never said anything about it because he figured
that it would never happen. It did however confirm what I'd always thought
about Jeff loving to have my Dad fuck him. I figured that he was
fantasizing it was his own Dad doing it to him. Now, it was no fantasy!
Jeff's Daddy was fucking his ass, and fucking it well!

"Yeah! Fuck me Daddy! Fuck your boy!" Jeff begged as he and his father
never broke eye contact.

I could tell that his Dad was a great fuck! I could see it in the look on
Jeff's face and could hear it in the grunts and groans coming from him as
his Dad fucked him.

"I want you to cum, boy! I want you to cum for Daddy! I want you to get off
before I do because I truly want a piece of your young lover's butt!" his
Dad said.

I was pleasantly surprised at this! I figured it was going to be a strictly
'family affair'. That would have been fine with me. I'd had sex with Tim
and Jeff was my lover but they'd both waited all their lives to give
themselves to this man that they loved.

Jeff did as his Dad asked. He soon was shooting his cum all over his neck,
chest and abs. Again, his Dad pulled out of his butt and went down licking
up every drop of Jeff's copious load. Then he looked at me hungrily.

"I want to see if that butt is as amazing as your mouth, boy!" his Dad
said.

"Oh, it's more amazing that you could ever believe Dad!" Jeff laughed.

"Yeah, Dad! He can do stuff that you'd never dream of!" Tim assured his
father.

He looked at his sons and then at me, quizzically.

"That true, boy?" he asked.

"Well, why don't you lay down on your back and I'll show you! I'll show you
something I'll bet you've not only not ever done - I'll bet you never even
dreamed of doing it!" I grinned cockily.

Tim and Jeff both laughed because they well knew exactly what I had in
mind! And Jeff was really excited by it because his cock was already
getting hard again!

Still looking questioningly at me, his Dad did as I asked and lay down on
his back. I took his cock in my mouth, tasting the ass juices of both Tim
and Jeff and getting it wet for my hole. I then spit on my fingers and went
to wet my hole.

"Don't do that, boy! Come here and let me get it wet for you! I wanna taste
that raunchy butt of your!" his Dad said.

I grinned at him and got up and straddled his head. I squatted down so his
Dad could smell my nasty crack.

"Fuck! You stink so fuckin' good, boy!" Jeff's Dad exclaimed as he eagerly
breathed in all my butt raunch.

He then began licking my crack and sucking on my hole. I loosened it so
that Jeff's Dad's tongue easily slid all the way up inside me, tasting the
cum of all his sons up inside me.

"Who's fuckin' cum you got up here, boy?" he asked, pulling his tongue out
of my butt.

"All five of your sons." I said.

"Ahh, fuck! You taste fuckin' good, boy!" he said and went back to licking
out my hole some more.

After a few more minutes of him eating my hole, I stood back up. This time
I straddled the middle of his body facing him. I then got down on my knees
with my legs spread across his groin and slid back onto his cock, taking it
all the way up my ass at once.

"Ahh! Fuck, boy! You've got one hot fuckin' hole!" he groaned.

"You ain't felt nothing yet!" I grinned at him.

I felt my ass loosening even more and then I looked at Jeff and winked. His
cock was fully hard once again and as I bent over his Dad, kissing the
older man deeply, Jeff got behind me. I'd purposely kissed his Dad so that
he wouldn't see what was coming and would only feel it. Jeff put his cock
at my hole, stretched already around his Daddy's cock and pushed slowly
into my butt! His Dad groaned into my mouth and I pulled back, looking down
at him.

"Wha...what the fuck?!" he exclaimed and then Jeff poked his head over my
shoulder and looked down at his Dad as well.

"Great hole, ain't it, Daddy!" Jeff laughed.

"I don't fuckin' believe this!" his Dad exclaimed.

"Believe it, Dad! You and I are fuckin' the same hole!" Jeff grinned.

"Tim, you better learn how to do this because I wanna fuck your ass with
Rick!" his Dad exclaimed and Tim looked at his Dad in shock!

"Rick?!" Tim exclaimed.

"Shit, yeah, boy! You should love havin' both our cocks up your ass,
considerin' how much you're in love with him!" Tim's Dad smiled at him.

"What?!" Tim exclaimed, looking at me.

"Don't look at me! I didn't tell him!" I assured Tim.

"Fuck no, boy! He didn't tell me! Nobody had to tell me! You fuckin' boys
all thinkin' you got the wool pulled over my eyes while you fucked and
sucked and pissed all over each other all them years! Thought your old man
didn't know what the fuck was goin' on, didn'tcha?!" the older man said.

"But...but...Daddy!" Tim was flabbergasted - not to mention practically
speechless.

"I've known that you've been in love with Rick for years! Well, I've got
news for you, boy! He's in love with you, too! Just won't admit it to
himself. But, that's okay. I'm sure you're gonna change that for him!" he
laughed.

Tim's face went so red, you could have used him for a stop sign! Jeff's Dad
looked up at me.

"Let's get to it, boy! I wanna shoot my load up your butt and I'm sure that
my boy wants to do the same. Then we'll let Tim here suck it out of
you. I'm sure he'll like that, finally getting to taste his Daddy's cum!
Ain't that right, boy!" he asked Tim.

"Yes, Daddy!" Tim exclaimed and then blushed even harder at his apparent
sluttishness.

"That's a boy! Daddy's gonna feed you a lot of my cum from now on!" his Dad
laughed.

Then he started moving his cock in my butt and both Jeff and I moaned at
the feeling.

"Fuck! You've got a hot ass, boy! And you've got one helluva cock, son!" he
grinned up at us.

"I got you to thank for that, Daddy!" Jeff grinned.

"That you do, boy! According to your young lover here, you got the biggest
of the lot." his Dad chuckled as he continued to fuck in and out of me.

"Yep! Daddy! I sure do!" Jeff grinned and jabbed his cock into my hole hard
against his Daddy's cock.

They both groaned at the feeling of their hard cocks rubbing together as
they fucked my butt. I was groaning as well at all the meat packed up my
hole! My hole had never been so full and I was loving every minute of it! I
began thinking that maybe I would like to try having Jeff's fist up me! Or,
maybe not considering the size of his fist!

The two males fucked me, fucking me hard, getting off on my ass and on each
other's cocks.  Father and son, fucking the same hole! Mine! The thought
was mind-boggling and it was driving me closer and closer to orgasm. But it
was Jeff's Dad that reached it first! Fucking three asses - one of them
with his youngest son, was just to much for him to hold back any longer! He
started groaning and I could feel his cock begin to tremor in my butt,
unloading his hot load of Daddy cum deep in my guts!

"FUCK!!! YEAH!!! I'M CUMMIN! I'M CUMMIN' UP YOUR ASS!!!" he screamed.

That's all it took for me as well!

"FUCK!!! YEAH!!! FUCK MY ASS!!! CUM UP MY BUTT!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" And I
began shooting my cum all over his Dad's chests and abs.

Jeff was right behind me! Literally and figuratively!

"YEAH!!! FUCKIN' YOUR ASS!!! FUCKIN' MY DAD'S COCK!!! FUCK!!!" he screamed
as he, too, shot bolt after bolt of hot Berringer spoonge in my hole to
join his Dad's cum.

My hole was so full of Berringer cum that it was leaking out all over Jeff
and his Dad's cocks and crotches.

Jeff pulled out of my hole first and then his Dad. Tim quickly got behind
me, sucking on my ass to get every drop of Jeff and his Dad's cum -
flavored with my assjuices. I could hear him slurping and moaning as his
eager mouth sucked at my asslips and his tongue dug in my butt for all the
cum he could find.

In the mean time, Jeff and his Dad were locked in a sixty-nine, licking
their combined cum and my assjuices from each other's cocks while my own
cum smeared between them. When they'd cleaned each other's cock and groins
of their combined loads they then began to lick my spoonge off each other
as well! They were certainly cum-hungry little pigs! They ended their feast
with a long, deep, passionate kiss.

"Fuck, boy! That was the best fuckin' sex I've ever had in my whole life!"
his Dad exclaimed.

"And it just gets better from here on out." I said, grinning. "You got four
sons who all, I'm sure, are gonna want to please their Dad!"

"I'll just bet you're right about that, boy!" he grinned back at me. "But
no more tonight! I'm plumb tuckered out! I don't think this bed big enough
for four though you're all welcome to try."  he said.

"No, Dad. I'm gonna take Mike to Tim and my old room. I think Tim would
like to sleep with you tonight." Jeff smiled at his Dad.

"That right, boy? You wanna sleep with Daddy tonight?" he asked Tim and
Tim's face lit up!

"Tonight and any other night you'll let me, Daddy!" Tim exclaimed.

"Well, we'll just have to see what we can arrange about that, son!" his Dad
smiled tenderly and before we could get off the bed, Tim was curled up in
his Daddy's arm, his head resting on his Daddy's chest.

Jeff's Dad had his arms around Tim and was gently stroking him when we left
the bedroom, gently closing the door behind us. Jeff led me down the hall
to another room. It had two double beds in it and was filled with boyhood
memorabilia. I looked around at all the toys and sports gear and the
posters on the wall. I pointed to one of the beds.

"This one was yours." I said.

"How did you know?" Jeff asked in surprise.

I didn't answer, merely pointed to the Marine Corps recruiting poster
pasted to the wall above the bed. Jeff laughed and put his arms around me.

"I went to bed every night wanting to be him, but also wanting to have
him." Jeff said, wrapping me in his warm, muscular arms. "And eventually, I
got both wishes."

"You did?! You had sex with him?" I asked, surprised.

"Yep, sure did! Met him while I was at boot camp! He was okay, but he
didn't fuck near as good as you do!" he said.

I grinned at him.

"Reminds me of the small bed in the motel in Las Vegas." I said, looking at
his bed.

"Well, we were very much in love then. We didn't need much room for
sleeping." he smiled.

"And we aren't in love now?" I asked.

"More...much more!" he said, kissing me deeply.

We slid into his bed and curled up in each other's arms. With all the sex
we'd had that day and night, we were soon lost in sleep.

The next few days were somewhat of a nightmare. The viewing and funeral
were difficult for all the family to go through. Jeff's Dad decided that he
was not going to reveal his 'new' inclinations to the other boys until
after the funeral. He swore Jeff, Tim and me to secrecy.  However, the
nightly orgies continued unabated. I think they helped Jeff's Dad to get
through the ordeal. Certainly, he had something to look forward to each
night!

At the church yard, after then internment, Jeff's Dad asked all the boys -
and only the boys - to gather at the ranch two hours later. He then sent
Jeff, Tim and me into town to get beer and Wild Turkey and ice. He went and
got groceries and we met back at the ranch. He then sent us on up to the
cabin to get everything ready. Dad had something up for his 'boys'!
Something they weren't going to be expecting.

When the boys arrived, Dad was waiting for them on the front porch. He
informed them that they were all going up to the cabin together. The boys
began to say that they didn't have any 'stuff' with them. Their Dad
informed them that they didn't need anything, that everything was all taken
care of. Then he got in his truck and headed out for the cabin, leaving his
stunned off-spring to follow.

We were waiting for them as Jeff's Dad had requested, naked. In fact, when
they arrived, Jeff's Dad climbed out of his truck naked, having stripped on
the way. I would have paid good money to have a picture of Rick, Tom and
Bill's faces when they saw the four of us standing there naked, waiting for
them.

"Okay, boys! There's only two rules! No clothes and Whatever happen - stays
here!" Jeff's Dad called out to his sons who were speechless hearing their
own 'rules' thrown at them!

Their Dad didn't wait, he just turned around and walked up the steps and
into the cabin. Of course, everything was set up for an orgy in the main
room, the mattresses still in the middle of the floor with bottles of lube
in easy reach. When they got inside, after getting naked on the porch as we
made sure they did, their Dad was standing, his legs spread wide, in the
middle of the mattresses.

"Now you boys have thought you were pretty slick for a long time. You
thought that you'd put one over on the old man, that I had no idea what the
fuck was going on! Well, boys, you were wrong! I knew about the fuckin',
suckin' and pissin' that was going on. Didn't say nothin' about it or try
to put a stop to it 'cause I didn't see no harm in it. And it damn sure
kept the fighting among you down to a minimum!" he grinned at them.

The three oldest of his sons, blanched white and then turned red as beets!
Rick went to say something but his Dad cut him off.

"Shut up! I'm talkin' here! Now! I think it's time you knew
something. Before I met your Mom, you know that I was in the Marine Corps
and served in Viet Nam. That much you know. What you don't know is that
while I was serving there, I met another Marine. In fact, I went through
boot camp with him. He became the best friend I ever had. Well...at least
that's what I thought at the beginning. Truth be told, I fell in love with
him. I just didn't know it because I'd never felt that way about another
guy before and didn't fuckin' even know it was possible! Bein' raised here
on this ranch, I didn't know nothin' about nothin' when I went to the
Corps. But I found out! I learned an awful lot in the two years I was
in-country." he said.

The boys eyes were practically bugging out at this information about their
Dad. I could even see some surprise on Jeff and Tim's faces since his Dad
had not given us these details. I, on the other hand, wasn't at all
surprised. Sounded a lot like my Dad's experience in the Corps.

"Well, anyway, me and this other Jarhead, who's name was Rick, by the way,"
he said, looking right at his oldest son. "we ended up becoming...well...I
guess you'd say 'fuck-buddies' at first.  Then we were lovers. I wanted to
spend the rest of my life with him."

At this point, he stopped and stood there looking down. It seemed he was
trying very hard to keep control of himself. It was then we all realized
that something terrible had happened. It was Rick's voice we heard first.

"Daddy, what happened?" he asked quietly.

"We were out on recon. We got separated from our team. Suddenly, we ran
into a squad of NVR's and there was a quick and horrible fire-fight. Rick
and I killed them all, but he took a hit in the gut. I put him on my back
and carried him back to our camp and they called in a chopper to take him
to the battalion aid station. I wanted to go with him but they wouldn't let
me. When we were rotated back, I went immediately to the aid station to
find out how he was doing. When I asked for him, one of the nurses went and
got another one. She took me outside and then to her tent. She pulled out a
letter for me from Rick. It wasn't very long. Basically all it said was how
much he loved me and that loving me was the best thing that had ever
happened to him in his life. Then the nurse told me that he wrote it before
they took him into surgery and gave it to her for me. I guess he knew he
wasn't going to make it out of surgery. He died on the operating table.
The one man I loved more than anything in life and to take his place, they
gave me a bronze star." he said, disgust and anger in his voice.

"So that's why you never wear it, even when you march in the Veteran's Day
parade." Rick said.

"It don't mean shit to me. I wish it had been me that died. Well, at least
I wished that until you were born, Rick." his Dad said, a softness in his
eyes as he looked at his oldest son.

"How did you end up married to Mom?" Tom asked.

"As far as I was concerned, my life was over. I knew I'd never find another
man to love. I even convinced myself, for a while, that loving Rick had
been wrong and sinful and God had punished us by taking Rick from me. When
I got home, I took up with the first woman who showed any interest in me
and vowed I'd never have sex with another man again...and until your Mother
died, I didn't." their Dad said.

At this, the three oldest boys looked over at Jeff, Tim and me.

"That's right. We've been getting it on every night since then. And now, I
want to get it on with my other sons. I want to be a part of this little
group of 'Berringer Boys' that you've all had all these years!" their Dad
grinned at them.

Rick, Tom and Bill looked at each other and then Bill and Tom let out war
whoops! And went over and grabbed their Dad, hugging him between them. Rick
stood there, still a little stunned by it all. Then he finally walked over
to his Dad. His brothers let go of their Dad and made way for Rick.

"So you named me after him, huh?" Rick said quietly.

"Yes, son. I did. Actually, I named two of you after him." their Dad said
and glanced over at Jeff.  "Rick's full name was Richard Jeffrey Calder."

Rick just stood there, looking at his Dad, not able evidently to say
anything.

"If you can't deal with this, son, I'll understand." his Dad said to Rick.

Rick shook his head.

"No, Daddy. I just wished you'd done this years ago." he said softly and
then threw his arms around his Dad.

The two men, father and son, stood there hugging and then his Dad murmured
something to Rick that caused Rick to pull his head back and look at his
Dad questioningly. His Dad nodded and Rick smiled. Rick then let go of his
Dad and walked over to where we were standing. Without saying a word, he
took Tim in his arms and kissed his brother deeply and passionately. Tim
was so shocked at first that he didn't even react! Then he threw his arms
around Rick's neck and kissed him back. Rick murmured something to Tim and
they went off down the hall, heading towards the bedrooms of the cabin.

Tom and Bill looked at their Dad, their faces full of questions. Their Dad
put his arms around them.

"It's okay, boys. Your brothers have something that they've needed to work
out for a long time now. It's time they did and we need to give them the
chance. But there's five of us here and I think we can have a helluva good
time!" he laughed.

And that's what we did! Bill and Tom got to be fucked by their Dad and to
fuck him as well.  Later, after we all grilled the steaks that their Dad
had gone to the store for, all seven of us ended up on those mattresses
together and at one point, Tim was finally getting double fucked by his Dad
and Rick. Life on the Berringer Ranch was never, ever going to be the same
again!

Jeff and I had to leave after a couple of days to get him back to Camp
Pendleton. It was with great sadness but deep fulfillment that Jeff said
good-bye to his brothers and his Dad. All the way back to California, Jeff
and I talked about what a wonderful time we'd had, all things considered
and how we intended to go back more often and next time, maybe, bring Dad
and Rusty with us.

A few months after we got back, I heard from Tim. He and Rick were finally
able to tell each other that they loved each other and were making love as
frequently as they could. Tim, in the mean time, had moved back home to the
Ranch and he and his Dad continued to be father and son, fuck-buddies and
lovers all rolled into one! Tim was about as happy as Jeff and I were for
him. He also mentioned that Rick had found his boys, Tom's sons and Bill's
as well, down at the old swimming hole, during a family picnic, pissing on
each other and sucking each other's cocks!  So it looks like the next
generation of 'Berringer Boys' were headed in the 'right direction'!

The End of Chapter Eighteen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Fri, 20 Feb 2004 21:07:13 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 16

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Sixteen - Brotherly Love Times Five

The next morning, being Saturday, we all got up early. We had things to
gather before we headed up to the cabin. Tim put a huge cooler in the back
of his truck for later and we headed for the local liquor store. Tim
explained on these weekends, it was the responsibility of all the brothers
to bring something. The married brothers supplied all the food, which their
wives cooked. Tim being the only 'unmarried' other than Jeff, supplied the
booze, beer and ice usually. This time, Jeff and I would be supplying the
booze and beer with Tim bringing the ice.

We picked two half gallon bottles of Wild Turkey and Tim picked up six
cases of beer. I thought this was a little excessive but Tim said that what
we didn't drink, would be split up between the brothers to take home. I did
get the feeling that this would be quite a wild weekend with all that
booze. I guess this was the married brother's only chance to 'let their
hair down', away from wives and rug-rats. Jeff and I weren't big drinkers
but this was something that Jeff was used to with his brothers.

Our last stop, just outside of town, was to pick up ten pounds of ice which
Tim put into the big cooler in the back of the pickup and headed on up to
the cabin. We didn't have much with us in the way of clothing because we
weren't going to need it according to Tim and Jeff. It seems this weekend
was not only 'all boy' - it was 'all naked boy' as well!

The cabin was up in some hills, surrounded by trees and up a very steep
road which I would have hated to negotiate in the winter! It was totally
private and could not be seen from the road. There was a large, locked gate
at the entrance to the road with 'No Trespassing' signs clearly posted.
Tim stopped the truck outside the gate and got out and unlocked it while
Jeff pulled the truck through, and then Tim re-locked it before climbing
back up into the truck to drive up to the cabin. When we arrived at the
cabin, the others were already there. You could tell by the three pickup
trucks in the yard in front of the cabin. All of them, like Tim's with four
wheel drive.  With that steep road, I could well see why!

Rick was out on the porch when we arrived. He was naked and walked down to
the truck to welcome us. I could see that, even married, he still had a
good, hard body with nicely bulging muscles. But the nicest muscle of all
was the uncut one hanging between his legs! It seemed like all the
Berringer Boys had lucked out in the cock size department! I thought to
myself 'Ain't genetics wonderful!?'.

"Welcome to the Berringer Boy's Hideout!" Rick laughed as he opened the
door for me. "We only got two rules around here: one - no clothes and two -
whatever happens here, stays here!"

This I supposed was for my benefit as the only outsider. I later learned I
was the ONLY outsider that had ever been invited to spend time at the cabin
while 'The Boys' were there. All of them spent time here with their
families on different weekends during the year but when it was a 'Boys
Only' weekend, no wives or children dared to violate the 'sanctity' of the
environs. It also had to be a life and death emergency for them to even
call the cabin during those times.

I asked Rick how often these weekends happened and his answer was, "Not
often enough!" and then he laughed. I got the feeling that they were all
really glad that Jeff had come home, not just to see him, but to give them
an excuse for another 'Boys Weekend'. The addition of me - new meat -
probably had something to do with it, too.

We went into the cabin and, even though it was morning, as soon as the beer
was brought in, Rick, Tom, Bill and Tim all grabbed one. I was a little
surprised that the drinking was getting started quite that early. I
wandered into the kitchen and found a pot of coffee and had a cup. I was
about to get one for Jeff as well when Rick walked in.

"It's a little early in the day for Jeff and me to start drinking." I said
to Rick as explanation for the coffee.

"To tell you the truth, it is for us, too." Rick said quietly. "It's just
that you bein' here has made particularly Bill and Tom a little nervous."

"Why?" I asked, surprised at this.

"Well...you see...nobody's ever come up here with us before but just us
five. To be perfectly honest with you, except for Tim, none of us has ever
had sex with another guy other than one of us." Rick explained.

"Oh, shit! Why didn't somebody tell me! I could have stayed in town or with
your Dad." I said.

"No! Please! I didn't tell you that to make you feel unwelcome! Frankly, we
ain't been able to talk about nothin' else since you got here! It ain't
that we don't want to, it's that we're all a might nervous about it. Can
you understand that?" Rick asked.

I looked into his eyes and I realized that, even though he wasn't saying
so, he was just as nervous as he brothers. But I could also see real hunger
in his eyes! He wanted me and he wanted me bad!  I gently smiled at him and
then wrapped my arms around his neck. I pulled his face to mine and kissed
him passionately. At first he was somewhat resistant. I guess none of the
brothers had ever kissed each other after all! But he rapidly got into it -
VERY into it because I soon felt his hard cock pressed against mine.

"Fuck!" he breathed quietly when I pulled back from his mouth, keeping my
arms around his neck.

"I know, the Berringer Boys don't kiss." I murmured.

"I think that's about to change!" he grinned and pushed his mouth down on
mine for another.

His hand started moving up and down my body, feeling my muscles and
especially my butt.

"You're breakin' the rules!" he said. "You ain't naked."

"Hmm? What's the penalty for that?" I smiled.

"I think I'm gonna have to fuck you." he murmured, moving over and licking
out my ear.

I groaned at the feelings as I felt him pushing my cut-off's down. I pulled
back from him and whipped off my t-shirt and jock so that I was then as
naked as he was. His eyes raked up and down my body, the hunger in them
unmistakable.

"Fuck! I'll say this for Jeff, he sure does have good taste!" he grinned.

"Gee! And I always thought that it was me who had good taste!" I
smiled. "I'm glad I never met all of you together before! I don't now which
one I would have chosen, you're all so damned good-looking!"

Then I saw the other 'genetic' influence among the brothers - Rick blushed
the 'Berringer' blush!

"So where do you want to administer my punishment? Somewhere private or
with everybody watching?" I asked.

"Oh, it has to be public!" he grinned. "You see, as the oldest, I get to
fuck you first."

"Wonderful - just so long as I get fucked by all of you! You don't know how
long I've fantasized about that! Taking on all five of you at once!" I
grinned.

"You have?!" he looked at me in shock.

"Yep! Ever since Jeff told me about the 'orgies' you guys had growing up."
I smiled. "I was an only child. I'd only wished I'd had brothers growing
up!"

"Well, Mike, as far as we're concerned, you got four of them now!" he
smiled and put his arm across my shoulders, and we walked out into the main
room of the cabin.

The furniture had already been pushed to the walls and there were four
large mattresses making a huge square in the middle of the floor. The
brothers were all standing around naked, beers in their hands, and hardons
already ready. I grinned over at Jeff who grinned back. I turned to Rick.

"How do you want me?" I asked.

"How about on your back? I wanna eat that butt of your's first." Rick said.

I got down in the middle of the mattresses and Rick got down with me. He
pushed my legs back to my chest and I held them there while he stuck his
nose in my ripe trench. I could hear him taking deep breaths of my
butt-stink as he moved his nose up and down the cleft.

"Fuck! You stink good! Damn, boy! Jeff was right! You're just as raunchy as
we are!" he said, grinning at me.

"Well, prove it, how about giving me somebody's butt to smell and eat while
it get fucked.  Somebody sit on my face!" I said.

"Hey, Tom! Get over hear and sit on his face, you're the next one to fuck
him anyway!" Rick said to his brother.

Tom came over and squatted over my face, his butt cheeks spreading giving
me a great view of his slightly furry ass trench! Hmm! A brother with a
hairy ass! First one that I've found! I pulled his ass down so that I could
enjoy all his butt-funk. He smelled ripe, sweaty and with just a bit of
ass-juice! It was a great smelling male butt! I started licking it and Tom
started moaning!

"Ahh, FUCK!" he shouted out as I locked my mouth to his anal opening and
began sucking on it and licking the wrinkly skin.

"Forgot to warn you all! He's about the best butt-eater in the world!" Jeff
laughed.

"You can fuckin' say that again!" Tom moaned as I continued to ream out his
butthole.

Rick wasn't any slouch in that department either! I relaxed my hole and his
tongue found its way inside me easily. He eagerly licked out my hole. I
knew he was thinking that my hole was loose and it would be a loose
fuck. He had no way of knowing the muscle control I had so I had a big
surprise coming his way when he finally got that rammer of his inside
me. Which was quite soon.

Rick didn't spend too much time eating my butt - he was far too eager to
fuck. I was enjoying myself, chewing on Tom's asslips and shoving my tongue
up his rapidly loosening hole. The farther I dug up his butt, the better he
tasted! Tangy, dark and very tasty! Then I felt Rick lubing my butt and
heard him lubing his cock. The next thing I felt was Rick's cock knocking
at my back door. I reached down, grabbed his hips and pulled him into me in
one long plunge. I heard his gasp of surprise! Evidently none of the
brothers had this kind of muscle control. I decided to let him know what he
was in for. Once he was completely in me, his pubic hair crushed against my
asslips, I tightened my shit-chute and squeezed his cock - hard! For which
I got the expected gasp and groan!

"Oh! FUCK!!! His hole just went from being the loosest hole I've ever
fucked to being tighter than a fucking virgin!" Rick gasped, informing the
other brothers.

"Oh, yeah! And he's got incredible muscle control over his ass!" Jeff
added, laughing.

I could tell that Jeff was taking inordinate pride in my sexual prowess. He
was delightedly bragging to his brothers. I understood. No matter how much
brothers love each other, there's still some competition between them.

"Now you fuckin' tell me!" Rick laughed. "Is he gonna let go of my cock? I
can't even pull it out of fuck him!"

Continuing to suck on Tom's ass, who continued to moan his appreciation, I
slowly released my ass muscles to allow Rick to finally start moving in my
ass. He took a couple of slow glides in and out and then rapidly began
building speed and power until his cock was slamming into my guts in a
full-out butt fuck! I wondered how long it had been since Rick fucked?
Could he have been not fucking his wife for a few days, building up for
this weekend. I figured that's exactly what he'd done because it wasn't
long and he was filling my butt with a huge load of his man- cum.

As soon as he was done, he pulled out and Tom got off my face and slammed
his cock up my ass.  Of course, he was incredibly horny, having just
watched his brother fuck me while I ate his ass.

"Hey, Rick! Come here and let me clean that weapon off for you!" I said as
Tom climbed into the saddle.

Rick eagerly brought his cock to my mouth and I sucked it in, cleaning the
cum and ass juice off for him.

"Mmm! My favorite taste! Ass-flavored cum!" I groaned, releasing his
cleaned cock from my mouth and reacting to the butt-slamming I was now
taking from Tom.

Bill was next to fuck me but he was just standing there, fingering his
hardon.

"So, Bill? You gonna climb on for a ride?" I asked.

He grinned and came right over to squat on my face and let me smell and eat
his ass while brother Tom continued to slam his cock into my butt. I had
only just really started feasting on Bill's butt when Tom came, burying his
bone as far up my ass as he could reach. When he also pulled out, Bill got
off my face and got between my legs. Tom brought his cock for me to clean
as well while Bill began feeding his thick, long cock up my ass. Rick, Tom
and Bill all had about nine thick inches. Tim had about eight and a half
but none of them equaled Jeff's. Jeff claimed ten inches but now that I saw
him in comparison to his brothers, I figured it more for closer to eleven.

As Bill fucked me, taking his time and not slamming so quickly in and out
of my ass as his brothers had done, Tim came over and sat on my face,
giving me another chance to rim his succulent ass! Tim, being gay and
having more male experience had the loosest ass of any of the brothers. I
licked deep into his raunchy hole and could still taste remnants of my cum
and piss from the night before. I moaned into his ass at the tastes.

Bill was a fantastically comfortable fuck! He rode me but he didn't ride
hard, at least, not for a while. Finally, he couldn't take the slow pace
either and he was soon slamming his meat to me hard and fast! When he came,
I was sure you could hear his screams in the next county!

"FUCKIN' SHIT!!! THIS IS ASS FUCKIN'!!!!" he screamed as he blessed my hole
with his bath of 'baby batter'.

He pulled out slowly and, while Tim mounted up, he brought me his cock to
clean.

"Thanks, Cowboy!" I said softly as he put his cock where my hungry mouth
could get at it.

He smiled down at me in a kind of 'Ahh! Shucks!' way and then moved out of
the way so Jeff could sit on my face and watch Tim fuck me. I sucked on my
lover's butt tasting cum and assjuice from the night before. I'd bet it was
Tim's because it didn't taste like mine. Jeff groaned appreciatively at my
sucking his butt - something he truly enjoyed and probably would have sat
there for all day long!

Tim, in the meantime, had begun really fucking me - long-dicking me with
long, hard strokes and grunting each time his cock bottomed out in my
hole. I guess because we had played around so much yesterday and last
night, he had more 'staying power' than his brothers. So I tightened my ass
for him and he quickly began to reach his screaming orgasm.

"AHH!!! FUCK!!!" he screamed out and dumped the forth load of Berringer
brother cum in my butt.

Now it was time of the most important Berringer brother of all of them -
the one I had pledged to spend the rest of my life with. The one that I
loved more than any man in the world except my Dad, who I loved equally but
in a different way.

Jeff slowly shoved his huge cock in my cum-sloppy hole. I realized
immediately what he was up to! The boys had been a little 'quick on the
trigger' this first time and none of them had been able to spend enough
time 'in the saddle' to get me off. Jeff was gonna make me cum before he
did.  He knew all the tricks to pull to make it happen!

Rick came over and squatted down on my face since he hadn't had a chance to
get his ass eaten by me. I was going to take my time with this as well,
just as Jeff was going to take his time fucking me. Rick's ass was slightly
hairier than Tom's. They were the only two who had any hair in their cracks
and it wasn't much in either one of them. And his hole stunk so good, I
started moaning from the scent!

"I think he really likes the way you smell!" I heard Jeff tell his oldest
brother.

"Well, there's all he fuckin' wants!" Rick replied.

As Jeff began slowly fucking me, I began slowly licking Rick's entire
trench, up and down, tasting the butt funk and ass juice along with the
sweat. Rick moaned at the touch of my tongue. I began to believe that there
was another Berringer boy who was really into getting his ass licked and
sucked besides Jeff! And since Jeff was going to give me the time, I was
going to treat Rick to a real reaming with my tongue!

I sucked Rick's hole with my mouth, chewing on his ass lips as his hole
gradually opened, allowing more and more of my tongue inside. It tasted
deep inside his asshole, loving the feeling of the smooth walls that my
tongue was bathing. The taste was dark, rich and tangy. I could have lain
there all day, eating his tasty hole but Jeff was changing angles of his
cock and really pushing against my prostate. He was going to make me cum no
matter what! I figured two could play at that game and began opening wide
as his cock shoved into my ass and tightening down hard on his cock as it
tried to withdraw. It was truly as if my ass were sucking his cock!

"Fuckin' shit! Yeah, babe! Suck my cock with your hungry hole! Suck on that
meat!" Jeff moaned as he continued to fuck me.

We were both getting close. Rick realized this and got up from my face so
that now Jeff and I were looking directly at each other as he fucked me. He
leaned over and kissed me deeply - tasting the butt raunch from all four of
his brothers.

"I love you!" he murmured to me as his mouth left mine.

Then he began to scream.

"FUCK!!!! FUCKIN' YOUR ASS! CREAMIN' YOUR ASS - NOW!!!" Jeff screamed out
as he began to add to the Berringer cum already up my butt.

I, too, went over the edge as he did!

"FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME GOOD!!! YEAH! LOVER! MAKIN' ME CUM!!!" I shouted as my
load began to fly from my cock without me touching it.

The cum flew across my face, chest and abs as Jeff continued to fuck it out
of me while depositing his own load in my bowels!

Finally, there was no more. Jeff collapsed over me and I held him in my
arms as he slowly relaxed from his orgasm. His cock, which never went soft,
gradually became soft enough to begin being pushed out by my ass
muscles. Once it was, Jeff went down and, while I held my legs back, began
to suck all of the cum from my well-fucked ass. The cum of all his brothers
and himself. When he couldn't suck out any more, he rose up over me
again. I opened my mouth and then he did, allowing a mouthful of the mixed
cum of the 'Berringer Boys' to slowly slide from his mouth to mine. All of
the brothers watched this as finally Jeff's mouth came down on mine and we
exchanged a deep, passionate kiss, licking out the inside of each other's
mouths, trying to taste as much of the ass-flavored cum that we could! Then
he collapsed beside me on the mattresses, taking me into his arms and
holding me as his brothers looked on.

I noticed that there was dead silence in the room. Nobody was saying a
word. They were only standing or sitting there, looking at Jeff and I
wrapped in each other's arms. Jeff finally noticed, too, and looked back at
his brothers.

"What's up, bros?" he asked.

The brothers all were shaken out of their trance by his question and looked
at each other. Then I saw the color rising in their faces. They were
embarrassed but I couldn't understand why!

"What's the matter with you guys?" Jeff asked again.

Finally Rick looked at him.

"Jeff, that was incredible. You gotta understand, we ain't never seen two
guys make love to each other. I mean, we all have been havin' fun with each
other practically all our lives but none of us ever made love. Shit! I love
you and Tom, Bill and Tim. But I ain't never made love to anybody but
June. I didn't think two guys could do that! But I just fuckin' watched
it. And I gotta tell you, Jeff, it was beautiful. I don't know how anybody
else feels about it, but I don't know what to do with that." Rick said.

"What do you mean?" Jeff asked.

"Well...it's always been just for fun. This kind of changes things." Rick
said.

"How?" Jeff asked. "It's still all fun. The fact that Mike and I love each
other has nothing to do with that."

"No, it's not." Tom said. "It's like one of us brought our wife and shared
her with everybody."

"No it's not!" Jeff said. "Mike is NOT my wife! We don't play those
games. We're both guys.  We like having sex with other guys. We can do it
just for fun."

"I don't know, Jeff." Rick said. "It just feels strange."

"That's because it is strange. To you." Tim said. "Jeff, Mike and I had
great, fun sex yesterday. I even took them to the old swimmin' hole and we
played and pissed for each other and everything! Yeah. They love each
other. And we all love each other. Didn't we say before he got here that
Mike was gonna be just like another brother for us? That's what he wants to
be! Why can't you just treat him like he is?"

There was silence from the other brothers. They all looked at each other.

"Look, guys." I spoke up. "If this is going to screw things up for you,
then Tim can drive me back to his place and I can let you all have your
weekend together. I know how much Jeff has been looking forward to this. I
don't want to be the one to ruin it for him. Come on, Tim. Please drive me
back to your place."

And saying this I got up and started toward the kitchen where my cut offs
and t-shirt were. But I barely got off the mattress.

"Stop! Please!" this time it was Bill.

I stopped, turned and looked at him.

"Fucking you was the most exciting thing I've done in a real long time. It
was great! I loved it!  And, better yet, I like you. Yeah, you and Jeff
make love and, yeah, it's beautiful to watch. But I ain't Jeff. I just want
us to have fun like we always do and I think you can make it really fun.
What the fuck is the matter with the rest of you? Didn't you feel what I
felt?" Bill asked the rest of his brothers.

Rick and Tom looked at each other. Then Tom shrugged.

"Hey! I like havin' fun, too. And you are fun!" Tom said to me. "I don't
want you to leave either."

There was silence for a minute or so.

"No, I don't want you to leave either." Rick said. "What do you say we all
get something to eat and get to know each other?"

He smiled at me and I smiled back.

"I'd say that sounds like a great idea!" I said to Rick.

We all went and had lunch which turned out to be hamburgers on the outdoor
grill, cole slaw, potato salad, potato chips and lots more beer. I figured
I knew what the 'boys' were gearing up for - a little 'wet' fun! In the
mean time, I was getting to know them and they were getting to know
me. Soon we were all laughing as they told stories about their boyhood,
some Jeff had never told me. After a while, any difficulty they might have
had over me being there and the nature of the relationship between Jeff and
me seemed to disappear. It really did feel like I now had 5 older
brothers. Especially when Rick called for silence from all of them.

"I think we should throw Mike a 'Birthday Party'!" he announced.

At this all the brothers cheered.

"But my birthday isn't until next month!" I told them.

They all laughed at this.

"Well...ain't likely that you'll be here for it, so we ought to do it now!"
Rick said and again the brother's cheered.

Jeff, leaned over to me and whispered in my ear.

"Go along. I guarantee you're gonna love this!"

I nodded to him.

"So, we have to get the 'Birthday Boy' to the right spot! You all ready?"
he asked.

All the 'boys' assented so they led me off to a secluded patch of grass
near the pond. Rick came up to me.

"Now, for a lot of years, we've been comin' up here on each other's
birthdays. We used to do this at the swimmin' hole on the ranch before we
had the cabin so the tradition goes back aways."  Rick said and as he did,
the other brothers, Jeff included, surrounded me.

I didn't know what was coming. Rick told me to get down on my knees and I
figured I was going to get to suck all of their cocks, but they were a bit
too far away for that. Each of them was standing about three feet from
me. Then it dawned on me! All that beer! Just about that time, the first
blast of warm beer-piss hit me from behind soaking my back and running up
to soak my head and hair. At this, I was suddenly enveloped in a
'piss-storm' - five streams of hot man-piss hitting me from every
direction! It was heaven! I started drinking from each other the streams as
I was drenched by them. I turned around in a circle and managed to get a
drink from each one of them as they stood yelling encouragement at me.

"Fuck, yeah! Drink that piss!"

"Yeah, boy! Happy Birthday!"

"Here's some hot man-piss for ya!"

"Gulp it down! There's more where that came from!"

"Fuck, yeah, boy! Drink that fuckin' piss!"

I was loving every second of it and it seems that they were, too!
Occasionally somebody would 'miss' me and spray another one of the
brothers. By the time they ran out of piss, they were almost as drenched in
each other's man-piss as I was!

At this, Jeff walked up to me and put his cock in my mouth. I knew what to
do! I began sucking him, taking him all the way down my throat. When the
brothers saw that, they about went crazy!

"Fuckin' shit! He's got that whole fuckin' thing in his throat!" Bill
exclaimed.

"Hot fucking damn! I ain't never seen that! Not even in no porno film!" Tom
exclaimed.

"No wonder you fuckin' married him!" Rick yelled, laughing.

"Fuck, yeah! He's the only one's ever been able to swallow all of it!" Jeff
laughed as well.

"I hate to admit it, but he's a better cocksucker than I am!" Tim laughed.

Jeff didn't let me get him off, just sucked on him for a while. Then he
pulled out and let Tim take over. I swallowed him down to his musty, ripe
pubes as well. He fucked my face until he shot a heavy load of nut-juice
down my throat.

Next came Bill. It was obvious the order was reversed from fucking me -
youngest to oldest which meant that Rick would be the last. Bill took a bit
longer, letting me deep throat his cock and massage it with my throat
muscles.

"Fuck! Goddamn! You suck better than anybody's ever swung on my dick
before!" he murmured to me and I grinned up at him.

Well...mostly my eyes grinned, my mouth was too full of his cock. He popped
off and gave me a nice load to swallow and then it was Tom's turn. He was
almost as big as Jeff so I had no trouble swallowing his cock right down my
throat.

"Ahh, fuck! Yeah! Suck that fuckin' cock!" he moaned as he grabbed the back
of my head and began fucking my face - hard!

I groaned as he did so. I love having my face fucked and Tom seemed to be a
master of it! The only guy I knew who was better was my Dad!

Finally it was Rick's turn. There was something about Rick that I was
really starting to like. He was definitely the 'leader' of the brothers and
they all pretty much followed his lead. But he was a gentle leader who wore
leadership as a light cloak. I just knew somehow that, no matter what, if
any of the brothers were in trouble, Rick would be right there to help. In
fact, he was probably the first one any of them would call.

Rick began slowly fucking my throat, leaning back so that his eyes were
locked with mine. For someone who said that he'd never thought that two
guys could make love to each other, he was certainly giving me all the
feelings that he was doing exactly that. His hands, rather than just
holding my head, were running all over it and down to my shoulders and
arms. He was also stroking my cheeks as he looked deep into my eyes,
smiling at me. I pulled out all the stops, giving him the best blow-job I
knew how and when he finally came, groaning loudly and filling me with a
massive amount of his sweet cum, he pulled out of my mouth and then leaned
down and passionately kissed me! Something I was in no way expecting.

He pulled his mouth from mind and smiled at me sheepishly.

"I'm sorry that you did find Jeff first." he murmured quietly so that I was
the only one that could hear him.

He was referring back to my earlier statement about all the brothers being
so beautiful. But it was certainly quite an admission from Rick. Just like
he'd said earlier, I 'didn't know what to do with that!'. So I just smiled
at him. And then he winked at me as he re-joined the other brothers. They
all jumped into the pond to swim and rough-house again as Jeff came back
over to me and helped me up off my knees.

"You didn't cum!" I said to him.

"It's okay. I'll get off enough times this weekend! Don't sweat it." he
grinned. "I notice that Rick is quite taken with you!"

"Really? I hadn't noticed." I grinned.

"Liar!" Jeff laughed. "I don't quite know what to make of it."

"Me, either. He's your brother!" I said.

"Yeah, but he was a lot older than me! We were never all that close. He's
always been the 'straightest' of us." he said.

"I wonder about that." I said but didn't get to say any more because Tom
and Bill were running up and dragging Jeff and I into the water to join the
general melee!

I did notice that as we played, Rick was always somewhere around and,
anytime the opportunity arose, his hands were somewhere on me - especially
my ass. I, of course, didn't object and even started groping his cock and
butt whenever he got close. He definitely seemed to like that!  Grinning at
me the whole time. I had the feeling that what Rick would really like is to
get me alone somehow.

We finally got out of the water. It was the middle of the afternoon and
everybody's balls were drained for the time being and so were their
bladders after giving me my 'Birthday Party'. Tom, Bill and Tim lay down in
the sun to take a nap. Jeff was sitting out by the edge of the pond, his
legs in the water just soaking up the scenery. I guessed also reminiscing
about his childhood.  That's when Rick came up to me.

"Wanna take a walk in the woods with me?" he asked quietly.

"I'd love to." I said.

We walked into the woods. It was more than just a walk and I knew it. Rick
wanted me alone. It was obvious that he was leading me somewhere. He seemed
to know exactly where he was going. Evidently where was a break in the
tree-cover which allowed a small, meadow-like area covered in grass to grow
among the trees. Rick lay down in the grass and pulled me down next to
him. He put his arms around me and kissed me deeply and passionately.

"You don't want to have sex with me, do you." I said, a statement not a
question.

"I don't, huh?" he looked at me quizzically.

"No. You want to make love to me. You want to know what it's like." I said.

He looked at me, silently for a few moments then he looked away.

"Yeah." he said softly as if ashamed of his desires.

I reached up and took his chin and pulled it back to where he was once
again looking into my eyes.

"And I want to make love to you." I said.

"What about Jeff?" he asked.

"What about Jeff? I'm sure that he won't be jealous. After all, you're not
the first man other than him that I've made love to." I said.

I wasn't quite ready to tell him that he was only the second, the first
being my own Dad!

"If you were mine, I couldn't stand that." he said.

I laughed.

"Well, maybe that's why I'm not yours." I chuckled.

"So he really wouldn't mind?" he asked.

"No, he really wouldn't mind. He knows that, no matter what, I'm never
going to leave him. I love him far too much for that. You see, in that way
he trusts me." I said.

"Yeah, I guess I can see that." he said.

"So we just going to talk here?" I smiled.

"No." he said softly and kissed me again.

Our hands started roving over each other's naked body as we kissed. Rick
broke the kiss and started moving down my neck until he was sucking on one
of my tits. I was moaning and thrusting my chest up at the exquisite
feelings he was giving me. He moved up and kind of pushed against my arm
with his nose. I knew what he wanted and I raised my arm, opening my ripe
pit to him. He buried his nose in it, drinking in my scent before beginning
to use his tongue to taste my sweat and musk. He then moved over to the
other pit and did the same thing.

When he'd exhausted all the scents of my underarms, he started moving down
my body, licking at my abs and belly button until he hit my groin where he
buried his nose in my pubes, loudly snorting the scents of sweat, rut and
dried piss. He moved down between my legs and began sniffing and licking at
my raunchy ball-sack, even nibbling it with his teeth. I was laying there
groaning mindlessly! Rick may never have made love to another male before,
but he was damned good at it!

He moved down, pushing my legs up and I grabbed hold of them, pulling them
back almost to my chest, opening my well-used and ripe hole for him. He
spent a long time snorting my butt, getting all my stink before beginning
to lick my ass. This seemed to go on for hours! Rick just couldn't seem to
get enough of my ass-crack and hole. He sucked on my hole and I pushed it
open for him so that his tongue could slide deep inside me. He worked his
tongue in and out of my hole like he was fucking me, making me whimper in
desire for something thicker and longer to replace his tongue.

Finally, taking mercy on me, he rose up on his knees, spit on his cock and
started pushing it into my hole. I opened up and he slid deep inside
me. Then he leaned over me and I wrapped my legs around his waist as he
kissed me deeply while beginning to slowly fuck me. My arms were around him
and he was resting on his elbows as his hips worked his cock slowly and
smoothly in and out of my ass. I loved it! What a great fuck he was! This
is a man who knew how to make love! He pulled his mouth from mine and began
licking at my neck and shoulders, occasionally nipping me lightly with his
teeth. When he wasn't doing that, he was staring deeply into my eyes,
letting me know how much this meant to him. I was so much like making love
to Jeff that at times, I got confuse that it actually was! Then I would
come to myself and realize that Rick had the same gentle, loving way about
him that Jeff did. In the back of my mind, I wondered if there wasn't
another 'gay' brother who'd hidden out - just as I'd suspected their Dad
had.

Finally, neither one of us could take anymore! Rick's fucking began to
increase both in speed and power. His mouth captured mine and, before I
knew it, I was shooting my load between us as he unloaded his deep up my
ass with both of us screaming and moaning into each other's mouths!

When we came down from the 'high' of the orgasm, Rick collapsed on top of
me. I held him in my arms until he rolled us both over and held me, gently
stroking me as he continued to trail kisses across my throat and shoulders.

"God! That was incredible! I wish we could do it again, sometime." he said.

"That will be difficult with me being in California." I smiled.

"And with you being my little brother's lover." he smiled.

"Yes, there is that." I said.

"I don't know any other guy that would let me make love to him and I ain't
goin' out lookin'." he said.

It was then it hit me! It was Rick that Tim was in love with!

"I don't think you need to." I replied.

He looked at me funny.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"One of your brothers would love to make love to you - anytime you
wanted. He's been in love with you for a very long time." I said.

"You're shittin' me! Which one?!" he asked, startled at this revelation.

"Oh, no! That you're going to have to figure out on your own. It shouldn't
be hard for you, though!"

The End of Chapter Sixteen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2004 18:46:21 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 15

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Fifteen - Brotherly Love

The ripe scent of Tim's ass rose in my nose and I savored the scent of his
butt. It was a dark, rich masculine scent and I loved it! But I was hungry
for the taste! I began licking slowly up his hairless trench, from the back
of his balls to the small of his back. He moaned around Jeff's cock as I
did so. Then I slowly licked back down his trench until I reached his
hole. I began licking at his wrinkly opening, pushing against it until it
gave way and allowed my tongue to slip up inside him. I was tasting the
dark, tangy inside of his ass and growling deep in my throat as Tim
continued to moan at the feelings that I was causing in his ass.

"Ahh, fuck! Goddamn can you eat butt!" Tim groaned.

"Told ya, bro!" Jeff chuckled. "He's the best there is!"

"And I intend to prove that to all the Berringer boys!" I said, pulling my
face out of Tim's butt.  "But I want to get fucked! You up for that, Tim?"

"Fuck, yeah!" he said.

"How about you?" I said, looking at Jeff.

"You don't mean...?" he asked smiling.

"You bet I do! I wouldn't pass up a chance like this for anything!" I said,
grinning at my lover.

"Okay. Who's on the bottom?" Jeff asked.

"Well, since it's his first time, Tim should be." I said.

"What?!" asked Tim.

"Just lay down on your back. You'll see." I said.

Tim turned over and I saw his cock was good and hard and ready to give me
what I wanted.

"Where's the lube?" I asked.

"Drawer next to the bed." Tim said.

"I'll get it." Jeff said.

He went to the night stand and got the bottle of lube. I raised my butt and
let him grease me up, spreading my hole well with three of his fingers. He
then reached over and lubed up his brother's cock. I then moved over and
squatted over Tim's cock, letting is slide up my hole.

"Fuck! You're hole is so hot and tight!" Tim said.

"You ain't felt tight yet!" I smiled, leaning down to kiss him.

"You ready, babe?" Jeff asked.

"Yeah!" I said, pulling my mouth from Tim's but staying leaned over him.

Jeff climbed on the bed behind me, and slid his cock next to Tim's and
pressed it against my hole. Tim looked up at me, his face quizzical. I just
smiled. I felt Jeff's cock putting pressure on my hole and I pushed out
with my ass muscles to loosen me up, breathing deeply as well. Jeff pushed
and I felt him begin to slowly slide up my hole beside his brother's
cock. Tim's eyes went wide and his mouth opened but no sound came out. I
smiled at him and then groaned as the feelings of Jeff's cock moving in my
ass hit me.

"Oh, fuck! That feels so good!" I moaned.

"Holy shit! I don't fuckin' believe this!" Tim groaned as he felt Jeff's
cock sliding against his inside my ass.

When his cock was as deep as it would go, Jeff stopped allowing me to get
used to the fullness inside me.

"Fuckin' hot, ain't it, bro?!" Jeff exclaimed, looking over my shoulder and
down at his brother.

"Oh, fuck, bro! I never would have believed this if I didn't feel it for
myself!" he groaned.

"I gotta tell you - having two Berringers up my butt at the same time is
about the fullest my ass has ever been!" I groaned. "Just don't move until
I'm fully open."

"Don't worry, lover. You call the shots on this one."  Jeff said.

I felt my ass gradually relax. I kept breathing deeply and it continued to
open up, allowing a little more room for Jeff and Tim's dicks to move and
slide against each other.

"Oh, fuck, bro! I can feel your fuckin' cock rubbin' mine!" Tim groaned.

"Yeah, bro! Ain't this incredible?!" Jeff groaned back.

"You can start fucking. Just go slow." I said.

"Okay, bro. I'm gonna pull back. When I start to push back in, you pull
back." Jeff said.

Jeff slid back some and then pushed back in. As he did so, I could feel
Tim's cock begin sliding out. Tim's cock was rubbing against my prostate
and rubbing hard because of the pressure of Jeff's cock above it. I groaned
a the contact! It was one of the most incredible fucks I'd ever had!  Not
just the feeling of the two large cocks in my hole but knowing it was my
lover and his beloved brother both fucking me and fucking their cocks
against each other. It is the most intimate contact that I could have with
the two of them!

"Ahh! Fuck!" Tim moaned as I leaned down and pressed my mouth to his in a
hot, passionate kiss.

"Yeah, bro! Fuck that hole with me! Your cock feels so fuckin' good!" Jeff
moaned.

"Fuck me, guys! Fuck me HARD!" I groaned, pulling my mouth from Tim's and
looking down at him.

They were both pounding hard up my ass now. The feeling were coming so
quickly, so intensely that I was soon reaching the point of no return.

"YEAH! FUCK ME!!! FUCK MY HOLE!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" I screamed as my cock
shot line after line of hot, white cum all over Tim.

The spasming of my hole around their cocks evidently did it for them as
well because I no more started shooting my load and Tim and Jeff both
started crying out.

"FUCK!!! YEAH!!! CUMMIN'!!!" Tim screamed.

"YEAH, SHOOT IT, BRO!!! FUCK!!! I CAN FEEL YOUR CUM!!!" Jeff shouted.

I could feel there cum starting to pour from my very open hole and down
onto Tim's groin, making a mess. Somebody was going to have to clean that
up! I guess Jeff and I would do it.  After all, it was a thankless job, but
somebody had to!

I looked down at Tim and his eyes were shining up at me. He didn't need to
say that this was probably one of the most incredible orgasms he'd ever
had. It was written all over his face. I also saw him looking at me in
amazement. I don't think he expected his brother to have married somebody
so incredibly sexual. Well...what did he expect? How could someone go to
sleep practically every night in his brother's arms and NOT want to be a
willing and talented sex partner for him? At least, that's how I felt.

Jeff slowly began to pull out of my well fucked ass and when he did, I slid
off of Tim's cock. I then moved up the bed, turned around and sat my ass
down on Tim's face, allowing him to suck my just-fucked butt and taste the
mixture of my assjuices, his brothers cum and his own. What a fucking
treat! At the same time, I bent over and Jeff and I began to lick up the
same mixture which had coated his groin. We licked and sucked like little
pigs for a long while. I must say, Tim had great talent at ass-eating
himself! I love the feel of his mouth, tongue and lips on my hole!

Finally, Tim's groin was devoid of anything but Jeff and my saliva and my
ass no longer had anything to give Tim so I pulled off and lay down beside
him on the bed. Jeff got behind me and the three of us cuddled. Me, between
two brothers - brothers who looked enough alike to almost be twins! I was
in heaven!

"Oh, fuck! Bro! You've sure changed! You didn't used to be THAT good!" Tim
laughed.

"The fuck I wasn't! You just don't remember! Besides, it's the fact that
Mike is so good that's got you all forgetful! He can do that to ya!" Jeff
laughed.

"Well, I'll tell you - between the two of you, I think I finally understand
that saying - 'having your brains fucked out!' because I can't think of a
fuckin' thing right now except how good I feel!" I grinned.

Then I turned and kiss Jeff deeply, then kissed Tim the same way. Then Jeff
and Tim rose up and kissed each other over me. It was a very loving
threesome. Made more so, I think, by it being 'family'.

"I've missed you, bro. I've missed all of you." Jeff said.

"So you gotta come back more often, little brother." Tim said.

"That's not as easy as it sounds, bro. We've been so busy working and
redoing the house and Mike is still in school. He's about to go for his
Master's degree. He's trying to get through school as fast as possible."
Jeff said.

"I understand, little brother. It's just that you know it's hard for any of
us - well, except me - to come visit you. They've got kids and wives that
would have to come along." Tim said.

"Yeah, I get it. All I can tell you, is that we'll do the best we can."
Jeff said.

We spent the rest of that afternoon and most of that evening with
Tim. Finally, we called Rick and told him we were going to spend the night
at Tim's. He laughed and said that he could bet why! He offered to drive
over and bring out stuff but Jeff wouldn't put him out that way. Instead,
he drove over and picked up our things himself. This gave me time alone
with Tim. We sat in his bed, naked, talking.

"Jeff's never told me much about you all living with your Dad and his
lover. Now, I don't want to pry, but are you all just roommates?" Tim asked
me.

"Well...no. We're a lot more than that. The four of us make kind of a
'family', but more of a family like you and your brothers." I said.

Tim's eyebrows raised at this.

"You have sex with your Dad?" he asked.

"Yes, I've made love to my Dad. Now, I should explain that I never even met
my Dad or knew anything about him except that he existed and was a Marine,
until I was 18. My grandfather kept me from knowing anything about him and
kept him from ever coming to see me." I said.

"Why was that?" Tim asked.

"My grandfather is a very wealthy and powerful man. His whole desire is to
control everyone and everything around him. My Dad couldn't be 'controlled'
by anybody! My grandfather hated that about my Dad. Keeping me from my Dad
was only to punish him for getting my mother pregnant." I said.

"What a fucked up asshole, pardon me." Tim said.

"Oh, no apology needed! That's about the mildest thing I've called him!" I
smiled.

"So...uhh...what's it like to have sex with your father?" he asked.

"I really don't know. I've never had sex with Dad." I said.

Tim looked at me, his face full of confusion.

"But you said you did." Tim said.

"No. I said I made love to my Dad. There's a difference. Because of our
feelings for each other, I could no more just have sex with my Dad than I
could with Jeff. But to answer your question, it's really hard to explain
what it's like. To make love to the man that you owe your very existence
to, to have him fuck you and fill you with the same cum that helped to
create you, to taste that cum as it shoots into your mouth, it is a feeling
beyond description - both physically and emotionally. I know a lot of
people would feel that it's wrong for us to make love to each other and,
for them, it might well be. But for my Dad and me, it has created a bond of
love that is way beyond anything I've ever known in my life except for the
bond between Jeff and me." I said.

Tim sat there, avidly listening. When I finished he was very quiet.

"I'm sorry, did I gross you out?" I asked.

"No! I...uhh...I don't know how to say this. I guess I've always dreamed of
the same thing." Tim said quietly.

"You want to make love to your Dad?" I asked gently.

"Yeah...I always thought I was sick because of it." he said. "I don't think
that any of my brothers feel that way."

"Well...except for one." I said slowly.

Tim looked at me in shock.

"Jeff does?!" he exclaimed.

"Yeah. He does. I'm not 'telling tales out of school'. Just ask him. He'll
tell you." I said.

"Fuck! This is blowin' me away!" he said. "But...it'll never happen."

"Maybe not. But that's because whether it happens or not is up to your Dad,
not to you. My Dad had a lot of trouble being attracted to me, at
first. But it was different for us. He didn't know me as a baby or as a
child. He had no memories of me growing up. I wonder if he'd been able to
overcome the taboo if he had? Of course, it could make the bond even
stronger." I said.

"Really?" Tim asked.

"Yeah. I think that because of the incredibly strong protective nature of
how males nurture their children, when their sons become men, they don't
stop feeling a protective feeling toward them.  But it's hard for them to
let their son's nurture them. But when they become involved as lovers, it
changes everything. They allow their son's to nurture them as well. I
talked about what it was like to let my Dad make love to me, I should have
also told you how incredible it is to make love to him. How much it really
makes me feel like a man." I said.

"You fuck your Dad?!" Tim asked.

"Yeah. He loves it when I do! I think it gives him a tremendous feeling of
pride to see me as a man. I've never talked to him about it, but that's the
feelings that I get." I said.

Tim was quiet again.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I think that Dad is gay." Tim said quietly.

"What makes you think that?" I asked, curious after the conversation I'd
had with his Dad which led me to the same belief. I wondered how Tim came
to this conclusion.

"I can't say for sure. He's never really said anything but it's just a
feeling that I get. I've seen a lot of other guy's parents and my Mom and
Dad just don't have that type of relationship. I know that they've fucked -
after all, I've got four brothers!" he grinned and then became serious
again.  "But I don't think they've fucked for a very long time. And it
seems like they're more friends and roommates than lovers. I know that
they've had separate bedrooms for a long time now." he said.

"Well, that's not unusual in a lot of marriages." I said.

"Yeah...but Dad never talks about women. Not at all. I mean, most straight
guys talk about sex - even with their sons, especially when they're our
age. But not Dad. He even never gave us 'the talk' either." he said.

"I had a talk with your Dad today. Would it shock you to know that he knows
about you boys?  That he knew all along that you all were having sex
together and knows you do it still?" I asked.

"Fuck! You're kidding!" he exclaimed.

"No, I'm not kidding. He told me so, in so many words." I said.

"Well, fuck! If he knew, I guess that means he was okay with it?" Tim asked
me.

"He said it didn't do any harm and it certainly reduced 'sibling rivalry'!"
I grinned.

Tim laughed uproariously at that!

"It sure the fuck did! You didn't want to have a fight with a brother who
you liked fuckin' or you liked havin' him fuck you!" he laughed.

But the Tim quiet down again and got thoughtful.

"I guess that's the reason that Dad didn't seem to have much problem when I
told him about me." Tim said.

"How did your mother take it?" I asked.

"She didn't. She doesn't know. That was the only thing that Dad insisted on
- that I not tell her. I guess now it doesn't matter." he said sadly.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Well...she ain't gonna be around all that long." Tim said, looking
surprised at my question.

"What do you mean? Your Dad told Jeff and me that the doctors were still
taking a 'wait and see' attitude with her." I told him.

"Wait and see, huh? Dad told you that?" he asked.

"Yeah, just this morning." I answered.

"Yeah. That's what Dad's been tellin' everybody. Fact of the matter is, all
us boys talked to the doctors, too. Yeah...they're takin' a 'wait and see'
attitude all right! They're waitin' to see how soon she's gonna be
gone. They gave her three months at the outside." Tim said.

"Oh, my God! Jeff doesn't know that!" I said.

"No, not if he ain't talked to one of us about it. Dad's tryin' hard to
hang onto hope that somehow it won't happen, but he's just livin' in a
fool's paradise. She ain't gonna make it - that last one blew out most of
her heart. Why do you think Rick called him? He knew you all needed to get
here if Jeff was gonna see her before she died." Tim said.

"Oh, fuck! We have to tell him. He needs to know that." I said.

"Well, that's gonna truly fuck up anymore sex tonight." Tim said, giving me
a rueful smile.

"I wouldn't be too sure about that!" I said.

"You figure?" Tim asked, brightening.

"A lot of times, bad news about death causes guys to become really horny -
especially after a funeral." I said.

"You're shittin' me!" Tim exclaimed.

"No, I'm not. It's called a 'grief reaction'. Seems that it's like the
mind's rejection of our own mortality. We're driven, in the sight of death,
to do something 'life affirming' and there's nothing more 'life affirming'
than sex. It's an unconscious stab at immortality - the only kind of
immortality that humans can have - making babies. Of course, gay guys don't
have babies but the biological impulse is still there." I told him.

"Shit! You are really smart, aren't you!" Tim looked at me in amazement.

"No, I just go to college. You learn stuff like that." I said.

"Well, who's gonna tell him?" he asked.

"You're his older brother. I think it's more your job than mine. My job is
to be there for him if this hits him hard." I said.

"Yeah. I guess I can see your point." he said.

About this time, we heard Jeff come back into Tim's cottage. We got up and
met him, each of us kissing him and I took our stuff from him and put it in
the living room. Tim took Jeff and went into the kitchen. Tim was making
coffee when I walked in and he looked over at me. I raised my eyebrow in
question and he gave me a small nod. I sat down at the table next to Jeff.

"Uhh...little brother...I got somethin' to tell you." Tim said, handing
each of us a mug of coffee.

"Well, it must be bad news from the look on your face! I ain't been gone
long enough for you to steal Mike so, whatever it is, bring it on!" Jeff
smiled.

"Well...you see...Mike and me's been talkin' and I found out from him that
you talked with Dad about Mom's condition." Tim said.

"Yeah? What about it?" Jeff asked.

"Well...it's just that Dad isn't being completely honest about it...not to
himself or nobody else, neither." Tim said. "He tells anybody who'll listen
that the doctors are takin' a 'wait and see attitude'."

"Well...yeah! That's what he told us. You mean that ain't true?" Jeff
asked.

"Not exactly. You see, what they're waitin' to see is when she's
gonna...well...die. She blew out most of her heart and the doctors figure
it's only a matter of time. They give her three months at most." Tim said.

"Wait a minute! How do you know this?" Jeff asked and I could tell he
really didn't want to believe what Tim was telling him.

"We all talked to the doctors ourselves, little brother. Why do you think
Rick called you and insisted that you come?! I thought he would have told
you already! I guess he didn't want to over the phone." Tim said, excusing
his brother Rick.

"Fuck!" was all that Jeff said and then he was staring into the coffee cup
in his hand.

I reached my arm around him and he leaned his head on my chest. All of a
sudden, I felt him shaking. I quickly took the coffee out of his hands and
put it on the table and then wrapped my arms around him. He began crying
against me, softly sobbing as I wrapped my arms around his strong, muscular
shoulders. He put his arms around me and held me like I was a life raft in
a storm tossed sea. I looked over at Tim and he looked as if he was about
to cry himself but he got up and walked back into the bedroom leaving us
alone.

It took a few minutes for Jeff to get himself back under control. I
continued to hold him, even after he stopped crying. Slowly, he raised his
head and looked at me.

"I didn't want her to die!" he moaned. "I mean, we had our differences and
I don't think she'd have ever gotten used to the idea of you and me, but
that doesn't mean I don't love her!"

"I know, love. I know. I can't even begin to imagine what you're
feeling. It's not like I ever had a mother that I loved. I can only think
of how I'd feel if it was my Dad and that scares the shit out of me!" I
said.

Then Jeff kissed me. I could feel a lot of desperation in the kiss.

"Why don't you go see how Tim is doing?" I murmured.

"You be okay alone for a while?" he asked.

"Yeah. I'll be fine." I smiled.

He went into the bedroom and I could hear soft voices for a while and then
nothing. I found the stuff and fixed another pot of coffee and sat down and
drank it. I went into the living room and got into my backpack and pulled
out a book I'd brought with me by one of my favorite authors, Mercedes
Lackey. It was a one volume compilation of her "Last Herald Mage Trilogy",
one of the first fantasy novels that I'd read where the main character was
a gay male. I fell in love with the story and deeply wished that I could
write like that! It was one of those books that, when it was over, you were
so sorry because you want it to go on and on.

I sat there reading, lost in the book, and drinking coffee for a long
while. I didn't know whether Jeff and Tim were talking, making love or
sleeping but I figured that it was something they needed to do for each
other. Finally, Jeff came back into the kitchen and walked over to me as I
sat at the table reading . I could see a drop of cum trapped in the hairs
of his faint 'treasure trail'.  I pulled him closer to me and licked it
off.

"Mmm...not yours. Must be Tim's." I smiled up at him.

He smiled sheepishly at me.

"Yeah. Must be." he said. "He wants to go out to dinner."

"Well, I guess you two are hungry!" I grinned.

"You aren't jealous, are you?" he looked at me quizzically.

"Never! Just, I didn't get to have him alone!" I laughed.

"You can if you want to, you know that." he said.

"No. I want both of you but it can wait until after we eat. I'm hungry,
too." I said.

He reached down, pulled the book out of my hand, laying it face down on the
table so I didn't lose my place and then he pulled me to my feet and into
his strong, muscular arms. He kissed me deeply and passionately.

"I love you so fuckin' much! I gotta be honest. I selfishly hope that I die
before you because I wouldn't want to go on living without you." he said
softly.

"Then we'd better arrange to go together, lover, because I feel the same
way." I said, meaning every word.

"Come on. Enough talk about dyin'. Let's go eat." he said.

"Well, I'll bet the restaurant would appreciate it if we put on some
clothes first!" I smiled.

"They don't know what they're missin', not seein' you naked!" he grinned.

"We'll just have to let them guess." I chuckled.

The three of us piled into Tim's pickup truck and he took us to a local
restaurant that served just about the best bar-b-cue ribs I'd ever had in
my life! Succulent and juicy with meet that just fell off the ribs!  With
side orders of corn on the cob, cole slaw and - of course! - biscuits. Big,
hot, fluffy biscuits which Jeff and Tim taught me to eat with butter and
honey. Then home-made apple pie and ice cream for dessert! And, of course,
all washed down with several large cold pitchers of beer. We were well fed
guys when we left that place!

Instead of going home, Tim drove us out to the family ranch only not
through the front gate.  There was an old county road that ran along the
back of the property and an old gate that wasn't used so much anymore. He
got out and opened it and then closed it behind us. He drove part-way into
some woods and then we got out of the truck and went on foot. It was a very
warm night, being summer and Tim led us deep within the woods. Neither Tim
nor Jeff would tell me where we were going, however. They just said I'd see
when we got there.

Suddenly, we came to a clearing, in the middle of which was a large pond or
a small lake - hard to distinguish since I didn't know what constituted the
difference. This must be the 'swimming hole' that Jeff told me about where
they brothers first started getting into pissing on each other.  Jeff and
Tim immediately started stripping and I was right behind them. Then Jeff
and Tim dove into the water and I followed.

"FUCK!!! THAT'S COLD!!!" I screamed as I came to the surface of the water.

My lover and his older brother just laughed at me. I immediately retaliated
by splashing both of them. This immediately started a water fight which
ended with all three of us in each other's arms in the middle of the lake,
treading water and, despite the chill temperature of it, sporting hardons
that were rubbing up against each other. This, of course, brought on a
series of kisses between us, including Jeff and Tim who were not the least
bit hesitant anymore to kiss each other deeply and passionately.

"Hey! You know what the trouble with beer is?" Tim asked finally.

"No! What?" Jeff answered in a way that I could tell this was some kind of
ritual joke among the brothers.

"You don't buy it - you only rent it!" Tim replied grinning.

Oh! That's what this was about! Well, I'd certainly had enough beer that I
need a nice long piss and I figured that the time was now to do a little
're-cycling'!

"Yeah! Thank God!" I grinned at Tim.

"You need to piss, Mike?" Tim asked, a hungry look in his eyes.

"Sure as fuck do! You know a nice throat I can piss down?" I asked.

"Mine!" he exclaimed. "Let's head back to shore!"

We quickly swam back to the bank and we were no sooner on the grassy area
beyond and Tim was down on his knees and his mouth was around the head of
my hard cock, skinning back my foreskin with his lips and preparing to
drink all I had to give him. It took me a few seconds to 'shift gears' but
I was soon feeding him my hot piss and he was gulping it down like a pro!

"Ahh! Fuck, yeah! Drink my piss, man! Drink all my hot fuckin' piss!" I
moaned.

Jeff came up behind me and started licking at my neck and his hands reached
around and started playing with my nips! I loved when he did this! My
fucking nipples were so sensitive and Jeff had just the right touch to
drive me crazy!

At the same time, I could feel his hard cock pressed into the crack of my
butt. It didn't take a brain surgeon to figure out where Jeff wanted to
piss! Up my butt! I bent over slightly, giving him carte blanche to begin
sliding his fucker deep inside my guts. Since I was already wet from the
water, his entry was smooth as silk. I had learned plenty of muscle control
from Rusty by that point! Not only could I get double fucked - as I had
done with Tim and Jeff earlier, but I no longer needed much if any lube to
take Jeff deep inside my shithole. When he wanted to fuck, I just opened up
and took him in! Just like now.

Tim continued to drink down all of my hot piss as I could feel the bloating
and warmth in my guts which told me that Jeff was happily pissing up my
ass. Jeff really loved pissing in my butt because he loved fucking me in
his own hot piss. I had to admit, it was something that I loved to do to
him as well! My piss finally ran out and Tim began sucking my cock. The
feeling of his warm, wet oral cavity soon had me far closer than I wanted
to get right then. I pushed him off my cock and looked down into his face.

"Stand up." I said huskily.

He stood and I bent over so that I could get to his hard cock. I skinned
back the hood with my lips and waited for him to get his flow started. When
it came, it was a hot and hard blast of pure man-piss! It was mild, because
of all the beers he'd had but it was more than enough to satisfy my craving
for his manjuice! About that time, Jeff stopped pissing and was starting to
shove his cock in and out of my ass, fucking me in his own piss as he loved
to do. I was busy gulping down all of the heavy piss that Tim's cock was
spewing into my mouth.

Tim pissed for a long time and then I began to suck him. I decided that two
could play at his game and I soon had him frantically pushing me off his
cock to keep from cumming! I raised up, not all the way, but part way and
looked at Tim questioningly. He grinned and turned his back to me, bent
over - shoving his ass at me and looking back at me over his shoulder
grinning.

I knew what he wanted, he wanted fucked! And I was more than willing to
oblige. However, I needed to slow Jeff down. Actually, I didn't need
to. Jeff saw what was happening and stopped fucking me on his own. His cock
was buried all the way up my shit-chute, waiting for me to couple with his
brother so that he could continue. I spit on my hand and worked the saliva
into Tim's very open and hungry hole. I could feel cum up inside him so I
knew that Jeff had fucked him while they were in the bedroom alone
together. That would make things infinitely easier on him because I didn't
think he had the muscle control that I did and my cock is quite thick.

Once I had him spit-slick, Tim just backed up right onto my cock which I
held down so that it went straight into his hungry shithole. Jeff was about
to start fucking me again, but I stopped him. I suddenly found that I had
more piss up inside of me and I wanted to piss up Tim's ass and make it
nice and hot for me to fuck. Tim looked back questioningly until he felt
the heat and fullness in his bowels from my piss, which was rushing out of
my cock now and deep inside of him.

"Oh, fuck yeah! Piss up my ass!" he groaned.

I was surprised at the amount of piss I had in me, considering I'd already
dumped a big load down Tim's throat not that long ago but my kidney's must
have been working over time clearing the beer out of me - or it was Tim's
piss that I was re-cycling into his butt! Either way, my piss began to flow
out of Tim's full butt, wetting my groin and balls while flowing down Tim's
balls as well. Finally I was done and then I began to slowly fuck Tim in my
own hot piss up inside his ass while Jeff started fucking me again in my
butt filled with his hot piss.

I reached around in front of Tim, grabbed his cock and began slowly
stroking it in rhythm to my fucking him while he rested his hands on his
knees, letting me fuck his butt.

"Oh! Fuck! Yeah! Fuck my ass! Come on! Fuck me! I need it so bad!" Tim
groaned. "Fuck! I love your fuckin' fat cock!

At the same time, I was groaning at the feeling of his hot, piss-filled ass
and the feeling of my lover's cock reaming out my shithole for me!

"Yeah! Fuck! You've got a hot butt! Made for fuckin'! Come on, lover! Fuck
my ass and help me fuck this butt on your brother!" I groaned.

"You got it!" Jeff groaned in my ear. "I love fuckin' this hole of yours!
Never get tired of it!"

"My hole never get's tired of your cock, either!" I groaned back, turning
my head to look at him.

He pulled my face a little further with his hand and his mouth was planted
on mine, kissing me as he fucked me.

It was the kind of fuck that couldn't last for long! We were all three too
'hungry' to delay cumming! I think it was Tim who started cumming first.

"FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME!!!" he screamed and I could feel his cock pulsing in my
hand as he shot his load out onto the grass.

The clamping of his ass then sent me over the edge.

"YEAH!!! FUCK!!! TAKE MY CUM!!!" I screamed, creaming his piss filled guts.

Jeff couldn't hold out any longer either as my shithole clamped down around
his cock as I came.

"I'M CUMMIN', LOVER!!! I'M CUMMIN' UP YOUR ASS!!!" he shouted out and I
could feel his cock tremble inside me as he unloaded his spoonge into my
ass filled with his piss.

We stood there, coming down from the high of orgasm until finally Tim
pulled off my cock, going down to his knees in the grass, his ass spread
and ready. He knew what came next! I slowly pulled off Jeff's cock, holding
my butt muscles closed tightly and got down on my knees behind Tim, pulling
his butt cheeks open and locking my mouth around his hole as I felt Jeff
doing the same to me. Then I began sucking my piss and cum from Tim's ass
just as Jeff was sucking his cum and piss from mine.

We ate butt for a while and then both of us shared the cum and piss with
Tim and ended up in an exhausted heap there on the grass. We slept for
maybe an hour in the warm night. We awoke, put on our clothes, having now
dried off and headed back to Tim's cottage. We all slept curled up in Tim's
bed, me lying contentedly between the two brothers. We had no more playing
around that night, saving our energy for the following day and night at
brother Rick's cabin where I would finally get to take on all the Berringer
Boys - all at once!

The End of Chapter Fifteen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2004 18:45:48 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 14

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Fourteen - The Road to Bountiful

What with all the things that happened to us, Dad and Rusty coming into our
lives, buying the house together, it took much longer for us to finally
make the trip to Nebraska to visit Jeff's family than we had imagined it
would. Finally, however, word had come from Jeff's oldest brother that his
Mother had a heart attack and we had to go. Jeff got compassionate leave
for a week and we decided, since it was summer, to drive the Miata up to
his parents ranch. We had arranged, however, not to stay there. We would be
staying with Jeff's oldest brother, Rick. This was because Jeff didn't want
another repeat of what had happened the last leave he'd spent at home - the
one before we met - when his mother and he fought the whole time about him
getting 'married' and having kids.

I was excited on one hand because after all Jeff's stories about the hot,
incestuous relationship that all the brothers shared, I was hoping to end
up having sex with all of Jeff's siblings. On the other hand, I was scared
to death to have to deal with his mother - heart attack or not!

It took us two days of hard driving to reach his brother's place which was
just down the road from family ranch. Rick, who truly did look like just an
older version of Jeff, introduced us to his wife, June, who was a petite
and perky blond who was busily trying to corral their four little boys who
ranged in age from 3 to 10. I wondered to myself, if these four brothers
would follow in the family tradition? I asked Jeff about it later and he
said that, if they did, they'd certainly never have a problem from their
Dad over it!

>From there we drove over to the ranch. It was there that I finally met the
one man who was so important in my lover's life who I had never met - his
Dad. I could see that Jeff - and by extension, all the boys - drew heavily
on their father for their looks. He was a tall man but with a gentle air
about him. While Jeff went upstairs to see his Mom who was bedridden, his
Dad took me in the kitchen and we had coffee together.

"So you're Mike, huh? You and Jeff have been together, what, about four
years now?" his Dad asked.

I was shocked. I wasn't even aware that he knew I existed, much less how
long Jeff and I had been together!

"Uhh...yes, sir." I answered, wondering where this was leading.

"You know, Mike, the only thing that a parent really wants for their
children is that they be happy. I never wanted any of them to take my life
as a model. I wanted each of my boys to find what it was that they wanted
to do with their lives. From the time he was real little, there was always
something different about Jeff from his other brothers. I don't think his
Mom ever realized that. She tended to just see them as 'the boys', not
really how separate and different each of their personalities were." Jeff's
Dad said.

"Uhh...yes, sir." I managed to say, still wondering where this all was
leading.

"Now it is true, that the boys grew up with what you might call a 'special
closeness' with each other. Frankly, I saw that as a good thing. Sure cut
down on the fighting and sibling rivalry!  Some would say where it was
wrong and that I should have put a stop to it, but I just didn't see no
harm in it. Boys will be boys and, as they grow, they have needs and
desires that are hard to meet - especially in a place where there are such
few people." Jeff's Dad said.

'Holy fuck! He fucking knows!' I thought to myself.

"Sometimes those needs and desires are temporary and the boy grows out of
them. Maybe he likes to revisit his younger days sometimes, but his life
changes and he begins to look for other things. For some though, they don't
grow out of those needs. That, for them, is how life is. Jeff was like
that. I guess because of it, I worried most about him. I understood why he
had to leave, had to go out and find himself. I wasn't exactly in favor of
him goin' to the Marine Corps because I didn't think that was the place for
a boy like Jeff to find himself, but evidently, he did."  his Dad said.

"He's been very happy in the Corps." I said.

"No he ain't, Mike. He was miserable in the beginning. I could tell. I was
a Marine myself once upon a time. But he stopped being miserable about four
years ago. Suddenly, he was the happiest I'd ever known him to be since he
started growing up. I knew that something or somebody had changed
everything for him. It took a while for me to find out from Jeff who or
what it was. Like most men, he doesn't talk very easily about his
feelings. Especially not to me. But, you see, he and I are a lot alike. He
just doesn't know that." he said.

There were a lot of ways to take that statement but it sure sounded to me
like Jeff's Dad was letting me know that he was into man love as well! But
how could that be?!

"I went away to the Marine Corps. I didn't know it was to find myself. I
thought it was to defend my country in a war that was a mistake from the
get-go! A war that killed a lot of boys for nothing. A war that was lost
before it ever started. But it was in that war that I found out who I
was. I found it out, and then I ran from it! Just as hard and as fast as I
could. I came home, married the first girl that would have me and started
raising kids. I love my boys. Wouldn't trade 'em for nothin'. But if I had
it to do over again, I'm not sure I would have done the same thing."  he
admitted.

Okay, now there was no mistaking what he was talking about!

"I guess what I'm tryin' to say is that I'm really glad to get to finally
meet you. I know it was you that made the changes in my son's life. I know
it was you that's made him so happy for the last four years. I just want to
tell you how grateful I am to you for that." Jeff's Dad said to me.

"'But you don't understand." I said. "It's Jeff that's made me happy!
Happier than I've ever been in my whole life! I owe everything to him!"

"That's the way it ought to be. Both people thinkin' they got the better
end of the deal!" he smiled at me and I saw where Jeff get's his smile
from!

I didn't know what to say. Everything he'd said could have another meaning
but I didn't think so.

"You know, he loves you a lot." I said finally.

"I know. He doesn't say it, but it's not hard to see it in him. To them
what knows him, Jeff is as open as a book. You can read him real easy. But,
you know that, don't you." his Dad said.

It wasn't a question either.

"Yes. I do." I said.

"You know, that last time he was home, he and his Mom had a terrible fight
with each other. I tried to step in but did it too late. There were hurt
feelings on both sides. It's mostly his Mom's fault. I can see that. But it
don't help none. She's stubborn as an old mule! Get's an idea in her head,
and it's like pullin' a stump outa the ground to get it out of her! She's
bound and determined that all her sons were gonna marry and give her
grand-kids. I tried to tell her that it wasn't gonna happen that way with
Jeff, but she just wouldn't listen. I know that's why it's taken him so
long to come home." his Dad said.

"Well...not exactly. It's true that he harbored a lot of hurt feelings from
that visit four years ago.  But we've also gone through some major changes
in our lives over the last four years. I'm in college and there hasn't been
a lot of time or money for us to take off." I said.

I didn't want to get into the relationship between Dad and Rusty and
us. There was no way I could explain it and not have to talk about the
particulars of it, that I wasn't sure that Jeff's Dad could handle.

"Hey! That just dawned on me! That visit was four years ago. You two must
have met soon after it!" his Dad said.

"The next day, to be exact. I was on the same bus that Jeff was heading to
Camp Pendleton." I said.

"You're not in the Corps, are you?" he asked.

"No. My Dad is. He's a career non-com. I was on my way to meet him for the
first time." I said.

Jeff's Dad looked at me funny. I guessed I had better explain.

"My Dad never married my mother. She was the daughter of a very rich and
powerful man in the county where I grew up. He hated my father and it was
only joining the Marines that saved Dad from being put in jail for
'knocking up' his 'little girl'. Actually, it save Dad from a live of
complete misery. My mother is not a very nice person. In fact, thanks to
her rich 'Daddy', she's little more than a spoiled little girl. Her father,
on the other hand, is a very mean-spirited, miserly man who kept me away
from my father for 18 years. For all those 18 years, my Dad sent letter
after letter asking about me. My grandfather intercepted them all and never
allowed one to reach me. Instead, I was told how terrible my father was,
how he didn't care about me. How he never tried to contact me or find out
how I was. I had just turned 18 when I found a box containing all the
letters. I read them and then immediately ran way from there and headed to
Camp Pendleton where his last letter had been posted from. It was on the
way there, that I met Jeff." I told him.

It was funny. I never told anyone, except 'family' the real story of my
Dad, but I felt that Jeff's Dad WAS family! Not just because he was Jeff's
Dad, but because I had such good, warm feelings from him.

"That's a terrible thing to do to a boy! And to a man! What the hell kind
of a man could do that to someone - especially his own blood kin?!" Jeff's
Dad exclaimed.

"But you see, that's just the point. He didn't see me as 'kin'. I was
constantly told that I was NOT part of the 'family'. That I would never
'inherit' his wealth. Like I wanted it! My grandfather is after only two
things - money, and the power and control that money brings." I told him.

Jeff's Dad just sat there, shaking his head in amazement.

"But you did find your Dad, right? You and Jeff live with him, don't you?"
he asked.

"Yes, I did find my Dad and we do live with Dad and his friend Rusty. I
truly love my Dad and we have a great relationship. There's nothing that
Dad wouldn't do for me -or Jeff, for that matter! And there's certainly
nothing we wouldn't do for him! My Dad really loves Jeff a lot.  He's said
a number of times how much he'd like to meet you." I told him.

"Meet me?! Why?" Jeff Dad asked, somewhat shocked.

"Well, I think part of it is how Jeff talks about you - how much he loves
you. The other part I think is that Dad realizes that a lot of what a man
becomes is a reflection of the kind of man his father is. Dad and I have
discovered that we are a great deal alike, even though we didn't meet until
I was 18. We both believe that genetics plays a big role in how a man
develops. Dad's said to me a number of times that you must be one helluva
man to have produced a son like Jeff." I said.

It was at that point that I got to see another one of the 'genetic' factors
linking Jeff and his Dad.  His Dad blushed, just like Jeff! A real tremor
went through me when I saw it. I suddenly realized how incredibly
attractive Jeff's Dad was! And why!

"You tell your Dad that I feel the same way." he said quietly, almost
bashfully. "He must be one hell of a man to have produced a son like you."

Now it was my turn to blush and I could feel my face heating up! We sat
there smiling at each other, each of us lost in our own thoughts. I don't
know where else the conversation might have gone because at that point,
Jeff came downstairs from his mother's room and into the kitchen. He saw us
sitting there, both of our faces red, and he looked at me with questions
written all over his face.

"So what have you two been talking about?" Jeff asked.

"We've been talking about you. And about my Dad." I said.

"Oh?" Jeff asked, wondering, I'm sure, just what exactly I'd said about my
Dad!

"Yes, I was telling your Dad how much my Dad loves you and is always saying
how much he'd like to meet your Dad." I said.

"Oh! Yeah! That's true!" Jeff said, his voice full of relief. "He does
always say that."

"Well, who knows? Maybe I'll make it out to California one day and meet
him." Jeff's Dad said.

"Oh, Dad! That would be so great if you did!" Jeff said, but then he
stopped.

His face got this troubled look on it.

"I'm not sure if Mom would want to come out, though." he said quietly.

"I wasn't thinking about bringing your Mom. You know, son, how she hates to
travel." Jeff's Dad said.

But there was an undertone to what he said that led me to believe he didn't
want his wife to go with him to visit us either! I wondered at that.

"Mom seems to be doing okay." Jeff said.

"Well, yes, today is a good day for her." Jeff's Dad said. "But the doctors
tell me that the attack did a lot of damage. They're takin' a 'wait and
see' attitude with her."

"She still is asking me when I'm gonna get married." Jeff said quietly.

"I know, boy. Don't pay it no never-mind. I can see that you're happy and
that's all that matters.  You know how your Mom is." Jeff's Dad said.

"Yeah. Stubborn as an old mule!" Jeff said and I started laughing.

Jeff looked over at me questioningly.

"Those are the very words you Dad just said to me!" I grinned.

Jeff's Dad grinned sheepishly.

"Well...it's the truth!" his Dad said and then he and Jeff laughed as well.

"I thought we'd go visit Tom, Bill and Tim. I want Mike to meet them one at
a time before he has to deal with them in a herd up at the cabin." Jeff
said.

Jeff's Dad laughed at this.

"Yep! You boys can be a might 'overwhelming' when you're all together!" he
grinned.

Jeff grinned as well. We took our leave of his Dad. I was glad to see that
he and Jeff hugged.  What surprised me, however, was that Jeff's Dad hugged
me, too! He didn't have the body of my Dad or Jeff. It was obvious that he
had never worked out with weights but his body was hard and lean from all
the years of working the ranch. I could feel that when he hugged me. I felt
something else, however. That same feeling of warmth and love that I felt
whenever Jeff, my Dad or Rusty hugged me. That really surprised me!

Jeff drove us over to his brother Tom's house first since he lived the
furthest away. On the way, we had a chance to talk.

"Was it bad? The visit, I mean." I asked him.

"Not bad so much as weird. I don't think of Mom as 'old' - and she really
isn't, but she looked old! Old and frail. I guess a heart attack will do
that to you." Jeff said. "She kept talkin' like she was not going to live
very long. Told me of how her own mother died when she was a little girl.
Seems it was the same thing - heart attack."

"Well, unfortunately, genetics can work in bad ways, too." I said.

"Yeah. I guess so. I kept tryin' to tell her that medicine had advanced a
lot since she was a little girl but she wouldn't listen. Then she started
up on how, before she dies, she just wishes she could see me married!" Jeff
fumed.

"Babe, you are married. Just not the way she means. I had a very
interesting talk with your Dad while you were upstairs." I said.

"Yeah, I kinda figured that. What did he say?" Jeff asked.

I told him about the conversation. I told him how I got the feeling that
his father knew very well what our relationship was and that he was fine
with it. I also told him about the strange things his father had said about
when he went into the Marine Corps and went to Viet Nam and how he and Jeff
were a lot more alike than Jeff realized.

"He said that?!" Jeff exclaimed.

"Yes. Not to put words in his mouth but I just couldn't help feeling that
he was trying to tell me that he preferred men as well." I said.

Jeff didn't say anything for quite a while. I started to get worried about
what was going on in his head.

"Babe, you all right?" I asked quietly.

"Yeah. Just thinkin'. You know you learned more about Dad in half an hour
than I ever knew in my whole life." Jeff said.

"That's not unusual." I said.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well...oftentimes, it's more comfortable for someone to talk to a stranger
than to someone that they're close to. I think all your Dad was doing was
saying things to me that he wanted to say to you but couldn't bring himself
to say. He knew, I'm sure, that I would tell them to you." I said.

"Fuck! So he knew about my brothers and me all those years?!" he exclaimed.

"I don't have any doubt, from what he said." I replied.

"And you're sure he knows about us?" Jeff asked me.

"Absolutely sure. He made that clearer than anything he said. Told me how
grateful he was to me for making you happy. He even knew how long we'd been
together!" I said.

"Well, I'll be damned! Don't that beat all! I mean, I always figured that
he knew that I didn't go for women but I had no idea he knew the rest of
it!" Jeff said, shaking his head.

"I think that parents, the ones who really love their children, know a hell
of a lot more than their children ever realize. He evidently feels closest
to you - that you're more like him than any of your brothers." I said.

"That's the part that's got me thinkin'! From what you've told me, he did
everything but 'come out' to you! Is that possible - that he could be gay
and just hid it all these years?" Jeff asked.

"He wouldn't be the first man to do so. In fact, I think that there's a lot
of men like him!  Remember, when our Dads were growing up, being gay was
about the worst thing you could be!  In a lot of places, it still is. I
think a lot of guys who really preferred other guys ended up getting
married and raising children because that was what was expected of
them. Maybe they found ways of meeting those needs outside the marriage,
but a lot of them I don't think ever did. They just repressed their desires
and went on. It's really sad." I said.

"Yeah. It's more than sad. It's a fuckin' waste of life!" Jeff said
vehemently.

"Well, not a total waste. He did produce you." I smiled at him.

Jeff looked at me and gradually gave me a smile. He reached over and took
my hand in his.

"You know, I thank God every day that I found you. I guess if I hadn't, I
might have ended up just like that!" Jeff said.

"No, somehow I've got the feeling you wouldn't have." I said. "You're too
honest."

He looked at me in surprise.

"What do you mean? Too honest?" he asked.

"To live that kind of life, you have to lie to everybody - your wife, your
kids, everybody! But especially, you have to lie to yourself. A lot! I just
can't see you being able to do that!" I smiled.

"Well, you're probably right about that. I can't see me doin' all that
lyin' either." he admitted. "Is that what you think my brothers are doing?"

"No. I don't think so. Boys, all boys, go through a natural period of
sexual experimentation.  Usually with other boys. There's nothing wrong
with it. It doesn't make them gay! It's just sex, just 'fun'. It's when
they start to mature and they begin to look for other things like love and
a relationship that things begin to become different. If the boy is
straight, he's going to look for a woman's love. If the boy is gay, he's
going to start to look for a man to love. I think we've got this whole
thing of sexuality wrong. Whether you're gay or straight doesn't have
anything to do with who you have sex with or what you like to do
sexually. I believe that it's who you form strong emotional bonds with -
who you want to spend your life with - that determines whether or not
you're gay or straight. I think your Dad described your brothers pretty
well when he said that maybe a man likes to revisit being a boy sometimes."
I said.

"You know, it does feel like that when we get together, my brothers and
me. It's not like we're men but like boys together again. It's like those
days before we all grew up. I guess Dad knows a helluva lot more than I
ever gave him credit for!" Jeff said, amazement in his voice.

"I think sons often underestimate their fathers!" I laughed. "Mark Twain
said that when he was 18 years old, his father was the dumbest man on earth
but when he turned 21, he couldn't believe how much his father had learned
in three years!"

Jeff laughed at this as well.

We spent a short time with both Tom and Bill, the two middle brothers, and
their families. Both men were married and we got to meet their wives. They
also had children. Tom had three and Bill had two. What I noticed
especially was the fact that all the children that Jeff's three brothers
had were boys! No girls! Their male genes were definitely 'strong' ones!
Again, these men were really 'older versions' of Jeff. The family
resemblance was astonishing! As Jeff had said to me one time, you could
certainly tell that they all came from the same 'litter'!

I also noticed that Tom and Bill kept watching me with a shy curiosity. I
guess they were trying to figure out what made their brother fall in love
with me. I also noticed that feeling of being 'mentally undressed' by both
of them when Jeff first introduced us. Oh, yes! The trip to brother Rick's
cabin tomorrow was going to be a very interesting experience!

We spent the most time with Tim, Jeff's next oldest brother and the one
that Jeff always told me he was closest to. Tim was also the only one who
had not gotten married. Though he was engaged when Jeff and I met, he and
the girl had broken up and Tim had not yet gotten engaged again.

Tim was living in a small cottage in town as he worked at a local feed and
grain store. We met up with him about four o'clock in the afternoon after
he got off work. Tim, unlike his older brothers, wasn't the least bit shy
around me!

"So, you're the guy my little brother fell in love with, huh?" he grinned
upon meeting me. "I've been wondering what you looked like! Can't say as
how I blame Jeff in the least!"

I was somewhat shocked at his openness and I think Jeff was, too!

"Uhh...thank you...I think?" I replied, not really know what to say!

I was also blushing at the apparent compliment!

"Shit, yeah! You are one fine lookin' guy! But then, my little brother is
quite a hunk himself! It just figures he'd find somebody that was real easy
on the eyes!" Tim laughed.

I looked at Jeff and he just shrugged. Seems that this was entirely new to
him, too!

"Ahh, Tim...who you datin' now?" Jeff asked.

"Nobody! I'm free, white and over 21! And I intend to stay that way!
Well...unless there's anymore like you at home!" Tim said, looking right at
me!

The shocked look on my face must have been priceless because the one on
Jeff's sure was! His brother had just, for all intents and purposes, 'come
out' to us.

"Uhh, bro. Are you tryin' to tell us somethin' here?" Jeff asked,
hesitantly.

"Come on, little brother! Can't you figure it out? Okay, I'll say it plain
so you can understand. I found out that I like guys better than I like
women. In fact, a whole helluva lot better! I'm as gay as you are, little
brother!" Tim laughed.

"Do Rick, Tom and Bill know?" I asked him.

"Sure as shit do! And Dad does, too! I done told them last year." Tim said.

"So why didn't you ever tell me?" Jeff asked, and I could hear hurt in his
voice.

"I kept waitin' for you to come home, little brother! Didn't want to tell
you over the fuckin' phone! Besides, I wanted to meet Mike here! I wanted
to see how well you'd done for yourself.  And I must say, you done mighty
fine! Mighty fine, indeed!" Tim said, raking me up and down with eyes that
said he'd love to get into my pants.

Again, I was blushing furiously. Jeff, on the other hand, was laughing at
this!

"You are gonna come up to the cabin with us tomorrow, ain't ya?" Jeff asked
him.

"I wouldn't miss it for the world! I take it you know what goes on up at
the cabin when all us Berringer boys get together?" Tim asked me.

"I sure as shit do!" I grinned, echoing his words. "It was the reason I
wanted to come with Jeff!"

"Oh? To keep him on a tight leash?" Tim asked, obviously concerned that I
might not approve of the brother's little orgy.

"Are you kidding?!" I exclaimed. "I want to see what it's like to get
fucked by all the Berringer brothers!"

"YEE HAW!!!" Tim let out a whoop! "Now that's all I wanted to hear!"

Jeff and I both laughed.

"He's a good fuck, too, bro!" Jeff assured Tim.

"Well, not that I don't trust your word, little brother, but, I think I'll
just have to get him up my tail and find out for myself!" Tim said
seductively. "Uhh...what about..ahh...other things?"

"Oh, you mean like do I love a man when he's ripe and funky smelling and do
I love to suck ass and drink piss - stuff like that?" I smiled my most
provocative smile at Tim.

"Holy Shit, Bro! You done hit the Mother Load!" Tim exclaimed.

Jeff put his arm around me and pulled me to him.

"Shit, bro! You don't think I'd go and get tied to him if he wasn't, did
you?!" Jeff grinned, his pride in me so obvious.

"Just so long as you share! You know that's the rules!" Tim laughed.

"Oh, we share! We share a lot!" Jeff laughed. "But don't even think about
tryin' to keep him!  He's mine!"

"Damn! You got all the luck! I can't find nobody that likes that kind of
stuff and looks anywhere near as good as he does!" Tim said, never taking
his eyes from me. "Fuck! I ain't had nothin' but one fuckin' blow job since
the last time me and Tom, Bill and Rick got together up at the cabin and
that was more'n six months ago! And that was through a glory-hole at the
truckstop out on the interstate!"

"Well, we can't have that!" I smiled and walked over to Tim. "Can't have
all that cum backin' up in your balls like that! Really bad for ya!"

And with that, I slipped my arms around Tim's neck, pulling him down into a
deep and passionate kiss. At the same time, I could see Jeff starting to
strip out of his clothes. My cock was harder than hell and pressing against
Tim's that was equally hard, and seemed to be about the same size as
Jeff's.

"Can you piss through a hardon?" Tim asked quietly, pulling his mouth from
mine.

"Oh, fuck, yeah! And Jeff told me that all his brothers could, too!" I
answered, grinning.

"Fuckin' A right!" Tim grinned. "I wanna taste your piss!"

"Mmm! And I sure as fuck want to taste yours too - and your ass!" I grinned
back.

"It's nice and funky for ya! I been workin' all day!" Tim said.

"Perfect! But you've got too many clothes on!" I complained gently.

"I can fix that!" Tim said, taking his arms from around me and quickly
divesting himself of all his clothes until he was standing in front of me
naked, his hard, dripping, uncut cock pointing at the ceiling.

I was almost like looking at Jeff. In fact, as the two stood side by side,
naked, I could hardly tell them apart, except that Jeff wore his hair in a
Marine 'high and tight' and Tim wore his a lot longer. Not long, but a lot
longer than Jeff's. In fact, that's when I realized that this is what Jeff
would look like if he ever let his hair grow out. Jeff, too, was slightly
more muscular than his older brother, but not by much! I began to think
that seeing all of the brothers naked at the cabin tomorrow could be, in
his Dad's words, 'a might overwhelming'! But I sure was looking forward to
being 'overwhelmed'!

"Now who's got too many clothes on?!" Tim asked, pulling me out of my
reverie.

I quickly stripped naked and when I was, Tim let out a 'wolf whistle'.

"Man! You ought to go naked all the time!" Tim enthused.

"We usually do, bro!" Jeff laughed.

"Yeah, me, too. But it ain't as much fun when you're alone." Tim said,
wistfully, the loneliness showing in his voice.

With this, Jeff reached up and pulled his brother down into a deeply,
passionate, soulful kiss. At first Tim seemed to be taken aback by this but
quickly put his arms around Jeff and started to return the kiss with equal
ardor. It was an amazing sight! It was almost like watching Jeff making out
with himself! Two gorgeous men, sharing a moment of deep passion,
tenderness and love! It almost brought tear to my eyes to see it!

They kissed for a long time, their hands gently touching each other's
body. Not so much exploration, it seemed, as re-familiarizing themselves
with well-beloved territory. Finally they broke the kiss and just stood
there, in each other's arms, looking deep into each other's eyes. I could
have been a million miles away in that moment for they were only aware of
each other.

"I've wanted to do that for so fucking long!" Jeff told Tim.

"Ahh, fuck, little brother! Me, too! Why didn't we ever?" Tim asked.

"Scared, I guess." Jeff said.

I was astounded! They had fucked and sucked each other, eaten each other's
asses and drunk each other's piss but had never kissed! I found this
astounding! But, it seemed it was true!

"Is there room in this for one more?" I asked.

They both looked over at me, suddenly remembering that someone else was in
the room and then they both smiled sheepishly - so much alike it was like
seeing in stereo! They each put out an arm and gathered me into a three way
hug and a deep passionate kiss from each of them.

"Maybe we should just tie this one to the luggage rack and take him back
home with us!" I said to Jeff.

"Hey! There's an idea! Why don't you come home with us?! Lot's of
good-looking Marines in San Diego!" Jeff said to his brother.

"I can't do that. Shit! I got a job and everything!" Tim said.

"What? Workin' at the fuckin' feed store? What the fuck is that?! We can
find you a real job!"  Jeff said.

"No you can't. I ain't got no trainin' to be anything." Tim said quietly,
hanging his head.

"Bro, you come and we'll get you trainin' for anything you want to be!"
Jeff insisted.

"Yes, Tim. We'll do anything to help. You're family - in more ways than
one." I said.

"Well...let me think about it, okay?" he said hesitantly.

"Sure, bro. You think about it. But don't think too long. You ain't gettin'
no younger!" Jeff laughed.

"Look who's talkin'!" Tim retorted.

"Uhh, guys. We gonna fuck or talk?" I asked.

"I hope to hell we're gonna fuck, 'cause I shore want to get into your
tail!" Tim laughed.

"Then let's get at it!" I said.

Tim led us to his bedroom. Luckily there was a queen-sized bed because with
the three of us playing, we'd need the room. I slipped up behind Tim and
started running my hand over his beautiful butt! He had a very beautiful
ass - just like Jeff's. I guess that was a genetic trait among the
Berringer boys, too!

"Mmm. You wanna fuck it?" Tim asked quietly, looking over his shoulder at
me.

"Maybe later. I want to eat it first and then I'm gonna show you something
that's gonna blow your mind!" I grinned.

"That wouldn't be hard!" Tim laughed. "This is blowin' my mind already! I
didn't have any idea that Jeff had such good taste in men!"

"Thank you. Coming from one of the Berringer boys, that quite a
compliment. You gotta know that I think that Jeff and your are quite
beautiful as well."

And just like his brother, he blushed at this.

"Come on!" I said. "Get on the bed on all fours so I can eat out that ass
of yours!"

Tim followed directions, getting into position. I climbed on the bed behind
him, stopping to admire the beautiful butt in front of me. Fuck! What an
ass! Just like Jeff's!  I started licking across the cheeks, tasting the
salty sweat and the taste of Tim. Something like Jeff but different. I
covered his buns with saliva before heading for the trench. I put my hands
on the cheeks of his butt and pulled the cleft open. The ripe scent of
sweaty, musky male ass rose into my nose and my cock was instantly dripping
cock snot! Fuck! I loved the smell of a guy's butt!

At that point, Jeff moved around the bed until he was kneeling in front of
his brother, offering him his hard, dripping cock. Tim opened his mouth and
took as much of Jeff as he could. He got about three-quarters of it down
and started choking.

"Damn! Little Brother! You ain't ever been 'little' where it counts! Fuck!
I bet nobody's ever been able to get that damn thing all the way down!" Tim
said, pulling off Jeff's hard cock.

At that, Jeff and I started laughing.

"What?!" Tim asked.

"Mike takes it all! Has since the first time - and mine was only the second
cock he ever sucked in his life!" Jeff laughed.

"Fuck! You're shittin' me!" Tim said.

"Well, I guess we'll just have to prove it to you!" Jeff said. "Come here,
babe."

I moved past Tim on the bed, sliding my mouth over Jeff's cock. Tim's face
was right next to mine watching. I slide completely down on Jeff's cock,
letting it slide into my throat and burying my nose in his fragrant pubes.

"Fuckin' shit! I never thought that ANYBODY could ever take that goddamn
thing!" Tim exclaimed.

I pulled off Jeff's cock and smiled at him.

"Why do you think he keeps me around?" I grinned.

"Because he's so fuckin' in love with you, he can't see straight! I only
wish I could find someone who would look at me the way he looks at you."
Tim said softly.

"Hey! It will happen. Nobody as pretty and sweet as you is going to be
single all his life." I said.

He smiled at me.

"You go ahead and do your brother. That ass of yours smelled so good, I
just have to taste it!" I said.

I moved back to his ass, pulled the cheeks apart again and took a deep
breath of Tim's scent.

The End of Chapter Fourteen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2004 18:45:14 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 13

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Thirteen - The 'Family' Finds A Home

It was almost two weeks before Dad and Rusty called me one afternoon and
told me that they had found something that they wanted Jeff and I to take a
look at. I called Jeff at work and told him that Dad and Rusty had found
something and that they were coming over after work to take us to see
it. Jeff was obviously as excited as I was. Since that night that Dad and
Rusty had first broached the subject of us living together, I'd become much
more comfortable with the idea!  Especially the idea of us being a
'family'. Jeff was right. It was my fondest dream to be a part of a family
- especially one in which my Dad was a part! This had been my dream all of
my life and now it had come true but in ways that I would never have
dreamed!

I know a lot of people would consider the relationship between me and Dad
to be 'sick' or 'perverted' and I'd almost agree if it were based on
nothing but sex or if there was any coercion (either physical,
psychological or emotional) involved. But none of this was true! The fact
of the matter is that, just as little straight boys go through a "Oedipal"
stage, being sexually and emotionally attracted to their mothers, little
gay boys go through the same stage but the object of their lust and
affection is that most important male in their life - Daddy. And just as it
is said that little girls often 'marry their fathers' and little boys
'marry their mothers' - each finding mates with the same traits or values
of the adored parent, so do little gay boys often seek out men like their
fathers.

In my case, because my Dad was not part of my life until I was grown, I had
no way of going through these stages, except in fantasy. I constantly
fantasized what my 'Daddy' would be like, how big, how strong, how manly!
Little did I know that my fantasy was so close to the reality of him! And
yet not close at all. I could not imagine the incredible love that he would
feel for me - and show to me! The fact that I was gay and he was, above all
else, an incredibly physically attractive and masculine male made it an
almost foregone conclusion that I would be physically attracted to
him. And, I guess because we had no prior history or relationship, Dad did
not see me as just his son. He had no pictures of me in his mind as a
screaming baby or a toddler. No memories of my 'growing up' years. When Dad
saw me for the first time I was 18 and a well- developed young male - a
male at the peak of his sexual prowess and attractiveness to some. As a gay
male, it would have been ludicrous not to expect Dad to find me sexually
attractive! After all, I heavily favored him. It would almost be like
having sex with his younger self!

The taboo against father/son incest has to do, first of all, with the heavy
emotional/psychological tole that is experienced by the boy if he feels
'overpowered' or 'forced' into sexual relations with the father. Let me
quickly say that this was definitely NOT the case with Dad and me! Indeed,
had it not happened, I'm the one who probably would have 'forced' or
'coerced' it! The other reason for the taboo is the 'breakdown' of
'authority' within the family when 'Parent' becomes 'Lover'. Since Dad had
never been a 'Parent' to me and, even now, really reacted as much as an
older, protective friend and lover than as a 'Parent', this so-called
'breakdown' just didn't apply to our relationship. I loved my Dad. More
importantly, I respected my Dad for who and what he was. The fact that he
was incredible sex did not diminish these feelings but actually enhanced
them.

Add to this that Dad was, himself gay and, therefore, could not only fully
understand my feelings for him, for Jeff and for Rusty, but could be a rich
source of support for me in the expression of those feelings. To me, the
relationship that I had with Dad - emotionally, physically and
psychologically - was the best thing that ever happened in my life!
Well...other than finding Jeff!

Jeff had been home for a little while when Dad and Rusty got there. I tried
to get them to tell me something about what they had found but neither
would give us any information.

"We don't want to spoil it for you, son, or for you, Jeff. We want you both
to see it first." Dad said.

Dad and Rusty drove in Dad's truck and we followed in my Miata with Jeff
driving. What I didn't understand, however, was where we were going. Dad
and Rusty drove into an older residential neighborhood filled with rather
good sized homes in the style of the ones that Frank Lloyd Wright built so
many of in California - two stories with large front porches and most with
detached garages behind. The neighborhood was filled with trees and
foliage, indicating these homes had been here for a long time, some perhaps
for several generations. I noticed that all of the homes had a well-kept
look about them with manicured yards and many with seemingly new paint
jobs.

At first I figured that the apartment building must be at the edge of the
neighborhood but, instead, Dad and Rusty drove into the drive way of one of
the larger homes which had a 'For Sale' sign in front of it. Jeff
maneuvered the car into the drive way beside them - it was plenty wide
enough for two cars and I could see that the garage behind was made for
four cars with four garage doors.  It was also two stories and appeared to
have an apartment above the garages. I figured this was what Dad and Rusty
had found but I didn't see how the garage apartment could be big enough for
the four of us - and would the new owners want to rent to us?

"Dad, do you think that apartment is big enough?" I called to him as we all
got out of our vehicles in the driveway.

"Big enough for what, son?" Dad asked, grinning.

"Well...for the four of us." I said.

Like, duh! Dad!

"Oh, fuck no! That would make a great apartment either for one person or
two people very much in love. Way too small for the four of us." he
grinned.

"Well, why are we here then?" I asked, thoroughly confused by now.

"Because of this!" Dad said, sweeping his arm toward the house.

"Dad, this is a house! Not an apartment!" I insisted.

"Well, you don't need glasses." Dad laughed and Rusty joined him. "It's the
house we wanted you both to see."

"But, Dad! This place is for sale! Not for rent!" I said.

"Well...I'll tell you about that, son. Rusty and I have been talking this
over and, you see, renting is just putting your money in somebody else's
pocket. Basically, flushing it down the toilet. The best thing is to
own. It's less expensive and you have an investment. So, we decided that it
would be better if we all bought a place, rather than just rent one." Dad
said.

I looked at Jeff, begging him with my eyes to say something.

"Uhh...you're right. But we don't have any money to buy a house." Jeff told
Dad.

"You don't need any. Rusty and I have enough money put away to take care of
the down payment. Then we'll all split the mortgage payments and the
maintenance and upkeep." Dad said.

"But, Dad! Houses cost a LOT of money!" I said.

"Well, actually this one doesn't. You see, it's the home of the first
Colonel I ever served under in his regiment. He passed away a couple of
years ago and his widow can't keep the house up herself. They didn't have
any children and she wants to move into a small retirement community so
she's very willing to let us have the house at a really good price. She'd
rather see it go to a Marine or, rather, Marines, than anybody." Dad said.

Rusty quoted us a price that was so unbelievably low for a house this size
I could hardly believe it!

"Now, we should tell you, the house has not had the care an maintenance
that it should have had since her husband died, but we think it is
basically sound. We'll have inspectors out here to make sure but we really
don't expect any nasty surprises." Rusty said.

"But this is WAY more than we ever expected!" I said and Jeff nodded
agreement with me.

"Well...yeah. I know that son, but, you see, if we're gonna be a family,
then a family needs a home. And this is a great home!" Dad said. "We
couldn't find a deal like this again in 100 years!  Come on, let me show
you around it!"

We went up the steps of the house and Dad rang the bell. Beautiful chimes
rang out and the door was opened by a small, elderly woman who smiled when
she saw my Dad and Rusty.

"Well, welcome back, Sergeants! I see you brought the boys with you!" she
said.

"Yes, ma'am. This here's my son, Mike. He's studying at the local college
and this is his friend, Jeff, who you can see is in the Corps as well." Dad
said. "Boys, this is Mrs. Anderson."

"Pleased to meet you, ma'am." Jeff said.

"Yes, it's very nice to meet you, Mrs. Anderson." I said.

"Well, you boys come on in. I guess you want to show them the house, Mike?"
she asked Dad.

"Yes, ma'am." Dad said.

"Well, you go on and do that. And while you're at it, I'll fix some
coffee." Mrs. Anderson said.

"Please don't go to any trouble on our account, Ma'am." Rusty said.

"It's no trouble at all! It brings back old times when the officers and men
under my husbands command would come and visit." she said and I could see
her eyes somewhat mist over in memories.

"Where should we start?" Dad asked.

"Oh, start anywhere you like." Mrs. Anderson said as she walked down the
hall, evidently towards the kitchen.

"Well, let's start upstairs with the bedrooms." Dad said, starting to climb
the stair with Rusty right behind him.

The upstairs was divided into four bedrooms opening on a common hallway. At
the end of the hall way was a large bathroom with a huge, claw-foot tub. I
guess my eyes got as big as saucers when I saw it because Dad chuckled.

"Yeah, I bet I know what you're thinkin' about that!" he grinned.

"You got that right!" I grinned back. I could just see the piss play that
could go on in something so large.

Hell! It was big enough for Jeff and I to take a bath in it together!

The bedrooms were good sized as well.

"I was thinkin' that we could take the two on this side and knock out the
wall between them and make one large bedroom for the four of us. We could
figure out later what to do with the other two - maybe guest rooms or maybe
an office/den for you to do your studying in." Dad said to me.

I nodded and then Dad led us back downstairs. This time, he took a small
doorway under the stairs and opened it. We went down a staircase and
entered a large, unfinished basement under the house. There was a washer
and dryer as well as a large stationary tub down there but there was a lot
of unused space beyond the laundry area. Dad showed us a doorway that had a
small room with just a toilet in it. There was also a shower against the
wall outside the toilet.

"I figured we could expand that shower to make it big enough for...oh, say,
five or six guys?"  Dad grinned.

"You planning on parties?" I laughed.

"Well, hell yes! Once we get this basement finished and turned into a large
'family room', you might say." Dad grinned.

I liked the way Dad thought!

We went back upstairs. Dad showed us on the main floor that there were a
large living room and large study/library and across a the large cental
hall/foyer, a formal dining room with a very large kitchen beyond.  We
found Mrs. Anderson with coffee set up there on a large, farm-style table.

"Oh! Wow! This kitchen is huge! That's great!" I enthused.

Finally a kitchen like I was used to cooking in. I was in love with this
house!

"Do you cook, Mike?" Mrs. Anderson asked me.

"Yes, ma'am. I love to cook." I said.

"And he's really a good one!" Dad said and Rusty nodded his ascent.

"I should be! I was trained by some very good professionals!" I said.

"Oh, did you go to school for it?" Mrs. Anderson asked.

"No, ma'am. I grew up with it." I said.

Dad explained how I was raised by my mother and wealthy grandfather,
leaving out what those two disgusting people had done to me and my Dad,
keeping us apart and giving me no love.

"I learned from my grandfather's cooks. They were really excellent and they
trained me well." I said.

"Well, it's a good thing that one of you can cook!" Mrs. Anderson
smiled. "I know all too well how Marines can eat! But I've met very few of
them that could cook worth a damn! Unless they were Marine chefs, that is."

"Did you show them the verandas, Sergeant?" Mrs. Anderson asked Dad.

"No, ma'am. I was going to show them the one here." Dad said.

There were french door in the kitchen leading out to a large, screen
enclosed veranda with a table large enough to sit four adults making it an
outdoor dining room.

"The Colonel and I used to love to have breakfast out here and dinner in
the nice weather as well." Mrs. Anderson told us. "There's another smaller
veranda off the study where we would have drinks before dinner or,
sometimes, afternoon tea. The Colonel was stationed in London for several
years at the Embassy there. We got quite used to having afternoon tea."

"You've led an extraordinary life." I said to her.

"Well, that happens when you fall in love with a Marine! They can be
stationed almost anywhere on the globe. I was lucky that we didn't have any
children because, except for when he was at war, I could go with him on his
many postings." she said.

"The Colonel saw action, ma'am?" I asked.

"Oh, yes! In Viet Nam, when he was a young second lieutenant, Grenada and
in Operation Desert Storm." she said.

"You must have been very worried for him during those times." I said
quietly, thinking how I would feel if Jeff was at war.

"Oh, my! Yes! Even though he wasn't in the fighting itself, it was still
very worrying. But that's part of loving a Marine as well. You must never
forget that they are Warriors. Reluctant warriors.  I've never know men
more dedicated to peace than the Marines I've known." Mrs. Anderson said.

"That's because we really know the horror of war, ma'am. We know it's
something to be avoided, except as a last resort. Unfortunately,
politicians don't understand that and the Marines have been called on too
many times in our history to go and shed their life's blood in useless
battles and skirmishes." Rusty said, quietly.

"That's how the Colonel felt about Viet Nam, Sergeant. In fact, your words
were almost a direct quote of his - except you left out several colorful
expletives!" she smiled.

"The Colonel was a great man and a great commander, ma'am." Dad said. "It
was truly an honor to serve under him."

Mrs. Anderson smiled at Dad and put her hand on his arm.

"That's why I know he would have loved for you all to have this house. This
is a 'Marine Corps' house and should house Marines!" she said.

"Well, what do you think, boys?" Dad said, smiling at us.

"It's not really our decision, sir." Jeff said.

"Yes, it is. We're all going to live here and we're going to own this
together. It is as much as your and my son's decision as it is Rusty and
mine." Dad informed him.

"Then, I think it is a wonderful house and I would love to live here!" Jeff
said, grinning.

"Me, too, Dad! It is the perfect home!" I said.

"Well, Mrs. Anderson, there's your answer. You'd better think about packing
because you just sold your house!" Dad said grinning at the widow.

"Oh, that does make me so happy! I wanted the house to go to someone who
would love it the way the Colonel and I did! And, the fact that you are
Marines makes it just perfect!" she said, her eyes lighting up.

"So, let's celebrate! The coffee's ready and I have a surprise for you!"
she said heading back into the kitchen.

We all followed her where she set the coffee in a thermal pot on the table
and then brought out a large cake covered with white icing and coconut.

"I baked this today and didn't quite know why! It was the Colonel's
favorite, Coconut-Lemon Cake. I hope you like it!" she said, setting the
cake on the table.

"It looks beyond delicious!" Rusty said, smiling.

And it turned out to be! It was one of the most delicious cakes I'd ever
tasted. Each of us loved it and I even got Mrs. Anderson to give me her
recipe for it!

It took about 60 days to close and get all the paperwork done on the
house. Because she was all alone, we ended up helping to pack up
Mrs. Anderson so that she could move. There was so much that she couldn't
take with her and so Rusty 'drafted' some of his company to help us hold a
'garage' or 'tag' sale (as they say in California). Mrs. Anderson made
almost a thousand dollars from that! She insisted on having all of the
Marines who had helped with the sale stay to dinner.  It was a grand day
and we all had fun.

At the closing, all four of us signed as the new 'owners' of the house
while Mrs. Anderson looked on. Afterwards we all went out to lunch together
to a nice restaurant. It was while we were having lunch that Mrs. Anderson
shocked us all.

"We didn't have any children, but that didn't mean that the house wasn't
full of love. It was. I loved my husband and he loved me. I know he
wouldn't have understood it, but I can see a lot of love between you
boys. The same kind of love that the Colonel and I had for so many
years. I'm glad that the house will continue to be filled with that love."
she said.

The four of us looked at one another. I didn't know what to say! I decided
that maybe it was up to Dad or Rusty to say something. But they didn't. It
surprised me, and I'm not really sure why I was, but it was Jeff that
answered her.

"There will be enough love to fill the house and surround anyone who comes
there. I think I can speak for all of us when I say that I hope you'll be
one of the people who does." Jeff said.

"Yes, ma'am. We do hope that you'll come and visit us." Dad said and we all
nodded agreement.

"I'd like that! I find I miss terribly all the young Marines around me. You
know, it's funny, I know that my husband was a tough, no-nonsense man. And
yet, it seemed that whenever a young Marine - officer or enlisted man - was
in trouble and needed someone to talk to, it was always the Colonel that
they turned to." she said.

"Well, ma'am...Marines above all respect toughness. Especially when it's
coupled with fairness.  >From what I knew of your husband, he had both in
abundance." Rusty said.

"That's right, ma'am. You know your husband had a nick-name, 'TA'." Dad
said.

"Oh, yes! I knew about it. The Colonel did, too, though he never let on."
Mrs. Anderson said.

"Did you know what it stood for?" Dad asked.

"Well, I knew it was more than his initials, Thomas Anderson, but I never
tried to find out what it meant for fear that it might be a little
embarrassing." she smiled.

"There was nothing embarrassing about it, ma'am. It stood for 'Total
Aggression'. When your husband encountered an obstacle, whether on the
field of battle on in the bureaucracy of the military, that's how he
attacked it - with Total Aggression! Many the young Marine who owed your
husband for getting them out of jams, getting them home to a wife about to
give birth or any number of things. Tough, yes ma'am! He was tough. But the
men saw that he was just as tough on himself as he was on them." Dad said.

By the time that he'd said this, I could see tears welling up in
Mrs. Anderson's eyes.

"I remember how many sleepless nights he would spend, worrying about his
men. Trying to find solutions to problems that they had brought him or even
the problems that they, themselves, had caused within the command. He tried
very hard never to lose a Marine - either on the battlefield or from the
Corps. He loved the Marine Corps. I never, ever wanted to know whether he
loved me or the Corps better! I was afraid of the answer!" and at this she
smiled. "But if your husband is going to have a 'mistress', the Marine
Corps is about the best I think you can hope for."

I smiled at this, having both a career Marine for a father and a lover who
served the Corps as well.

We finished lunch and then went to the house. Because her apartment was so
small, and most of the furnishings for the house were massive pieces,
Mrs. Anderson had given us as much of the furniture downstairs as we
wanted. She took the bedroom set from her and her former husband's bedroom
but the one of the other bedrooms upstairs had been set up as a guest room
and the furniture was still there. She'd also left all of the furniture in
the study as well as a lot of the books, since they were on military
subjects and she felt that we would be more interested in them than she
would. She took the memorabilia that her husband had collected on his many
tours of duty but the desk and bookcases remained. All of the appliances,
including the washer and dryer in the basement, were still in place.

We had decided that we would go ahead with the remodeling of the basement
first, creating what would be a 'play space' for the four of us. The
opening of the bedrooms had been pushed back to the second phase of the
remodeling. But, in the mean time, we had purchased bedroom suites for the
two rooms, with king sized beds. These two suites were to be delivered that
afternoon. The delivery van arrived soon after we did and the two bedrooms
upstairs were quickly set up. I had already bought things like sheets,
pillow cases, pillows, towels and blankets for the beds and these were
waiting at the apartment.

After the bedrooms were set up, we went back to Jeff and my apartment and
within an hour, we had both Jeff and Dad's truck loaded and were moving to
the new house. I didn't realize how little 'stuff' that Jeff and I had
until we started packing. The kitchen had the most boxes but it only took
Jeff and I about two hours to pack everything we owned.

After we unloaded Dad's truck, he and Rusty took off for the base to their
barracks to collect their things. Everything that they owned fit into one
truck. So we were all quickly moved into the house. While they were getting
their things, Jeff and I moved ours in, unpacked (which took less time than
to pack) and then headed to the grocery store to pick up something special
for dinner that night. I did a standing rib roast to celebrate our new
home.

We also bought a couple of bottles of champagne and there was a lot of
'toasting' going on and all of us, by the end of dinner were pleasantly
relaxed and feeling no pain. In fact, it became evident quickly that what
all of us were feeling was - HORNY!

By mutual consent, we all went upstairs to Dad and Rusty's bedroom for the
'first round'. We quickly stripped and I reached over and began stroking
Rusty's hard cock. He reached for me and we ended up on the bed in a
sixty-nine - but rather than sucking each other's cocks, we were happily
smelling and eating each other's ripe buttholes. The scent of Rusty's
sweat, musk and ass juices were sending me into a sexual frenzy as I drove
my tongue deeper and deeper into his warm, ripe hole. Added to this was the
fact that Rusty's tongue, digging in my own shit-chute was setting my ass
on fire! I soon needed to be fucked and fucked HARD!

Dad and Jeff stood watching us and gently playing with each other's cocks
as Rusty and I put on quite a raunchy show for them. Finally, they moved
onto the bed, Dad in front of me and Jeff behind me. Rusty and I moved down
to where we were sucking on each other's cocks and I watched as Dad began
sliding his cock into Rusty's wet ass at the same time I could feel Jeff's
cock sliding into mine! We were all so horny from the champagne, the
excitement of the purchase of our own home and, above all, our love for
each other that it took almost no time at all for the four of us to begin
dumping our heavy loads of man-scum into willing throats and asses! I don't
even remember who went first! It was almost as if we all four came
simultaneously!

Dad pulled out of Rusty and Jeff pulled out of me. Then Dad moved behind me
and Jeff moved in front of me. They got down and sucked each other's loads
out of our asses. I watched as Jeff eagerly ate out Rusty's butt and then,
when he'd gotten as much of Dad's cum as he could draw from Rusty's
shit-hole, he locked his mouth to mine and shared the ass flavored load of
Dad's cum with me! None of us however, collapsed. We were quickly re-loaded
and ready to go again.

"Okay, before we get at it again, anybody need to piss?" Dad asked.

The three of us - Jeff, Rusty and me - all raised our hands.

"Well, I know the person who is the biggest piss-pig among us and there's a
tub down the hall big enough for him to get in and for us to stand around
and give him the piss-bath of his life!"  Dad said, looking straight at me!

"Oh, fuck yeah!" I exclaimed and headed out the door to the bathroom down
the hall, quickly followed by the other three, all laughing at my
eagerness.

I quickly lay down in the huge claw-footed tub and Dad, Rusty and Jeff
stood around it - Dad at my feet, Rusty at the middle and Jeff above my
head.

"Okay, Marines! PRESENT! ARMS!" Dad shouted out.

They all grabbed their cocks.

"AIM!" Dad shouted again.

They all pointed their long, thick pissers at me!

"MARINES! FIRE AT WILL!" Dad shouted.

And with this, I was suddenly hit by three hot, hard piss-streams!

I rose up, opening my mouth and tasting each one of them in turn - Jeff
first, then Rusty, then Dad! All the time being drenched with more piss at
one time than I'd ever had before! It was heaven! A real 'piss-shower'! All
that champagne and beer we'd had before and during dinner was raining down
on me and I was loving every second of it! And it went on for some time!

As their piss streams finally began to die out, each other them leaned over
the tub and began to lick different parts of me, tasting each other's
piss. Then Dad looked down at me.

"GRUNT! DO YOU NEED TO PISS?" he shouted

"SIR! YES, SIR!" I shouted back in my best imitation of a Marine recruit.

"GRUNT! PISS WHEN READY!" Dad shouted.

I grabbed my cock and pointed it straight up, letting loose of my hot
stream. Each of the three leaned over and shared my hot, man-piss - each of
them drinking from the fountain of piss pouring from my cock. The rest of
my piss coming down to wet me even further as I lay in a pool of their
warm, yellow piss. All in all, it was one hot, wet experience!

I stood up in the tub and let most of the piss stream off my body and then
pulled the stopper on the tub and let the piss flow down the drain, running
water to rinse out the tub as well.

"Do you need to dry off?" Rusty asked.

"No need. I put rubber sheets and mattress protectors on both beds so we
can get them wet with no harm. I figured with this crowd, it was safer that
way!" I laughed.

"Okay, then let's move this party to our bed!" Jeff exclaimed and we all
trooped down the hall again, this time to Jeff and my room.

"So what's next?" Dad asked.

"Well...funny you should ask!" Rusty said, provocatively.

"Yeah? What raunchy, sleazy thing have you got in mind, lover?" Dad grinned
at him.

"Well, I know that you and Mikey have fucked each other but I know
something you two have never done!" Rusty said.

"What?" Dad and I asked together.

"You've never fucked together!" Rusty grinned broadly.

"You mean...?!" I exclaimed.

"That's right! I want you both in my hole, fucking me together!" Rusty
announced gleefully.

"Fuck, yeah!" I said.

"Hot Damn!" Dad said.

"What about me?!" Jeff said, faking being hurt at being left out.

"Oh, sugar! I have a 'special' place for you!" I want you bent over so I
can eat that beautiful, ripe man-butt of yours while your lover and his
Daddy fuck my brains out!" Rusty announced.

"Fuck, yeah!" Jeff laughed.

"How do you want us, lover?" Dad asked.

Rusty quickly arranged us. He had Dad lay down on the bed and then Rusty
greased up his ass and Dad's cock with lube. He handed me the bottle to
grease up my pole as he climbed aboard Dad's hard cock, sinking down in one
felled swoop. He rode up and down on Dad's manhood a couple of times and
then slammed all the way down so that he was sitting on Dad's pelvis. He
then began moving his hips, stirring Dad's cock in his guts to really open
him up. He then looked over at me.

"You ready, tiger?!" he said, his eyes gleaming with horniness.

"Fuck, yeah! Lemme at that hole!" I said eagerly.

Rusty bent over, holding most of Dad's cock in his hole while I climbed on
the bed and got over Dad's legs behind Rusty. At the same time, I saw Jeff
get on the bed and kneel over Dad's head.  It would seem, however, that Dad
was going to add a variation to Rusty's directions. As Jeff bent over to
present his ripe, sweaty ass-trench to Rusty eager mouth, I could see Dad
reaching up and pulling down Jeff's hard cock to suck on. My lover was
going to be getting it both ways - a tongue in his ass and a mouth around
his cock at the same time.

I lined up my cock with Dad's and slowly pushed into Rusty's eagerly
expanding hole. The feeling of Dad's cock against mine was incredible! But
not nearly as incredible as knowing this was my Dad's cock that mine was
rubbing against up Rusty's tight, hot hole! We both began to fuck Rusty,
finding the right rhythm quite easily, with Dad's cock sliding back just as
mine was sliding in. Rusty was moaning into Jeff's ass and Jeff was loudly
announcing the things that were being done to him!

"Fuck! Yeah! Eat my fuckin' ass! That's it! Shove that tongue all the way
up my shithole! Yeah!  Suck my fuckin' cock! Lemme shove this fucker all
the way down your cocksucking throat!" Jeff was all but yelling as I
continued to pound my cock in and out of Rusty's talented ass!

"Ahh, FUCK!!! I love this ass! I love the feeling of your cock rubbing
mine, Dad! Yeah! Fuckin' your hole! Fuckin' your cock lovin' hole!" I
screamed out as I fucked Rusty with my Dad!

This time I know who went first - it was Jeff and he was screaming!

"EAT MY COCK!!! SWALLOW MY LOAD!!! YEAH!!! SUCK ON MY ASS!!!" he screamed
as he pumped spurt after spurt of his hot load down Dad's eagerly sucking
throat and Rusty buried his tongue in Jeff's butt.

I was next, not being able to take any more of the dual stimulation of
Rusty's hot hole and Dad's huge, hard cock!

"FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!! I'M CUMMIN' IN YOUR ASS!!!" I screamed out as I
began to dump my cum load in Rusty's guts.

Next was Dad, who merely grunted loudly, his cock and throat full of my
lover's cock! Then Rusty, his face still buried in Jeff's ass which muffled
his groans but I could feel his ass clenching around the two cocks shooting
in his butt, dumping his load of cum all over Dad.

This time, we all but did collapse. We lay on the bed, Rusty and Jeff in
each other's arms and me in Dad's.

"Mmm! Daddy! You smell so good!" I murmured.

"You mean I stink good, don'tcha , son?" Dad chuckled.

"You know exactly what I mean!" I grinned.

I loved when Daddy was all sweaty and funky with raunch and mansex!

"You smell really good yourself, son! I can still smell our piss on you!"
Dad smiled.

After a while, we all recovered and, as sure as the day follows the night -
we all were hard again!

"Okay, what this time?!" Dad laughed.

"Well..." I said.

"Okay, out with it, pig-boy!" Dad laughed.

"I'm bettin' that Rusty would really like to be fisted now that he's all
opened up." I said.

"You fuckin' got that right!" Rusty roared with laughter.

"And Jeff still hasn't been fucked so, this is what I figure. I want to
fuck Jeff while he sucks Rusty off - while Rusty's gettin' fisted by Dad!"
I said.

"So how does your dear old Dad get off?" he asked.

"You work your cock up Rusty's ass while you're fisting him and jack
yourself off in side of him!" I exclaimed.

Jeff, Rusty and Dad all looked at each other.

"Sounds like a plan to me!" Rusty said and they all laughed.

They got into position with Dad greasing up his hand and starting to work
it up his lover's ass.  They'd evidently been doing this on a regular basis
because Dad's hand quickly disappeared up his lover's butt. Jeff bent over
Rusty from the side, taking Rusty's hard cock in his mouth and sucking on
it while Dad worked Rusty's hole with his fist. I got down and started
eating Jeff's butt which still was ripe even after being eaten by Rusty in
the last round. He slowly opened up to me and I then greased up his hole
but god. I greased up my cock and soon had it stashed up his shithole,
replacing my mouth and tongue.

I watched as Dad slid his cock into Rusty's butt along with his hand and
could see the movements of his wrist as he began jacking off up inside his
lover's butt. I could tell that Jeff was watching this exhibition as well
because his sucking became more frantic and his butt tightened around my
cock.

"Oh, fuck, yeah! Shove that fist deep in my butt! Yeah! Fuckin' shoot your
load in my ass, lover!" Rusty moaned.

"Yeah, slut! You love my fist and my cock up your hungry shit-chute,
don'tcha?! You love it pig! You've got a real hungry pig-ass, boy!" Dad
groaned at his lover.

"Yeah! I'm a fuckin' ass-pig! Fist my butt! Jack-off up my butt!" Rusty
groaned.

That was all I could take. I started shooting my load up Jeff's butt and
could feel his ass tighten around my cock as he shot onto the bed. Rusty's
cum was unloading in Jeff's mouth and Dad was obviously blowing a load deep
in Rusty's bowels. The sounds of masculine groans and expletives filled the
room until we all collapsed in a heap on the bed and were all soon sound
asleep.

The End of Chapter Thirteen of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2004 18:44:41 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 12

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Twelve - Two Ships That Pass In The Night

"You're Mike's Dad?!" Rusty exclaimed.

"And you're Rusty?" Dad exclaimed.

Then they both start laughing and moving towards each other until they were
standing toe to toe.  Then the laughter suddenly stopped and there was
silence for just a moment before they were suddenly clutched in a tight
embrace and a very deep, passionate kiss. Jeff and I just stood there,
looking on, completely baffled at this turn of events. Finally the two
older men came out of their clutch and just stood there, their arms around
each other, grinning at each other like complete idiots! If I didn't know
better, I'd swear they were in love! But, how the fuck was that possible
and where the fuck did they know each other from?!

"Uhh...Dad...uhh...Rusty...uhh...guys...you want to let us in on the
secret?" I interrupted them.

They seemed to come to themselves and noticed that they were in each
other's arms. They both blushed, proving once again that it was possible
for a Marine to blush, and broke apart before facing Jeff and me rather
sheepishly.

"Uhh...we've met before." Dad said.

"That much was pretty obvious. Want to explain where and how?" I asked.

"Not really." Dad said, blushing a deeper shade of scarlet.

"Oh, come on, Mike. We can tell them part of it." Rusty kind of giggled.

Yeah! That's what I said - 'giggled'. It was not a sound you'd expect from
a man - especially a Marine - his size, but that's what it was, a nervous
giggle.

"Well...yeah...I suppose..." Dad stalled.

"Okay. We met at a Marine Corps University seminar at Quantico about three
years ago.  Well...that is...we kind of met..." Rusty said, looking over at
Dad and they both got redder in the face.

"What do you mean - 'kind of met'?" Jeff asked.

"Well...you see...we were in this seminar with about a hundred other Marine
non-coms and we kind of spotted each other." Dad said.

"Oh, the old 'Some Enchanted Evening' bit!" I laughed.

Dad and Rusty both looked at me funny.

"It's a song - from Rogers and Hammerstein's 'South Pacific'. You've never
heard of it?" I asked.

They both shook their heads 'no'.

"Well, anyway, there's this song called 'Some Enchanted Evening' with a
line in it about seeing 'a stranger, across a crowded room' and falling in
love." I said.

Dad and Rusty looked at each other quizzically and started laughing again.

"Well...I wouldn't call it love!" Rusty exclaimed.

"Nah!" Dad said. "Pure lust is what I'd call it!"

"Yeah! We ended up doing each other in a broom closet!" Rusty laughed.

"Shh! You weren't supposed to tell them that part!" Dad said, laughing.

"A broom closet!?" Jeff exclaimed.

"Well...we couldn't find any place else! We were both rooming in barracks
that were across the entire base from each other and we were only there for
72 hours! There was no chance to get off base!" Rusty explained.

"Yeah. We never got each other's name or nothin'! Not even where we were
stationed!" Dad explained.

"I guess you two were far too 'busy' even to exchange names!" I said,
smirking.

"Yeah. Actually we were!" Dad said and he and Rusty started laughing again.

"Why to I get the feeling that a lot more went on in that broom closet than
you're telling us?" I asked.

"Whatever went on in that broom closet is none of your business!" Dad
exclaimed.

Jeff and I both started laughing at this. Seems we'd caught Dad in
something that, for some reason, he wanted to keep very private. I wondered
at this.

"Okay, Dad. We'll let it go for now. Dinner's ready. Why don't we go in and
sit down."

All through dinner, I kept catching these looks between Dad and Rusty. It
was obvious that there was a LOT of 'unfinished business' between them. I
also got the feeling that, at least for that night, they only had 'eyes'
for each other. But, because they both lived on base, I knew they were
going to have a problem with getting together. Unfortunately, we only had a
one bedroom apartment so it wasn't like we could offer them a room.

Sometime during dinner, and I'm not sure when, by unspoken agreement, Dad
and Rusty decided to 'go back to base' soon after dinner was over. They
didn't fool me for a minute! I knew they weren't going to go anywhere near
the base for a number of hours. What I figured they would head to was any
one of a number of so-called 'No-Tell Motels' that existed for clandestine
meetings and trysts between lovers, usually either not married to each
other or of the same sex.  At any rate, they left hurriedly and Jeff and I
were left alone.

"What the fuck was that all about?" Jeff asked when they'd gone.

"What do you think that was all about?! They're heading for a motel, or I
don't know my Dad!" I grinned.

"You think?" he asked.

"I KNOW!" I stated emphatically. "Didn't you catch the looks they were
giving each other all the way through dinner?"

"Well...I did, sorta. I didn't quite get what was going on." he said.

"I didn't exactly either. Personally, I've got a feeling that something
more than just sex is going on between them. I mean, how wonderful could a
sexual encounter in a broom closet be?" I asked him.

Jeff moved close and put his warm, strong arms around me.

"Pretty wonderful, if it was you." he murmured and then kissed me.

That almost caused me to lose my train of thought!

"That's my point!" I said.

"What is?" he asked looking down at me.

"Well...the only way that encounter could have been that memorable for them
is if more than sex was going on between them. If their emotions somehow
got involved." I said.

"It's always possible. But why didn't they follow up then. I mean, they
didn't even know each other's names!" Jeff said.

"I know. It is strange. But I know that I can get it out of Dad. In fact,
I'm betting he calls tomorrow and wants to talk about it." I said.

"You think?" Jeff asked. "He didn't seem much inclined to talk about it
tonight."

"No, but then you and Rusty were standing there. Dad's not likely to talk
except one-on-one and usually only to me." I said.

"Well, if you find out what's going on, let me know." Jeff grinned.

"Well...you know, Marine, I'd be glad to do that for you - but it's gonna
cost ya!" I grinned back.

"Yeah? What's it gonna cost? Or did you want to take it out in 'trade'?" he
said, leaning down and licking my neck.

I groaned.

"That's exactly what I had in mind!" I moaned, my arms going around his
neck and his hand sliding down to cup my butt cheeks.

The next thing I knew, he had me in his arms, off the floor and carrying me
to the bedroom. He plopped me on the bed and 'had his way with me' (or mine
with him) for the next couple of hours before we fell asleep, sweaty and
exhausted, covered with each other's cum, in each other's arms.

I was right. The next afternoon, I'd just gotten home from school when
there was a knock at the door. I knew it was Dad just by the knock. He said
he wanted to talk so I took him in the kitchen, gave him a beer and we sat
down at the table.

"So, what do you want to talk about, as if I didn't know already?" I asked.

"Okay, smart-ass, what do I want to talk about?" he growled.

"Rusty." I said.

He was quiet for a few moments.

"Yeah..." he said quietly.

"He's not just a 'trick' for you, is he?" I asked.

Dad looked up, surprise written all over his face. I guess he never knew
how easily his emotions could be read by somebody who knew him.

"No." he finally said.

"So what really did happen at Quantico?" I asked.

"Really just what I told you last night. We ended up getting it on in a
broom closet. But somethin' happened in that broom closet. Somethin' that
neither one of us expected, I guess." he said.

"And you ran so fast and so hard that you didn't even learn his name." I
said quietly.

Again, he looked at me with shock. Shock like I'd just kicked him in the
nuts.

"Yeah. I did." he said, looking away.

"You started to feel something for him. Something more than
horniness. Something that was a quite a bit north of your balls, huh?" I
asked.

"Yeah. I did." he said.

"So, did you go to a motel last night?" I smiled.

"Yeah. That's just what we done." he said.

"And did you two talk at all?" I asked. "Or did you just fuck each other's
brains out again."

"We tried to talk. At least he did. My tongue got all twisted in my mouth
and I couldn't get nothin' to come out that made any sense." Dad said,
miserably.

"Did you tell him that you're in love with him?" I asked quietly.

Dad hung his head, not able to look me in the eye.

"No. I wanted to. I just couldn't bring myself to do it." he said and I
could hear the anguish in his voice over it.

"So what now?" I asked.

"I don't know. I'm so fuckin' mixed up. I got so many feelin's goin' I
don't know which end is up!" he said.

"Okay...let's try and clarify what some of them are. You've fallen in love
with Rusty, right?" I asked.

"Yeah. Really hard to, I think." he said.

"So what other feelings are there?" I asked.

"Well, there's you and there's Jeff." he said.

"Dad, that's not a problem. Jeff and I both love you very much. We also
have some pretty strong feeling for Rusty, if you must know. We'd be happy
to see you two together." I said.

"You would?" he asked, surprised.

"Of course we would!" I assured him. "Dad, all Jeff and I want is for you
to be happy."

He didn't say anything and I knew there was more to this then he was
telling me.

"Dad? What is it? What's really wrong?" I asked.

He hesitated and finally started speaking, again without looking at me.

"I gotta tell you, this is really fucked up! I feel like a selfish
bastard!" he said.

"Why?" I asked, confused.

"Because I want my cake and eat it, too." he said.

"What do you mean?" I asked, still not understanding what he was driving
at.

"I don't want to change what I've got with you and Jeff. I love both of you
very much and I love when we get together." he said.

"And you think that falling in love with Rusty is going to change that." I
said, more a statement than a question.

"Well...yeah! It's got to!" he said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Well...How's Rusty gonna feel about that?!" Dad exclaimed.

"I don't know, Dad. Did you try asking him?" I said, somewhat exasperated.

"No! Of course not! What am I gonna do? Say to him 'Look, I'm falling in
love with you but I still want to fuck my son and his lover!'? Yeah! That
will go over really well!" Dad said.

"Dad...Jeff and I had sex with Rusty." I said quietly.

"Yeah. I know you did. He told me." he said.

"Dad, from what Rusty told us, he wants to have sex with us again. I know
we want to with him.  I really think it's him that you need to be talking
to about all this." I said.

"Yeah, I know. There's somethin' else I want to talk about though. I been
thinkin' that if things work out between me and Rusty that...well...we
really need to move off base. I ain't never had a reason to have my own
place before, but we can't keep goin' to a motel. I got me thinkin' that
maybe we could all get a place together. Say a two or three bedroom
apartment. Somethin' nice.  Split between us, it wouldn't cost much any
more than what you guys are already payin' here. Do you think that Jeff
would go for somethin' like that?" he asked.

"Well...I don't know. I could ask him. But Dad...are you sure you'd want to
do something like that? Are you sure you and Rusty wouldn't rather have
your own place? I'm not sayin' that we wouldn't love having you both around
but, again, I really think you and Rusty should talk about this. I'll talk
to Jeff about it and let you know." I said.

"Okay. That's all I really wanted. I just wanted to kind of feel you out
about it." Dad said.

"Oh, damn! And here I thought you were gonna 'feel me up'!" I laughed.

"Damn, boy! You are one little horndog, ain'tcha?!" he laughed.

"Honestly, Dad. You gotta talk to Rusty. Above all, you gotta tell him how
you feel. If you're in love with him, you gotta tell him! Don't make the
same mistake twice! You'll never be able to live with yourself is you do."
I said.

"I know. But it's still hard. I still feel like I'm cheating Bobby Lee
'cause I never said it to him."  Dad said.

"No, Dad. It wasn't Bobby Lee you cheated. I'm sure he knew exactly how you
felt. It was yourself you cheated." I said quietly.

He looked at me funny.

"I never thought of it that way." he said, thoughtfully.

"You go and think about it and then talk to Rusty. Okay?" I asked.

"Yeah. Damn, boy! You really are smarter than your old man, you know that?"
he said.

"No, I'm not, Dad. I just know all to well what it is to live without love
and then find it." I said.

"Mike, you don't know how fuckin' sorry I am about that." Dad said, and I
could hear the guilt and sadness in his voice.

"Dad, it's wasn't your fault! I read your letters, remember? Every fucking
one of them. You loved me. You wanted me. It wasn't your fault that you
fucked the psycho-bitch of the Western World and her psycho-father!" I
smiled.

"I'm gonna spend the rest of my life makin' up to you for it, son." Dad
said quietly.

"Dad, you don't have to. Just having you in my life now is enough. You
gotta stop carrying around all this fuckin' guilt or it's gonna kill you!
You just go tell Rusty that you love him. I already know you love me!" I
said.

When he looked up at me this time, I could see tears glistening in his
eyes. I reached over and put my arms around him and he put those strong,
muscular arms of his around me.

"I love you, Daddy. And don't you ever forget it." I whispered in his ear.

He didn't say anything, just squeezed me so tight I almost passed out! Then
he kissed me gently on the cheek and got up.

"I better go have that talk with Rusty." Dad said quietly.

"You do that. And I'll have a talk with Jeff when he gets home about your
idea." I said.

"Yeah. You do that, son." Dad said and he was off.

Jeff came home in a little while and while we were having dinner, I brought
up what Dad wanted to talk to me about.

"Dad stopped by this afternoon, right before you got home." I said.

"Well, you said he probably would. So, what's up?" he asked.

"I was right. He's in love with Rusty. Seems that the little encounter in
the broom closet brought out feelings in him that scared the shit out of
him so he just ran. That's why he didn't know Rusty's name and why they
never got together again. Oh, and they did go to a motel last night." I
grinned.

"Yeah! A couple of horndogs - just like us!" he laughed.

"Yeah, just like us - they fell in love with each other in a motel room!
But unlike us, Dad still hasn't told Rusty how he feels. I sent him off to
do that." I said.

"Good! It's about fuckin' time!" Jeff said.

"Dad's got an idea though that he wanted me to talk to you about." I said.

"What?" he asked.

"Well, Dad says that if things work out between him and Rusty, they want to
get a place together off base. Dad's thinking that maybe the four of us
could get a place together - say two or three bedrooms. He says that it
wouldn't cost us any more than we're paying here and we all could be in a
nicer place." I told him.

"I take it he hasn't talked to Rusty about this yet?" Jeff asked.

"No, that's part of what I told him he needs to talk to him about. I told
him that maybe Rusty will want a place of their own, where they can be
alone together." I said.

"Well, I'll tell you...I don't think so." Jeff said.

"Why not?" I asked. "They're in love. It would be only natural for them to
want to spend time alone." I said.

"No. It wouldn't be natural. Not for them." Jeff said.

"Why not, may I ask?" I just couldn't get what Jeff was driving at.

"They're Marines." he said.

"What the fuck does that have to do with it?" I asked, completely confused.

"Babe, they're not only Marines - they're 'career' Marines. They've spent
their whole lives in the Corps surrounded by other guys. You gotta figure
they like it that way. Otherwise they would have moved off base long
ago. It ain't nothin' for them to live around other guys. In fact, I don't
think they'd be really comfortable without it." he said.

"Really?" I asked.

I really couldn't fathom this!

"Yeah. Really." he said.

"So we're just a 'platoon replacement'?" I asked.

He laughed.

"Well, I think it's a fuck of a lot more than that. I think your Dad still
wants to the kind of relationship that we have with him to continue. Maybe
grow even closer. And from what we talked about the other night after Rusty
left, aren't we kinda feelin' the same thing - about both of them." he
asked.

"I told you that night that it wouldn't work. A 'four-way marriage'?! It
can't work!" I said.

"Why not?" he asked me, innocently.

"Well...because...because...it just won't! Too many personalities,
jealousy, stuff like that!" I insisted.

"Babe...I think that's your head talkin', not your heart. We've talked
about jealousy, remember?"  he asked.

Bowing my head, not looking at him, I answered quietly, "Yeah, I remember."

"You love your Dad and so do I. I think we both have fallen for Rusty,
right?" he asked quietly.

"Yeah." I mumbled.

"So why can't it work. Okay, it ain't normal. But we ain't exactly normal
anyway - in case you ain't noticed!" he said and when I looked up, he was
grinning at me.

"You can say that again!" I grinned.

"Besides, no matter what, it ain't gonna change the way I feel about you."
he said, reaching over and taking my hand in his.

"You know that it would never change the way I feel about you!" I insisted.

"The way I see it, babe, the four of us already love each other, each in
different ways but, love's love. We can love, support and fuck each other
blind! Hell! We'll have our own built-in orgy!"  he laughed.

"Yeah! It would be that!" I admitted.

"Let's just see what happens, okay?" he asked.

"Okay." I said.

"After all, we haven't heard from them, yet." he said.

"Yeah. Who knows? Maybe Rusty won't like the idea." I said.

"I kinda doubt that." Jeff said.

And, as usual Jeff was right. Later that evening, Dad and Rusty showed up
at our apartment. I answered the door and the first thing I knew, Rusty had
me in his arms and kissing me hard on the mouth!

"You are so fuckin' wonderful!" Rusty exclaimed.

"What did I do?" I asked, completely confused by this show of affection and
elation.

"You did it! You got the Sphinx here to finally admit that he was in love
with me!" Rusty said.

"Well, congratulations!" Jeff said, coming to the door.

"Guys! Will you get in here! We don't need the neighbors knowing all about
the relationships that go on around here!" I said, ushering Rusty and Dad
inside and closing the door.

"Sorry! I just couldn't contain myself!" Rusty said. "Hello, Stud!"

This addressed to Jeff who Rusty also kissed.

"Okay, come on in the kitchen. Tell us all about it." I said, leading the
way.

I got beers for all of us.

"He finally told me what happened to him at Quantico. I had been completely
baffled. I mean, I know that a broom closet isn't exactly romantic, but it
didn't seem to matter at the time! I knew I was falling for him the first
day I saw him! And the way he made love to me, even in that broom closet, I
knew that he was feelin' the same thing. But then it was like he vanished!"
Rusty said.

"Dad, did you tell him the whole story about Bobby Lee?" I asked.

"Yes, son. I did. Rusty understood completely." Dad said and reached over
and took Rusty's hand in his, looking at Rusty with such a look of love
that you could spot it at a thousand yards!

"Dad, Rusty, we couldn't be happier for you!" Jeff said.

"Uhh...Jeff...Did Mike talk to you about my idea?" Dad asked.

"Yeah, he did." Jeff replied.

"So what do you think?" he asked.

"I think it's a great idea!" Jeff exclaimed.

"That's great!" Rusty exclaimed. "Mike told me about it and I just loved
it! How do you feel about it?"

This was addressed to me.

"I had some misgivings about it at first but Jeff and I talked and I can
honestly say that I think it's about the best idea that Dad's ever come up
with. However, there is one big problem to the four of us living together."
I said.

"What's that?" Dad asked.

"Well, unless you've forgotten, Sergeant, we have exactly the same name!
It's gonna get awfully confusing when either Jeff or Rusty call for
'Mike'!" I grinned.

"Hmm...yeah, son. I see your point. So what the fuck we gonna do about it?"
he asked.

"Well...I've been thinking about it and I happened to be reading one of
your letters to me...you always addressed them to 'Mikey', so I guess
that's what you would have called me, right?" I asked.

"Yeah. But that was when you were a little boy, son." Dad said.

"So aren't I still your 'little boy', Dad?" I grinned at him.

"Yeah, son. You will always be my 'little boy'. You know that!" he smiled.

"So, I don't mind being called Mikey. I never had a nickname growing
up. Nobody cared enough to give me one." I said.

"Well, it would help cut down on confusion." Rusty said. "If you don't
mind, I sure don't mind calling you Mikey!"

"What about you, lover?" I said to Jeff.

"Babe, I don't care. Just so long as you 'cum' when I call you!" Jeff said
and we all cracked up at this.

"So when do we go apartment hunting?" Rusty asked.

"I figure we can do that starting tomorrow." Dad said.

"Now, you both are sure you really want to do this?" I asked.

"Yes, we're sure, son. We've had a chance to talk about it. Maybe you and
Jeff need to talk about it?" Dad asked.

I looked over at Jeff. He looked at me questioningly and then shook his
head. He didn't need to talk about it. Okay. I guess it's a 'go' then.

"No, Dad, I guess we don't. Let's start looking!" I said.

"Okay. We'll start tomorrow. I'll tell you what. You've got school and all,
Rusty and I will look and we'll then have you and Jeff see what we've
found. How about that?" Dad said.

"That's probably best. It might be more difficult for me and Jeff. They're
gonna see that we're young and maybe not want to rent to us. You two look
more 'stable'." I grinned.

"You mean 'older', don't you?" Rusty said, ruefully.

"I didn't say that!" I said, grinning.

"We got what you meant anyway!" Rusty said laughing.

"So are you guys gonna stay awhile or do you have to get back to base?" I
asked.

"I've got to get back and so does Rusty. There's a party tonight at the
Non-com club that we have to attend. One of the older Master Sergeants is
retiring and we have to be there. Wish we could stay and play a while." Dad
said.

"It's okay. There certainly will be other nights. Especially when we're all
living together." Jeff said.

Dad and Rusty left soon after and Jeff looked at me.

"Are you sure you're okay with this?" he asked me, putting his strong,
muscular arms around me.

"Yeah. It's just a little scary. The four of us, together - it's just kind
of intimidating!" I said.

"Okay, lemme ask you something. Do you love your Dad?" Jeff asked.

"Of course I do!" I insisted.

"And you like having sex with him alone and with me, don't you?" Jeff
asked.

"Yeah." I said.

"And how do you feel about Rusty?" he asked.

"I like him a lot and I think I could grow to love him a great deal." I
said honestly.

"And you like having sex with Rusty and me, right?" he asked.

"Yeah." I answered.

"So what's the problem?" he asked.

"I just don't think a 'group marriage' can work." I said. "I don't want
anybody hurt if it doesn't!"

"Okay. I understand that. But let me ask you something...what if it isn't a
'group marriage'. What if we call it what it really is...a family?" he
asked softly.

That hit me like a runaway train!

"A...a...family?" I asked?

"Yeah. A family. You know, what you never had and always wanted. The four
of us. A family of men." he said.

That got me thinking. 'A family of men'! What a concept! Now that could
work! And, after all, what was a family really - if it wasn't based solely
on genetic ties? I was based on love and, certainly, the four of us loved
each other - each in different ways. Different, as it should be because we
were each different people - each different men. Yeah! That could work!

"I never thought of it that way." I said quietly. "But I like it! A family
could work!"

Jeff grinned at me.

"It's how I've thought of it from the beginning." he said, grinning. "And,
after all, you know what 'they' say, don't you?"

"No. What do 'they' say?" I asked, smiling back at him.

"The family that plays together, stays together." he said with deceptive
simplicity.

If it hadn't been for the twinkle in his eye, I would never have caught the
double entendre! But I did and we both ended up laughing our asses off as
we headed to the bedroom where we would do our own 'playing' for a while.

The End of Chapter Twelve of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2004 18:44:08 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 11

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Eleven - Rusty, Me and Jeff...and Dad

After dinner, as we sat around having a beer and getting back in the mood
for more sex, I knew something was on Rusty's mind.

"Rusty, I get the feeling that there's something you want to say." I said
quietly.

He looked at me, startled, like he couldn't figure out how I was able to
'read' him so well.

"Well, I was just wondering how you guys felt about getting into some
fisting?" Rusty said.

I looked at Jeff and he looked at me. Then we grinned at each other.

"Oh! I think we could get into that!" Jeff said, winking at me.

"Great. We can do that next time then. Uhh...there will be a next time,
won't there?" Rusty asked.

"God! I hope so!" Jeff said.

"Without doubt - as far as I'm concerned!" I enthused. "But why wait until
next time?"

"Well...you see...uhh...I don't know anyway to put this delicately. I have
to be well cleaned out so that there's no...uhh...mess, if you get my
meaning." Rusty explained.

"Oh, I understand but that's not a problem! There's a hose connected to the
shower head in the bathroom. Jeff and I love to clean each other out." I
said.

"Yeah! We love playin' with that hose sometimes!" Jeff enthused.

Rusty's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree!

"Hot fuckin' damn! Well what the fuck we sittin' here for?! Lemme get my
ass on that hose!" he exclaimed.

We all three trooped off to the bathroom. None of us thought anything
strange about all of us going off to the bathroom to watch (or help) Rusty
clean out! When we got there, before he had a chance to turn the water on,
I called out.

"HOLD IT! You can't clean out yet!"

Rusty looked at me in shock.

"Why not?!" he asked.

"Because you got something up your ass that I want! And I don't want you
washing it away!" I grinned.

It took Rusty a second but then he grinned, too! Then turning around, he
bent over and had his feet on the floor outside the tub and his hands on
the floor of the tub. I knelt behind him and put my mouth to his well
fucked ass and began sucking and licking at the hole. The hole blossomed
open easily and then belched out a whole load of Jeff's cum, flavored with
Rusty's ass juices! It was a real treat for me! I sucked and licked all of
my lover's spoonge that I could find in Rusty's ass.

"Yeah, come to think of it, Mike, there's something up your ass that I
want!" Jeff said.

I got to my feet and moved next to Rusty, assuming the same bent over
position that he was in.  Jeff got down behind me. I rested on the edge of
the tub and reached behind me, pulling my butt- cheeks apart so that he
could have easy access to my hole. I felt his mouth lock to my ass-lips and
then felt the suction as he began sucking on my hole, drawing out his
cum. His tongue was also working up inside of me to scoop out as much of
the mixture as he could reach. I moaned at the feelings of his mouth on my
ass and his tongue up my hole!

"Ahh! Fuck! That feels so good!" I groaned.

At that point, Rusty stood up and stepped into the tub and squatted down in
front of me, letting me rest my shoulders on his thighs and his hard cock
right in front of me. I opened my mouth and slid it down over the covered
head, using my tongue to work its way under his hood. He was stroking and
massaging my back as I slurped on his cock, chewing on his foreskin.

Finally, Jeff got as much of Rusty's cum from my ass as he could. He pulled
his face out of my ass and I pulled my mouth off Rusty's cock. Rusty stood
up and started adjusting the water temperature. He grabbed the clean-out
hose and diverted the water to it. He looked at the two of us standing
there.

"Either of you want to help me?" he asked, a grin on his face.

"I'd be glad to, but I don't know exactly what to do." I said.

"It's not hard. Just shove this hose up my butt!" he laughed. "And then
stop the water when I tell you."

"I can do that?" I said.

"Anything I can do?" Jeff asked.

"You can stand there and look pretty!" Rusty said, winking at Jeff.

Jeff blushed - same as he always did when anybody mentioned how good
looking he is. Rusty seemed to get as much a kick out of this as I did!

"I can't believe it! A Jarhead who blushes! You know, it just makes you
that much cuter, don'tcha?" Rusty asked Jeff which, of course, made him
blush all the harder!

"Ahh! Fuck! Cut it out!" Jeff grinned.

Rusty bent over and I found his hole and gently inserted the hose and then
released the water. I noticed that it flowed up him for a good long time,
much more than water than I was usually able to take. He evidently was a
lot more experienced at this than I was! Finally, he signaled me to cut off
the flow, which I did. He then stepped out of the tub and sat on the
toilet, letting the water flow out of him in a 'whoosh!'. We then repeated
the process twice more. Then he got back in the tub and filled up with
water from the hose once again.

"Wanna see somethin' fun?" Rusty asked, looking at Jeff and me.

"Sure!" Jeff answered.

Rusty winked at us then, still bent over, pulled the hose from his ass. All
of a sudden, a huge stream of clear water shot out of his ass and
splattered against the other wall of the tub! It was like a fire hose
spraying out of him! Jeff and I started laughing as did Rusty.

"That's quite a trick!" I said.

"Yeah! It's kinda like pissin' out your butt!" Rusty said.

Which instantly had me thinking! I must have had quite a look on my face
because Rusty said to me.

"Okay, what degenerate act did you have in mind?"

"Could you fill up again?" I asked.

"You want to see it again?" he smiled.

"Well, kind of. What I was really thinking of, though, was laying down in
the tub and having you spray it all over me! Kind of like you were pissing
on me." I said.

"Hmm? Sounds like fun!" he said, sticking the hose back up his butt and
releasing the water. "I'll fill up real good for ya!"

He did, too! He kept the hose up inside him for a much longer time this
time. When he finally couldn't take anymore, he told me to get in the
tub. I lay down and he squatted over me, his butt over my abs. He then
yanked the hose out and let fly! The water came cascading out of his butt,
all over me. I was surprised, at first, with how warm it was! I didn't take
into consideration how hot it was up his bowels. It was obvious that Rusty
used warm water to clean out with as well.

The feeling of all that water pouring out of his ass was incredible! Never
had even being pissed on been this sensuous a feeling! As the flow began to
subside, I suddenly got another idea. I sat up and locked my mouth to his
spurting asshole, drinking down the rest of the water from up inside him! I
loved it, sucking water from his butt!

"Ahh, fuck! I gotta try that!" Jeff exclaimed. "Can I have a turn?"

"Sure, stud-boy! Get your fuckin' ass in here and let me ass-piss on both
of you!" Rusty said.

"Both of us?" I asked.

"Sure. Jeff can lay down in the tub and you can sit on his face. That way,
I'll get both of you wet!" Rusty explained.

"Yeah!" Jeff exclaimed. "That sounds even better!"

I stood up and Jeff got in the tub and lay down at Rusty and my feet. Rusty
was filling up his hole with water again while I squatted over my lover's
face, letting him lock his lips to my hole. Jeff was eating my butt as
Rusty finished filling up. Then he pulled out the hose, and let it rip
again!  This time he moved his butt up and down, spraying both of us with
the warm ass-water. What wet little pigs we were all being! It was fun!

"Well, I think I'm cleaned out much more than I need to be!" Rusty
laughed. "I think it's time we moved on to fisting me!"

"Okay." I said, reluctantly pulling my butt off Jeff's mouth and standing
up.

We got out of the tub, drying off and then trooped back to the bedroom.

"Now, I hope you've guys have got lube." Rusty said.

"Are you kidding? We buy Astroglide by the case!" Jeff laughed.

"Great because we're gonna start out with something that I think you're
gonna both love. There's a lot of way to get open up an ass and get it
ready to be fisted. I'm gonna show you my favorite way. I want you to pay
attention because, you never know, even if you never get fisted, this is
something you may want to eventually try." Rusty said.

Well, that certainly piqued our curiosity!

"Jeff I want you to get on the bed on your back with your legs hanging over
the bed with your ass right at the edge of the bed." Rusty said.

"Where do you want me?" I asked.

"We'll get to you in a minute. You've got the most important role in this."
Rusty said, winking at me.

Jeff laid down and Rusty bent over, taking his cock in his mouth. Jeff had
been only about half hard when he laid down, but within moments, Rusty had
him hard again. He asked me for the lube and I handed him the bottle of
Astroglide. He greased up Jeff's cock well and his own ass.  Then he
climbed over Jeff and sat down on his cock, taking it completely inside him
in one slide down. Rusty than began moving his hips, stirring Jeff's cock
inside him, opening up his shit- chute further. After a few minutes of
this, he looked back at me.

"Now comes the fun part. Grease up your cock. I'm gonna bend over Jeff and
I want you to shove your cock up my ass." Rusty said.

"You mean...!" I couldn't believe what he was saying!

"Yep! You're both gonna fuck me at the same time! Don't worry. I can handle
both your cocks at once." Rusty assured me.

"Hot damn!" I exclaimed, greasing up my cock.

As Rusty bent over Jeff, I got between Jeff's legs and put my cock where
his was half-buried in Rusty's butt. At first, I didn't think this was
going to work, but as I pushed against the opening and Jeff's cock, all of
sudden I felt Rusty's ring begin to give and my cock slowly slid inside his
hot butt, rubbing against Jeff's cock. I heard them both moan and I was
moaning right along with them! It wasn't just that Rusty's shit-chute
wasn't hot, tight and wet - it was! But it was the feel of my cock sliding
against my lover's cock in the same shithole that really was causing me to
almost loose my load! Rusty's talented ass-chute squeezed around both our
cocks and Jeff and I groaned at the same time.

"Ahh! Fuck yeah! That feels so good!" Rusty groaned as his hole tightened
down around our cocks again. "Fuck me guys! Fuck me hard!"

I started to withdraw my cock, and could feel not only the sensation of the
warm walls of Rusty's shit hole but the hard, slick feeling of Jeff's hard
cock sliding against mine! Oh, Fuck! What an incredible feeling. It must
have felt that way to Jeff as well because I heard him groan as I slid out
part way. I slammed back into Rusty's hole while, at the same time, I felt
Jeff withdrawing.  We got into a rhythm where one of us was slamming into
Rusty's hole at the same time the other was withdrawing, enjoying the
feeling of both Rusty's well-used and very talented hole but each other's
cock rubbing together as well! This meant, of course, that Rusty's hole had
a cock slamming into it constantly! His groans of satisfaction were loud
and constant as well!

"Yeah! Fuck my ass! Shove those cock in my hole! Fuckin' rape my fuckin'
hole! Shit! Ram my ass with those dicks!" Rusty vocalized over and over
while Jeff and I kept on fucking his hole.

The raunchy commentary was stimulating! Very stimulating! What was most
stimulating, however, was the feel of my lover's cock sliding against my
own and our nut-sacks hitting each other as we fucked the same hole. I soon
could feel the tingle in my balls that let me know that I was gonna cum. It
felt like Jeff was about at that point as well.

"Yeah! I'm gonna cum! I'm almost there!" I screamed out.

"Me, too! Yeah! I'm gonna spoonge this ass!" Jeff answered.

"Oh, Fuck! Yeah! Cum up my butt! Gimme those hot loads! Flood my fuckin'
bowels with your spoonge!" Rusty cried out.

 And that's exactly what Jeff and I proceeded to do!

"FUCK!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" Jeff screamed and I felt the warm jets of his cum
bathing my cock as I felt the tremors of his cock as he released his load
in Rusty's butt.

This triggered my orgasm!

"YEAH!!! CUMMIN'!!! FUCKIN' CUMMIN'!!!" I screamed, slamming my cock deep
in Rusty's hole, joining Jeff's cock there.

"FUCK!!! GIMME YOUR LOADS!!!" Rusty groaned and I could feel his hole
spasming around our cocks as his cum flooded out all over Jeff's chest and
abs.

I clung to Rusty's back, regaining my senses and breath after the
mind-blowing orgasm. I could hear Jeff and Rusty panting as well. I licked
the sweat off of Rusty's back and leaned over and gently kissed and licked
at his ear. Rusty turned his head and gave me a deep, soulful kiss and then
leaned down and did the same to Jeff.

"I wish I could marry both of you!" Rusty groaned.

I started laughing and so did Jeff. Mine, however, was somewhat nervous
laughter because I was starting to have some rather deep feelings for this
beautiful, older Marine. Older? Well, by ten years but when you're 18 going
on 19, that's 'older' to you! The funny thing was, Jeff's laughter seemed
somewhat nervous like mine. I wondered for a moment what was going through
his mind at that point.

I finally pulled slowly out of Rusty's butt and he slid off Jeff's cock. I
lay down on the bed on one side of Jeff and Rusty got on the other.

"Fuck! That was incredible!" Jeff said as he reached over and drew me to
him. "The feel of your cock against mine was so fuckin' good!"

"Yeah. The feel of your cock cumming against mine was all it took for me."
I smiled.

"Yep! You two are fuckin' great! You sure you've never done that before?
You did so good! Got my hole nice and open and got me off!" Rusty said.

Jeff and I both grinned at Rusty.

"Nope, never did but I sure hope it won't be the last time!" I said.

"Yeah! I hope we get to do that again sometime!" Jeff said.

"Well...as far as I'm concerned, you can have my butt anytime you want it!
Either one of you or together." Rusty said, grinning. "Of course, you still
haven't fisted me. That was just an appetizer!"

"Don't you need a break before that?" I asked.

"No way! My butt is nice and open now. And all that cum from both of you
will help lube me up." Randy said.

I could see the sexual hunger on his face and the desire in his eyes. Well,
if he wanted it, I'd sure as fuck give it to him!

"Let me see your hand." Rusty said.

I put out my hand to him. He took it and felt it both his hands seeming to
check it's flexibility.  Then he turned to Jeff.

"Okay, let me see your's." he said.

Jeff showed him his hand which was much bigger than mine.

"Well, Mike, looks like you win! Your hand first!" Rusty said.

"Just tell me what to do and I'll do it." I said.

"Can I do anything?" Jeff asked.

"Yeah! You can help hold my legs back." Rusty said. "Now, do you have any
old towels?"

"Yeah, there are some in the closet in the hall. How many do you need?"
Jeff asked.

"A couple will probably do. I just don't want the lube getting all over
your bed. Fisting can be pretty messy. The lube a lot of guys prefer is
Crisco, but that gets really messy! Plus it's hell to wash off you or out
of anything it gets on. Of course a lot of those guys have slings to play
in and play rooms where it doesn't matter." Rusty said.

My mind was reeling! This was a whole different side to sex that I'd never
even known about!  Crisco? Slings? I wondered what kind of 'sling' that
Rusty was talking about. I mean, the only slings I knew about were
'sling-shots' I'd had as a kid and the kind they put your arm in if you
break it. But at that point, I didn't think it was quite the time to ask!

Jeff went and got a couple of old towels, one's he took with him to work
out. Jeff took them and laid them on the bed and then lay down so that they
were under his butt and sticking out about a foot or more in front,
covering the bed.

"Now, Jeff, If you would be so kind as to get behind me on the bed and grab
my ankles when I pull them back." Rusty said.

Jeff got behind him and Rusty pulled his legs back. Jeff grabbed hold of
his ankles and his butt raised off the bed with his hole prominently
displayed for me.

"Okay, Mike, just get on the bed in front of me and start lubing up my
butt. Just shove the nozzle in my hole and squeeze a good amount in
there. You're also gonna want to lube both your hands up past the wrist as
well." Rusty said. "You'll want to start with three fingers since I'm
already pretty well open from that great double-fuck you guys gave me."

Both Jeff and I blushed at this! I did as Rusty suggested and lubed up both
my hands. Then I took the bottle and turned it upside down, putting the
spout in his asshole and squeezing a lot of it inside.

"Fuck! That's cold!" Rusty exclaimed.

"Sorry!" I said.

"Not your fault! Can't be helped. I don't know why water-based lubes always
feel so cold!" he said, smiling at me to let me know I wasn't doing
anything wrong.

Once I had his butt lubed, I slid three of my fingers in his butt. They
slid in real easy so I went for four. Those went in almost as easy.

"You got four in there?" Rusty asked.

"Yeah. It feels really warm up inside you!" I said.

"Yeah? Wait 'til your hand is up there!" he grinned. "Now let me show you
what to do next."

Rusty showed me how to kind of 'fold' my hand, bringing all four fingers
and my thumb together so that my hand was as narrow as it could be. I then
began working it into his hole. He had me add more lube around my hand,
particularly my knuckles. He said that was the most difficult part to get
past. Once his sphincter had passed this, it was smooth sailing from there,
he told me. He had me work my fingers around inside of him, gradually
letting his ass open more. I then began to push against his hole and with
steady pressure felt his sphincter loosen and it was like his ass just
'swallowed' my hand! Before I knew it, his asshole was wrapped around my
wrist and my entire hand was inside his ass!

And he was right! Boy! Was it hot in there! You don't realize how warm
'body temperature' really is! Rusty directed me to start moving my hand
around inside him, getting familiar with his hole. I was a bit surprised,
since it's called 'fisting', that my hand wasn't in a fist. Rusty explained
that we would get to that but first he wanted to feel me moving around
inside his butt.  He warned me to move slowly and gently because it was
like all the movements were 'magnified' by my whole hand being inside of
him.

All through this, we were keeping almost total eye contact with each
other. I had to say that there were some very intimate feelings going
through me! And they seemed to be effecting Rusty as well. I was almost
like I was seeing love in his eyes when he looked at me but I couldn't be
sure.

By turning my hand in his ass, I was able to feel all over his hole. I had
no idea that there was so much room up inside somebody! I felt his whole
prostate and gently massaged it. His cock began to really leak when I did
this! There was soon a puddle of pre-cum on his abs from it!

I pressed further up and suddenly, piss began to shoot out of his hard
cock! Rusty had warned me of this but it was still so cool to see! Jeff got
into the act by leaning over Rusty and taking his pissing cock in his mouth
and drinking down Rusty's hot piss! Since this put Jeff's cock right above
Rusty's mouth, he reached up and pulled it down and began sucking on Jeff
while I continued to press against what was, I figured, his bladder and
Jeff gulped down the rest of Rusty's piss and then began sucking his cock.

"Don't!" Rusty exclaimed, pulling off Jeff's cock. "I don't want to cum
yet!"

Jeff immediately stopped sucking Rusty and let his cock fall out of his
mouth.

"Sorry!" Jeff said.

"No problem! I just am so close but I still want your hand up my butt as
well!" Rusty said, grinning up at Jeff.

"Hot damn!" Jeff exclaimed.

I guess he didn't realize that he was going to get a chance to try this,
too!

Rusty gave me instructions on how to get my hand out of his butt without
causing any pain. I went slowly and soon my hand was free of his ass.

"I want to change positions for Jeff." Rusty said, having Jeff let his legs
down.

Rusty turned over and got up on his knees and elbows and Jeff got behind
him. Now it was my turn to ask what I could do.

"You get in front of me just like I am and let me eat your butt while Jeff
fists me. Jeff, you watched Mike. Think you know what to do?" Rusty asked.

"Yeah! I think I do. Seems the most important thing is to go slow and use a
lot of lube." Jeff answered.

"You got it, Marine!" Rusty grinned.

I was sorry I couldn't watch Jeff fist Rusty but my disappointment ended
the moment that Rusty's mouth hit my ass! God! Could this guy eat butt! So
there we were, Jeff with his fist up Rusty and Rusty's tongue up my
hole. Rusty and I were moaning at the feelings that were going through
us. I looked down between our legs and I could see that both Rusty and Jeff
were hard.

Rusty pulled his face out of my butt and turned to look at Jeff.

"Okay, I want you in on this, too!" Rusty said to Jeff. "I want you to take
your cock and slide it into my butt next to your wrist and then I want you
to take it in your hand that's up my ass and jack off inside me."

"You're kidding, right?!" Jeff exclaimed.

"Like fuck I am!" Rusty laughed. "Trust me! It will work. And the motion is
going to push me over the edge."

"Okay, but I still don't think it's gonna fit!" Jeff exclaimed.

Rusty went back to eating my butt and I grabbed my hard cock with one of my
already lubed hands and started jacking off as well. A few minutes later, I
heard Jeff's voice again.

"Fuckin' shit!!! I don't fuckin' believe this!!!" he all but screamed.

"Told ya it would work!" Rusty laughed, pulling his tongue out of my butt
to answer Jeff.

He put his mouth back at my hole and all three of us soon were cumming! Me
and Rusty on the bed and Jeff up Rusty's butt! Then Jeff slowly pulled his
hand from Rusty's butt and we all three collapsed on the bed, exhausted by
all the play. We actually fell asleep for an hour or so, all cuddled up
together. I felt so comfortable curled up with Jeff and Rusty that I almost
wished that the three of us could sleep this way every night! The strange
thing was, it was just as comfortable as when Dad was in bed with Jeff and
me.

When we woke up, we all trooped off to the shower where there was a lot of
affection, kissing and hugging each other, and a lot of touching each
other, smoothing our soap-slick hands over each other's bodies, but we were
all 'fucked out' at that point so this was truly affectionate play rather
than sex.

We dried each other off and then Rusty got dressed, saying that he needed
to get home because he had work in the morning. He seemed really reluctant
to go and Jeff seemed as reluctant as I was for him to leave. Deep,
passionate kisses were in order before Rusty finally left.

Once he had gone, Jeff and I went into the kitchen and I got us a couple of
beers out of the refrigerator and we sat there drinking our beers but not
saying anything to each other. The strange thing about it was that it was
not a comfortable silence between us. It felt like we both had something
that we wanted to say but didn't know how to start or how to put it into
words. Finally we looked up at each other and I could see that Jeff's eyes
looked troubled.

"Please tell me what you're feeling." I said quietly.

"I'm almost afraid to." Jeff said softly, looking away from me.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because if I say this wrong, I'm afraid I'll hurt you." he admitted
quietly.

"Jeff, just tell me. Please?" I begged him.

"Okay...You know that I love you. I love you more than anybody else in this
whole world. And I truly do love your Dad. It's almost like he really is a
'Dad' to me, but he's also a friend and I love the sex we have
together. But all night, I've been having these feelings that I can't
explain." he said, with obvious difficulty.

"Feelings like you're feeling almost the same kind of love for Rusty? That
if there was some way, you'd make him and Dad a permanent part of 'us'?" I
asked.

Jeff looked up at me in shock!

"When the fuck did you learn to read minds?!" he exclaimed. "That's just
what I'm fuckin' feeling!"

"I'm not reading 'your' mind. I'm telling you what's in 'mine'! I'm feeling
exactly the same fucking thing! But it's not possible! It's actually crazy!
It's like we're talking about a four-way marriage! That can't work!
Besides, Rusty and Dad have never met! What if they don't like each other?"
I said.

"I can't believe that for a minute! I think Rusty and your Dad are gonna
hit it off great! I'm willing to bet they end up lovers!" Jeff said.

"I can only hope and pray you're right because I sure don't want to lose
Rusty! I'd really like him to be some part of our lives...if he wants to
be, that is." I said.

"I think he does. Did you notice how reluctant he was to go home?" Jeff
asked.

"Yeah! I wanted to suggest he sleep here but I didn't know how you'd feel
about it and we didn't have a chance to talk." I said.

"I felt the same way! I didn't suggest it for the same reason! I didn't
know how you'd feel!" Jeff said.

"Well, I guess we'll have to come up with a signal for it! We've never
needed it before, but I have a feeling we are gonna need it." I said,
smiling gently at Jeff.

"Yeah. I guess you're right. So what kind of signal?" he asked.

"How about if I look at you or you look at me and we tug our earlobe - like
Carol Burnett did at the end of all her shows?' I asked.

Jeff started laughing at this.

"Yeah, I know! It's kinda silly, but that's why it will work. It's not
something we would do any other time." I said.

"You know, you're absolutely right!" he smiled and reached up and tugged
his earlobe.

I looked at him questioningly.

"Let's go to bed!" He grinned.

"Okay." I grinned back.

The following morning at breakfast, we picked up this conversation again.

"So how are we going to get Dad and Rusty together?" I asked Jeff.

"Well, how about something really simple. Let's invite both of them to
dinner." he said.

"When?" I asked.

"What about tonight?" Jeff asked.

"Oh...and you're going to cook dinner?" I asked facetiously.

"Well, if you think you want to eat what I can cook." he smiled.

"I take it that would be four frozen dinners?" I laughed.

"Well...yeah. Unless think anybody would like Burger King." Jeff laughed.

"Okay. I'll do dinner. You make sure that Rusty gets here and I'll get
Dad." I said.

Jeff grinned at me.

"What?" I asked.

"You love match-making don't you!" he laughed.

"And I've heard such objections from you?!" I grinned.

"No! No objections from me! I'd love to see Rusty and your Dad get
together." he said.

"Okay. Lemme check the beer supply." I said, getting up and going to the
refrigerator. "Okay, we've only got one case left. Better pick up another
one on your way home."

"Okay. Anything else?" he asked.

"Yeah. Get something for desert - but NOT blueberry pie! We had that last
night and I don't Rusty having to eat it two night in a row." I said.

"Okay. That it?" he asked.

"Yeah. I'll see you when you get home. Call me and let me know if Rusty's
coming with you or on his own." I said.

"I think I'll bring him home. That way your Dad can give him a ride back to
the base." Jeff said, winking at me.

"Now who's matchmaking!" I laughed.

Jeff went on to work and I called Dad at the base before I left for
school. He was fine with coming to dinner but a little leery about meeting
Rusty. I think he was scared. And I thought I knew what about.

"Dad, Jeff and I played with Rusty last night. He's even kinkier than we
are! And he knows about you and I having sex." I said.

"He does? Did you tell him? Why?" Dad asked.

"Because I'm hoping that we can all play together and he'd find out then
anyway. As soon as you shoved that nice thick cock of your's up my
butt. Besides, Rusty told me that he had a sexual relationship with his Dad
after he entered the Corps." I said.

"Really?! Well, I guess that takes care of that problem!" Dad
laughed. "Okay, I'll be there. I wouldn't miss it!"

"Great! How about around five?" I asked.

"Sounds good to me. I'll see you then." he said.

Rusty and Jeff got to the apartment about 4:30 having stopped for beer
first. Rusty took me in his huge strong arms and kissed me deeply after
Jeff had done the same.

"It's good to see you again." Rusty said.

"Very good!" I said, smiling up at him. "Dad should be here soon. I can't
wait for you two to meet."

"I'll tell you the truth, I'm really nervous about this and I don't know
why." Rusty said.

"Dad is, too, I think. I'm betting, however, that you two end up liking
each other." I smiled.

"That would be great." Rusty said, letting me go and stepping back. "But I
hope that no matter what happens with your Dad it won't effect anything
with you guys."

Jeff looked at me and I nodded at him.

"No way!" Jeff said to Rusty. "We both feel the same way. We like you a
lot! We don't want anything to come between us either."

"Thank you." Rusty said to Jeff and then he turned to me. " You, too."

We just stood there grinning at each other for a moment and then there was
a knock at the door.

"That's Dad." I said, heading to the door.

I pulled open the door and Dad pulled me into his arms, giving me a hug and
then a hard, deep kiss. My cock instantly reacted, getting hard as steel!
Dad slid his hand down until he grabbed it through my jeans. He broke the
kiss, laughing.

"My son, the horndog!" he lauged.

"Hey! It's your fault!" I protested. "You started it!"

"I'm sorry!" he grinned. "I can't help myself whenever you're in my arms."

"Come on. Rusty's here. I want you to finally meet him." I said.

"How do I look?" Dad asked.

"Like a poster for the Marine Corps and one very hot man!" I said, smiling.

"Let's hope Rusty thinks so." Dad said ruefully.

"Trust me, he will." I said.

Dad and I walked into the kitchen and Rusty looked up. They stared at each
other in shock and recognition.

"Oh my God! It's you!" Dad exclaimed.

The End of Chapter 11 of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 20)

Date: Sat, 14 Feb 2004 15:54:51 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 10

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Ten - Rusty and Me

The next morning, as we were having breakfast before Jeff had to leave for
the base and I had to leave for classes, we were having breakfast.

"So when is Rusty coming tonight?" I asked him.

"Well...I thought I might bring him home from work with me. We can have
some fun and maybe have dinner and then some more fun. How does that sound
to you?" he asked.

"Great! I'll fix something hearty so that it gives us energy for all this
'fun' you're planning on having!" I smiled. "So, you're not planning on Dad
being a part of this, huh?"

"No, not tonight. I thought we'd keep Rusty to ourselves for one night." he
grinned.

"Uhh, did you mention Dad to him at all?" I asked.

"Yeah. I told Rusty some basic stuff about him. That he was a Marine and
all that. Why?" he asked.

"Well, in case it has escaped your notice - you, who have been having sex
with your brothers since God knows when! - not everyone in the world thinks
it's perfectly normal to be having sex with your blood relatives." I said.

He looked at me with a stricken look on his face!

"Oh, fuck! You're right! I never even thought of that!" he said. "I guess I
fucked up."

"Not necessarily. He might not see anything wrong with it. We'll just have
to play it by ear.  Maybe it would be best if you let me handle this,
though, since it is my Dad that we're fucking around with." I said.

"And because I'm not as tactful as you are!" he laughed.

"I didn't say that!" I protested.

He leaned over and kissed me and I tasted coffee, toast and boysenberry
jelly in his mouth! Now that's a nice 'breakfast' kiss!

"It's okay, babe! I know I'm not. You grow up on a ranch with four brothers
and diplomacy is not exactly considered a necessary skill." he
grinned. "You know how ranch-folk are. We just say what's on our mind and
let the chips fall where they may!"

"Yes, I've noticed that about you! Have I ever told you that's one of the
things that I love and admire about you? You never bullshit anybody. You
tell the truth. One thing I know about you - if you don't want to hear the
truth, don't ask!" I smiled.

"It's that 'Honor' thing that the Corps drums into ya." he said.

"Oh, I don't think so, love. I think it was there long before you joined
the Corps." I assured him.

He blushed a deep scarlet. I loved when he did that! A Marine who blushes!
Who would have 'thunk' it?!

Since I only had classes in the morning, I stopped on the way home at the
store and picked up a large pot roast and a large jar of horseradish. I had
this awesome recipe for pot roast which called for an entire jar of
horseradish in it. The funny thing about horseradish is, when it is cooked,
it loses its pungency and becomes very sweet! It made the best gravy in
this pot roast!

When I got home I started preparing the vegetables to go in the roasting
pan along with the pot roast. I put the whole thing in the oven, covered,
and let it cook very slowly. This brought out all the flavors and
tenderized the beef. I also made a salad and put it into the refrigerator
so that all we had to do was add the dressing and toss it. I had decided
that tonight we should have dessert so I had bought a blueberry pie -
Jeff's favorite - which we could heat in the oven and a half- gallon of
vanilla ice-cream to put on it.

With dinner all set, I made a pot of coffee and sat down at the kitchen
table with some of my textbooks to study. Having passed the GED - easily, I
might add! - I was enrolled in several course at San Diego Miramar
College. What drew me to Miramar was, not only was it closest of the three
San Diego community colleges but it had a Child Development Center for
children ages three to five that provides student the opportunity to study
growth patterns in young children.  Since it was Kindergarten that I wanted
to teach, this Center was a golden opportunity to learn about those early
stages of childhood development!

I was still studying when I heard Jeff's key in the door. He entered the
kitchen with another Marine who could only be Rusty! The dark copper of his
hair, the flashing green eyes, and a physique that my lover had only half
described! This man was built! Huge pecs that strained at his olive green
t-shirt, biceps that almost looked like they would split the arms of the
tight, cotton garment and what used to be called 'washboard' abs, the
ridges of which were entirely visible even through the knitted material!
And there was nothing lacking in his legs either! His fatigue pants
stretched tightly across thick, muscular thighs and I was in no doubt hid
very thick calves below. But it was the bulge between his thighs that
almost made me gasp! Since I already knew that he had eight thick inches by
Jeff's reckoning, the rest of the massive mound must be made up of what had
to be a huge pair of nuts!

He smiled at me as I rose from the table and Jeff introduced us.

"Mike, this is Rusty. Rusty, this is my lover Mike." he said.

I stuck out my hand which was immediately enveloped with a HUGE hand which
could easily crush mine! But, instead, there was firm pressure and, yet, a
softness to the grip. Perhaps the softness came from the words that Rusty
was saying to me.

"Jeff told me you were beautiful! He didn't tell half of it!" he said,
smiling a blinding grin that traveled up and caused his beautiful green
eyes to twinkle.

"Ahh! I detect some faint air of the Blarney, here!" I laughed.

"Well, with this hair and these freckles, it is pure Irish that I am! Born
in that most Irish of cities..."

"Boston!" he and I said together, for there was no mistaking the Boston
accent with it's lack of 'R's'!

Rusty laughed at this and I knew immediately, somehow, that this was a man
that I was going to be great friends with. I liked him immediately. There
was just something about him. Some air of quiet, assured masculinity that
sent warm feelings through me. If not for Jeff, I would worry about what my
feelings really were for this red-headed, silver-tongued devil! I also
noticed, he still hadn't let go of my hand!

Finally, he did, but it seemed reluctantly.

"I'm really sorry, Jeff. I was going to call you before you left work but I
got so involved with studying that I completely forgot the time! We're
completely out of beer and you know I can't buy it. Could you run to the
store and get some?" I asked.

"Sure. No problem! I'll be right back." And with this, he kissed me and
then left, leaving Rusty and me alone.

While I hadn't planned this, it was a good opportunity to discuss my
'incest issue' with Rusty.

"Would you like a cup of coffee while we're waiting?" I asked him.

"Sure. If that's all that's being offered." he said, a twinkle in his eye.

"And what else would you like?" I grinned.

"Well, I don't want to shock you and, at the risk of turning you completely
off me, there are certain guys, usually about your age, that bring out a
particular 'fetish' of mine very strongly. Are you at all familiar with the
term 'watersports'?" he asked gently.

I looked at him in shock and then began to laugh hysterically! He looked at
me oddly and I could see his face fall, thinking - no doubt - that I was
laughing at him and at his fetish!

"I'm VERY into watersports! We both are! We were afraid that you wouldn't
be and that we'd turn you completely off!" I laughed.

Then he grinned again - that 10,000 watt grin of his! God, what a beautiful
smile he had and on such a beautiful, manly face!

"Then you will understand completely when I tell you that what I'd really
love to drink is your piss." he grinned.

"Oh, that can be arranged quite easily. Where would you like to do it?" I
asked.

"Right here is just fine!" he said, getting down on his knees in front of
me.

I didn't say another word, I just pushed down my gym shorts and slid my
jock over, allowing my cock to fall out of the side of it. He pushed his
face forward but, instead of taking my cock in his mouth immediately, his
nose began to sniff my well-worn, funky jock and my sweaty pubic area.

"Mmm! Fuck! You smell good!" he said, looking up at me and smiling. "I
suppose that Jeff told you I was into man-smells?"

"Oh, yeah! I was thrilled because so are both of us!" I grinned.

He noticed that my cock was getting hard and looked back up at me.

"I suppose we'll have to wait for that to go down." he said, starting to
get off his knees.

I put my hands on his broad, muscular shoulders pushing him down again.

"Nope! I can piss through a hardon!" I announced.

"You can?! Fuck! Not a lot of guys can!" he said.

"Don't I know it! Jeff can, too, by the way!" I told him.

"As can I." he grinned.

"Well, let's just say, when you're done drinking, I'm getting awfully
thirsty myself! And I've never tasted good Irish piss!" I smiled.

"Well, it's quite nice, actually!" he grinned and then dipped his head
down, capturing the end of my cock in his mouth.

I relaxed and allowed my piss to start flowing. Over the time with Jeff, I
had learned how to do this quite easily now. He'd always been able to do it
'on command' from all the fun he used to have with his brothers growing
up. It took me a while to learn to relax the right muscles but now I could
piss almost anytime and any place that I wanted.

It wasn't a long piss but I could hear Rusty moaning and he eagerly gulped
it down. When he was done, he started sucking on my cock. FUCK! Did he know
how to suck cock! He had me to the brink in almost nothing flat! But then,
realizing this, he pulled off and got to his feet, taking me into his arms
and kissing me deeply. I could taste the strong saltiness of my piss in his
mouth and moaned as our tongues started 'fencing' with each other.

Breaking the kiss, I got to my knees. I knelt there as he opened his belt
and fatigue pants, pushing aside an equally raunchy jock like my own and
allowing all the warm, pungent smells of male crotch to float up to my
eager nose! Fuck! He smelled so good! I pushed my nose into his groin,
eagerly sniffing. As his pants dropped to around his ankles, I finally got
a good look at his copper-furred nut-sack! Fuck! This guy had the hugest
balls I'd ever seen on a male in my life!  The sack was nicely furred and
was ripe with smells of sweat, funk, rut and dried piss! A veritable
smorgasbord of male odor for my delight!

As promised by Jeff, Rusty was uncut as well. I skinned back the hood of
his cock and my nose was assaulted by the pungent odor of smegma! Oh, fuck!
Another 'cheese factory'! Just like Jeff!  I quickly began licking up all
the nasty debris and tasting the pungent 'cheesy' taste in my mouth.

"Well, another 'cheese lover' I see! Good! I love it myself! I think I've
got plenty there for you!"  he said.

I merely groaned in answer, too busy licking up the creamy treat to
talk. When it was all gone, I took the head and about three inches of his
half-hard cock into my mouth and looked up at him, indicating that I was
ready for him to piss. Our eyes locked on each other and stayed that way as
his hot, salty piss began to pour into my mouth and I drank it down. It was
strong, but not too strong - not like morning piss or something. It was hot
and the flow was strong as it shot into my mouth. I moaned as I swallowed
gush after gush of his cock-juice, loving every drop of his hot piss!

"Yeah! That's it, boy. Drink my piss! Drink down all that cock-juice! You
love a man pissin' down your fuckin' throat, don'tcha boy?" he asked.

Oh, fuck! And a verbal one as well!!! I was in heaven! I moaned and nodded,
never losing connection with his eyes for a moment. His smile was gentle
and loving as I continued to swallow his cock-juice. All the time I was
drinking his piss, his cock was hardening so that, by the time the flow
stopped, his cock had grown to it's full eight, thick inches! What a
lovely, tasty piece of meat it was, too! I knew immediately that I had to
have it up my ass, pounding away at my guts! I only hoped that Rusty liked
to fuck as well as piss and suck cock.

Rusty didn't let me suck on him long, however. He pulled his cock from my
mouth and then reached down and pulled me to my feet. Lifted me is more
like it! And he did it as if I weighed no more than 10 pounds! This was one
STRONG man! When he wrapped his muscular arms around me and kissed me,
tasting now his piss and smegma in my mouth, I got the same feeling of
safety and love that I got when it was Jeff or my Dad!

"I think we should wait for Jeff, don't you?" he asked.

"Well, he did have you without me yesterday but, since we don't keep score,
I guess you're right." I said. "Besides, there's one other little item I'd
like to talk to you about before he gets back."

"Hmm! Sounds important. Okay, I guess I'll take that coffee now." he
smiled.

"How do you like it?" I asked, as he let me free from his arms and I walked
over to the coffee pot.

"Black is fine with me." he said.

I poured him a mug and handed it to him and then poured one for myself,
adding cream and sugar. We sat down at the kitchen table.

"Has Jeff talked to you about my Dad?" I asked.

"Yeah. He told me about him. Sounds like a pretty hot guy! I'd like to hook
up with him." Rusty said. "Why?"

"Well, there's something that you probably ought to know up-front if you're
thinking about hanging around all of us any time at all." I said.

"What's that?" he asked.

"Well...it's a long story but I didn't meet my Dad until a few months
ago. He wasn't allowed anywhere near me when I was growing up because my
grandfather, who is a very rich and powerful man back where we come from,
hates him. I ran away to come find my Dad and that's when Jeff and I
met. On a Greyhound bus on the way to San Diego." I said.

"I guess you're pretty happy about being close to your Dad now?" Rusty
asked.

"Yeah. But it's that 'closeness' I want to talk to you about. You see, Dad
and I are more than father and son in some ways." I said.

"You have sex together." Rusty said, and must have seen the startled look
on my face!

"How did you know?" I asked.

"Its not as unusual as you might think. I had an ongoing sexual
relationship with my own Dad after I grew up. I must have been about your
age when it started. I was in the Corps already. I had wanted him for a
long time but never thought that he'd ever have anything to do with
me. Seems he felt the same thing about me! My mom was staying at my
grandmother's house, nursing her through a broken hip, when I came home on
my first leave. Dad and I got drunk together and it all came pouring out of
us. We had our first sexual experience together that night. We kept on,
every time I came home on leave until he died a couple of years ago. So,
yeah. I understand." he said.

"I'm so glad you do! Jeff and I were hoping to introduce you to Dad and
maybe all of us get together to play but we couldn't do that until we knew
how you would take watching my Dad fuck me or me fuck him." I said.

"I kind of get the feeling that you and Jeff are also trying to do a little
'matchmaking' here?  Putting me and your Dad together?" Rusty smiled.

I must have looked guilty as hell because Rusty started laughing.

"Hey! It's okay! I'm grateful! I really would like to find a man to fall in
love with. God damned but I could fall in love with the both of you if you
didn't have each other already! So, tell me, what's your Dad like?" Rusty
asked.

"He's a 'recruiting poster' Marine! Strong, honest to a fault, and
basically, just look at me and add maybe 10 years and you're looking at my
Dad - we look that much alike!" I said.

"Well, now! That is encouraging because I sure do like the looks of you and
a few years wouldn't hurt at all! How long's your Dad been in the Corps?"
Rusty asked.

"As long as I've been alive - 18 years, now." I said.

"Hmm! Career Marine - I like that. Shows he's got character. Didn't opt out
to go make money in civilian life. He ever been in a relationship with a
guy?" Rusty asked.

I hesitated and he noticed it.

"It's okay. You don't have to tell me if it's too personal." Rusty said.

"No. I don't think Dad would mind. I don't know all the details anyway. Dad
met this guy in boot camp and they became buddies." I said.

"Oh, one of those stories! That happens to a lot of guys! It's how they
suddenly discover that they like other guys better than women." Rusty said.

"No, it's not exactly that. Dad already knew that. Dad was just happily
fucking any hole he could find when he was growing up. One of those holes
produced me. No, this was different. This time, as the old song goes, 'I
Fooled Around And Fell In Love". Only he didn't realize what it was for a
long time. He and the guy had sex, actually made love to each other all the
time, but Dad could never bring himself to say the words to him. Then the
guy was killed in a helicopter training accident and Dad has never really
forgiven himself for not saying them. He's never allowed himself to become
involved with another guy." I said.

"So what exactly makes you and Jeff think that he's going to want to change
that for me?" Rusty asked.

"Actually, several things. Dad sees how happy and in love Jeff and I are
and I think it's getting to him. He can't lie to himself anymore and say
that he doesn't miss or need someone in his life.  I've also been
confronting him about his need to finally bring closure to his relationship
with Bobby Lee, that was the guy's name, so he can move on with his
life. Dad's even beginning to admit that I might be right. And that was
before I met you. Now that I have, I have about three more really good
reasons!" I insisted.

He looked at me funny.

"You are one hell of a hunk! You do know that don't you?" I asked.

He blushed, bringing out all the freckles splattered across his nose.

"I've been told that." he said quietly.

"And you are one hell of a nice guy." I said.

"Thank you." he said simply.

"And you're kinkier than fuck - and so is Dad!" I laughed.

"Well, now! That does make things more interesting!" Rusty grinned.

"Yepper! Dad loves all the stuff that we love!" I said.

"Well, there's one other thing that I love that I have not heard either you
or Jeff mention." Rusty said.

"What's that?" I asked.

"You ever heard of 'handballing'?" Rusty asked.

"No." I said, not having ever heard of that.

"How about it's other name - fisting?" he asked.

"Oh fuck! Yeah! I've heard of that! You like to do that?" I asked.

I did not like the idea of some guy's fist going up my butt and one look at
those huge hands of Rusty's and my butt clenched so hard I rose two inches
in my chair! Rusty must have caught the glance at his hands because he
quickly covered my hand with his and looked me in the eyes.

"I like to be fisted, Mike. I'm a bottom. Oh, I can Top if somebody wants
it and is willing to Top me, but basically I prefer to have it done to me."
he said.

I breathed a sigh of relief and Rusty started laughing.

"I had you scared there for a minute, didn't I?" he laughed.

I blushed hard in embarrassment.

"Yeah. You did. So you don't like to Top?" I asked, the disappointment
showing in my voice.

Damn! I wanted this guy to fuck me!

"That's in fisting only, Mike. I love to Top. Love to shove my hard cock up
the asses of cute, blond 18 year olds!" he grinned, immediately knowing
what it was I wanted.

I was immediately all smiles!

"And you can have this 18 year old's hole anytime you want it!" I said.

At this point, I heard Jeff's key in the door. He came in with two cases of
Heinekin.

"Hey, how you guys doing? I guess you've gotten to know each other, huh?"
Jeff asked.

"Oh, yes, lover! We've gotten to know each other VERY well!" I laughed,
giving him a kiss as I took the beer from him and put it most of it in the
refrigerator. I put one six pack in the freezer to get it cold faster.

"I haven't been gone THAT long!" he grinned.

"Long enough." Rusty laughed. "I seem to have fallen into the perfect
raunchy sex setting that I love!"

"So, you're into watersports?" Jeff asked.

"Oh, yeah! Big time! I would have asked to drink your piss the other day if
we'd had more time and I wasn't afraid of scaring you off!" Rusty said.

"And Rusty's into one thing that we haven't explored. Fisting." I said.

Jeff got an odd look on his face - half fear, half horniness.

"Uhh, I didn't know you were interested in getting fisted." Jeff said to
me.

"I'm not! But Rusty loves to get fisted! I'm sure one or both of us can
accommodate him in that!"  I said.

Jeff's face immeasurably brightened at this!

"Fuck, yeah!" he grinned and looked at Rusty. " I still get to fuck you,
right?"

"Yeah! I love gettin' fucked. I hope you both will!" Rusty said.

"No problem! I just hope you like having that butt of yours eaten!" I said.

"Ohh! I LOVE a good butt eatin'!" Rusty said.

"Well, you're talking to the best ass-sucking mouth in the world!" Jeff
laughed.

"Thank you, lover!" I said, taking a small bow.

"Well, then I can't wait!" Rusty said, leering at me.

"So why wait?" I asked, looking from Jeff to Rusty. "Dinner will hold for
several hours if we want!"

"So what are we waiting for?!" Jeff said, pulling off his t-shirt and
heading for the bedroom.

Rusty and I quickly followed him, stripping as we went. Upon entering the
bedroom, all three of us quickly stripped until we were naked. I stood
there, mesmerized by Rusty's magnificent body!  So much more beautiful
naked than clothed!

Rusty walked over to me first and took me into his strong, muscular arms
holding me against his furry body. I loved the feel of the crinkly hairs of
his chest and belly pressing against my smooth skin. He kissed me deeply
and passionately. Then he pulled his mouth away, slid his arms from around
me and walked the two steps over to Jeff. He then took Jeff in his arms and
kissed him with equal passion. It was so erotic to watch my lover in the
arms of another man. To see his actions and reactions to the deep
passionate kiss. My eyes were always closed when he was kissing me this way
so I never got to see it. After a few moments, Rusty pulled away from Jeff
as well.

"So what do we do first, he asked?" looking at our two erect cocks.

Rusty's weapon was equally erect.

"I suggest that as the guest, we give you pleasure first. Just relax and
let us take over." I said, winking at Jeff.

I led Rusty to the bed and got him to perch on the very edge of it, his
butt hanging half off. I then pushed him back so that he was lying across
the bed while I lifted his ankles. He knew what was coming and eagerly
grabbed his legs under the knees and pulled them back, exposing his very
fragrant ass to my view. The warm mustiness of his crotch rose in my nose
as well as his ripe butt funk. As I buried my nose in his ass-trench, I
could see Jeff climbing over Rusty into a sixty- nine position and taking
Rusty's cock into his mouth.

I inhaled deeply of Rusty's ass trench, loving the smell of musk, sweat,
assjuice and funk I found there. My cock was rock hard and leaking just
from his dark, manly scents. I kept taking in all the smells I could until
I just had to taste his ripe butt. I laved my tongue up and down his butt
trench as I listened to the moaning above me coming from both Rusty and
Jeff, who were deep throating each other's cocks while I happily did what I
loved best - eating butt!

I locked my lips around Rusty's wrinkled ass-pucker, noticing that it
seemed larger than either Dad's or Jeff's. I was in for a very pleasant
surprise when I began sucking on it. The lips pulled easily into my mouth
and the hole opened up wide enough that my tongue slid easily all the way
into the hole! In fact, my tongue was able to move all around inside the
opening, it was so wide. I figured that being fisted had really stretched
the sphincter muscle. Rusty's ass was a real joy to eat because you could
get all the way into it easily without having to spend time and energy
trying to get the guy to relax and open up! Rusty was just instantly
relaxed and ready!

I sat there on the floor, Indian style and ate his butt while he and Jeff
sucked each other's cocks.  After a while, I couldn't take any more. I
wanted someplace to stick my cock and the warm, loose, wet hole my mouth
was devouring seemed like a really good place! I stood and pressed my cock
to the opening and just slid easily in on a layer of my spit and the
cock-snot flowing from my piss-slit. There was no resistance as I buried my
cock in his willing hole right to my pubic hairs. Then, once I was in, I
learned what a 'talented' ass this was! Rusty clenched his butt muscles and
suddenly my cock was locked in a hole as tight as a virgin! I couldn't
believe it! His muscle control was incredible! He didn't hold my cock in
his velvet vice for long, however. He quickly opened back up to allow me
free access to his shit-chute! It was like he was showing me what he
'could' do, if he wanted. I began fucking his hole, loving the gentle, wet
feeling of it.  Never had a ever fucked a hole that was so 'active'!
Tightening as I withdrew, like it didn't want my cock to leave and then
opening wide as I slammed it back inside like it was welcoming my cock back
in its depths! I vowed right there and then I was going to learn this type
of control so that I could drive Jeff and Dad nuts with it!

I couldn't hold out for long against such a talented hole and before I
really wanted to, my cum was spewing out of my cock and coating the walls
of his ass. At the same time, I could tell from the loud moans, as well as
the clenching of his tunnel around my shooting cock, that Jeff and Rusty
were emptying their loads down each other's throats.

Jeff rolled of Rusty and collapsed beside him. I pulled out of Rusty's butt
and climbed onto the bed on Rusty's other side.

"You fuck really good!" Rusty said, nuzzling my neck and then pressing his
mouth to mine, giving me a taste of Jeff's cum.

"I wanted to fuck that hole!" Jeff joked.

"So have at it!" Rusty said.

"And I want you to fuck mine!" I said.

"Well, I need to recover some for that. But, I know what will make me
recover quicker than anything!" Rusty said.

"What's that?" I asked.

"I love to eat butt, too!" he grinned down at me.

"So do I!" Jeff chimed in.

"So why don't we do this; I'll eat Mike's butt while you eat mine. It's got
his cum in it so that should be a nice treat for you. Then you fuck me
while I fuck him. How's that?" Rusty asked.

"Sounds like a plan to me!" Jeff said.

"Sounds like a fucking good plan!" I echoed.

I moved around on the bed until I was on my back with my legs pulled back
to give Rusty full access to my butt. Rusty got on his hands and knees,
spreading his ass for Jeff who got behind him. Now, I'd had my ass eaten by
Josh, by Jeff and by Dad and I loved what each one of them did. But I had
NEVER had my ass so thoroughly and sensuously eaten as what Rusty proceeded
to do to me! I lay there moaning as he did magic to my butt! Then I started
to note each move of his tongue, each suck of his mouth, each nibble of his
teeth on my butt-lips! I wanted to replicate this performance on every ass
I sucked from then on! More, I wanted to have Rusty eating my ass on a
regular basis! I didn't know how I was going to accomplish that one, but
I'd find a way!

My cock was bone hard from the ass-eating that Rusty gave me and, when he
stopped, I could see that his was, too. Looking farther back, I could see
Jeff's 'soldier' standing at attention as well. It was time to get this
triple fuck on the road!

Rusty pulled away from Jeff's eagerly licking tongue in his butt and moved
forward so that I could coat his cock with my saliva. I sucked his cock
into my mouth, taking it down my throat and getting it well coated. He then
pulled back and pressed it to my hole. I pushed down and his thick rammer
began slowly sliding into my well opened and wet ass. He didn't stop until
he was all the way in me. Then he leaned down and kissed me.

"This is the way I want to fuck you - so that I can look into your eyes and
know that I'm giving you all the pleasure I want to give you." he said
softly.

Then he turned his head and looked at Jeff.

"Come on, Cowboy! Mount up and ride that butt!" he grinned.

"YEE HAW!" Jeff shouted and I could feel him sink his cock into Rusty's
very open and willing chute.

The fuck was a monumental one! Rusty's thick cock felt so good in my butt
and the power of being basically fucked by two Marines at the same time was
incredible! Each thrust of Jeff's cock into Rusty's ass added momentum to
his thrusts into mine! At one point, Rusty just rested with his cock buried
all the way in my hole and let the power of Jeff's thrusts fuck me with
Rusty's cock while Rusty kissed me deeply and passionately.

Because all three of us had already gotten off once, the fuck lasted a long
time. It started slowly and sensuously but finally ended up almost brutal
in its speed and power! Oh, what a wonderful way to be fucked! My cock,
which was hard and leaking cock-honey all over my abs didn't need anyone
touching it. The tingling in my balls told me that I was going to cum at
any moment. My ass locked down around Rusty's cock and I began spewing my
load all over my face, chest and abs!

"FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME!!!" I screamed as I came.

At the same time, I could feel Rusty slamming into my hole and then I felt
his cock tremble inside me and knew that he was filling my hole with his
hot, white semen.

"AHH!!! FUCK!!!" he screamed out in ecstasy!

This left Jeff who was pounding away, the thrusts ripping through Rusty's
guts while it was causing Rusty's cock to slam further into mine! Finally
we heard him.

"FUCK!!! FUCKIN' YOUR ASS!!! FUCKIN' YOUR MARINE ASS!!!" he shouted as he
dumped his load of U.S. Marine Corps spoonge up a U.S. Marine Corps ass!

Jeff collapsed on Rusty's back and I expected Rusty to collapse on me, but
he didn't. I think he realized how uncomfortable his weight and Jeff's
would be on me. He stayed raised above me, his sweat dripping on me as he
lowered his face to mine once again to kiss me. I wrapped my arms around
his neck and kissed him passionately!

Something was happening inside me. Something that shouldn't be happening! I
was starting to have some really deep feelings for this beautiful,
red-haired Marine. Feelings that almost made me feel guilty of betrayal of
my love for Jeff! But I could tell one thing - they weren't the same as the
feelings I had for Jeff. Nor were they like the strong feelings I had for
my Dad. They were strong, they were passionate but they were intimately
tied to Rusty and Rusty alone. I didn't now what to do with that, so I
pushed it away, buried it for another time and place. But when Rusty pulled
his mouth from mine, and I looked into his deep green eyes, I suddenly had
the feeling that he not only was feeling something for me, but knew that I
was feeling something for him.

Finally, Jeff pulled out of Rusty's ass and Rusty pulled out of mine. We
all spooned together on the bed. I was in the middle, facing Jeff who took
me in his arms and kissed me passionately while Rusty was spooned to my
back, his arms around both Jeff and me while he licked and nibbled at my
neck and shoulders. Then Jeff rose up and leaned over me as he and Rusty
kissed deeply. I suddenly had in my head this vision...well...maybe not a
vision so much as this hazy idea. A marriage...but not just a marriage of
Jeff and me. A marriage of Jeff and me and Rusty and Dad. I shook my head
at the ramifications of these thoughts and then at the foolishness of them!
A relationship with one other person was hard enough...with four it would
be so complicated we would need the help of a 'super-computer' just to keep
it straight! And, besides - what made me think that Rusty and Dad would go
for something like that! Crazy! But I kept seeing that look in Rusty's eyes
after he kissed me and my guts clenched at it.

"So, you guys wanna fuck some more or are you ready to eat?" I asked.

"Please don't get me wrong about this! I could fuck around with you two
guys for the rest of my life and never get tired of it! But I'm so hungry
I'm about to collapse!" Rusty said.

Jeff laughed.

"Yeah, me too! On all those counts!" Jeff said.

"Well, I make it unanimous!" I said, laughing.

And three naked guys trooped off to the kitchen to have dinner.

The End of Chapter 10 of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 21)

Date: Sat, 14 Feb 2004 15:54:11 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 9

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Nine - Jeff, Dad and Me

We walked into the bedroom where things suddenly got awkward. Dad and Jeff
just stood there, looking at each other, waiting for the other to do
something. Since I had the least amount of clothing on, I quickly stripped
out of my gym shorts, jock and t-shirt so that I was naked. Jeff and Dad
watched me strip, noting my already hard cock, but still just stood
there. I walked over to Jeff, pulled his mouth down to mine and started
kissing him while I began unbuttoning his shirt. I stripped it off him and
then pushed him over to where he was standing by the side of the bed. I
pushed him down until he was sitting on the edge of the bed while I got
down on my knees and began taking off his boots. Jeff tried to stop me but
then Dad spoke up.

"Let him do it, boy. If he hasn't done this for you before, you're in for a
treat!" Dad said.

I looked over my shoulder and smiled at Dad, who was standing there, still
dressed, watching us.  I unlaced Jeff's boots and slipped them off his
feet. I then took both of his feet into my hands and lifted them from the
floor together, pushing them against my face so that I could smell their
scents of leather, sweat and damp cotton. I looked up and saw Jeff raise an
eyebrow at me. This, indeed was a new 'wrinkle' on my affection for his
body scents.

I lowered one foot to the floor and then removed the sock from the one I
still held in my hand.  When the foot was bare, I noted how large Jeff's
feet were! At least size 12! I guessed that the old 'wive's tale' about
guys with big feet was true for, certainly, my love was hung quite well! I
began to suck on his big toe. I looked up when I heard Jeff groan as my
tongue washed over his toes as I gradually added one and then two more to
my mouth, letting my tongue even slip between them to lick out the very
sensitive areas of skin there. Eventually, I had thoroughly washed all his
toes with my tongue and then began licking the top of his foot, allowing my
tongue to flatten out and move over his arching instep.

I then lifted his foot so that his leg was sticking straight out and I was
faced directly with the sole of his foot. I began licking up from his heal
to the ball of his foot. As soon as I did so, he began groaning just as Dad
had done when I had done it to him earlier in the afternoon. I then
switched to Jeff's other foot, repeating the same actions.

"Didn't I tell you, son?" Dad said, but I could tell he was addressing Jeff
- not me.

"Ahh, fuck! I ain't never had someone work on my feet this way! I love it!"
Jeff said while I continued to work on his other foot.

"I used to have this guy who was a total foot fetishist in one of my
platoons. They guy didn't suck cock, get fucked, nothin'! Just loved to
work on guys feet. The sweatier and nastier the better. Well, I'd get back
from one of those little 40 mile humps we would do and I'd have him in my
room where he'd work on my feet for a couple of hours! Hardly had to wash
them after he got done! Didn't really get me off or anything, but, God! It
felt so fuckin' good just lyin' there lettin' him work on 'em!" Dad said.

By this point I had finished with my lover's feet and had knelt up to undo
his belt buckle and to open his fatigue pants. He lifted up so I could
slide them and his boxers down and off his feet.  His long, fat cock
slapped up against his abs as I stripped his pants off. Now he was naked
just like me. I turned around to do Dad, but he had already stripped down
and was standing there with nothing but a grin and a hardon.

Jeff stood up and Dad walked over to him. I got out of their way and Dad
and Jeff wrapped their arms around each other and, pressing their hard
cocks against each other, kissed passionately and deeply for the first
time. I stood there watching, my cock dripping pre-cum from what I was
seeing. It was the most incredible kiss I'd ever seen for, though I'd
kissed Josh, Jeff and Dad this way - I'd never, ever seen two males kiss
before! It looked very different and yet very much hotter than any kiss I'd
ever seen before. That's because the only one's I'd ever seen were between
a guy and a girl - never two guys. Especially never two such totally 'hot'
men - two men that I loved so deeply!

"You are one gorgeous hunk of Marine, son." Dad said to Jeff after their
mouths parted.

"I was just about to say the same thing to you, Dad." Jeff said.

"I would sure love to feel that huge hunk of meat you got there tearin' up
my butt." Dad said.

"Any time!" Jeff grinned.

"Then I say now!" Dad said.

"Uhh! Ahem! Haven't you guys forgotten something?" I interjected.

"Oh, son! Sorry! Yeah! I guess we did!" Dad laughed.

"Did you want to fuck your Dad?" Jeff asked, sheepishly.

"I can wait. What I was more thinking is that perhaps Dad would fuck me
while you're fucking him." I said.

"Well, son, you know I have a real hankering for your tail! I can't think
of anything I'd love more than to shove Daddy's cock up your hole while
this boy here slams that fuck-stick of his up my shit-chute!" Dad grinned.

"So how do we do this?" Jeff asked. "I ain't never done this before."

"It's easy!" Dad said. "Mike, get on the bed on your back and pull your
legs back, son."

I complied immediately. Dad got on the bed between my legs. Jeff handed Dad
the lube and he quickly lubed up my already loosened asshole. After all, it
had only been a couple of hours since Dad's cock had been up me before. Dad
then greased his cock and, putting my legs over his shoulders, slowly slid
his cock all the way inside me and stopped.

"Okay, Jeff - grease up that weapon of yours and slide it up my hole." Dad
told Jeff.

Jeff took the lube and, though I couldn't see, I figured he lubed up Dad's
hole and his own cock before sliding it up Dad's hole. I knew when Jeff's
cockhead breached Dad's sphincter because I saw Dad wince slightly and take
a deep intake of breath and let it out to relax. Finally Jeff announced
that he had bottomed out in Dad's butt.

"Okay. Now, son, pull back about half way." Dad said. "That will give me
room to work."

Jeff evidently did as Dad instructed because Dad began to move in and out
of my hole with his cock. I could tell what was happening - when he pulled
back from my hole, his hole gobbled Jeff's cock all the way and then when
he pushed forward to bury his cock in my hole, Jeff's cock was pulling back
from his.  Dad road between Jeff's cock and my ass for quite a while,
slowly enjoying the double feeling.

"Ahh, fuck! Yeah! Ain't nothin' like fuckin' while you're gettin' your ass
fucked!" Dad groaned at one point.

Finally, I could tell that Jeff had taken all he could and he started
fuckin' Dad himself. Dad just buried his cock in my hole and stayed still
while Jeff began slamming his hard cock into Dad's ass over and over again!
Strange thing was that it was drivin' Dad's cock deeper and deeper into
mine! It was incredible!  I was being fucked by Jeff but with Dad's cock!

Dad's mouth came down on mine and kissed me passionately as we groaned into
each other's mouth while Jeff continued to plow Dad's ass and, by reaction,
my ass as well. I could feel my cock rubbing against Dad's smooth, hard abs
and knew that it was not going to be long before I was shooting my
load. Dad seemed getting there quickly as well. I could tell by the grunts
that my lover was getting close as well. I'm not really sure who went
first. I think it was Dad, who all but screaming in my mouth, started to
unload in my butt. I could feel the tremors of his cock and that triggered
my orgasm. At the same time, I could hear my lover screaming out his
pleasure.

"FUCK!!! YEAH!!! FUCKIN' YOUR MARINE ASS!!!" Jeff screamed as he dumped his
load of cum in Dad's butt.

Dad collapsed on me and Jeff collapsed on him following our joint
orgasm. It was then I found out the problem with being on the bottom of a
three-way fuck! Both Dad and Jeff were big men and bearing the load of both
of them was a bit much for me! I was being crushed by their weight.

"Uhh, guys! Could you...like...uhh...get off me?!" I groaned. "You're a bit
on the heavy side!"

Jeff quickly pulled his bloated cock out of Dad's butt and Dad withdrew his
half-hard cock from mine. The rolled to either side of me, apologizing.

"Sorry, son!" Dad said.

"Yeah, sorry, Mike!" Jeff said sheepishly.

"It's okay. Just got a little oppressive there for a minute." I said, and
then laughed. "But it was sure fun while it lasted!"

"Yeah! It sure was!" Jeff said, his eyes gleaming. "You've got a great ass,
Dad!"

"Thank you, son! As I know you know, my boy has a phenomenal ass as well."
Dad said.

"Well, let's see - I want to eat Dad's ass now because it's got your cum in
it, lover." I told Jeff.

"And I want to eat your butt because it's got your Dad's cum in it!" Jeff
said.

"Hey! Don't I get a butt to eat?" Dad asked.

"Well, how about you eat my butt, and then you can fuck it!" Jeff said.

"Hmm! I like that idea!" Dad said.

"Yeah, and I get to fuck you while you fuck Jeff!" I said to Dad.

"Sounds just great to me!" Dad said, laughing.

We lay down on the bed on our sides in a sort of triangle. My face was
between Dad's legs, Dad's was between Jeff's and Jeff was between mine. We
each began to orally explore each other's cracks, groaning at the scents
and tastes that we found there. I loved sucking cum from a just-fucked butt
and the idea of sucking my lover's cum from my Dad's ass had me so turned
on I could barely stand it!

I had my face buried in Dad's ass. The smells of cum, assjuice, sweat and
musk were making my cock drip with intense horniness. Even though I'd just
cum, the scents and tastes of Dad's butt had brought my cock back to full,
straining hardness. Well, that and the feeling of Jeff's tongue licking out
my hole, gobbling down all of Dad's cockjuice he could find.

"Hey!" said Dad, pulling his face out of Jeff's ass. "Anybody got to piss?"

Jeff and I both pulled our faces out of the ass we were eating and answered
at the same time!

"Fuck! Yeah!"

"So, let's get to it!" Dad said, moving back and taking Jeff's hard cock in
his mouth.

I could feel Jeff put my cock in his mouth as I wrapped my lips around
Dad's hard meat. It took a few moments but I felt Dad's piss begin to spurt
in my mouth. At the same time, I let go of mine into Jeff's and from the
sounds Dad was making, we were all swallowing as quickly as we could.
Dad's salty piss tasted so good and I was one thirsty boy! I sucked down
every drop! Jeff must have been, too, because he got all of mine!

After finishing Dad's piss, I began to slowly suck on his hard cock as Jeff
was doing the same to mine. Soon we were all groaning around a hard piece
of man-meat in our mouths while our own cocks were being expertly sucked by
another mouth! It was a wonderful feeling. I loved sucking cock while mine
was being sucked!

Later that night, I also learned that I loved having my ass fucked while I
was fucking ass when I got to fuck Dad's ass while Jeff fucked me and then
I fucked Jeff while Dad fucked me. I lost count of the number of orgasms we
had but I know that neither Dad or Jeff made it to work the next day! In
fact, Dad never made it back to base that night. The three of us ended up
sleeping together in our bed. For the first time in my life, I got to sleep
in my Dad's arms, as well as my lover's arms as I was laying in the middle
between them. Never in my life had I ever gone to sleep feeling so loved
and protected. The joy of being with the two men who I loved most in the
world was almost overwhelming to me.

In the morning, I fixed breakfast for the three of us. We sat at the table,
all of us naked, laughing and talking and generally being very comfortable
with each other. I could see that our all night sex-marathon had really
bonded Jeff and my Dad. I felt so lucky for this to happen. How many gay
guys can say that their Dad not only accepts the fact that they're gay -
but loves their lover?

If there was any concern on anybody's part that what we had done was wrong
- despite what society might say - there was absolutely no evidence of it!
We were just three very loving, very satisfied males!

After breakfast, Dad kissed both of us and headed back to base. Jeff and I
went back to bed, supposedly to get some more rest. Of course, it was hard
for us to get near each other without getting horny - especially when we
were horizontal! So, we ended up with Jeff fucking me one more time, my
hole very open and wet with both his and Dad's cum in it. Jeff made love to
me slowly and gently until we both came, him deep inside me and me on my
abs - what little cum, my balls could still produce! I don't think Jeff was
able to cum much in me either. He did lean down and lick up the few drops
that were on my abs and licked the rest from the head of my cock before
kissing me deeply. Laying in his arms afterward, neither of us quite ready
to sleep yet, we began to talk.

"I take it that you're pretty happy right now." Jeff said, smiling.

"You've got to be kidding, right? I could not be happier if I tried! That
was the most amazing night of my life - except for one other." I said.

"Which one?" he asked, confused by my answer.

"A night in Las Vegas." I said quietly, smiling back.

"Oh." he grinned.

"Jeff, I love my Dad. I always will. I suppose he and I will have sex
occasionally but you're my lover. You are the man that I want to spend my
life with. What happened between us that night in Las Vegas will always
live in my memory as the most wonderful night of my life! The first time
that anyone ever made love to me. The first time I ever made love to
another man. I'm just so happy that you love me just as I love you! It's
wonderful that Dad loves and accepts me and seems to love you as well, but
it's what happens between us that is most important to me." I told him.

"Okay. Just checking. I know some of this could be overwhelming for you. I
need to know that you're as committed to me as I am to you." Jeff said.

"Do you have any doubt?" I asked, worried at this from him.

"No...well...not really. It's just good to check in with each other once in
a while. I don't want to take you for granted or you to do that to me. We
need to make sure that we are able to keep things open between us." he
said.

"Yeah. I understand and I agree. So, everything okay between us?" I asked.

"Everything A-Okay." he grinned and kissed the tip of my nose!

I giggled at this.

"I do have one question though." Jeff said.

"What's that?" I asked.

"What do you intend to study in college?" he asked.

"You mean what do I want to be when I grow up?" I grinned.

"Yeah, if you want to put it that way!" he grinned back.

"Well, I had thought about becoming a teacher. I'd like to teach in
Elementary School." I said.

"I'm surprised! That's not a profession that most guys would go into. I
mean, there are a lot of male high school teachers but not elementary
school." Jeff said. "I think it's great!"

"Yeah, what I really want to do is teach kindergarten. I love little
kids. I know I'll never have any, but that doesn't change the way I feel."
I said.

"I know. I feel the same way. I love kids, too. I love being around my
brothers' kids." Jeff said.  "If we could have a kid, would you want to?"

I looked at him quizzically.

"Of course! But it's not even worth talking about. We can't have a
kid. Neither of us can get pregnant, remember?" I said.

"There is always adoption." Jeff answered.

"You don't think they'd let two guys adopt, do you?" I asked.

"I'm not sure. But eventually we could look into it. I mean, we're not in
any position to do it now. We can't afford it. But, I don't intend to
remain in the Corps forever and you'll eventually graduate from college and
then we can look at it." Jeff said.

"How come you always get to be the logical one?" I laughed.

"I'm not always logical." he blushed.

"No, that's true. You took a chance on asking somebody you met on a bus to
share your life with you - if that isn't illogical, I don't know what is!"
I laughed.

"I don't agree at all! That was one of my most logical decisions!" Jeff
protested.

"Oh - this I gotta hear! And just how was that logical?" I asked.

"Well...I knew from the moment I met you that you were the one for me! I
wasn't about to let you go!" he said.

I leaned up and kissed him gently.

"And it was one of the best decisions you ever made." I said softly. "At
least as far as I'm concerned."

I snuggled back down in his arms and we fell asleep together for a while.

Waking up a few hours later, we went into the kitchen and we fixed lunch
together. Jeff cut up some vegetables for me while I made a thin white
sauce into which I shredded Parmesan cheese and then I sauteed the
vegetables in olive oil and some Italian seasonings. I drained the
vegetables and then poured the sauce and the vegetables into cooked
fettuccine and tossed it.  While I was doing this, Jeff made garlic bread
in the oven under the broiler. We sat down to lunch and then we went for a
long walk together. Jeff showed me around more and I started to learn the
neighborhood.

Over the next few months, our lives became more settled. Jeff went to work
on the base and I enrolled in a local GED program, since I didn't graduate
high school because of leaving home.  Dad was a part of our lives and came
over to the house for dinner at least a couple of times a week. We usually
also ended up having sex together. It was always wonderful to be in bed
with both of these men that I loved and a deeper bond developed between Dad
and Jeff. In many ways, the term 'Dad' came to be real for both of us.

One night, Dad showed up at the apartment and, after dinner, asked Jeff and
me to come downstairs with him because he wanted to 'show us
something'. Downstairs, Dad showed us a 'new' car. While used, it was 'new'
for Dad. It was a little black Mazda Miata. I loved it instantly, but was
surprised that Dad would buy the little roadster. It just didn't seem like
a car that Dad would want. An SUV, a truck - that was more my Dad. That's
when Dad handed me the keys to the little car and made the following
announcement.

"I wasn't around for your sixteenth birthday or I would have bought this
for you then. But maybe it's for the best because now is when you really
need it. I know it's no fun taking the bus to college everyday. So, now you
don't have to. This is car is for you, Mike." Dad said.

He then handed me an envelop which contained not only the title and
registration in my name but full insurance as well! I threw my arms around
his neck and hugged him, tears running down my face!

"Oh, God! Daddy! I don't know how to thank you for this!" I said.

"Get good grades!" Dad and Jeff answered together!

"Hey! I do! I was a straight 'A' student in school! And I went through the
GED test in record time! The teachers said that I should have been able to
get my High School Diploma. I told them this was a lot less hassle. I
didn't want to tell them that I didn't want to do that since it would let
Mom and Grandfather where I was." I told them.

"They don't know where you are yet?!" Dad exclaimed.

Oops! I hadn't meant that to come out! Me and my big mouth!

"Uhh....no." I said.

"Why not?" Jeff asked.

"I was afraid that my grandfather would try to do something to bring me
back." I said. "You understand, don't you, Dad?"

"Yeah, I guess I do. But I don't think your grandfather's power extends to
California." he said.

"I don't care! I'm not going to take that chance. Besides, I don't feel
like, after what they did they have any right to know anything about my
life. I'm done with them forever! I never want to see either of them ever
again." I said stubbornly.

"I guess I don't blame you son. I feel pretty much the same way. Okay, I
understand and it's your decision to make." Dad said.

"Your grandfather is that powerful?" Jeff asked.

"Where we come from, he is, son." Dad said. "And I wouldn't put it past the
old son-of-a-bitch to try and do anything to make sure that Mike's life was
miserable unless he was under the old man's thumb."

"That is so fucked-up!" Jeff said.

"A man that would do what he's done in the past - like hiding my letters
from Mike - is liable to do anything. Yes, he is incredibly 'fucked-up'!"
Dad told Jeff. "Hey! Mike! Why don't you take this thing for a spin?"

"Yeah!" I exclaimed.

I hopped in the driver's seat.

"Who's gonna go with me?" I asked.

"Well, it's only a 2-seater. I think Jeff ought to go with you." Dad said.

"No! I'll get lots of chances to ride in it. You bought it for him. It
ought to be you. I'm gonna go back inside and wait for ya." Jeff said,
moving back toward the house.

"Okay." Dad said. "Well, let's go, son!"

Dad hopped into the passenger seat and we took off. I drove around for
several blocks and then headed for home. When we got there we went inside
and found Jeff in the kitchen. He'd made a fresh pot of coffee. We had a
cup and then all ended up in the bedroom, enjoying each other's bodies for
a while. We had to give Dad a ride back to base because he drove the Miata
to our place so we all piled into Jeff's truck, with me sitting in the jump
seat in the extend cab. We dropped Dad off at the base and then went back
home. On the way back, Jeff and I talked.

"I can't believe that there's nobody around for your Dad." Jeff said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"You know! Somebody for him - for a lover." Jeff said.

"Yeah, you'd think with 70,000 Marines and civilians on that base he could
find somebody." I said.

"Unless, like you said, he ain't lookin'." Jeff replied. "Maybe we could do
somethin'?"

"Like what?" I asked, wondering what Jeff had in mind.

"Well...maybe we could find somebody for him." Jeff said.

"You mean, like play matchmaker? I don't think that's a very good idea." I
said.

"Why not?" he asked.

"Well...besides the fact that I'm a afraid Dad would see it as us butting
into his personal life..." I started to say.

"Well...he does kind of do that with us." Jeff interrupted.

"Yeah, I guess he does but that's different. He's my Dad. I'm not his! No,
I think that if Dad is going to find somebody, he's going to have to do it
on his own." I said. "After all, we found each other. Dad found it once and
blew it. Maybe it will happen again for him."

"I sure hope so..." Jeff started to say and then stopped.

"Why? What brought this on?" I asked.

"Well...it's just that there's this guy. Another sergeant. He works where I
do. Really good lookin'. He's 28. I think he'd be perfect for your Dad."
Jeff said.

"And what makes you think this?" I asked grinning. "Because he gives you a
hardon?"

"That's besides the point!" Jeff protested.

"Oh, no! I think that's EXACTLY the point!" I laughed, nudging him in the
ribs with my finger.

"Hey! Watch it! You'll run us off the road!" Jeff said, laughing, as he
almost swerved the truck into oncoming traffic.

"I think you'd like to get it on with this sergeant." I laughed.

"Well...actually...I did...kinda..." Jeff said quietly.

"You did?! When?!" I asked, excitedly.

"Just today. We've been given each other the eye for quite a while
now. Today we kind of traded blow jobs." Jeff admitted.

"Kind of? You either did give each other a blow job or you didn't. So which
was it?" I nagged him, knowing that he was uncomfortable with admitting
this to me.

Our original agreement was that we'd talk about it before getting it on
with somebody, but we both had admitted to each other that situations might
come up where this wasn't exactly practical. I mean, somebody wants to give
you a blow job in a broom closet or something - that isn't the time to say
'Uh, I gotta call my lover first.' That would kill the mood pretty quick!
So we had agreed that in situations like that, we'd tell the other one
later. But this is was the first time it had actually happened.

"Well...yeah...we traded blow jobs." Jeff said, his face really reddening
with embarrassment.

"Was he any good?" I asked, grinning.

"Yeah. He was. Really good!" Jeff said enthusiastically. "I told him about
you and he wants to get together with both of us."

"When?!" I said excitedly.

"Well, I thought maybe tomorrow night. How's that?" he asked.

"That's fine with me! So what's he look like?" I asked.

"Well, he's about 6'2" tall and he's got dark red hair and these amazing
green eyes! He's got freckles across his nose and he's got this nice
dusting of hair across his pecs and down his stomach. He's really built!
Looks like he works out really regular! Nice cock! About eight inches and
thick! Oh, and you'll like this - he's uncut! And he doesn't believe in
cologne or deodorant either! Nice fuckin' mansmells in his crotch!" Jeff
said grinning.

"Oow! Yeah! Now that sounds like somebody I'd love to get it on with!" I
said.

"Yeah, I thought so." Jeff laughed.

"So what's his name?" I asked.

"Rusty. Well...that's what he's called. His real name's Russell - Russell
McNab." Jeff said.

"Sergeant Rusty McNab...hmm...sounds good!" I said.

"Yeah, and I'm hopin' it sounds good to your Dad, too." Jeff said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Somethin' that Rusty said to me. When I told him about you, he looked at
me and said 'Fuck!  The good ones are always taken!'. He told me that he
loves playin' around but he really wants a permanent relationship." Jeff
said grinning at me.

"So you're hoping that he and Dad take a liking to each other, huh?" I
looked at him skeptically.

"Well, it could happen! After all, they're both non-coms. They're both spit
and polish Marines.  They're both gay. They both like playin' around and
they both want a partner. I mean, it could happen!" Jeff said.

I leaned over and kissed him gently on the cheek. His arm went around me
and he pulled me close to him, driving with one hand.

"My hopelessly romantic lover!" I grinned up at him. "Yes, it could happen!
And wouldn't it be wonderful if it did?"

"Yeah! It would be great!" he enthused.

"Ahh...did you happen to ask Rusty if he was into watersports or not?" I
asked Jeff.

"No. That didn't come up. I'm sure that if he isn't, your Dad could live
without that, don'tcha think?" he asked.

"Yeah. I suppose he could. It would be nice if Rusty was though." I said.

"Well, maybe we can find out tomorrow night. Speaking of watersports, I'm
glad we're close to home! I gotta piss really bad!" he said.

My eyes must have lit up at this statement because Jeff looked at me with a
stern look on his face.

"No! You're not drinkin' my piss while I'm driving! We almost wrecked that
last time you tried that!" he said.

"I wasn't thinking of that!" I said. "I was thinking of something else. I
was thinking of something new."

"New?" he asked, his curiosity definitely piqued. "Okay! What have got in
that raunchy devious mind of yours?!"

"I was thinking about eating your ass." I said.

"Eat my ass?! What's new about that?!" he snorted. "You eat my ass all the
time!"

"While you're pissing on me?" I said seductively.

"Holy fuck! How the fuck we gonna do that?!" he exclaimed, his voice full
of horny excitement.

"I'll show you when we get home." I said. "I been thinking about this all
day!"

"I'll just bet you have!" he said, giving me another horny grin.

We got home a few minutes later. We were stripping even as we ran up the
stairs to the apartment and were naked soon after closing and locking the
front door.

"Follow me to the bathroom!" I said and ran there with Jeff hot on my
heels.

I lay down in the tub, my knees bent and my head just a bit of my shoulders
resting on the slanting back of the tub. Jeff stood beside the tub looking
at me. I raised my arms and put them behind my head.

"Okay, just get in, put your feet beside my ribs and then squat down." I
directed him.

He did as I asked and soon his fragrant butt was a few inches from my face.

"I sure hope you still have to piss!" I said.

"Oh, fuck yeah! Like a fuckin' race horse!" he assured me.

I reached out with my hands and grabbed his hips, pulling is ass down to my
eager mouth and nose. I first took a couple of deep whiffs of his butt
smell.

"Ahh! Fuck! I love the smell of your butt!" I groaned.

"Yeah! Snort it all up! I keep it smellin' that way, just for you!" Jeff
growled deep in his throat.

I quickly needed more than to smell his ass! I had to taste him! I ran my
tongue up and down his trench once, tasting the musk, sweat and assjuice
there.

"Okay! Let it rip!" I said, lightly slapping his butt.

I no sooner did this than I could feel his hot piss shooting out in a
strong stream all over my stomach, pubic hair and cock! It felt so good as
I went back to licking his pungent ass-crack, letting my tongue slowly
savor the man-flavors I found there while my nose was still smelling the
man-scents of his hole as well.

He took a long had piss all over me while I continued to feast at his ripe
butt hole. As his stream slowed, I reached between his legs and pulled his
cock back, putting my mouth around the head and drinking down the last
spurts of his hot, salty piss! Then, as a surprise, I began to let fly with
a 'gusher' of my own piss.

Jeff leaned over, careful not to pull his now rapidly growing cock from my
mouth and, grabbing my pissing cock, began directing my stream all over
both of us, wetting us both down with my yellow cock-juice, while I
continued to suck on his hard cock.  Then, as my flow began to diminish,
leaning over further and wrapping his lips around my pissing cock-head,
Jeff began drinking down my piss with equal gusto while I began to suck on
his rapidly hardening cock. My piss continued to flow and he continued to
gulp it down until there was no more. Then he, too, began to suck on my
cock, making it harden.

I figured that this would be how we would cum, our piss-wet bodies in a
sixty-nine position, gulping each other's load down each other's
throat. But I hadn't figured on what my lover was feeling. Evidently, that
short time of having his butt eaten only ignited a fire in his asshole and
he finally pulled off my cock and stood up in the tub, pulling is cock from
my mouth.

I looked up at him questioningly as he turned around and looked down at
me. He just smiled and began squatting down, grabbing my hard cock with his
hand and guiding it to his asshole as he descended. He sat right down on my
cock, taking it inside him as smoothly as could be! I groaned deep in my
throat as I felt my cock surrounded by the hot, velvet walls of his
shit-chute!  Fuck! I loved fucking his ass! Just as much as I loved getting
fucked in mine!

He began to smoothly glide up and down my rigid pole, pulling up until
nothing but the head of my cock was left in his gripping ass-ring and then
sliding down, impaling him self as far as he could on each downstroke. As
his ass hit bottom, I would jab up with my hips, getting that last few
millimeters of cock buried in his hole, really nudging my cockhead as deep
as possible into his tunnel. He grunted on each thrust as my hard cock
punched past his prostate, giving him a little extra jolt of pleasure.

His own cock was as hard as steel and bouncing before my eyes. I watched it
as it dribbled cock- snot on my abs, running my fingers around in the
mixture of pre-cum and piss and then bringing my fingers to my sucking
mouth to taste the concoction! Fuck! That was raunchy and good! He grinned
down at me as he continued to ride my cock!

"Yeah, fucker! Ride that cock, Cowboy! Fuckin' get off on my fuckin' cock!"
I groaned.

"Oh, fuck yeah! I love this fuckin' cock in my hole! I love when you fuck
me with it!" He moaned.

I could feel his hole tightening in a rhythmic way as he began to get close
to cumming. My own cock was well on it's way to spewing my load of cum into
his guts as well. He began to ride my cock, faster and faster, coming down
harder onto my pelvis with each thrust. Eventually he was slamming down as
I was slamming up until neither of us could take it anymore. I felt his
shit- hole clench around my cock and that's all I could take. My white hot
spoonge began to coat the insides of his hot, wet hole!

"FUCK!!! CUMMIN'!!! I'M CUMMIN' IN YOUR ASS!!!" I shouted out and the sound
reverberated around the tiles of the bathroom.

"YEAH!!! SHOOT UP MY ASS!!! I'M CUMMIN'!!!" Jeff shouted as his cock began
unloading his load of man-cum all over my face, pecs and abs until I was
streaked with the white mess.

He looked down at me all covered with piss, sweat and cum and started
laughing.

"What are you laughing at?" I panted.

"If Rusty ain't into piss, we'll just bring him in here and let him watch
us! That should get him over any hang-ups he might have!" Jeff laughed.

I started laughing, too!

"Yepper!" I laughed. "We'll turn that Jarhead into a piss freak in nothing
flat!"

The End of Chapter Nine of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 22)

Date: Sat, 14 Feb 2004 15:53:29 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 8

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Eight - Dad and me - and Jeff

When we got to the bedroom, Dad pulled me back into his arms, kissing me
deeply. My body yielded against his and I felt somehow transported back in
time. I was again a little boy. That little boy that so desperately wanted
a Daddy to love him. A Daddy to hold him and tell him that he was 'Daddy's
Boy'. Now, suddenly I had that. Not in the way I ever envisioned it, but
maybe in a better way. I don't know. I knew that I ought to feel that what
we were about to do was somehow wrong, but I just couldn't! This felt so
good! This felt so loving! This felt so right!

"Are you sure this is what you want, Mike?" Dad asked softly, pulling back
from the kiss.

"Oh, yes, Daddy! More than anything in the world!" I swore to him.

He looked at me funny.

"That's the second time you've done that." he said.

"Done what?" I asked.

"Called me 'Daddy'." he said.

I could feel the heat in my face as I blushed.

"I didn't realize I did this time. I can't help it. So much of this is tied
up in how much I wanted you when I was a little boy. I wanted you there to
hold me and give me the love that no one else would. It's not that I don't
want you as a man. God! How much I want you as a man!  But...well...I need
you as my 'Daddy' as well. I need the love that only you can give me. And I
need to show you how much I love you. But I'm a man now, and this is, for
me, the best way that I can show you that. Does that make any sense?" I
asked quietly.

"Yes, son. It does. It makes a lot of sense. At least to me. It's a lot of
what I'm feelin' about you right now. You've grown into one beautiful man,
son, and I'd want to fuck you no matter who you were! But you're also my
son. The boy I wanted so badly but never could have. Yeah, now that you are
a man, I want to show you how much I fuckin' love you - the way a man shows
how much he loves somebody." Dad said. "A lot of folks would say this is
wrong, though."

"Fuck 'em!" I grinned. "This feels too right to be wrong!"

"Yeah! Fuck 'em!" Dad grinned and then we were kissing again.

Our hands started moving over each other's bodies. I could feel Dad's hands
moving down and finally grabbed my butt and started kneading it. I groaned
into his mouth.

"Boy, you've got too many fuckin' clothes on!" Dad moaned.

"Look who's talking!" I grinned.

We pulled apart and I quickly stripped. Dad only had his shirt off by the
time I was naked, but I was only wearing a t-shirt and jeans with
sandals. I knelt at his feet and began to take off his combat boots.

"Boy, you don't have to do that." Dad said.

I looked up at him.

"I want to." I said.

"Then let me sit down on the bed." Dad said, acquiescing to my desire.

I don't know why I wanted to, but I did. I moved over and, sitting down on
the floor, finished untying his boots and began to slip them off. The scent
of leather, sweat and warm cotton hit my nose and I found it extremely
erotic! As I pulled of his boots and set them aside, I took his foot in my
hands and began to nuzzle it, rubbing my face against it and allowing the
scent to surround me. I then pulled off his sock and began to lick the top
of his foot and moved down until I was sucking on his toes.

"Ahh, fuck! Boy! Who taught you to do that!" Dad groaned.

"Nobody." I said, looking up at him. "I've never done it before. Does it
feel good?"

"Fuck! Does it! Damn, boy! You've truly inherited my kinkiness! I love
suckin' on a stud's toes!" he grinned. "Wait 'til I do it to you! I'll show
you how fuckin' good it feels!"

I grinned back at him and went back to sucking on his toes, taking each one
between my lips and licking and sucking on it. I even licked between his
toes. Then I held his foot up and licked from the heel all the way up to
the ball of his foot.

"Fuck! Damn!" he gasped as I did this.

I guessed it did feel good!

I switched feet at this point, giving the same treatment to the other one,
eliciting the same response from him. Finally, I wanted to move on. I rose
up onto my knees and began unbuckling his pants. I then opened them and he
raised up so that I could slip them down and off him, along with his
briefs. There before me was my Dad's hard cock! Uncut, like mine and
looking a great deal like mine (genetics wins again!), with the very tip of
the head peeking out of his hood, a glistening drop of pre-cum clinging to
his piss-slit. I leaned down and licked it off, tasting the salty-sweetness
of him. The warm aroma of male crotch rose in my nose and I groaned, as I
buried my nose in his fragrant blond pubic hair. The scent of sweat, musk
and male rut assailed my nose and I groaned in desire!

I was just about to begin licking through his pubic hair when he reached
down and pulled me up to kiss me. A deep, passionate kiss.

"Come up on the bed." he murmured.

"Not yet. Lemme continue. Please?" I begged.

"Okay." he said, smiling and letting me go.

I went backdown as he leaned back, resting on his outstretched arms behind
him, presenting me with his full groin. He also spread his legs more,
giving me complete access to him. I once again buried my face in his groin,
drawing in all the manly scent - breathing deeply and loudly.

"Yeah! Suck in all my scent! You like the way a man smells, boy" he
growled.

"Oh, fuck, yeah! I love your scent!" I vowed.

"It's all yours, boy! Have as much as you want!" Dad said.

I buried my nose into his pubic hair again and began to lick. I tasted the
saltiness of sweat and possibly a few stray drops of piss. I licked through
the wiry hair and then licked around the base of his cock moving down to
his nut-sack, which was drawn up tight to the base of his cock. Dad was
super horned and I completely understood! So was I!

I began licking the wrinkly sack with his balls held tight inside. The
taste and smell of Dad's nuts were strong and manly! The saltiness of sweat
and the tang of musk covered his ball-sack and transferred to my tongue. I
licked and nibbled at his sack, hearing him moaning above me. I loved the
deep, masculine groans that were coming involuntarily from him! I drove me
to greater heights of horniness!

I licked all over his sack and then began licking at the patch of skin
below his balls, leading to his ass-crack. He knew what I wanted because he
slid forward to the edge of the bed and then pulled his legs back, opening
his butt trench to my view. The deep furrow was hairless, like my own, and
the hole was more elliptical than round, with deep puckers and a dark,
dusty rose color. The scent of his butt wafted up to my eager nose and I
breathed deep. Oh, fuck! Yeah! The smell of a man's ass! My favorite scent
in the world! I snorted loudly, moving my nose up and down his crease,
dragging in all the butt-smell I could. I was in ass-pig heaven!

But soon, smelling wasn't enough! My tongue began at the base of his spine
and began licking up his cleft, across his pouty hole and on to the base of
his balls. Over and over again, my tongue made this trek. Faster and fasted
until I was licking it like a fucking dog! Tasting the sweat, the musk, the
ass juices! It was a sensual feast I was having at his butt!

"Yeah, boy! Lick that ass! Lick my fuckin' butt! Eat me out, boy! Shove
your tongue up Daddy's hole and eat me the fuck out!" Dad ordered and, like
a good Marine - I obeyed!

I locked my lips around his puckered hole and began to suck the asslips
into my mouth, gently chewing on them. I pushed my tongue against his hole
and felt it flower out as he pushed down with his ass muscles to open it
for me. My tongue slid easily all the way into his tangy, dark hole.  This
was an ass that had been well-used! Evidently, Dad was well used to taking
Marine dick up his hole on a regular basis! His hole was really fun to eat
because it opened so easily, allowing my tongue to slide in and out without
having to fight it's way in. I tongue fucked his hole until my poor tongue
felt like it was numb from all the 'exercise'!

I moved up his body again, licking from his hole, up across his balls and
the length of his thick cock! It reminded me so much of my own, it was like
finally being able to suck my own cock! I got to the tip and found that
there was now a pool of cock-snot on his tight abs from where his cock had
been leaking while my tongue was eagerly eating out his ass. I licked up
the pool of man-honey and then slid my mouth down over the head of his
cock, swirling my tongue around to get the flow of his pre-cum as my lips
pushed back the wrinkled skin of his hood.

What I'd hoped to find there was smegma, and I wasn't disappointed! There
wasn't a lot, but what there was, was pungent and powerful! The taste was
extremely tangy and raunchy and I moaned around his cock as I licked the
underside of his cock-head clean.

"Yeah! That's it, boy! Lick me clean! Get all that fuckin' cheese! You love
Daddy's cheese, don'tcha?!" Dad groaned as I worked on his meat.

I moaned around his cock, not wanting to let go of it even to answer. I
began sliding it deeper and deeper into my mouth until it hit the back of
my throat. I pushed and it began to slide into my tight throat
muscles. Because of the angle I was at, though, I couldn't take the whole
thing inside me. I pulled off and was about to move around to where I could
when Dad grabbed me and pulled me down on the bed, his arms around me, his
mouth pressed to mine, tasting all of his own raunch - his balls, his cock,
his butt, that he could taste.

"My turn, son!" Dad said, pulling his mouth from mine.

He didn't waste any time. Dad knew just exactly what he wanted and like any
good Marine, went straight for it! He got between my legs and pushed them
up and back. I grabbed hold of them, pulling them almost back to my chest,
exposing my whole groin and ass to his inspection.

"Fuck! What a pretty hole you got, boy!" Dad said and then laid down on the
bed and pushed his face into my ass-crack.

I could hear him taking deep whiffs of my ass-scent, just as I'd done of
his.

"Fuck! I love the smell of boy-butt!" Dad groaned, almost to
himself. "Almost as much as I love the taste!"

Saying this, his tongue began to move up and down my trench, licking me and
driving me crazy!

"Ahh! Fuck! Yeah! Lick my ass! Come on! Shove your tongue up my hole! Eat
me out!" I begged.

Dad didn't make me wait. I felt his mouth at my hole and then his tongue
pressing to enter. I did what he had done and pressed down with my ass
muscles to loosen the hole for his tongue. I could feel it gradually
sliding deep inside me. I couldn't relax my sphincter to the extent that he
could, but it was enough. Dad tongue fucked me, setting fire to my ass! All
I could think about was his thick fucking cock buried balls-deep in my
hole! I wanted him to fuck me! I wanted him BAD!

"Fuck me! Please! Fuck me, Daddy!" I begged, again using this childhood
term without even realizing it at the time.

"Oh, fuck! Yeah, boy! Daddy's gonna fuck you! Daddy's gonna fuck your
pretty little ass real good for ya! Ya want it, too, don'tcha! Ya want it
real bad, huh, boy? Want Daddy to pound your fuckin' ass for ya? Tell me,
boy! Tell Daddy what ya want!" Dad groaned as he began to shove one and
then two fingers up my ass.

"Fuck! Yeah! Daddy! Fuck me! Fuck your boy! Fuck me good, Daddy! Fuck me
HARD!" I begged as he wanted me to.

Dad reached over and grabbed the bottle of lube sitting on the bedside
table from this morning when Jeff had fucked me. He began working it into
my hole until three of his slimy fingers were moving easily in and out of
me. Then he lube up his own cock and rose up on his hand and stiffened arms
over me, his cock nudging at my greased hole. He looked down at me and
grinned.

"I never thought when I fucked your Mama that one day I'd be fuckin' you!
Fuckin' my son with the very cock that fucked him into existence! Fuckin'
my cum into your guts, just like I shot my load into your Mama to make
you!" he said.

This set my soul on fire! The idea of it! So taboo, so incredibly taboo!
Being fucked by the cock that made you! Taking the cum deep inside you that
created you! Your own father's cum! The thoughts were mesmerizing to me! I
couldn't stop thinking about it and the more I thought about it, the more
intense my desire for him was!

"Daddy! Fuck me! Fuck your load into me! Gimme the fuckin' cum that made
me! Fuck me like you fucked Mama!" I begged, delirious in my desire for
him!

His cock pressed forward and slowly entered my chute. I could feel the
thickness of his cock spreading my tunnel open. It was Daddy's cock!
Daddy's cock coming home to the ass that it made! The thoughts running
through my head would have had a team of psychiatrists studying me for the
next 100 years!

Once his cock was firmly planted as deep in my ass as it would go, he
stopped and, grabbing my legs, wrapped them around his waist. Then he
leaned over me, resting this time on his elbows and looking down into my
face.

"I'm in you, boy! Daddy's all the way inside you! You've got Daddy's cock
just where you wanted it. How's it feel, boy? How's Daddy's cock feel?" he
asked.

"Oh, Daddy! If feels so fuckin' good!" I groaned, my eyes filling with
tears at the strong emotions running through me.

There is no way to describe what I was feeling. This was the man who I owed
my existence to.  This was the man who I loved like no other human male on
the face of the earth. As much as I loved my mate, I loved this man equally
- but in an entirely different way. A way I couldn't exactly explain, even
to myself.

"You okay, son?" Dad asked, seeing my tears, his voice filled with concern.

"Oh, yes, Daddy! I'm just so happy! I love you so much!" I assured him.

"And I love you, son! So fucking much! Let me show you how much, son." he
begged.

"Yes, Daddy! Fuck me! Make me a part of you again!" I begged him.

His mouth came down on mine in a passionate kiss while his hips began to
pump his thick cock in and out of my stretched hole. Because of the
thickness of his cock, like Jeff's, each time his cock slid in or out, it
slid hard against my aching prostate, making me feel like I was almost
continually cumming! I looked up into his face. A face so much like mine
but older. It was almost like I was being fucked by myself! An older me!

I wanted this fuck to last forever, but our desire for each other was too
strong! Dad was soon fucking me so fast and so hard I knew it was only
going to be a very short time and I would cum and from the erratic
movements of his pounding hips against my ass cheeks and the 'slap-slap-
slap' sounds that it was making, I could tell that he was not going to last
long either. Suddenly, I felt his cock swell in my butt and that's all it
took for me!

"FUCK ME, DADDY! I'M CUMMING!!!" I screamed out as my cock drenched my
chest and belly with my copious spoonge.

I could feel the shudders go through Dad's body as my shit-chute trembled
around his plunging cock and he, too, slid into orgasm!

"FUCKIN' YOU, BOY! FUCKIN' MY SON! YEAH! CUMMIN' IN YOUR BUTT, BOY!!!"  he
screamed out as his cock jumped in my ass, shooting his Marine cum deep
into my guts.

I don't know how many times each of us shot. It seemed to last forever but
then Dad collapsed on top of me, sweaty and smelling of sex and sweat and
man-rut, his hard cock still buried in my fucked hole. I wrapped my arms
around him, holding him, loving him while we both came back to earth from
the universe of feelings we had both just experienced.

The after-quakes of sex caused his cock to jump in my ass a few times. Each
time my ass reacted by squeezing his cock which caused both of us to
groan. Finally we lay quietly, glued together by my cum and his sweat. He
rose up slightly to look down at me.

"Are you okay, son?" he asked quietly.

"More than okay, Dad!" I smiled. "I feel totally wonderful!"

"I didn't hurt you, did I?" he asked.

"No, Dad. You couldn't." I said.

"You are one hell of a fuck, boy! Did you know that?" he grinned.

"Well, that's what Jeff tells me but I can't fuck myself, so I'll never
know!" I grinned back.

"Trust me, son. He's telling you the truth!" Dad said.

"He always does, Daddy." I said, using the term of endearment purposely
this time.

"You sure he's gonna be okay with this?" Dad asked.

"Yes, Dad. He's gonna be okay with this - especially if he can get in on
it!" I grinned.

"I just don't want to ever cause problems between the two of you. I can see
how much you two love each other. I don't want to do anything to fuck that
up." he said, seriously.

"You can't, Daddy. What Jeff and I have is totally different. I love you as
much as I love him, but I love you both in totally different ways. Jeff
understands that." I said.

I could feel Dad's cock softening and then slowly sliding out of my ass. He
grinned at me and then slid down my body until he was once again lying flat
on the bed between my legs. I knew what he wanted and pulled my legs back
again. His mouth pressed against my ass and he began to suck his cum out of
me. I could feel his tongue working deep inside of me, gathering all of his
cum and my ass juices that he could. His tongue soothed the raw tissues of
my butt and made my cock jump at the feeling.

Dad moved up over me again, and I pushed up, meeting his mouth with my
own. He opened his mouth and a large deposit of his cum from my ass slid
into my mouth so I could taste and swallow it. My tongue eagerly licked out
his mouth getting all the remnants of his cum and my ass that I could. Then
Dad did something I wasn't expecting! He turned so that he was laying
beside me, his face in my crotch, in a classic sixty-nine position. He took
my cock in his mouth and began cleaning all the cum from it. I sucked his
softened cock in my mouth to do the same, tasting his cum and my ass on
it. I loved the taste!

Dad then stopped sucking on my cock and just held it gently in his
mouth. It was then I realized what he wanted! I stopped sucking on his and
held it in my mouth, waiting. I didn't have to wait long, in a few seconds,
a jet of his hot piss spurted into my mouth. I swallowed it down and let go
with my own flow into his mouth. We lay there, pissing in each other's
mouths, tasting each other's salty piss and drinking it down! It was like
drinking my own piss! I could feel myself pissing at the same time I was
drinking mouthful after mouthful of his hot, salty piss!

Our flow finally stopped but we continued to nurse on each other's cocks
until we were sure that we had gotten every drop. Then Dad moved back
around on the bed and took me into his arms again, kissing me deeply,
allowing both of us to taste our piss in each other's mouths.

"You wanna fuck me, now?" he asked quietly.

"No. I want us to save it for when Jeff gets home! I have a feeling that
this is going to be a long night!" I laughed.

We lay there for a long while, touching and talking to each other. I felt
as loved and protected in Dad's arms as I did in Jeff's. I was constantly
reminded of how lucky I was to have these two, wonderful, loving, hunky
Marines in love with me! We didn't bother to shower. I told Dad that Jeff
was just like us - loving the natural scents of a man's body - and would
appreciate us staying just the way we were.

Jeff got home about four o'clock, as he said he would. I met him at the
door just wearing a pair of gym shorts, and he kissed me. Then he buried
his nose in the bend between my neck and shoulder.

"You smell like sex!" he grinned a wolfish grin. "Is that from this
morning?"

"Uhh...no. Dad's here. He's in the kitchen." I said.

"You did it?!" he asked, his face in a wide grin.

"Yeah. We did." I grinned back.

"How was it?" he asked, smiling.

"You'll find out later. After dinner." I smirked.

"Your kidding!" his face lit up like the Fourth of July!

"Nope. I told Dad you wanted him and, trust me - he wants you! I figured
all three of us could play. How's that?" I asked.

"That's fuckin' wonderful!" he said, squeezing me in his arms. "You don't
mind sharing?"

"Not with you! Never with you!" I grinned.

We walked into the kitchen and I caught the look that Dad gave Jeff. I
could tell, no matter what I'd told him, Dad was still afraid of a negative
reaction from Jeff to him fucking me - Jeff's mate.  Males have to learn to
share when it comes to sex. There natural instinct is a rather selfish
attitude - 'This hole is mine! No other male gets to fuck it!'. And maybe
that works with females, who tend to be more faithful to males than males
tend to be to them but, when it's all males, each male's hole is his own!
He decides who's gonna fuck it! After all, it's a pretty stupid attitude to
begin with, considering the fact that males often try to fuck as many holes
as they can!

Dad stood up when Jeff walked in and tentatively stuck out his hand. Jeff
grabbed it and pulled Dad into an embrace, hugging Dad close until Dad
finally put his arms around Jeff, hugging him back. A thrill went through
me seeing the two men I love so much showing such love to each other! I
could only imagine what it was going to be like watching them make love to
each other!

I served the stew that had simmered all day and a salad that Dad had helped
me throw together along with some hot rolls and butter. I didn't make
dessert because, quite frankly, I didn't eat sweets very much. Not for
health reasons, just didn't particularly like them. I didn't have a chance
to ask Jeff about his preferences (there were still so many little things
we had to learn about each other!). I did ask Dad and was not the least bit
surprised to find that he felt exactly the same way I did. Damn! I gotta
study genetics in college!

Both Jeff and Dad were highly complimentary about dinner, praising my stew
as the 'best' they'd 'ever tasted'. I had to laugh.

"You two eat most of your meals in a mess hall! I'll bet almost ANYTHING
would taste better than that!" I grinned.

"Hey! The Marine Corps provides pretty good chow to its men! Haven't you
ever heard the maxim that an army travels on its stomach?" Dad asked.

"Yeah, but I'll bet that's the only time you've ever used the word 'army'
without a cuss word before or after!" I crowed and Dad had the good grace
to look chagrined.

I was well aware of how the Marine Corps felt about its 'sister services' -
especially the Navy!  However, you really want to get a Marine riled up?
Call him a 'soldier'! He is NOT a 'soldier' - he is a MARINE and you'd
better NOT goddamned forget it, either!

"Mike, it really is good. I'm telling you, you cook as well as my Mom
does." Jeff said. "That's about as high a compliment as a guy can pay."

"Thank you, lover. However, in my case, anybody in the world - including
you - can cook better than my Mom can!" I laughed.

"Oh...yeah...forgot about that. Sorry." Jeff said.

I leaned over and kissed his cheek.

"No need to be sorry. I really do thank you for the compliment. You, too,
Dad. I like cooking - especially for people who really enjoy eating. That
seems to not be a problem with Marines! You guys seem to love to eat!" I
smiled.

"Eatin', fuckin', fightin'. What the fuck more is there to life!" Dad
laughed.

"Loving." I said quietly.

"Yeah." Dad said, "There is that. When you can find it."

"Dad, you just have to look. I swear it's out there for you! I can't
believe that in all this time nobody's snatched you off the market." I
said.

"Yeah, Sarge. You are one helluva fuckin' Marine stud and, pardon me, but a
helluva nice guy as well. Any guy would be crazy not to want to spend their
life with you. Why, if I hadn't already found your son, I might have made a
play for you myself." Jeff said.

"Well, you two may see it that way but you're both prejudiced! Mike, you're
my son so you're gonna think that and Jeff, you're his lover and are gonna
feel that way to keep peace in the family - if for no other reason!" Dad
grinned.

We both protested that wasn't true! Dad held up his hands to silence our
protests.

"Look, guys. I know you think that just because you found each other so
quickly and easily that it works that way for everybody. It don't. Trust me
on this. Ya see, it ain't just whether or not a guy is attracted to me. Not
to blow my own horn - wish I could! - but there have been plenty of those
over the years. But most of them just want to fuck and move on. That's
fine. In most cases I felt the same way. But I ain't found a guy that I'd
be interested in seeing more than a few times. It ain't sex. Sex is the
least of it. I just ain't ever got that certain feeling when I've met a guy
that tells me that I'd like to pursue something beyond just fuckin'. I felt
that with Bobby Lee, almost from the first. But I ain't never felt it
again." Dad said.

"But it could happen, Dad. I still think you've been pushing it away." I
said.

"Well...I thought about what you said last night about that, Mike. And I'll
be the first to admit that you may be right. But I don't know how I stop
doing it because I don't know how I do it to begin with." he said.

"There's a word that you hear a lot, Dad. It's kind of gotten over used
these days, but it still a good word. It's 'closure'. It's bringing
something to an end or recognizing that something has ended. It's over and
you can't change that. No matter what you did or didn't do - it's too late
to change it and you need to bring things to 'closure' and just go on with
your life. Learn a lesson and don't do the same thing next time." I said.

"So you're sayin' I need to bring me and Bobby Lee to closure. I thought I
pretty well done that when I visited his grave." Dad said.

"Maybe you did come to closure on his death but I don't think you did on
your relationship with him. Those are two different things. In your mind,
you're still in love with him. And you're still trying to find some way to
finally tell him that. But you can't because he's gone. But I know he knew,
Dad. Trust me, you would never have to say it to me. I can see it in your
eyes, every time you look at me. Just like I see it in Jeff's eyes whenever
he looks at me. Bobby Lee knew you loved him. And I'll give you proof." I
said.

"Proof? What kind of proof? You didn't even know him!" Dad protested.

"I don't have to. I know guys. God know's I've watched them and studied
them all my life!  When you're attracted to something, you tend to do
that. Okay - here's my proof. Bobby Lee told you - probably more than once
that he loved you, right?" I asked.

"Yeah. He said it a number of times." Dad said.

"Did he ever once ask you if you loved him?" I asked.

Dad looked at me funny and then sat there silent for a long time. I could
see he was thinking - going through his memories. Finally he looked at me.

"No! He never did! Why? What does that prove?" he asked.

At this point, Jeff, who'd been listening to all this, started chuckling!
Dad looked at him, a flash of anger on his face.

"What's so funny?!" Dad growled.

"I'm not laughin' at you!" Jeff said. "But don't you see? Don't you get it?
He never asked because he never had to! He knew! He didn't need to hear you
say it!"

"Bingo! My brilliant lover gets it!" I laughed.

Dad sat there for a few moments, a look of bewilderment on his face.

"You're sayin' that Bobby Lee never asked me because he already knew how I
felt?" Dad asked.

"Exactly. Dad, haven't you ever heard the old saying about don't listen to
what people say, watch what they do? I know that in everything thing you
said, everything you did, every moment you were together, your actions were
screaming out how much you loved him! And I know that, because it's just
like that when you're with me." I smiled gently.

That brought Dad up short! Let him deny that one!

"Yeah, that's true." Dad said sheepishly.

"Just like what you did for me this morning." I said.

"You mean the...well...that was a little different....uhh..." Dad
stuttered.

It was clear that Dad was thinking about us having sex - not what I was
talking about.

"No! Dad! Earlier!" I said.

"What?" he asked, obviously thoroughly confused.

"About school." I said.

"Oh! That!" he said, finally clicking into the right idea.

"What about school?" Jeff asked.

"Jeff, Dad's offered to put me through school. It seems that because I'm a
'service brat', I get reduced tuition and can get help from the Corps as
Dad's son. He can also continue to cover me for medical insurance, just
like he's always done, though - until today - I didn't know it." I said.

"Really?! That's great!" Jeff enthused.

"I mean I'm still gonna need to get a part-time job so that I have money
and something to contribute to things around here, but I'll be able to go
to school after all!" I said.

"Look, Mike, you don't need to get a job. I can take care of us. Really I
can." Jeff protested.

"Jeff, please don't go getting all 'macho' on me! I'm not asking you to
take care of me. I want to be your partner - not your dependent. I want to
have my own money and I want to feel like I'm an equal partner around
here." I said.

Dad started laughing now.

"What?" Jeff and I looked at him together.

"Oh, nothing. Except Mike's right, Jeff. A man's got to feel like he's
pullin' his own weight.  And, since Mike seems to be my son in every other
fuckin' way, he's probably just as stubborn as I am as well about shit like
that!" Dad grinned.

"Yep! Genetics work!" I grinned at Dad.

"Okay! Okay! I give in! Don't I get to help out at all?" Jeff said.

"Oh, you've got the most important job of all, son!" Dad said to Jeff.

"What's that?" Jeff asked.

"You get to keep him happy and feeling loved and supported while he does
it. Best way for a man to tackle any challenge is to know he's loved and
supported - and his nuts are drained on a regular basis!" Dad laughed.

Jeff and I both joined him in laughing.

"Ahh...speaking of draining nuts on a regular basis...I figured that we
could have 'dessert' in the bedroom." I said.

Dad looked at me and then at Jeff. Jeff, on the other hand, looked at Dad
and then me. We were all grinning very horny grins at each other.

"Thought you'd never fuckin' bring that up! I been sittin' here with a
hardon this whole damned time!" Jeff exclaimed.

"Well, we'll just have to go take care of that for you, son!" Dad said.

"Leave the dishes. I'll do them later!" I said and got up and headed for
the bedroom.

Dad and Jeff were right behind me!

The End of Chapter Eight of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 23)

Date: Sat, 14 Feb 2004 15:52:52 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 7

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter 7 - Alone with Dad

Early the next morning, I awoke alone. I could hear movement in the
kitchen, so I knew that Jeff had not left for the base yet. I was just
thinking about getting out of bed and joining him when he came back into
the bedroom, still gloriously naked and carrying two steaming mugs of
coffee. I sat up and took the one he handed me.

"Good morning." he said, leaning over and kissing me gently.

"Good morning!" I said, smiling up at him. "I was lonely, waking up alone."

"Well, you were sleeping so peacefully, I didn't want to wake you up." he
smiled as he got back into bed on his side.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"About five o'clock. I don't have to be to the base until seven. I always
wake up before the alarm clock. Comes from getting up early every morning
on the ranch." he said.

"Will I get to see the ranch?" I asked.

"Yeah. Probably sometime in the spring. Maybe we'll go spend Easter with my
folks, how would that be?" he asked.

"Fine with me. I want to meet your brothers!" I grinned slyly.

"Oh, shit! I better warn them to save up their strength for that!" he
laughed.

I just grinned and sipped my coffee.

"So, have you decided what you're going to do today?" he asked.

"No. Not yet." I said.

"By the way, I have something to ask you...can you cook?" he asked.

"Yeah, I can. Really well, too! I learned from the cooks that worked for my
grandfather. I was safer in the kitchen because neither my grandfather or
mother ever went in there. And since I was around all the time, the cooks
put me to work. I think they felt sorry for me. Everyone could see how I
was treated. Eventually, I learned how to prepare full meals. We never told
my grandfather or mother that oftentimes, dinner was cooked by me - not the
people they hired!" I said.

"Well, that's good because I can cook a few things but mostly I'd just buy
frozen or pre-made stuff. I was too busy working on the ranch to have time
to learn about cookin'." Jeff said. "I'll leave you some cash and you can
check out the kitchen and then go to the store and get whatever you think
we'll need."

"Good! Then I can cook dinner and have it ready for you when you get home -
just like a real wife!" I grinned.

"Hey! I didn't mean it that way!" he argued.

"Silly! I didn't either! I'm glad to do it - makes me feel useful around
here." I said.

He put his coffee mug down on the bedside table and turned to me.

"Oh, you're very 'useful' around here!" he said, sliding his hand under the
covers and down my naked thigh.

"Mmm!" I moaned and set my mug on the table beside me before things went
any further.

After I had, Jeff pulled me close and began licking my neck and ear closest
to him as his hands began to roam all over my body.

"You've got the softest fuckin' skin, you know that?" he murmured in my
ear.

"All I know about my skin is how much I love you touching it!" I said.

"I want you really bad!" he groaned, as his hand went between my legs and
under my balls, feeling for my hole.

I didn't say a word, just rolled over onto my stomach, spreading my legs
and thrusting my butt up to give him full access. He threw the covers off
me, baring my full body to his sight.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" he said as he moved down the bed, getting between my
spread legs.

I felt his hands pull open my butt-cheeks and then his tongue laving up and
down my butt-crack until it centered on my hole. He began to lick my hole
and push his tongue into it. I pushed down on the muscles, relaxing my hole
and letting his tongue dig deeper inside me!

"Fuck! Yeah! Lick my hole! Eat my hole! Get me ready!" I groaned as his
tongue began to set my ass on fire with desire to be plundered by his hard,
thick manhood!

He continued to eat my butt for a few more minutes and then rose up and
reached into a drawer in the bedside table, pulling out a bottle of lube. I
could feel the cold wetness of it as he began applying it to my opening,
slowly working his fingers inside me, opening me up for the fucking that
was about to happen. When he'd sufficiently spread open my hole, I could
hear him slicking up his cock.

"Get up on all fours." he said, and I complied.

He then reached beneath me and anointed my raging cock with lube as
well. Then he began pressing his cock slowly into me while he reached under
me and grasped my hardon. As his cock slid deep inside me, he was slowly
manipulating my cock, keeping it hard while he bottomed out in my
ass-chute. When I was fully relaxed inside, he began to slowly fuck me,
matching the rhythm of his cock-strokes in my ass with his hand strokes on
my cock! I was in heaven!

"Ahh, fuck yeah! Fuck me! Jack me off!" I moaned at the duel sensation of
his cock in my ass and his hand on my cock that was rocking my world!

Jeff fucked me slowly at first, but soon was slamming his cock faster and
faster, in and out of my butt, while his hand-strokes on my cock kept up
with the speed of his fucking. In almost no time at all, I reached the
point of no return, my cock shooting load after load of my hot spunk onto
the sheets below me. Evidently, the clenching of my ass-chute was enough to
trip Jeff's trigger as well because I felt him slamming into me and crying
out.

"FUCK! YEAH! FUCKIN' YOUR BUTT! CUMMIN' IN YOUR ASS!!!" he screamed out as
his cock proceeded to deposit blast after blast of hot USMC spoonge in my
guts.

He collapsed on my back as he came down from his orgasm and I lowered us
slowly to the bed.  He brought his hand up from under me and began to lick
my cum from it and then held me tight while he licked and sucked at my
shoulders and neck. I could still feel his cock hard as a rock and
throbbing in my ass.

"I'd love to give you a piss enema right now, but I don't wanna mess up the
bed too bad." he murmured in my ear.

"I've gotta piss, too, so let's go in the shower and take care of both our
problems." I answered.

"Good, idea!" he said. "But there's something I want to do first."

I didn't ask what. I had a pretty good idea of what he wanted. He slowly
pulled his bloated cock from my ass and knelt between my spread legs. I got
back up to my knees and his mouth locked to my open, ravaged hole and began
to suck his load from deep inside me. His tongue felt so good soothing the
tender tissues of my asslips as he feltched me. I hadn't known what the
word meant or even what the act was, but now it had become of my favorites
- one of my MANY favorites!

He got done eating my hard-fucked ass and slapped my ass cheek.

"Come on, grunt! I gotta piss bad!" he barked as he, grinning, he headed to
the bathroom.

'Grunt?! What the fuck is a grunt?' I thought to myself as I scrambled off
the bed and followed him.

He got into the shower and waited while I climbed in then pulled me into
his arms, trapping our cocks between us. He kissed me gently and then
whispered, "Just let go." and then his mouth came down on mine hard. I
opened to him as his tongue pressed inside my mouth. I sucked on it as my
hands came up and caressed his head, keeping his mouth tight against my
own.

I suddenly felt the hot wetness of his piss against the skin of my lower
abdomen and crotch.  Understanding what he meant now, I, too, let go with
my piss all over him. We stood there, kissing and pissing on each other. It
certainly was the most romantic piss I'd ever taken in my entire life!

This was followed by a very romantic shower as we gently washed each other,
caressing each other's body and kissing each other's mouths and bodies
often. Then we dried each other off and Jeff went and got dressed, pulling
his fatigues out of the closet. I sat on the bed watching as he pulled on
his black combat boots, blousing his fatigue pants inside of them. In
almost no time at all, before me stood a United State Marine! Fuck! He
could be a recruiting poster for the Corps!  My heart was going a million
miles an hour just looking at him standing there! I never realized how much
of a 'thing' I had for uniforms until that morning. Of course, until that
morning, I'd never been in the same room with a uniformed Marine!

"My fucking God! You are fucking breathtaking!" I said, breathlessly.

The awe I felt for him I'm sure was mirrored on my face because he looked
at me and blushed.

"I'm just one of Uncle Sam's Misguided Children." he said quietly.

"You're a fucking Marine God!" I enthused.

"No, I'm not. I ain't no god. I ain't some kind of hero or nothin'." he
said bashfully.

I got up off the bed and walked over to him. I slipped my arms around his
waist and looked up into his deep blue eyes.

"You're a hero all right! You're my Marine Hero! You're the best man I've
ever known in my life." I said.

"And you've got a fucking silver tongue!" he said, and leaned down and
kissed me, swatting my naked ass with his hand at the same time.

"Oww! That' stung!" I laughed.

"I gotta get goin' or I'll be late." he said grabbing his 'cover' - as I
learned later, the Marine term for 'hat'.

"What about breakfast?" I asked him.

"I'll have that in the mess hall." he said, slipping his arm around me and
pulling me to him.

He kissed me one more time and then he was out the door of the bedroom and
moving down the hall. I heard the front door close and stood there feeling
so good, I hugged myself like I could hold the good feelings inside
forever! Then I headed for the kitchen and got myself another mug of coffee
and sat down the table and started to think about what I was going to do
that day. I noticed that there were five $20 bills lying on the table -
$100! Jeff had left it for me to shop with. They were lying under a key
ring with four keys on it. The key ring had a disc with the Marine Corps
emblem (the globe and anchor). One was evidently a vehicle key which, no
doubt went to the truck that Jeff told me he had. The two others went to
the door locks on the front door of the apartment. But there was a fourth
key, much smaller than the others which I couldn't figure out. I later
learned it went to the apartment's mailbox downstairs.  Well...that took
care of part of the day. There was only one problem - I didn't have the
faintest idea where a fucking supermarket was! I guessed I'd wander around
until I found one. That was until I heard the phone ring.  I got up to
answer it and it was Dad!

"Good mornin', son!" he said.

"Good mornin', Dad!" I grinned into the phone.

"How are you this mornin - as if I can't hear it in your voice!" he
laughed.

"I'm wonderful, Dad! Jeff just left for the base." I said.

"Hmm. He's runnin' a little late. Now, I wonder why that is?" he laughed.

"Enough, Dad! You know damned well why! If we could keep our hands off each
other, he wouldn't be running late. But then, it wouldn't be near as much
fun!" I laughed.

"Well, enjoy it, boy! You've got yourself a good man there." Dad said.

"I know it, Dad. I surely do know it. So, did you just call to say
'hello'?" I asked.

"No, I called because I'm through training today around noon. I thought
you'd like to have lunch with me?" Dad said.

"I can't think of a thing that I would rather do than have lunch with my
Dad!" I said.

"Then I'll pick you up around 12:30 - how's that?" he asked.

"I'll be ready! Trust me, I know how Marines are about punctuality!" I
laughed.

"Then I'll see ya, boy!" Dad said.
                                                  
"Yeah, Dad. See ya then." I answered and we both hung up.

Well, that took care of that! Maybe Dad could even help me find a grocery
store and shop. But what was I going to do until then? It was only about
seven o'clock in the morning and Dad wasn't due to show up for another more
than five hours! I decided that maybe I should go walk around the
neighborhood and get to know it. I went back to the bedroom and got dressed
and headed out.

I locked up the apartment and went downstairs. When I got down there, I saw
an elderly woman coming up the stairs with one of those wire, two-wheeled
carts which people pull behind them, filled with groceries. She looked up
at me and smiled.

"Hello!" she said.

"Hi!" I answered.

"Just move in? I don't remember seeing you around before." she said, not
suspiciously, just curiously.

"Yes, I did. I live on the second floor - 204." I said.

"Oh, where that nice Marine corporal lived! Oh, dear! He was such a sweet
boy. I'm sorry he's gone!" she said, truly seeming to be upset at the
thought of Jeff leaving.

"Oh, he's not gone!" I said. "I'm living with him."

"Oh! Oh, that's wonderful! I didn't think that he'd leave without just
saying good-bye! He's is truly such a nice boy. So, you're his room-mate
now!" she said.

"Yes. I am." figuring that's all she needed to know.

"Good! He always seemed so lonely. I'm glad he's found someone to be
company for him." she smiled. "I'm Mrs. Gilbert."

"I'm Mike...Mike Harrison." I said.

"Well, nice to meet you, Mike!" she grinned. "Maybe you and Jeff can come
down and join me for tea sometime this week."

"I'm sure we'd love to, Mrs. Gilbert." I smiled. "Could I ask you
something?"

"Of course, dear. What would you like to know?" she smiled.

"Well, I noticed you have groceries. I'm new here and I don't know where
the grocery store is.  Jeff wanted me to go shopping but didn't think to
tell me." I said.

"Oh, that's easy. You just go out of the apartment, turn right, go down
three blocks and there it is! You can't miss it!" she said.

"Thanks! Are they open now?" I asked.

"Oh, they're open 24 hours a day, dear!" she said.

"Great! I'm having lunch with my Dad, who's a Marine as well. I can get the
shopping done before he gets here." I said. "I'd better head out. Thank you
so much."

"You're welcome, dear. Say hello to Jeff for me. Tell him about having tea
this week!" she said.

"I certainly will!" I said, heading out and walking down the street as
she'd directed me.

She was absolutely right. Three blocks down, I found the grocery store. I
went shopping, remembering I didn't have a cart like hers so I only got the
things that we would need for a few days. I decided to get something for
Dad and me for lunch so that we wouldn't have to go out. I wanted to spend
time alone with him. There were so many things I wanted to talk to him
about and didn't want to have to do that in a restaurant.

An hour or so later, I carried two large bags back to the apartment and
quickly put the groceries away. I'd gotten some eggs and bacon so that I
could have breakfast. The Marine Corps may supply mess privileges to Dad
and Jeff, but they didn't to me and I was starving by this point! I fixed
eggs, bacon and toast and a fresh pot of coffee. By the time I finished and
washed the dishes it was ten o'clock. Still too early to start lunch but
not too early to start dinner.

I decided I was going to fix a good, hearty beef stew for Jeff as our first
meal with me cooking. It was something substantial, good-tasting and not
overly expensive. It was also something we could easily get more than one
meal out of. I began cutting up the stew meat and browning it in a skillet
and then cutting up the carrots, celery, onions and potatoes I would put in
it. Once that was finished, I put it all in a big pot that I found under
the kitchen counter and added water and spices. Setting the stove on one of
the lowest settings, I would let the stew simmer and cook all day. That was
the secret of good stew - cooking a long time over low heat brought out all
the flavors of the meat and vegetables and tenderized the tough stew-meat.

When I finished getting the stew on the stove, I had plenty of time to
start lunch. I figured I'd do cheese burgers and soup. I cut up celery and
onions and put them in a pot to boil for about half an hour while I peeled
more potatoes, cut them into medium sized pieces and boiled them until they
were done but still solid. I emptied the pot of the vegetables and then
poured water and milk into the pot, added salt and pepper and bought it to
a boil. I mashed half the potatoes and put them, the whole potato pieces
and the other vegetables in the pot and set it all to cook on low, stirring
them occasionally. This was my cream of potato soup. If I'd added two cans
of clams with their broth, it would be New England Clam Chowder.

About the time the soup had well simmered and I had the burgers ready to go
into a skillet, I heard a knock on the door. I went and answered it,
letting Dad in. We stood there hugging for a few moments and I found myself
having the problem of keeping my cock under control again standing there in
his warm, strong arms with his scent surrounding me.

"So you ready to go?" Dad asked.

"Well...would you mind if we didn't go out to lunch. I've fixed lunch for
us." I said.

"Fuck, no! I'd much rather have lunch here!" he grinned. "I didn't know you
could cook!"

"You sound like Jeff!" I laughed. "To tell the truth, Dad, there's a lot
about me you don't know."

"Yeah, I know, son." he said, apologetically. "But that ain't my fault. God
knows, I tried to find out about you."

I realized that what I had said had been unknowingly very cruel. I put my
arms around him, kissing him.

"I know that, Dad! I read all your letters. It's why I'm here now. I want
to get to know the one man who loved me the longest in my life!" I said.

He looked at me and I could see such love in his eyes that it almost
brought tears to mine! I also saw something else but, for the moment, I was
trying to ignore that - both in him and in myself. I led him into the
kitchen and sat him down at the table.

"Wow! Something smells really good!" he said.

"Well, there's a couple of 'somethings' you're smelling. I've got beef stew
on for dinner tonight and cream of potato soup for us for lunch along with
cheeseburgers. How does that sound?" I asked.

"That sounds great, son!" Dad grinned.

"Well, lemme get you a beer." I said.

"That sounds good!" Dad replied.

I got Dad a beer from the refrigerator and then put the skillet on the
stove and started the cheeseburgers. I felt Dad's eyes on me watching me
work.

"Now don't tell me your Mama taught you how to cook?!" Dad said.

"Mom?! Mom doesn't even know where the fuckin' kitchen is in the house!" I
laughed and he did, too.

"I guess she hasn't changed much over the years?" he asked.

"Not one damned bit! Still the 'socialite'! Every fuckin' charity in the
county but not one fuckin' minute for me." I said. "I learned to cook from
the cooks that Grandfather hired over the years. I used to hang out in the
kitchen all the time because I knew that was one place that Mom and
Grandfather wouldn't come." I said.

"Son, I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am." Dad said.

"Hey!" I said, turning to look at him. "I don't blame you one bit for what
happened! What choice did you have? You got railroaded out of the county
and it's not like you didn't want me. The hate the fact that now I realize
that the only realize that old son-of-a-bitch wouldn't let Mom give custody
of me to you had nothing to do with wanting me - it was all about hurting
you! I'll never forgive the bastard for that!"

"Never's a long time, son." Dad said.

"I don't care! There's nothing he could ever do or say that would ever make
me forgive him." I said with finality.

"So what are you gonna do now?" Dad asked.

"Well...Jeff and I were talking about that last night. I just don't know
right now. Things have changed so quickly! I mean, I never expected to find
Jeff and end up being with him. I figured that I need to get a job,
however, to make some money." I said.

"What about school? What about college or learning a trade?" Dad asked.

"I just don't know. I mean, I'd like to go to college, but it costs a lot
of money." I said.

"What about going to like the local Community College?" Dad asked.

"Well, unless I lived here for a year, I'd have to pay out of state fees."
I said.

"That may be true but you forget, you're technically a military dependent,
so those rules don't apply to you." Dad said.

"What do you mean?" I asked. "How am I a military dependent? I'm 18,
remember? Besides, you've never been my custodial parent."

"Don't matter. I've still been paying child support for you all these years
and your medical coverage has always been through CHAMPUS - that's for
military dependents. Plus, under the rules, if you're in school, I can
continue to cover you until you graduate from college." Dad said.

"Wait a minute! You mean Mom's been getting support money from you all
these years?!" I asked.

"Fuck, yeah! Every month it comes straight outa my pay before I even see
it. And she's gotten medical cards for you as well." Dad said.

"That lying fucking bitch!" I shouted. "She told me that you never
contributed one cent to my care - that if it hadn't been for her fucking
'Daddy', we'd both be on the street!"

"I can show you my pay-stubs." Dad said quietly.

"You don't need to! You haven't lied to me! She does it all the time!
Fucking bitch!" I growled.

"So, look, Mike..."Dad said calmly. "You want to go to college, I'll make
sure you get there.  Okay?"

"Dad, you don't have to do that." I said.

"I want to son! Please, I ain't never been able to be a real Dad to you
before this - I know it's a little late, but I really want to do this for
you." he said.

I looked into his eyes and I could see how much this really meant to him. I
walked over, bent down and put my arms around his neck, kissing him on the
cheek.

"Dad, you weren't there when I was growing up, but you're here now and
that's what counts!  Just accepting me as I am and my love for Jeff is more
than I have any right to ask of you - and now, this?! Daddy, now I've got
two men in my life I don't deserve." I said and I started crying.

Dad stood up, holding me in his arms, gently stroking my head. I clung to
him as he held me tightly to him. Before I knew what was happening, I
suddenly realized that my cock was hard and pressing against him. More
importantly, I could feel something hard pressing back and knew that we
were both standing there in each other arms with hardons! I didn't know
what to do and wanted to pull away, but Dad held tight to me, just
continuing to gently stroke my head. He went to kiss my cheek, but I turned
my head so that his lips and mine came together. The kiss started out sweet
and gentle but quickly became harder and then turned passionate! Our mouths
opened to each other almost at the same time and suddenly I was sucking on
Dad's tongue and tasting him. The taste of beer and Marine. I was groaning
and clinging to him. I wanted him! I wanted him bad! And I knew he wanted
me! Finally Dad broke the kiss and pushed me away, turning his back to me,
walked away.

"I'm sorry, Mike! I don't know what came over me! Can you ever forgive
me?!" he said, not looking at me.

I walked over and slipped my arms around his waist, putting my face against
his back.

"Forgive you?! For what?! For something I wanted?!" I asked.

He pulled my hands apart and walked out of my arms.

"Mike, I'm your Dad! I'm not supposed to have those kind of feelings for
you." he said quietly, and I could hear the anguish he was going through in
his voice.

"And I'm your son. But I have those feelings for you! After all, you may be
my Dad, but we didn't even meet until yesterday!" I said.

"That's all well and good - but you have a good man who's in love with you!
What about Jeff?  Have you forgotten about him?" Dad asked turning to look
at me.

"Of course I haven't!" I said, somewhat angry at the accusation. "For your
information, Jeff and I discussed this last night!"

"Last night?!" he exclaimed. "You knew this was goin' to happen?!"

"Yes. Well...not exactly when but, yeah. I knew that you wanted me. I could
see it your eyes.  Didn't you see it in mine?" I asked.

He didn't say anything for a moment and then I saw his shoulders drop, as
if in resignation.

"Yeah. I did. I just didn't think you knew it." he said quietly. "So what
did you and Jeff talk about. How sick I am for wantin' my own son?"

"NO! Not in the least! Jeff and I promised that we would always love each
other but, as he pointed out to me, we're guys. Guys are horndogs! We can
have sex without falling in love and shit. We promised each other that if
we wanted to have sex with somebody, then we'd talk about it. It would be
open and honest between us. But last night wasn't exactly that
conversation." I said.

"Yeah! I'll just bet it wasn't!" he said, ruefully.

"No! You don't understand! I talked to Jeff because I knew I couldn't just
have sex with you.  Maybe any other guy on earth - but not you! I could
only make love to you. You pointed out that difference last night,
remember?" I asked.

"Yeah. I remember." he said, finally looking at me lovingly once again.

"Jeff completely understood. He's not jealous. Well...not exactly. You see,
my lover thinks your about the most incredible Marine Stud he's ever seen
and would love to get it on with you, too!  He told me the only thing he'd
be jealous of is me getting to have sex with you and he wouldn't."  I
smiled.

Dad just stood there with his mouth hanging open. I don't think he was
expecting that at all!

"You're shittin' me, right?!" he finally asked.

"Dad, I don't lie - especially not to men I love." I smiled.

"Well, I'll be fucked!" he said, scratching his head in confusion.

"Well, if that's what you want, I'm sure either me or Jeff would be glad to
oblige!" I grinned.

Dad looked at me in shock for a moment and then threw back his head and
started laughing!

"Well, I'll be goddamned! You two sure take the fuckin' cake, son!" Dad
laughed.

I walked over and put my arms around his neck.

"I suggest that after we have lunch, that you take me to bed and finish
what you started. Then why don't you plan on staying to dinner and after
that, all three of us can play and you can see what a stud I've got for a
lover!" I said, kissing him gently.

"You ain't careful, you're gonna end up a slut just like your Daddy with
ideas like that, boy!" he grinned, and then kissed me back.

"Well, after all, Dad, genetics seemed to have worked so far!" I smiled.

"Damn! Do you have any idea what a sexy boy you are?" he growled.

"Not until I met Jeff, I didn't." I said softly.

"You really love him, don't you." Dad said.

"Oh, Dad, you have no idea how much I love him!" I said.

"Yeah, son. I think I do." Dad said, squeezing me tight in his strong, warm
arms.

"Well, let's eat." I said. "I think we're gonna need our strength." I
purred.

"Oh fuck! I don't know if I've got enough strength to handle you - no
matter what I eat!" Dad laughed.

"I can't believe that! Not with those fuckin' muscles on you!" I grinned.

"You noticed did you?" Dad asked, grinning back.

"Oh, fuck yeah! If you weren't my Dad, I'd have already had you in bed! Or
died trying!" I laughed.

We kissed again. Gently but deeply. Then Dad let me go and I finished
fixing lunch for us. As we sat eating, we talked more about my life at home
and his in the Marine Corps. Finally, he looked at me.

"You know, this is really good soup! You made this?!" he asked.

"Yep. All by myself." I smiled.

"Damn, boy, if you can fuck half as good as you can cook, I may just have
to steal you away from that Corporal of yours!" he grinned.

"Sorry, Dad! No way! I couldn't live without Jeff. But, I have to tell you
- I don't think I could live without you, now."  I said quietly.

"You haven't even 'had' me yet!" he said.

"We can take care of that." I said.

And getting up, I took his hand and led him to the bedroom.

The End of Chapter Seven of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 24)

Date: Sat, 14 Feb 2004 15:51:54 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 6

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Six - I Meet My Dad

I didn't realize it, but Jeff had slipped away to the kitchen to give us
privacy. I think he was somewhat embarrassed by the display of emotion
between Dad and me- even though he fully understood it. Dad and I found him
there, sitting at the table, drinking a cup of coffee.

"There any more of that, Corporal?" Dad asked as we walked into the
kitchen.

"Yes, sir! Sit down, sir! Let me get you a cup. How do you like it, sir?"
Jeff asked as if Dad was the visiting Commandant of the Marine Corps.

"I'd like it if you would put cream and sugar in my coffee and cut the
'sir' crap! I ain't your commanding officer, Corporal!" Dad laughed. "Call
me Mike, or - better yet, Bulldog! That's what my friends call me and I
guess we'd better become friends if you're gonna be my boy's lover."

I thought Jeff was going to faint, right there and then! He went white as a
ghost!

"Jeff, you better sit down." I said quickly. "I'll get the coffee."

I poured two cups, one for me and one for Dad. I put two sugars and lots of
cream in each. What I did, was basically fix it just the way I liked it
without even thinking. I brought the two cups over to the table.

"You know?" Jeff asked, his voice a croak.

"Yes, son. Mike told me." Dad smiled at Jeff.

"And you're not angry?" Jeff asked.

"No, son. I'm not angry. The only way I'll ever be angry is if you treat my
boy badly or ever hurt him." Dad said and, while he said it softly, there
was obvious deadly intent behind those words.

"Oh, no, sir! I would never hurt Mike! I'd rather cut off my cock and balls
than hurt him!" Jeff swore.

"Just what I had in mind." Dad grinned a malicious grin.

Jeff looked at Dad wondering how much he was joking! I sure couldn't tell!
Then Dad's grin softened.

"Tell me your name again, son. I wasn't listening too well the first time."
Dad said gently to Jeff.

"Jeff. Jeff Berringer." Jeff replied.

"Jeff, Mike says that you pretty much know the story of how we came to not
know each other."  Dad said.

"Yes, sir. He told me the story about the letters and he told me what it
was like growing up in that place without anyone to love him." Jeff said.

"Well, what Mike didn't know was that his grandfather really did me a favor
by not letting me marry that spoiled brat of a daughter of his, Mike's
mother. He forced me into the Corps and helped me find out that it wasn't
women I was really attracted to at all. But it's dangerous lovin' another
guy in the Corps. You know that." Dad said.

"Yes, I do, sir." Jeff said, his eyes as wide as saucers at Dad's
admission.

"Jeff, will you stop with the 'sir' already!" Dad laughed. "If you can't
call me Mike and you can't call me Bulldog, how about calling me Dad?"

"That would be a lot easier...uhh...Dad. You see, If I call you Mike, It's
gonna get all mixed up with your son! I call him Mike! And, quite frankly,
I don't feel comfortable calling you Bulldog like your friends do. Now, I'm
not saying you're that old but you're older than me - and you're Mike's
father - and I was raised to show respect to men that are older than me."
Jeff explained.

"And I do understand that, Jeff and I appreciate you being honest with
me. Now, how old are you, son?" he asked Jeff.

"I'm twenty-one." Jeff replied.

"Well, that's a good match for the two of you. Frankly, Jeff, I thought you
might be a little older considering how mature you are but the Corps does
that to good men!" he said smiling at Jeff who just beamed back at the
compliment from an older, more experienced, higher ranking Marine. "I'm
only thirty-six so that makes me just fifteen years older than you
are. Now, I could have been your Dad, technically - I was shootin' loads
when I was 12!"

At this Dad laughed and Jeff and I laughed, too.

"But I'm sure you have a Dad somewhere, don't you?" Dad asked.

"Oh, yes! He was a Marine. In 'Nam. He won the purple heart and the Bronze
Star." Jeff said proudly.

"Well! I'd sure like to meet him sometime! I'll bet he's a hell of a man."
Dad said.

"Yes, he is. I love my Dad very much." Jeff said.

"I can tell, son. You got any brothers and sisters?" Dad asked.

"I've got four older brothers." Jeff replied.

"Any of them in the Corps?" Dad asked.

"No, sir. I'm the only one." Jeff said.

"Too bad! The Corps always needs good men like you!" Dad said.

Again, Jeff beamed. And this time I did, too. I knew, though don't ask me
how, that Dad was not saying this just to give compliments. He obviously
did genuinely like Jeff and found him to be a good man. Just as I had. The
fact that these two men, who were the most important ones in my life, were
getting to really like each other was beyond my fondest dreams!

At this point, Dad picked up his cup and tasted his coffee.

"Hey!" he said, looking over at me. "This is perfect! How'd you do that?"

"I just made yours exactly the way I like mine. I guess genetics really
does work!" I laughed.

"Well, I'll be damned!" Dad laughed with me.

"Looking at the two of you, there is no doubt that you're father and son."
Jeff said.

"Yeah, it is kind of like looking in the mirror at myself when I was
young." Dad admitted.  "Though it's hard for me to believe now that I was
ever that young. I certainly didn't have my son's courage then, though I
thought I did."

"What do you mean, Dad?" I asked, confused by this statement.

"I could have never sat down and told my Old Man that I was gay,
son. 'Course, the way my Old Man drank, and as mean as he became when he
did, that's just the way things were. Nor could I have let myself take the
chance to make a commitment to another guy at your age. I almost did.  But
I chickened out." Dad said, and his eyes kind of misted over.

I reached out my hand and put it on Dad's.

"Do you want to tell me about it, Dad?" I asked softly.

He looked at me like he was coming back from a very long way away.

"It was when I first entered the Corps. In boot camp. I was one miserable
son-of-a-bitch! I was 17 years old, my first son was just born and I never
even got to see him! Here I was, hundreds of miles away from home and
shoved into a barracks with guys I'd never known from places I knew nothing
about. It was about the loneliest, most miserable time in my life. It was
then that I met Bobby Lee. As you can tell from the southern double name,
he was from Mississippi. That boy had an accent you could cut with a knife!
Thick, like the humidity on a hot delta night. Seems for some reason, Bobby
Lee and I kept gettin' thrown together. We were bunkmates for one thing. I
had the bottom, he had the top. Quite a 'role reversal' I found out later!"
and at this Dad chuckled.

"We ended up sharing a tent whenever we went out on bivouac and we started
to become really good friends. Now, I gotta tell you, Bobby Lee was just
about the most beautiful boy I had ever met. He was the same age I was but
he had the most beautiful red hair with deep green eyes. I had a very hard
time keepin' my pecker under control whenever I was near him. Shit! I loved
everything about him! His beautiful muscular body, the faint freckles all
over him and especially across his cute little pug nose. Fuck! I even got
turned onto his scent! I have to admit, I really got into the smells of his
body. I guess I still am turned on to guy's scent. Hate fuckin' a guy who
just came out of a shower and don't have no sweat or scent about him." Dad
said, looking at me.

I started chuckling and Dad looked at me funny. Then he smiled.

"Genetics again, huh?" he asked.

"Yep! Do you love smegma?" I asked.

"Fuck! Love it!" he laughed.

"Me, too!" I laughed. "How about rimming?"

"Oh, fuck! I love eatin' a nice male butt - a fragrant male butt!" he
grinned.

"Oh, fuck! Yeah!" I said, and then I kind of got a little shocked! After
all, this was my Dad I was discussing eating butt and smelling a guy's body
with!

Dad seemed to read my mind or his was running on the same track.

"I sure never expected to be able to fuckin' discuss this stuff with you!
But, ya know - it feels really good! I hope it ain't grossin' you out, you
knowin' this stuff about your Dad, is it?" he asked, quietly.

"Fuck, NO! Dad! I love it! I never thought I could share all this shit with
you!" I said, grinning.

"Well...now there's where I draw the line...never got into shit!" he
laughed.

"ME, EITHER!!!" I exclaimed! "But...ahh...how about...uhh..."

"Piss?" my Dad asked.

I nodded my head, not able to actually voice this.

"Fuckin' love it!" he laughed.

"Oh, FUCK!!!" I exclaimed grinning!

I looked over at Jeff who was glowing a bright shade of red.

"Uhh...Dad...I think we're embarrassing Jeff." I said.

Dad reached over and slapped Jeff on the back. I was glad he didn't do that
to me! Dad would have knocked me on the floor!

"Son! You gotta get with the program! Ain't no secrets here! We're all
guys. We've all done it.  Most guys have done some of it, they just don't
admit it!" Dad laughed.

"I'm not really embarrassed by any of it. Yeah, I love all those
things. It's just I wasn't expecting this between you and Mike and me."
Jeff said, smiling shyly.

"Boy! There ain't nothin' men like doin' more than talkin' about sex -
unless it's actually fuckin'!" Dad laughed.

"Well, you're right there!" Jeff laughed.

"Dad, what happened with Bobby Lee?" I asked.

"Well..." Dad said, getting serious again. "When boot camp was over, we
were posted together to Gitmo. Guantanamo Naval base in Cuba. Now life over
there is really isolated! You can't leave the camp because every other
piece of land is Cuba! And we don't get along too good with Castro. Well,
Gitmo really threw Bobby Lee and me together. And the more we were, the
stronger my feelings got. I was fallin' in love with him, and I knew it! I
couldn't help myself.  And remember, I didn't even know if he'd ever played
with another guy in his life! I kinda suspected it because we just didn't
discuss much about sex. Seemed that neither one of us wanted to get into
that kinda on-upsmandship that guys get off on - sharin' their sexual
conquests - real or imagined. You know what I'm talkin' about."

"Yeah! Same thing in my barracks during boot camp. All these guys with so
much bullshit about what they've done. If you believed it all then there
are no virgins left in the entire United States!"  Jeff laughed.

"It was like that in High School, too. Sounds like guys are guys at
whatever age!" I said.

"Well...at least after they grow some hair on the nuts, anyway!" Dad
laughed. "But when you're someplace like Gitmo, it gets worse. Anyway,
Bobby Lee and me got tighter and tighter. Then we got leave and decided to
spend it together. Bobby Lee didn't want to go home any more than I did,
but he didn't say why. I found out though."

"Yeah? Why?" I asked.

"Well...lemme tell you what happened on that leave first. Bobby Lee and me
decided to spend it in Fort Lauderdale, since it was so fuckin'
close. Thing was, we had to fly into Homestead Air Force base in those
days, to get there. But we ended up stayin' right on the beach in this
hotel shaped like a ship called The Yankee Clipper. We had this room that
looked right out at the ocean. It was season but the hotel was real nice to
us. They gave us a room with a discount because we were active duty
military. Only thing was, the only room they had available only had one
king-sized bed. But they gave us an additional discount because of that and
we ended up payin' way less for that room then we expected. So we took it."
Dad said.

"Shit, yeah! I woulda!" Jeff said.

"Me, I was a little worried. I'd become really crazy about Bobby Lee and
now we're talkin' about sleepin' in the same fuckin' bed! I didn't know
what the fuck I was gonna do!" Dad said. "So, anyway, we take the room and
then go out and hit the beach! Shit! We had a great time that first day,
swimming, fuckin' around like a couple of kids. We took a long walk up the
beach and got something to eat and picked up a couple of six-packs of
beer. We got back to the room and we both stripped down to our skivvies. We
sat on the bed, drinkin' beer and just relaxin'. After a few, we were both
buzzed - neither of us bein' that used to drinkin'. And, like guys will do,
we started wrestlin' around on the bed, tryin' to 'pin' each other. Just a
couple of kids! Shit! We were all of 18! Didn't know shit about nothin' but
sure thought we did!" Dad chuckled, and reached over and tussled my hair.

"Ahh! Dad! I'm not like that!" I said in my own defense.

"No, he really ain't." Jeff defended me as well.

"Wasn't sayin' you were son. I'm talkin' about me. I done some really
stupid things when I was your age. About the only one of them that turn out
all right was fatherin' you." Dad smiled and my heart leaped at his words.

"Anyway, we're wrestlin' on the bed and before you know it my fuckin'
cock's as hard as a rock.  Only thing is, I notice Bobby Lee's is,
too. Then I get really scared! I didn't know what was happenin'. Well, I
knew...I just didn't know if Bobby Lee knew! I ended up on top of him, our
hardon's pressing together. He looked up at me, smiling so sweetly and his
hands were kind of slowly stroking up and down my back. I don't know where
I got the courage to do it, but I leaned down and kissed him. Right on the
mouth! Now, I'd played with guys before. Sucked cock, even fucked a couple
asses but I hadn't ever kissed another guy! I shocked even myself! It
wasn't a long kiss and I didn't use my tongue, but it was a kiss none the
less." Dad said.

"So what happened? What did Bobby Lee do?" I asked Dad.

"Well, son, he reached up and put his arms around my neck and pulled my
face back down to his and he kissed me hard! And long! And there was
DEFINITELY tongue involved then!" Dad laughed. "Before you know it, we was
rollin' around on that bed, suckin' face like we'd been doin' it with
another guy all our lives! That's when I first realized that it was guys
that I preferred. Preferred, hell! Wanted more than anything in the fuckin'
world! And it was one guy that I wanted that way - and he was lyin' in that
bed with me and kissin' me."

"So I take it you two had sex?" I asked.

"You could call it that." Dad said. "But I wouldn't. I never had sex with
Bobby Lee."

"What?!" I asked incredulously.

"I never had sex with Bobby Lee." Dad said, slowly and distinctly - like he
was explaining things to a 5 year old. "I made love to him. Always. As many
times as we did it, I made love to him.  There's a difference, you know."

"Yes, Dad." I said, smiling, my eyes wandering over to my beautiful, Marine
lover, Jeff. "There certainly is a difference."

Jeff smiled back at me and gave me a wink.

"Okay, so what happened with Bobby Lee, Dad?" I asked.

Dad was silent for a few moments, like he didn't want to go on with the
story. Then he looked up at me and there was deep pain in his eyes.

"Bobby Lee loved me. He told me so often enough. And I loved him. But I
just couldn't bring myself to say the words. I guess there was this part of
me that didn't want to be 'queer'. Didn't want to admit that what I knew in
my heart was true. I just figured that we could go on, just bein' together
and we didn't have to ever say anything about it. But that's not the way
things turned out." Dad said.

"Dad, you don't have to go on if it's too painful for you." I said softly.

"No. I need to tell you. I need to get this out. I ain't never told a soul
in all these years. I never really had anyone to tell. Not that would
understand, anyway. Bobby Lee wanted us to leave the Corps and build a life
together. I didn't want to. First of all, I wanted to remain in the Corps
long enough to retire. Second, I was too fuckin' afraid of what would
happen out in civilian life - two guys, livin' together, you know how it
looks! You know what people say! But Bobby Lee didn't want to stay in. He'd
had enough of the Corps and the 'queer-hating' that went on. He was gonna
get out but he never made it." Dad said and, at that point, tears started
to roll down his weathered cheeks.

I reached out and put my arm around his shoulder and he looked deep into my
eyes.

"Three weeks before his enlistment was up, he was killed in a helicopter
training accident. I was supposed to be on that training mission but I had
come down with a bad cold and went on sick call instead. Everybody on board
was killed." Dad said, and then put his head down, giving into his tears
and grief.

I pulled him close to me and he rested his head on my chest. He sat there,
holding him and gently stroking his head. I looked over at Jeff and I could
see tears in his eyes as well. I just let Dad gently sob until he'd worked
it all out. Finally, he pulled away and sat up, looking from Jeff to me.

"I'm sorry. I don't usually act that way." Dad said, his voice husky and
quiet.

"Sir, I'm honored that you felt comfortable enough with us to be able to
share that with us." Jeff said earnestly.

"Yeah, Dad. Thank you." I said. "So is that it? The end of the story?"

"No. Not quite." Dad said quietly. "I wrote his family back in Mississippi,
about how we were friends and how much I admired Bobby Lee, what a good
Marine he'd been - all that shit. Not the truth but somethin' the family
could hear. They invited me to come to visit them and I did. I spent a day
and a night with his family. They were all nice people. Red-necks, but nice
ones, I guess. I spent several hours at Bobby Lee's grave. Funny, I
couldn't bring myself to cry then. I just stood there, achin' so much in
side over losin' him. Feelin' so fuckin' guilty because I never could tell
him how much I loved him. I vowed right there and then that if I ever found
another guy to fall in love with, I'd tell him for sure! But from that day
to this, I never have. Oh! I've had a lot of guys that I've had sex with,
don't get me wrong! In fact, I'm sorry, son, but your Dad is somewhat of a
slut! Especially when it comes to other Marines! But I ain't never found
another man to love."

"Maybe that's why you're a 'slut', Dad. You're still looking. Or maybe, you
don't want to find somebody else because you'd feel like you were being
unfaithful to your love for him." I said, quietly.

I don't really know where those words came from. I just opened my mouth and
out they came, kind of like somebody else was saying them but using my
mouth. It must have shocked Dad and Jeff as well because they both sat
there staring at me.

"Maybe you're right, son. I just don't know." Dad said quietly after a
while.

"If Bobby Lee really loved you, he wouldn't want to see you alone. He
wouldn't want you to pass up the chance to love somebody else. I know I'd
feel that way about Jeff. I wouldn't want him to be alone if something
happened to me." I said softly.

"Do ya think so, son?" Dad looked at me like he really needed me to answer.

"Yes, Dad. I really think so." I said with all my heart.

My Dad was obviously a man who was too good and too loving to be alone. I
understood about the 'slut' part. I briefly wondered to myself how many
guys I would have slept with if I hadn't found Jeff. Hell! I didn't know
how many I would sleep with, even having found him. After all, he'd made it
very clear to me he did not expect me to be physically faithful to
him. But, at that moment I couldn't even imagine having sex with another
man - except one. And that was really starting to bother me!

As I sat there, talking to him, listening to him and having the scent of
him surrounding me, something was happening deep down in my guts concerning
my Dad! I knew, though I don't know how I knew it, that Dad wanted
me. Wanted to have sex with me - actually wanted, in his own words, to make
love to me. And, while this was shocking enough to me, the fact that I knew
that if he ever offered, I'd jump at the chance to make love to him,
bothered me even more! I mean, this was my Dad! What the fuck was I
thinking! That was 'incest'. Though why people think incest is so bad, I'm
not really sure. I mean, yeah! If I were a little kid, that would be bad
because I wouldn't really have the power to say 'yes' or 'no'.

But I was grown. I was, for all intents and purposes, a man. I had the
choice if I wanted it. What harm would it do? After all, it wasn't like Dad
and I had anything like a 'normal' father/son relationship. Hell, we just
met a couple of hours ago for the first time in our lives! And Jeff had sex
with all four of his brothers for quite a long period in their lives
without any apparent difficulties over it. And since what I was and the
relationship that Jeff and I had was already breaking all kinds of societal
'rules' anyway, what would one more matter? But this still had me very
confused.

Dad stayed talking to us for another couple of hours, telling us stories
about his years in the Corps and all the duty stations he'd served at and
the adventures - sexual an otherwise - that he'd had. At one point, Jeff
fixed sandwiches and soup and we all ate together. Then Dad had to leave to
go back to base because he had a training class he had to teach in the
morning. He took me in his arms, holding me and tenderly kissing me on the
cheek. Surrounded as I was by his scent, the warmth of his body and the
strength of his embrace, it was all I could do to keep from popping wood!
He then went to shake hands with Jeff and, instead, pulled him into a bear
hug and kissed him on the forehead - though Dad had to pull him down to do
it! Jeff was even a few inches taller than Dad!

Jeff and I undressed and were getting into bed. I guess I didn't realize
how well Jeff could 'read' me after knowing me such a short time. I guess
love does that for you.

"Okay, so what's wrong?" Jeff asked, as he gathered me into his arms as I
got into bed.

"I'm that transparent, am I?" I said, somewhat miffed that he could tell
that easily.

"Mike, you could give glass lessons in transparency!" he chuckled. "So
what's the problem? I thought everything went great! Way better than I ever
imagined it could!"

"Yeah. It did. Maybe that's the problem." I said quietly.

"That's a problem?!" he said and put his hand on my forehead. "Nope! No
fever. The boy must be crazy!"

"No, I'm not crazy either. Jeff, you remember that discussion we had about
what would happen if I met a guy that I really wanted to have sex with?" I
asked.

"Of course I do. It was only yesterday! I'm only 21. I'm not senile, yet!"
he chuckled. "Why?  You find somebody already!?"

"Yeah." I said softly.

That brought him up short. He rose up in the bed until he was looking down
at me.

"Are you serious?" he asked.

"Yeah. I am. And it scares the fuck out of me." I said.

"Okay, I guess we better talk about this." he said, moving up in the bed
until he was sitting against the headboard with his legs out in front of
him.

I moved up to where I was sitting next to him.

"So who is it that you want to have sex with?" he asked.

I hesitated for a moment. This was really hard! I didn't know what the fuck
Jeff was going to think of me when I told him.

"Hey. It's okay. I'm not gonna hate you or nothin'." Jeff said, putting his
arm around me and pulling me to him so that my head was resting on his
chest.

"I just am scared of what you are going to think of me when I tell you." I
said.

"I promise! I won't think any less of you." he said. "No matter who it is."

"No matter who it is?" I asked, making sure that's what he said.

"No matter who it is." he repeated.

"What if it's....well...what if it's...my Dad." I said.

He was quiet for a long moment. I was afraid that, despite his promise,
this was a little too much to take, even for him!

"Mike, I know that it's considered a real taboo to have sex with your
father but, strangely enough, I can understand it. Especially in your
case. I mean, yeah - he's your father biologically.  But it's not like he's
ever had the chance to ever be a real father to you. And, I gotta tell you,
he is a fuckin' hunk! I'd hop into bed with him if I had the chance!" he
chuckled.

"You would?" I asked, astounded.

"I sure as fuck would! That's about the best looking hunk of Marine Stud
I've seen in a long time - not to mention, he looks like an older version
of this guy that I'm like totally in love with!" he grinned.

I smiled shyly at his words.

"The thing about it is, I don't know how I know it, but I know that Dad
feels the same way. He wants to take me to bed! But not just for sex. He
wants to make love to me. You heard the differentiation he made tonight
between those two things." I said.

"Yeah. I did. And I can see that. It wouldn't bother me either." Jeff said.

"It wouldn't?! You wouldn't be jealous? I mean, this is not what we talked
about. We talked about having sex just for fun. This would be making love!
This would be like what we do together!" I said.

"Look, Mike. In that situation, the only jealousy I might feel is you got
to have sex with your hunky Dad and I didn't!" he said.

"Oh, come on! That can't be the only thing you'd feel!" I said.

"Yeah, it could. Mike, okay - you're Dad would be making love to you. But
his love for you is for you as his son! Not as a lover - a partner! You
would make love to him as his son, not his lover. It's a different kind of
love. You two couldn't have just sex between you because you mean more than
that to each other. But, it ain't the same thing that we feel for each
other, is it?"  he asked.

"No! Absolutely not! You're my lover. You're my partner. You're the man I
want to spend the rest of my life with. He's the man I've always wanted to
have in my life. He's the man I've always wanted to love me. But not like
us. Not the way we love each other." I said.

"Then what the fuck can I feel but happy for you? I love you. I want to see
you happy. Having your Dad in your life, having your Dad love you makes you
so incredibly happy! I saw that tonight! I saw the way your fucking eyes
were just shining - you were so happy!" Jeff said.

"You want to know what made me happiest?" I asked.

"What?" he asked.

"The fact that it was clear that you and my Dad really liked each other and
were really getting to be friends. The fact that the two men I love most in
the whole world were getting close - that made me the happiest I've ever
been." I said, reaching my arms round his abs and hugging him.

"Yeah, it was makin' me real happy that your Dad obviously took a liking to
me! I felt honored! I don't think he's that way with a lot of guys!" Jeff
said.

"I'm sure he's not!" I said, laughing.

"I really liked him, too! He is one of the most 'squared-away' Marine's
I've ever met! He's really a man's man. The fact that he said those nice
things about me, really had me flyin'!" Jeff said and I could hear the
pride and happiness in his voice.

"And I can tell you - he meant everyone of them! He wouldn't have said
them, otherwise - bet me on that!" I said.

"I believe you! He doesn't strike me as the kind of man that ever says
anything he doesn't mean.  So what are you going to do about it?" he asked.

"About what? About having sex with him? Nothing. I'm not going to make the
first move. As much trouble as I'm having with this, I'm sure he's having
more. I'm just going to wait and see how this plays out. I can't see myself
doing anything else." I said.

"I guess you're right. I guess you can't just walk up to him and say 'Hey,
Dad! Wanna have sex?'  now can you?" he laughed.

"No, but I can say it to you!" I grinned at him.

"Have I ever said 'no' to that question?" he asked.

"I don't know, I've never asked you before." I said.

"No, come to think of it, you haven't. So are you asking now?" he grinned.

"Yeah!" I said, leaning over and sucking his nipple into my mouth.

"Ahh, fuck! How am I supposed to say 'no' if you do that?!" he groaned.

I pulled of his nipple long enough to say, "You're not!"

He pulled me down further in the bed and began to kiss me passionately as
he slowly began to move his hand down my side. I thought he'd go for my ass
but, instead, he slid his hand between us and began to gently stroke my
cock.

"I'm hungry." he murmured.

"Me, too!" I said, slipping my hand between us and grabbing his thick, long
cock.

"Then let's eat!" he said, and with that, he let go of me and slipped his
body around on the bed so that we now were each facing each other's cocks
in the classic sixty-nine position.

The intensely masculine scent of his crotch rose in my nose and I moaned as
I buried my face into it, pressing my nose into his fragrant pubic hair. It
was redolent with scents of sweat, musk and male rut. I began to lick the
hair and could taste the saltiness of what was sweat mixed with dried
piss. I licked around the base of his cock and then down to his pungent
nut-sack, tasting the stronger remnants of piss and sweat there and a
heavier concentration of musk.

Jeff was following my lead, doing to me what I did to him. I decided I
liked this form of 'follow- the-leader' much better than the one I had
played as a child! I moved down to where my nose and mouth were able to
reach his ass. He spread his legs, giving me access to his butt-crack as I
did the same for him. I began to lick and sniff up and down his trench,
reveling in the strong, masculine, dark odors and tastes I found there.  I
have to admit, I am an 'ass' man. I love to smell male butt, eat male butt,
fuck male butt, even piss in a male butt! And I love another male to do all
those things to mine!

I began licking and sucking at Jeff's hole as his mouth locked around my
own. We lay there in an ass-eating sixty-nine, coring out each other's
butt-holes with our tongues, licking each other's cracks and generally
making ass-pigs of ourselves. I am sure that Jeff is as much an ass-man as
I am!

Finally, neither of us could take any more of the preliminaries! I moved
back up and took Jeff's rampant cock in my hand, skinning back the foreskin
and finding my favorite taste treat of all - smegma! Jeff's was pungent and
tasty and I loved to lick it from under his cock head. As far as I was
concerned, he would never have to wash away the 'cheese' from under his
hood - not as long as I was around. Jeff was, at the same time, licking up
all of mine. It is so hard to believe that there are people who consider
what we were doing as somehow 'perverted'! The natural scents and tastes of
a male's body were designed to be - I later learned - part of what
attracted a mate.  Jeff's certainly attracted me!


After licking up all the smegma that we could find, we then attacked the
'main course' - each other's hard cock. I loved the feeling of Jeff's cock
in my ass and I loved the feeling of it in my mouth as well. The flavors of
his sweaty, musky man-meat, the softness of the skin versus the intense
hardness of the stiffening roots beneath were a tactile and taste delight
that I could wallow in for hours!

His cock filled my mouth and I placed my head so that my neck was aligned
and my throat completely open while I slid slowly down his stalk. His cock
slowly nosed its way into my throat where the tight muscles massaged it
causing Jeff to groan around my cock which was similarly buried in his
tight throat. His moaning sent tremors of sensation through my cock,
causing me to moan around his which set up the same reaction in him. There
we lay, our hard cocks buried in each other's throats while a round-robin
of groans were sending us further and further into lust- filled states of
semi-consciousness!

Finally, neither of us could take anymore. I'm not sure who went first, but
the next thing I knew, Jeff was emptying his balls into me and I was doing
the same to him. The sweet-salty nut-juice from his balls poured into my
mouth and down my throat as I unloaded my own straining nut- sack into his
sucking mouth. I hunched against his face, driving my cock as deep into his
mouth as I could while his fingers played with my ass-crack and hole,
making me almost crazed with lust!

Finally, both our nut-sacks were empty and no more cum flowed into our
mouths. Yet, I continued to nurse at Jeff's cock like a suckling calf. He
was doing the same to mine. It was a this point, something happened that we
did not intentionally plan but which later became one of our favorite
activities. As I sucked on Jeff's softening cock, I felt the spurt of
something warm and salty in my mouth. It was Jeff's piss! I began slurping
down his hot stream as I released my own bladder into his mouth. There we
lay, drinking down each other's piss just as we had drunk each other's cum!
I loved every moment of it! The raunchiness, the intense feelings cannot
accurately be described!

When we were both finally empty, Jeff beginning before me and ending after,
Jeff finally turned around and took me back into his arms. His mouth came
down on mine in a passionate kiss in which we thoroughly licked out all the
tastes of cum and piss from each other's mouths before finally coming up
for breath.

"Fuck! That was so hot!" Jeff moaned.

I reached down to his still tumescent cock, noting the length and thickness
of it.

"I can't believe I ate the whole thing!" I said, grinning.

We both cracked up at the use of this old advertising jingle.

"I need sleep!" Jeff said finally.

"I know. So how long will you be at the base tomorrow?" I asked.

"I'll probably be able to be home by four. What are you going to do
tomorrow?" he asked.

"Actually, I thought I might either just stay in the apartment and rest or
I might take a walk around the neighborhood and get acclimated." I
said. "I'm still not sure what I want to do at this point - whether I want
to go to school or work. I guess work is probably the better choice. I
don't want you having to support me!"

"I don't mind. Whatever you want to do, I'm in favor of it. Okay?" he
asked.

"Yeah. Okay." I smiled.

He reached over and turned out the light, pulling me close and snuggling up
against me. I nestled in his arms and was rapidly asleep, feeling safer and
more loved than I ever had in my whole life.

The End of Chapter 6 of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 25)

Date: Fri, 13 Feb 2004 17:24:47 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 5

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Five - The Road To San Diego

When I awoke the next morning, I was at first somewhat disoriented. I could
feel warm, muscular arms around me and the arousing scent of 'Male'
surrounding me. I could feel a hard, muscular body pressed up against mine
behind me and what was obviously a large, very stiff cock poking into my
butt cheek. Then I remembered - it was Jeff, the Marine 'God' who had told
me that he loved me and wanted to spend his life with me. That was almost
enough to bring me to tears, I was so happy! But, instead, I noted that I
had a very stiff cock, too, and figured that we should put them to good
use!

Since my butt was still somewhat lubed from Jeff fucking me, I wondered if
I could still take him back up inside me right as we lay there. I reached
back and gently repositioned his cock so that it was nosing into my
butt-crack and then pulled open the cheek of my ass and let it slide in to
where it was pressing right up against my hole. I slowly pushed back with
my ass while, at the same time, pushing down with the muscles inside,
allowing my hole to relax. At first it didn't seem to want to go inside me,
but I pushed back harder. There was a little bit of pain, and then the head
of his cock, breached my hole.

I stopped pushing with the head just inside my sphincter, allowing myself
to relax and get used to it being there. I felt myself beginning to relax
and was just about to push back, when I suddenly felt Jeff push his cock
deeper into my butt, groaning as he did so. I thought he must have awakened
but when I looked back over my shoulder, it was obvious that he was still
asleep. Even in his sleep, he knew what to do, however. He slowly began
sliding his cock deeper and deeper inside me until there was no more of his
cock to enter me. Then he stopped and I could feel his arms tighten around
me but he made no further movements with his hips. He seemed, in sleep, to
be perfectly happy to let his cock rest inside my warm, wet chute.

I didn't exactly know what to do at that point! Should I push back, perhaps
getting his hips to begin fucking me? Should I wake him up? Should I just
go back to sleep with his cock buried inside of me? I wasn't exactly sure
that I could do that last one, however, his cock was feeling really
comfortable in my butt so I just settled down to see what would happen.

I must have fallen back to sleep after all because the next thing I knew,
Jeff was licking and sucking at the back of my neck and shoulders, a very
nice way to wake up! I highly recommend it! I could also feel his cock
still buried in my hole but making small, slow jabbing motions.

"Mmm!" I said, reacting to all the scents and the feelings that Jeff was
causing.

"How did my cock get up your butt?" he asked, his voice husky with sleep.

"It woke me up, poking me in the butt. It said it was cold and wanted
someplace warm so, I let it slide back up inside me!" I said, giggling,
remembering when Jeff had told me about his cock 'talking' to him.

"Hmm! Well, you gotta be careful of him. He can be quite a liar sometimes!"
Jeff chuckled.  "Especially if there's a hot mouth or ass he wants in!"

"Oh, I don't mind. He wasn't any trouble! He just snuggled up inside me and
didn't move." I said.

"Well, he wants to move now! He wants to move very badly!" Jeff groaned.

"Oh, that's fine! Believe me! I want him to!" I groaned back.

Jeff began slowly fucking me, still laying on our sides. It felt so good! I
don't know how I had lived for 18 years without the feeling of a man's cock
deep inside me! I loved this! Of course, after last night, I loved the
feeling of my cock inside of him as well but, if I had to make a choice, I
think it would be to have Jeff's cock buried deep inside, fucking my brains
out!

Gradually Jeff pushed me over onto my stomach. His arms went around my
chest and he held me tightly to him as he continued to hunch my ass like a
man possessed. My own hard, dripping cock was rubbing against the stained
bedsheet and sending shivers of intense feelings through my body just as
his cock was sending them through my guts. We were both far too horny,
despite all the sex we'd had the day before, to last long. Soon, I could
hear the groans and whimpers that I was beginning to learn that Jeff made
as he got close to cumming. I, myself, felt that undeniable tingle in my
balls that presaged my own climax.

"AHH! FUCK!!!" Jeff grunted loudly in my ear as I felt his cock slam into
my hole and begin to tremor, pumping his thick Marine cum deep in my
bowels.

"OH, YEAH! FUCK ME! CUM IN ME!!!" I cried out as my cum began to spurt from
my cock onto the already stained sheets below me.

We lay there, panting and sweating, Jeff licking and nibbling at the back
of my shoulders as we both sought to regain our normal heartbeat and
breathing. I loved the feeling of his body on top of mine. The feelings of
protection, of love, of yielding myself to him were all but
overwhelming. And to know that this was going to be mine for the rest of my
life! It was almost too much for me to handle, especially first thing in
the morning!

Finally Jeff pulled his arms from under me and rolled over on his back. I
moved over so that I was laying in the crook of his shoulder, his arm
thrown carelessly over my mine. I looked into his beautiful face, his eyes
gently closed, his mouth slightly open, almost asleep, he was so relaxed
from our morning love-making. He must have felt me looking at him, because
he slowly opened his eyes and smiled gently at me.

"When do we have to get ready to leave?" I asked.

Not that I wanted this time together to end, but I was anxious to get to
San Diego and to meet my Dad. Also, since I was supposed to be living with
Jeff now, we would have plenty morning to wake in each other's arms and
make love - I hoped!

"Not for a couple of hours yet. You hungry?" he asked.

At that moment, my stomach growled loudly, answering the question for me.

"Well! I guess that answers that!" He laughed.

Then his stomach growled in answer.

"Yeah! I can see we're both running on empty!" I laughed.

"Let's take a shower, pack up and get out of here. I saw a diner on the way
to the bus station where we can get some breakfast before the bus leaves."
he said.

"A regular shower?"I asked, cocking an eyebrow at him.

"Yeah. A regular shower." he said, looking seriously at me.

My heart fell. I was hoping that maybe he had to piss.

"At least," he grinned at me and winked. "One of 'our' regular showers!"

He laughed and hopped out of bed heading for the bathroom and I hopped out
of bed and was right on his heels! Fuck, yeah! One of 'our' showers! That
could only mean one thing - Golden Shower! When we got to the bathroom Jeff
stepped into the tub and I figured he was going to lay down so that I could
piss on him. Instead, he held the shower curtain open for me. I stepped in,
looking at him questioningly.

"I'm going to show you another way to have fun." he grinned. "Actually,
this is how my brothers and me got into pissin' on each other to begin
with. We used to have what we called 'duels'.  Kind of like a piss
fight. We'd stand on opposite sides of the tub or, of we were outside, a
few feet from each other. Then we'd take our cocks in our hands and let fly
at each other. Now, the idea was to make your stream hit the other guy's
cock - especially right in the piss-hole and the stream of his piss, if you
could. 'Course, what really happened is we'd both end up getting drenched
in piss."

"Cool! So all we do is stand here and try to hit each other's cock?" I
asked.

"Well, it's not as easy as it sounds but, yeah! That's the idea." he
said. "The important thing is to start at the same time. Tell you
what. Pinch off the head of your cock with your fingers, then let your piss
go. Then I'll count to three and we'll both let go and start pissin' at the
same time."

I did as he said. It wasn't hard because I really needed to piss bad. I
pinched the head of my dick with my fingers and watched as he did the
same. My piss was already backed up in my urethra and starting to hurt.

"You ready?" he asked me.

"Fuck yeah!" I said.

"Okay. One! Two! And...Three!" he yelled and let go his stream of bright
yellow piss hitting me in the lower belly.

I let go of mine, hitting him in the balls. My aim was a little low so I
quickly adjusted. He was right! This wasn't as easy as it sounded! Soon we
were both covered in each other's piss. He'd hit the head of my cock a
couple of times and I think I hit his once. We were both giggling like
fools! Well, more like little boys! This was a whole different side to the
very gung-ho, Marine that I had fallen in love with! There was a 'little
boy' side to him still, just as there was to me. I don't think guys ever
really lose that. They just keep it hidden most of the time - especially
from anybody they're not extremely close to.

No matter how badly we had to piss, we soon ran out of 'ammunition' and
ended up in each other's arms, pressing our piss-drenched bodies to each
other and laughing our asses off! Then we took a long, leisurely shower,
tenderly touching all the areas of each other's bodies. I especially loved
it when Jeff washed my hair for me, his fingers massaging my scalp and
running through my hair. It was incredibly sensuous! I wanted to do it to
him, so he had to bend over so that I could really reach the top of his
head. I could massage his scalp but that's about all there was - scalp!
With the Marine "high and tight" he wore, there was almost no hair! Only a
strip about two inches wide down the middle of his head and even then the
hair was barely half an inch long! But Jeff said he truly enjoyed it
anyway. I wondered for just a moment what he would look like with longer
hair but my mind couldn't picture it.

We packed up what little we'd taken out of our bags and got dressed. We
turned in the key to the room and then headed off to the bus station. We
found the diner that Jeff had seen a couple of blocks from the bus
station. As I watched the waitress bringing our order - it suddenly hit me
how much the two of us could eat! We both had cheese omelets, toast,
hash-browns, as well as an order each other pancakes and a rasher of bacon,
with coffee and orange juice! And I knew we'd both be starving by
lunch. There is an old saying that 'an army travels on it's stomach'.  That
must be because so often armies are made up of young males!

We boarded the bus, which wasn't very crowded, and found seats together
away from the other people, towards the back of the bus. That way, we could
talk without being overheard and, more importantly, we could touch each
other and hold hands without anyone noticing. Now that we had been so
intimate with each other and knew what we meant to each other, I found it
almost impossible to keep my hands off him - nor he, me!

The hours flew by, as I heard more stories about Jeff's brothers, their
cattle ranch in Nebraska, what it was like growing up there and even some
of the tales of the brother's sexual adventures. I asked Jeff how old he
was when he started having sex with his brothers.

"Well, let's see. My oldest brother was about 13 when they first let me
join them so I must have been about nine." he said.

"Nine?! Holy Shit!" I exclaimed.

"Well, they'd all been doing it with each other for a couple of years by
that point. First my oldest two brothers and then gradually the rest of
us." he said.

"So how did it start? What did they do with you?" I asked.

"Well, my next oldest brother, Tim, caught me jacking off one night in bed
so he knew I was already 'playin' with my pecker', as he put it. So, the
next night, I got taken by him to my older brother's room for what turned
out to be a 'circle jerk'. You know what that is?" he asked.

"No. Not really." I said.

"That's where you sit around in a circle and everybody jacks off watchin'
each other. Now a lot of times, it gets into jackin' each other off. That's
what we did that night. We all jacked each other off. It was the best thing
I'd ever experienced in my life up until that time! It was way better to
have somebody else jackin' on your pecker than doin' it yourself!" he
laughed.

"That's all you guys did? Jack each other off and piss on each other?" I
asked.

"Oh, fuck, no! That was just a start! Actually the pissin' came along
later. We gradually got into exploring each other's bodies until we were
suckin' on each other's cocks and eventually lickin' and fuckin' each
other's butts. Pissin' on each other was just something that happened on
day down at the swimming hole where we'd swim in summer. We swam naked
because the pond was on our property and nobody went there but us boys. We
used to have these 'contests' - like who could piss the furthest and who
could cum the furthest or the fastest. Stuff like that. Typical for
boys. One day, and I don't remember who started it, we started pissin' on
each other, just like I showed you this mornin' - havin' a 'piss fight'. At
first I guess we didn't really see anything 'sexual' in it. Or, at least,
didn't acknowledge anything. That came later."

"You know, I'm not being a prude or anything, but that's incest." I said.

"Yeah! I know!" he said disgustedly. "That's what people would call
it. But, fuck! It's not like anybody forced anybody to do anything! We were
five very horny young guys and we loved every minute of it! Fuck, wasn't
like any of us could get pregnant and have a 'monster' or anything!" he
said. "And it didn't seem to hurt none of us. I'm the only one that ended
up gay!  The rest of my brothers are married and have kids of their
own. Well...except for Tim. He's getting married in a few months."

"You really make me wish I'd had brothers!" I laughed. "So, now that
they're married, I guess that takes care of you guys having sex with each
other?"

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well. Your brothers are married and have kids? They don't still have sex
with each other, do they?" I asked.

"They still got peckers that get hard, don't they!" he laughed. "Fuck, yes!
They still get together.  Why, when I was home, I had sex with each one of
them individually and one night we all went up to my oldest brother's cabin
and had a good old fashioned orgy - lasted half the night! At one point, I
got fucked by all four of them in a row!"

"Holy Shit! What about their wives?!" I exclaimed, but what I was really
picturing was 4 more 'Jeff's' fucking him!

"What about 'em? As far as they know, my brothers are just huntin' or
fishin'! And besides suckin' each other's cocks and fuckin each other's
butts, they really do hunt and fish!" he grinned.

"Well, I'll be fucked!" I said in amazement.

"I'd love to, but I don't think we ought to on the bus!" he
laughed. "Actually, I wouldn't be a bit surprised that when I take you home
to meet them, my brothers don't all want to fuck you!"

Now there was a thought that brought my cock to full attention - making my
jeans VERY uncomfortable! I had to reach down and readjust myself and Jeff
started laughing.

"I see you like that idea!" he said.

"Well...I've never seen your brothers so I have this picture of four more
of you fucking me in a row! That would raise a hardon on anybody!" I said.

"Well, that's pretty much what it looks like!" he laughed. "There's no
doubt when you see us together that we all came from the same litter!"

"Do you think your brothers will like me?" I asked, suddenly concerned.

He leaned over and, putting his arm round me, pulled me to him and kissed
me gently on the forehead.

"Mike, they're gonna love you! Trust me!" he murmured.

This sent a shot of warmth through my heart that almost had me in
tears. Never having brothers, it was such a wonderful thought that Jeff's
would like me. But as quickly as that thought came, another 'not so nice'
one followed it.

"But what about your parents?" I asked.

"Well...I know my Dad will like you. My Mom, on the other hand, she might
be somewhat of a problem. I'm pretty sure that my Dad's gotten the message
that I don't much care for females.  When I had that fight with Mom over
her trying to fix me up while I was home, Dad made this real odd comment."
Jeff said.

"What did he say?" I asked.

"Dad told her, same as I did, that she should look to my other brothers for
grandchildren. Then he said, 'I don't think there's a filly in this world
that could ever get Jeff to run in her paddock.' I figured right then and
there that Dad understood, though I don't know how he could. I mean I've
never said anything to him. Never talked about it." Jeff said.

"Well, supposedly Mothers are supposed to 'know' about sons. Who knows,
maybe some fathers do." I said.

We talked a lot about what was going to happen once we got to
California. Mike's apartment was in Oceanside, California, close to Camp
Pendelton. That's where we would be getting off the bus. Mike's apartment
was just a few blocks away. He had an old Toyota pick-up which he used to
get back and forth to the base to work but didn't want to drive it all the
way to Nebraska and back. That's why he'd taken the bus. I can't even begin
to explain how glad I was that he did! It was a small, one bedroom
apartment but, with just the two of us, it would be plenty of room!  After
all, we certainly didn't need more than one bedroom.

Jeff told me that we would go to 'our' apartment (a thrill when through me
when he said this!)  and I could unpack, then he would drive me out to the
base and we would try and find my Dad.  As he told me, Marines can be
deployed anywhere in the world on a moments notice, so there was no
guarantee that, even though he'd been there a few weeks ago, when the
letter was posted, that he'd still be there. My face fell at this and Jeff
hastened to add that chances were good, however, that he would be. He just
didn't want me to be too disappointed if he wasn't.

The trip from Las Vegas took a little over eight hours so we got into
Oceanside around 5 o'clock in the afternoon. We walked the few blocks to
Jeff's apartment. It was in an older section of town, in a small apartment
building that only had eight apartments. Jeff's was on the second floor but
did overlook the swimming pool. It was small, just a living room/dining
room combination, a kitchen that was big enough to eat in as Jeff had a
small drop-leaf table with four chairs and a bedroom and bath.

The whole place, unlike the typical apartment of a 21 year old, was
spotless. It was also mostly empty. Jeff only had an old couch and a coffee
table in the living room with a wall unit with a stereo system and TV in
it. There was also a small computer desk with a computer on one wall.  The
bedroom had a queen-sized bed with a small bedside table and a single chest
of drawers. The only decoration on the walls was in the living room - the
red and yellow Marine Corps flag was prominently displayed on the wall
behind the couch. The apartment was a Spartan as a barracks.  Even in the
closet in the bedroom, every uniform was hung neatly by usage - first, his
dress blues (which I was dying to see him in!), next his 'greens' and then
his camouflage fatigues. This was followed by the few 'civilian' clothes
that he had.

"It's not much. I didn't have a lot of money to furnish it." Jeff said,
apologetically.

"Jeff! It's wonderful! Really!" I said.

"Well, it's probably nothing like the mansion you lived in." he said,
rather nervously.

"No, Jeff, it isn't anything like the mansion I lived in." I said, and I
could see his face fall.  "There's somebody who loves me here. There never
was there. This place is far more beautiful than that mansion ever was or
could hope to be!"

At these words, his face broke out in a huge grin and he pulled me into his
strong, muscular arms, hugging me tightly to him.

"There will always be someone here who loves you! Don't ever forget that!"
he said, his voice husky with emotion.

"I won't. I promise!" I said.

"So, I guess you're pretty eager to get to the base and find your Dad,
huh?" he asked.

"Well...to be honest with you, now that I'm here, I'm a little
scared. After all, I don't know what to expect. We've never met. What if he
doesn't like me?" I asked.

"Then he's not worthy to be your father." Jeff said, decisively.

I smiled up at him.

"Thank you. Maybe there's a way that I could call him, first. Not just
spring myself on him." I said.

"Of course there is! The base locator! Why didn't I think of that!" Jeff
exclaimed.

He went to a wall phone in the kitchen and dialed a number. He spoke to
someone, asking them for a number to Master Sergeant Michael Harrison. He
grabbed a pen and a pad of paper from the kitchen table and wrote down
something, then hung up.

"Got it!" he said, handing me the piece of paper.

On it was a phone number. I looked up at Jeff.

"Go on. Give him a call." Jeff urged me.

Bucking up all my courage I reached for the phone and dialed the numbers. I
heard it ring several times, and then a gruff, definitely 'Marine' voice
came on the line.

"Harrison!" the voice almost shouted.

"Is this Master Sergeant Michael Harrison?" I asked, a quiver in my voice.

"Yeah! Who's this?!" he asked gruffly.

"Ahh...I think I may be...well...your son. I'm Michael Harrison, Jr." I
said, my voice hardly able to get out of my mouth.

There was dead silence on the phone. I thought for a moment we might have
been disconnected or he might have hung up, thinking this was a joke. Then
I heard him again. His voice quiet, deep and husky.

"Michael? Is that you son? Where the fuck are you boy?! You're fuckin'
Momma called me and told me you disappeared!" he said.

"I'm in Oceanside, Dad. I just arrived." I said, very close to tears.

"Where in Oceanside! I'll come get you!" Dad exclaimed.

"I'm staying with someone. A Marine. His name's Jeff." I said.

"A Marine?! Where the fuck did you meet him?" Dad growled, almost like a
protective male lion!

"On the bus here. We've been together for two days, Dad. Jeff is letting me
stay in his apartment." I said.

"Well, what's the address?" he asked.

I covered the receiver with my hand and told Jeff Dad wanted the
address. Jeff gave it to me and then I repeated it to Dad.

"It's on Mission Avenue between North Ditmar and North Nevada Streets,
apartment 204."

"I know where that is. I'll be there in twenty minutes! Don't you go
nowhere!" he ordered me.

"No, Dad. I promise. I'll be waiting for you." I said and then he hung up
the phone.

I did, too, turning to Jeff.

"He said he'll be here in 20 minutes." I said. "I'm scared."

Jeff walked over and took me into his warm, strong arms.

"I know, Mike. This isn't easy. A Dad you've never met before. But just
remember, no matter what happens, I love you and we have each other." Jeff
said.

I hugged him tight.

"That's what's going to get me through this." I murmured.

Jeff leaned down and gently kissed me. I kissed him back with deep passion
and we stood there for a while, just tasting each other until Jeff pulled
his mouth away from mine.

"Whoa! Slow down there, Cowpoke! We ain't got time to go gettin' anything
started!" he laughed.

"Well...just hold my place! We can start right there later." I grinned.

"What we can start is a pot of coffee. I gotta feeling we might be needin'
it." he said.

Jeff let go of me and started making coffee. I sat down at the little table
and watched his languid but precise, practiced movements. For all his
strength and muscular size, Jeff moved like a cat, his motions fluid and
almost sensual, no matter what he did. It wasn't the first time I'd thought
of him as a cat - a large cat! Like a mountain lion or a white tiger! A
beautiful but dangerous cat. I knew that he was a Marine and that meant he
was well trained in the ways of a warrior. He could kill many different
ways, including with his bare hands. But he was not a 'killer' or a
'fighter'.  He was obviously a lover. A man who reveled in the sensual
delights that he could find in his own and other men's bodies. Only if
placed in danger or if something (or someone) he loved was in peril would
the fierce, feral 'jungle cat' come out. And then may God have mercy on the
soul of whoever threatened what or who Jeff considered under his
protection!

It overwhelmed me that this protection had been so freely and easily
offered to me. I suppose it was natural for me to feel that, on one hand, I
didn't need it and on the other, I didn't deserve it. I was, after all a
male as well. I had strength. Not as prodigious as his, but I was still
young and fairly well built. I had my own desires to protect him - as
foolish as that sounded. I knew he had no need of physical protection from
me but there were other ways that he was vulnerable. He was, as with all
who are in love, emotionally vulnerable. I was determined that, no matter
what happened, I would never knowingly hurt him. Never knowingly use that
vulnerability against him in any way. This I vowed to myself and to any of
the Gods that would listen! I wanted to shout out 'This is the man I love!
This is the man that I have taken his heart within myself to protect and
cherish forever!'.

I shook my head at my own romantic foolishness. I guess I had read far too
many fantasy novels!  He suddenly looked over at me and saw me gazing at
him, probably with the eyes of a moon- truck calf!

"What are you doing?" he asked, smiling.

"Just watching you." I said. "I love to watch you move."

He shook his head.

"You're crazy. You know that, don't you?" he laughed.

I got up from the chair and walked the two step over to him. His arms came
around me as naturally as the rain, holding me gently, using so little of
the power of those arms.

"Yes, I'm crazy! Absolutely, insanely in love with you." I said, looking up
into his deep blue eyes.

He didn't say a word. He just leaned down and gently kiss me. Then his lips
moved against mine and I could feel his breath against them as he softly
murmured.

"And I am insanely in love with you."

I don't know where things would have led then, but it was in the next
moment that we heard a heavy knock at the door.

"I think that must be your Dad." he smiled.

"Yeah." I said, suddenly very afraid.

Jeff went to the door and opened it. There stood another Marine, almost as
tall as Jeff, in camouflage fatigues. I could see the black triple chevrons
with the triple rockers beneath denoting his rank as Master Sergeant. He
wore the same, severe 'high and tight' haircut as Jeff but what hair could
be seen was blond like my own. He was a muscular and well built as Jeff and
didn't look a day over 30 and yet I knew he had to be at least 35 or 36, as
I was 18. It was like looking at an older version of myself. Dad first
looked at Jeff questioningly but Jeff quickly informed him that he was not
the Sergeant's son.

"Lance Corporal Jeff Berringer, Sir!" Jeff said, extending his hand to
Dad. "I take it you must be Master Sergeant Harrison?"

I was standing behind and slightly to the left of Jeff as Dad shook his
hand, and spoke to Jeff, all the time looking at me.

"Yes, Corporal." Dad said and then stopped.

Jeff moved away, letting Dad and me face each other. It was amazing! It was
like looking into a mirror - but a mirror that ages you. I saw what I would
look like at Dad's age. There was absolutely no mistaking that we were
father and son. We just stood there staring at each other for a long
moment. Then I heard a sound come out of my Dad's mouth, somewhere between
a croak and a sob.

"Mike?" he managed to get out.

I, on the other hand, could barely get out, "Dad?"

Then somehow his arms were around me and my face was in his uniform shirt,
pressed against his muscular chest, crying my eyes out and clinging to his
muscular form. His arms were wrapped around me so tight I could barely
breathe but I didn't even notice. His face was pressed against my head,
buried in my hair and I could feel sobs wracking his body as well. I doubt
if any of the Marine's who he trained or who served under him would believe
the site of him then! We stayed like that the longest time, not saying a
word. Just holding onto each other like we were on the deck of ship caught
in a maelstrom.

Finally Dad pulled back from me, his large, strong hands gripping my
shoulders and looking at me. Searching my face and body. Recognizing
himself in me. My hands gripped his arms, feeling the incredibly hard,
thick musculature of them. My Dad was a HUNK! And obviously a man to be
reckoned with!

"I can't believe it's you! I can't believe you're finally here! I wrote so
many letters..." he said.

"I know!" I interrupted him. " I have them all with me! I only found them
three days ago!  Grandfather had hid them. I never got to see them!"

"That fucking son-of-a-bitch!" Dad fumed. "What a fucking nasty old bastard
he is!"

"No shit! I only wished I'd punched him out when I left, like Jeff said he
would have!" I told Dad.

"No, probably better you didn't son. With these arms, you might have killed
the asshole!" He laughed. "Who's Jeff?"

"Dad, you just met him." I said.

"Oh, the Corporal. Yeah, come to think of it, he did say his name was
Jeff. I guess I was preoccupied." he grinned sheepishly.

"That's okay. I'm sure he'd understand. He's very understanding." I said
and hoped my true feelings for Jeff weren't showing through - at least, not
yet.

"Where'd the fuck did you meet him?" Dad asked.

"On the bus coming here. He got on in Omaha. His family owns a cattle ranch
in Nebraska. We rode the rest of the way here together. We stopped for a
day in Las Vegas." I said and then stopped.

Now was NOT the time to discuss Las Vegas!

"Well, I'm going to have to thank the Corporal for taking good care of you!
And you told me he's given you a place to stay here?" Dad said.

"Yes. He has." I said.

"That's great. Well, it will take a little while but I can arrange family
quarters on base for us so you won't have to impose on the Corporal." Dad
said.

"Uhh...no, Dad. It's not like that. I want to stay with Jeff." I said
quietly.

I had not expected this to come up so soon! Fuck!

"You want to stay with him?" Dad asked, and I could hear hurt and confusion
in his voice.

"Dad, let's go in the living room and talk, okay?" I asked.

"Sure, son. Whatever you want." Dad said.

We sat down on the couch, which was the only place in the room to sit
except the chair for the computer desk. I looked at my Dad and was
overwhelmed by fear. But I remember what Jeff had told me - Courage is not
the absence of fear, but knowing what had to be done and doing it anyway.

"Dad, listen to me. All my life, I wanted you. I wanted to know you. I
wanted to be your son the way a son is supposed to be. I thought that you
had abandoned me. Had just left and couldn't care less that you had a
son. Then I found the letters and I knew I had to find you. But, Dad, there
was a part of me - a big part that didn't want to ever see you, didn't want
to find you. A part of me that I didn't want you to ever know anything
about because I figured it would make you hate me." I said.

"But don't you see, son! I could never hate you!" Dad insisted,
interrupting.

"I know you think that, Dad, but there are things you don't know about
me. And I don't much think you're going to like them when you find out." I
said.

"Like what? Are you a dope addict? Do you rape girls, children, what?!" Dad
asked, frustration showing in his voice and on his face.

"No. I'm none of those things. What I am, Dad, is gay." I said quietly.

Dad just looked at me. He didn't say a word for the longest time. I figured
that was it! I had been right. He couldn't handle it and this was the last
I was ever going to see of him.

"And that's why you want to live with the Corporal." Dad finally said
quietly.

"Yes, Dad. Jeff and I love each other very much. We want to try and build a
life together." I said, determined not to flinch or show cowardice.

"Well, I'll be damned!" Dad said softly. "You gotta know that this isn't
gonna be easy for him?  You know how the Corps feels about guys who are
open about being gay, right?"

"They don't much care for them." I said.

"That's putting it fucking mildly, son! They fuckin' throw them out if they
can find enough evidence on them!" Dad said.

"Oh..." I said.

"But as long as a man's discreet and doesn't give them anything to hang him
with, then he can make it. I ought to know!" Dad said, grinning at me.

As the import of Dad's words hit me, my mouth fell open and unintelligible
sounds started coming out! What the fuck did he just say?!

"Yeah, son. You didn't fall far from the tree. I've always preferred
guys. Well...I always preferred sex. When I was young, didn't matter what
hole it was as long as it was wet and warm and would let me shove my cock
in it. I'll be the first one to admit that your grandfather did me a great
favor by not letting me be stupid enough to marry your mother! I didn't
love her - and she damned sure didn't love me! I doubt that she's capable
of loving anybody other than herself!"  Dad said.

"You've got that right, Dad. And she hasn't changed!" I said.

"I didn't think so. When she called here a couple of days ago, after you
ran off, all she was concerned about was what people would think - of her!
She didn't say one damned word about being worried about you!" he said.

"But I was willing to marry her and spend most of my life putting up with
her and your grandfather for one reason - you! I wanted you! I wanted a
son! But they ended up taking you away from me." Dad said.

I reached out and put my arms around his neck.

"No they didn't! I never believed that you'd run away. I knew you loved
me. I wondered why you never came back. I used to dream of you sneaking
into my room at night and kidnaping me - taking me away with you!" I said.

His arms went around me and I could smell his strong masculine scent. That
caused a stirring in my groin that I couldn't understand! This was my
father, for God's sake! How could I have the hots for him?! Well...he was
an extremely attractive man and a Marine - it was almost like, how could I
'not' have the hots for him! But I definitely didn't want him to know that!

"You don't know how many times I thought about doing just that! But I knew
they'd find us and then I'd go to prison and you'd be right back where you
started. I only hoped and prayed that one day, one of my letters would get
through to you and you'd come and find me. And now you have." he said,
squeezing me tight to him and making my hardon even harder!

"God! Daddy! I love you so much!" I said, not even realizing that I'd
called him by such a childish name.

"Thank you, son. God! I sure do love you very much!" he said and then
loosened his hold on me and looked me in the face. "Now I guess we'd better
go and let me really meet this Marine you've gone and fallen in love with."

He smiled at me and I grinned. I couldn't believe it! Everything was going
to work out after all!

The End of Chapter Five of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 26)

Date: Fri, 13 Feb 2004 17:24:12 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 4

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Four - Las Vegas Night

Jeff and I never made it to the 'Strip' in Las Vegas. We spent the rest of
that day making love to each other. We did finally realize that we needed
to get something to eat and set out to walk around the neighborhood of the
motel to see what we could find. We spotted a little Italian restaurant
about three blocks from the motel and figured that would be as good as
anything. The place was tiny, just a few tables and booths. The booths were
set in alcoves and were half round.  They provided complete privacy from
other diners but were open to the front.

I remember we thought at first we'd order pizza but Jeff decided that we
should have something more substantial. After all, we were burning up an
awful lot of energy in our almost constant pursuit of pleasuring each
other. Jeff finally ended up ordering veal saltimbocca for both of us. It
came with a wonderful soup made of chicken broth, spinach and mushrooms and
a large green salad. For dessert, there was wonderful home-made rum cake.

We sat close together as we ate. There would be spurts of excited
conversation between us that would trail off to where we sat there,
entranced in each other's eyes. Often, during the meal, under the white
table-cloth, Jeff's hand would stray to my leg to touch me gently, almost
as if to make sure that I was real. I would cover his hand with mine and
press it harder against me. Or my hand would stray to this leg where I
would feel the strength and hardness of his muscles as he would give me one
of his shy, gentle smiles. I would have been totally obvious to anyone who
watched us for more than two minutes, that we were very, very much in love.

After dinner, we walked back to the motel and without words, began to
undress each other. When we were naked, we climbed back into bed and Jeff
took me into his arms. But we didn't start making love to each other, we
simply lay in each others arms, lost in thought for a while.

"A penny for your thoughts." Jeff finally said.

"You don't have to pay for them, they're all about you anyway." I said.

"Oh, and what are you thinking about me?" he smiled.

"That I cannot believe how much you make me feel loved. I've never really
known what that was like. I always was made to feel like I was in the way
or could never be good enough to matter." I said.

"How could they be that way? What the hell kind of people are your family
anyway?" Jeff asked, his voice tense.

"The only thing that my grandfather cares about is his money and his power
to control everyone and everything around him! My mother had very little to
do with me. She was too busy being a socialite with her charity
functions. I was basically raised by a series of housekeepers, though we
could never hold onto one very long, considering how my grandfather treated
them." I explained.

"Well, that's over with. You don't ever have to go back there." he said.

"Yes, but I'm not sure where I'm going either." I told him, letting some of
my fears out.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well, I want to see my Dad. And, according to his letters, he wants to see
me. But I don't know him at all. And he doesn't know me. What if he finds
out that I'm gay? What if he hates me for it? What do I do then?" I said,
my voice starting to betray some of the desperation I felt.

Jeff pulled me closer, reached up and began stroking my hair, trying to
calm me down.

"Aren't you forgetting about something?" he asked gently.

"What?" I asked, confused.

"Us." he said.

That stopped me in my tracks! 'Us'. Jeff and me. Was it possible that he
really means all that he says. That it wasn't just his hard cock talking?
That he's really in love with me? But how am I supposed to know. Nobody's
ever loved me before. It feels like he does, but that could just be wishful
thinking on my part. I may be a nice diversion for him before he has to go
back to base.  How could I be sure?

"Jeff...I...I don't know about 'us'. I've never been an 'us' before. I
don't know what's really happening here. I mean, why would you want to get
hooked up with me? You've got your career in the Corps and everything. I'd
just be in the way, wouldn't I?" I asked.

He just sat there for the longest time, not saying anything. I began to get
really scared. After all, I did love him. I loved him desperately! I just
couldn't believe that he could fall in love with me - that anybody could
fall in love with me.

"I think I know where that's coming from." he said, finally, his voice very
quiet but very serious.  "I guess if I'd never felt that anybody loved me,
I'd have a hard time believing when somebody did. But, okay, if that's the
way you want it, I guess we can just get on the bus in the morning, head on
to Pendelton and then never see each other again."

I froze. Never see each other again?! I didn't want that! Now, look what
the fuck I'd done! This hit me like a knife going through my guts! I loved
Jeff like I'd never loved anybody before in my whole life and I'd fucked it
up! Made him think I didn't love him, didn't want him! What a fucking
asshole I was! I lay there, and all of a sudden, I started crying. I
couldn't help it! All of a sudden, all the happiness I felt just crashed
down around me.

Great huge sobs began to come from me and I tried to pull out of Jeff's
arms but he held onto me, pulling me deeper into his embrace. He held me as
I cried, gently stroking my head but not saying anything. It took a while,
but I finally got control of myself. I didn't know what to do or what to
say! How could I get him to not leave me?

"I'm sorry! I don't want to lose you! I love you! Don't you believe that?"
I begged him.

He looked into my eyes.

"It's not what I believe that's the problem. I do believe you love me, but
how can I trust you if you don't trust me. If you don't believe I love you,
then we have nothing together." he said quietly.
                              
That hit me hard. He was right.

"Jeff, I love you. I really do. This is really scary for me,
though. Nobody's ever loved me. I'm so afraid to believe that you do
because I'm so afraid it won't be true. I couldn't handle that! Please!
Give me another chance?" I said.

"It's me that wants a chance, Mike. And you're the one who has to give
it. You have to trust that I do love you, that I want you to be with me and
I'm not going to leave you. I'll be there if you need help. I want us to
belong to each other. But you've got to want that, too." he said.

"I want that more than anything I've ever wanted in my whole life! Please,
Jeff, I do love you. I know I'm screwed up. But that doesn't mean that I
don't love you. Please, just give me time. All this is so new to me." I
begged.

Instead of answering, he kissed me deeply and passionately. I was lost in
his kiss, and despite all the emotional turmoil I was in, my cock was
getting hard again. At least my fucking cock was on the right path!

"Okay. I think I understand. You have no experience of being loved. I'll
try to remember that.  But you've got to understand something as well. I
don't have any experience of loving someone like this either. I've looked
for a long time to find someone to love who would love me. I didn't expect
to find it on a Greyhound bus on the way back to Pendelton, anymore than
you did. This is all new to me as well." Jeff said.

"What are we going to do, then. You say you want me with you, but how? I'm
not a Marine. I can't live in the barracks with you." I said.

"Who said I live in the barracks?" he asked.

"You don't?" I was amazed at this.

"No, I don't. I'm in what's called the First Maintenance Battalion of the
1st Force Service Support Group. What we do is provide, among other things,
intermediate level maintenance support for Marine Corps-furnished tactical
communications and electronics. That's what I do.  Repair communications
and tactical electronics - like lap-top computers or radios used in the
field. I don't live on base. I live in an apartment off base." he said.

"Oh! So that means...?" I asked, not able to get the words out.

"That we can live together?" he smiled. "Yes, that's what that means."

"I wonder if my Dad will allow me to?" I asked.

"I guess I should point out that it really doesn't matter what your Dad
'allows'." Jeff said, quietly.

I looked at him oddly.

"Mike, you're 18. You're legally an adult. You can do anything you want to
do except drink alcohol. You can live anywhere and with anyone you
want. You don't have to ask permission for anything." he said.

As he spoke, his words started sinking into my head. He was right! I didn't
need anybody's permission for anything anymore! I hadn't thought about that
when I turned 18. Well, it was just a couple of months ago and, of course,
neither my Grandfather or Mother would point that out!  They wanted to
maintain 'control' over me!

"Fuck! You're right! I can do anything I want!" I grinned.

"Including live with a Marine who, by the way, loves you and wants you with
him." Jeff said quietly.

"Oh, that's what I want to do more than anything!" I said.

"So, you see, what your Dad thinks about you being gay, ultimately doesn't
matter to how you live your life. I mean, I know you love your Dad and all,
but if he can't deal with it, that doesn't have to effect us." Jeff
explained.

"I understand. And you're wrong. I don't love my Dad. I 'want' to love my
Dad but I don't know him. I've never met him. I've only loved the 'idea' of
him. I'll have to learn to love him. But I love you! I don't need to learn
how to do that. I do already. So, yes! I agree. No matter how Dad feels
about me loving you - I'm not going to stop loving you - or being with
you." I said.

Jeff smiled his 'killer smile' at me.

"But, I have to ask you something...how about your parents? They don't know
that you're gay.  What's going to happen when you tell them?" I asked
quietly.

"I honestly don't know. My brothers already know. They're cool with it. I
think my Dad will be, too. The problem is going to be my mother. But, just
like you, how she feels isn't going to change anything. I still love you. I
still want you with me." he said. "Are you feeling better about things
now?" he asked.

I smiled.

"Yeah! Tons better! I'm really sorry. This has all hit me like a runaway
train! It's just a lot to handle at once, leaving home - coming halfway
across the country to find a father I don't even know and then finding you
and you wanting me to spend my life with you! I just got overwhelmed
there." I said.

"Do you want to slow things down? I mean, we don't have to live together
right away if you don't want to." he said hesitantly.

"No! You don't want that and neither do I! I want to be with you. I don't
care what I have to go through to make that happen. There is no place else
I want to be." I said decisively.

"Okay. I don't want to put pressure on you. I know that this is difficult
for you. It's like when I first went to the Corps. I'd never been out of
the county before. It was scary being on my own for the first time and I
had the Corps to rely on." he said.

I nuzzled his neck and kissed it.

"And I have the Corps to rely on. At least one member of it. Right?" I
asked quietly.

"Oh fuck, yeah! You know you do!" he grinned and pushed me back down on the
bed, climbing on top of me so that he was looking down into my eyes. "I
want you."

"Oh, fuck! I want you! Fuck me?" I begged.

"Nope." he answered.

I looked at him in shock! He wouldn't fuck me?! What was this all about?!

"You...you won't fuck me?" I asked hesitantly.

"Nope...not until you fuck me." he murmured.

Oh fuck! Me fuck him?! Me fuck this young Marine-God! My head was spinning
but my cock wasn't! It evidently heard 'fuck' and was quickly hard as
steel. Jeff moved off me and lay face down on the bed. I moved off the bed
and gave him room to spread his legs and then climbed back onto the bed
from the foot, crawling up until I was over him. I had spent most of the
time looking at the beautiful front of him - his beautiful face and eyes,
his muscular chest and abs, his glorious cock but his back! God! It was as
incredibly beautiful in its own way as the front of him.  The broad
muscular back the trim waist and a butt that belonged in the 'Butt Hall of
Fame'! One of the most beautiful male asses that I had ever seen. (And in
gym, I'd gotten to see a lot of them!)

"Enjoying the view?" I heard his voice and looked up.

He was looking over his shoulder, watching me look at his beautiful body
laid out under me.

"Yes." my face colored, blushing at being caught staring at him.

"Hey! It's okay. I love it that you love my body. It's all yours, you
know." he smiled.

All mine? All this incredibly masculine beauty mine? Oh, fuck! It was
mind-blowing to me to realize that just as I offered my body to him for his
pleasure (and mine) he was offering his to me.

"Come on. Lay down on me. I can handle it." he smiled.

And I did, my body conforming to the contours of his. I loved this position
immediately! I loved the way his ass pushed into my groin, how his back
felt against my chest, how his shoulders and neck were close enough to lick
and nibble at - which I proceeded to do! He, for his part, proceeded to
groan at the touch of my tongue and teeth and pushed his butt back harder
against my rampant cock which had managed to somehow work its way into his
butt-crack and was rubbing against his hole, sliding on the wetness of his
sweat and the cock-honey that I was leaking.

I moved down his body, licking and nibbling at the very sensitive skin of
his back. He, for his part, continued to moan and writhe at the feelings I
was causing. Finally I reached my true destination - his butt! It was warm
and strong with the softest, smoothest skin I'd ever felt. I began licking
gently at the cheeks and heard Jeff moan as I did so. I moved from one
cheek to the other, licking and occasionally nipping at the skin with my
teeth. Finally, I moved to where my nose was running up and down above the
cleft between his buns. I could lightly smell his butt- scent and knew that
when I spread his cheeks with my hands, there would be a great deal more to
fulfill my 'scent-addiction'.

Finally, I couldn't wait anymore, I spread his cheeks with my hands and
moved my nose deep into his trench. Because of the amount of muscle that
comprised his butt-cheeks, the trench was DEEP! If there is one thing that
I've discovered that all the physical training that the Marines put the
members of the Corps through creates - it is the greatest looking male
asses in the world! And this one was an outstanding (in more ways than one)
example of what the Marine Corps could create!

The scent that hit my nose was electrifying! Definitely 'assy', comprised
of sweat, musk and the indefinable essence that was 'Jeff'. The dark scent
rose in my nose and I was immediately lost in the masculine funk of it,
moaning and snorting to the point that I feared I would hyperventilate.
Jeff was not quiet either.

"Yeah! That's it! Smell my raunchy butt! Get all that butt scent! Get off
on my stink!" he growled as I moved my nose up and down his butt-trench.

"You like that stink? Huh? You like my raunchy, ripe butt? Lick it! Eat my
ass! Taste my fuckin' butt!" he ordered and my tongue rapidly complied.

I licked up and down his trench, tasting the tang of his musk, the salt of
his sweat, relishing the taste and scent of him. I didn't take long before
I was concentrating on his hole, licking around the puckered opening,
trying to force my way inside with my tongue. I could feel Jeff pushing
down with his ass muscles and felt his hole blossom open under my
tongue. The next thing I knew, my tongue was buried deep in his hole and I
was tasting the inside of his body for the first time. The dark, rich tang
of the inside of his ass was beyond what treats his trench held! I love the
taste of him. I loved the feel of the smooth walls of his ass against my
tongue. I love his ass so much, I could gladly have lain there for the next
three days just eating his hole. But Jeff reminded me what my 'mission'
was.

"Yeah, get my hole wet and fuck it! Come on! Shove your cock in me and
pound my fuckin' butt!" he growled.

You don't ignore the demands of a Marine - especially a horny one! Not if
you value your life and your male parts!

I pulled my face out of his hole to look for the lube. I no sooner looked
up and I was looking right at the bottle, held in Jeff's hand, his arm
reaching back making clear what he wanted - and NOW! I took the lube and
began wetting his hole with it.

"That's all you have to do. You don't have to get me ready. Just lube your
cock up and shove it in my butt." Jeff ordered.

I took him at his word. I lubed his hole, and then lubed my cock. I rose up
again on my hands, placing my cock at the entrance to his chute. I pushed
with my hips and after a second or two of resistance, the lips of his ass
parted and my cockhead slid into his hole. Too impatient to wait for me,
Jeff pushed back, burying my cock in his hole to my short hairs! One smooth
glide and my cock was buried in it's first male asshole! Oh, fuck! It was
so wet and hot! So tight! I could feel his ass-chute clutching around my
cock and I nearly came!

"Just rest there a minute and let me get used to it. Fuck! You've got one
big cock on you! I love it!" Jeff groaned.

A thrill went through me at his words. Now, the size of my cock suddenly
became something that filled me with pride rather than shame because it
pleased this Marine that I loved to distraction! I mentally thanked my Dad
for his gift to me of genes that grew such a good sized man-root.

"Okay, start fuckin' me. Go slow! I'll let you know when you can pound my
fuckin' butt!" Jeff moaned.

I drew my cock back just and inch or so and then sank slowly back into his
hole. Fuck! The sensations going up my cock about drove me over the edge
again. Now I understood why guys love to fuck! This was something I knew I
was going to want to do to Jeff - a lot! The feelings weren't all that were
getting to me. The thought of fucking the ass of this big, masculine,
muscular Marine was getting to me as well! To have someone so incredibly
dominant suddenly be submissive, begging for my cock to fuck his ass, was a
total turn-on!

I continued to fuck him slowly, pulling out further and further each
time. I groaned at the feelings of his butt clutching to my cock as I slid
back in to his hot furnace of a hole. I was really getting into this! I
could hear him groaning as well as I slid my cock into it's new home. This
made me think of what it was like when he fucked me and realized, suddenly,
that I knew exactly what this felt like! I automatically knew how to make
this incredibly wonderful for him because I knew exactly what this felt
like!

"Ahh, fuck, yeah! Fuck my butt! Ram my fuckin' hole with that big cock of
yours! Let go!  Lemme have it! Pound my fuckin' ass!" Jeff groaned and I
eagerly obeyed.

I began really fucking him now. Shoving my cock hard up his butt. I also
began to shift my position so that the thrusts were going in at different
angles so that I was hitting different parts of his butt with each
thrust. His groans got louder at this so I knew that I was doing the right
things to him - just as he'd done to me.

"Yeah! Fuck me! Ahh, fuck! I love that cock up my hole! Dick me! Make me
feel it!" he begged as my fucking speeded up.

I was now pounding his hole with all the strength and speed that I had. I
could hear my hips slapping against his butt-cheeks and the slurping sounds
of his hole sucking at my cock as I pulled out. Jeff had a very talented
hole! It would open when I pounded into his butt and then tighten as I
tried to withdraw - intensifying the feelings in my cock. It was almost
like his ass was sucking my cock like a mouth would - but a hundred times
more intense!

I didn't think I could last much longer. After all, this was my first fuck
ever! But I wanted to hold off, I wanted to get him off if I could. I
wanted to feel that I had really given him the pleasure that he had
introduced me to not so many hours before. I didn't want to just 'breed'
him. I wanted to make him want this again and again - not that I had much
fear that he wouldn't! It was then that I heard his groans again.

"Fuck! Yeah! I'm gonna cum! You're gonna make me cum, Mike! I don't wanna
but I can't help it! Oooh, yeah, gimme that cock! Pound that fucker up my
ass HARD!" he moaned.

I continued to pound his butt as hard as I could which was rapidly driving
me over the edge as well. Suddenly, I felt his chute begin to spasm around
my cock - gripping it hard while the muscles seemed to ripple up and down
it. That was all it took for me and I could feel my cum begin to rise from
my nuts and begin it's journey out of the piss hole in my cock. At the same
time, I could feel and hear Jeff bucking under me and crying out.

"FUCK! I'M CUMMIN'! FUCK ME!!!" he screamed out.

I rammed my cock into his hole as hard as I could and the held there,
pumping shot after shot of my hot cum deep in his hole! I couldn't tell how
many shots went up his ass but every time his chute tightened around my
dick in his orgasm, I shot another load of spoonge in his Marine butt!

I finally had no more cum left in me and I slumped onto his back, licking
and kissing the back of his neck and his shoulders. My cock was still rock
hard and deeply buried in his hot hole. All I could think about was fucking
him! I was quickly learning the hard-wired biological imperative of males -
Fuck it hard! Fuck it deep! Fuck it again!

Along with these sexual feelings came others. A tremendous gratitude welled
up in me for the gift of his body that Jeff had given me along with this
desire to protect him in some way - keep him safe so that I could love him
more. It was a strange sensation. How could I possibly 'protect' this very
aggressive warrior who lay beneath me. Though deep inside me there was the
feeling that I had somehow 'conquered' him, I knew that, in truth, he had
given himself willingly for our mutual pleasure.

Mixed with all of this was an overwhelming feeling of pride! I had fucked
my mate and fucked him well - getting him off as well as myself. Giving
pleasure along with receiving it. More, I felt the pride of loving and
being loved by such a man. That this warrior - this Marine God! - had given
himself to me, not just his body, but his heart and his soul as well. I
suddenly felt tear forming in my eyes at the knowledge of how much he loved
me.

I had an overwhelming urge to do something. I was afraid at first but, I
figured what the fuck, it was raunchy enough that I bet Jeff would love it.
I slowly slid my cock from his ass and began sliding back down his back. I
moved to where my face was once again at his asshole. It looked red and
puffy from my fucking him and it was covered with a white slime which I
knew was my cum and perhaps some of his assjuices. I took a deep whiff of
his ass and I could smell male butt - sweat, assjuice and the additional
heavy scent of fresh cum! Mmm! What a fucking mixture! I pushed my face
into his ass and began licking at my cum which covered his hole.

"Ahh! Fuck! Yeah! Felch me!" Jeff cried out!

Felch? I raised my face from his butt a moment.

"What's felch?" I asked.

He turned his head to grin at me.

"Just what you're doing!" he said.

"I'm eating your butt." I said.

"Well, yeah. But when you do it after an ass has been fucked, especially
when there's cum in it, it's called felching - and don't ask! I don't have
any fucking idea why it's called that. Just keep doing it! It feels so
good!" he grinned.

"Okay!" I grinned back and then put my face back in his butt again.

I locked my mouth around his ass lips and started sucking. He groaned and I
suddenly felt his butthole relax and belch a hole wad of my ass-flavored
cum into my sucking mouth! Fuck! That tasted so good! I pushed my tongue in
his loose hole, eliciting more groans from him, trying to dig out as much
of my cum as I could find. I lay there sucking and licking his butt for a
while.  My cock was still hard. In fact, it had never gone down. Finally,
his red, open hole gave us as much of my cum as it seemed it was going to.

I decided I hadn't had enough of his butt yet so I moved back up and my
cock slid back into his ass. He groaned as I slowly pushed my cock deep
into his bowels.

"Going for seconds?" he groaned.

"I can't help it! I love your ass!" I groaned.

"Go right ahead! Seems my ass can't get enough of your cock either!" he
said, clenching his ass muscles tight around my cock.

"Ahh, fuck! Don't do that or I'll lose it right now!" I said.

"Okay, just lay on me and rest a while." he said.

I lay across his back, my cock buried to the hilt in his hole. God! He felt
so good under me! And to think, I thought I would only be fucked by this
Marine God! I never thought he'd let me put my cock in him! But it wasn't a
"macho" thing! Laying there, face down, with my cock in his ass, Jeff was
still the hottest, butchest sight I'd ever seen!

"So you like my hole, huh?" he asked.

"Fuck no! I LOVE IT!" I exclaimed and he chuckled softly.

"Mike, as good as you fuck and eat ass, you can have mine anytime you want
it!" Jeff said.

"Be careful what you say, Marine! I might just take you up on that!" I
said.

"You do that!" he chuckled.

Unfortunately, the ripples of his laughter were vibrating my cock and
suddenly the natural urge to piss after you cum started.

"Oh, shit!" I groaned.

"What's the matter?" Jeff asked.

"I gotta piss!" I said.

"Oh, is that all. Well, just piss then." he said.

"But I don't want to pull out! It feels so good!" I complained.

"Who said anything about pulling out?" he chuckled again.

"But I can't piss unless I do!" I said, thinking this was obvious!

"Why not?" he asked.

I looked down at my Marine lover. Was he crazy?!

"I can't piss because my cock is up your ass!" I explained as if to a 5
year old, slowly and distinctly.

"What's that got to do with anything?" he asked. "Just go ahead and piss."

"Up your ass?!" I exclaimed.

"Shit, yeah! Up my fucking ass! Ain't you ever heard of a piss enema?" he
asked.

"No!" I said.

What a raunchy fucking idea! My cock got harder at the thought!

"No, I guess you haven't. I love if a guy can do it! Some guys can actually
piss through a hardon.  I can, and so could each of my brothers." he said.

"I can, too! At least, I usually can." I said.

"Fuck! Then go ahead!" he said. "Lemme tell you something - the hottest
fuck you'll ever have in your life is fuckin' a guy's butt filled with your
hot piss!"

"Really?! You've done it?" I asked.

"Yeah! Lots of times!" he said.

"Will you do that to me?" I begged.

"Well, not right now! You're the one with your cock up my butt!" he
laughed, which made more tremors which made my bladder start screaming for
release.

"Okay! I gotta go right now!" I said.

"Just let go!" he said.

And I did. It took a second for me to relax the muscles but then my piss
shot out into his guts. It was weird, though! I could feel the piss flowing
through my cock but I couldn't feel that little tingle at the piss slit of
my cock of it flowing out. All I could feel was his hot ass and my equally
hot piss surrounding my cock! But it was an incredible feeling!

"Ahh, fuck yeah!" Jeff moaned. "Fuckin' piss in my ass! Fill me up with
your hot piss!"

I just lay there, on his back, my hard cock buried in his hole and let all
my piss flow into him! It was the most comfortable piss I'd ever taken in
my life - and the raunchiest thing I'd ever done as well! What a fucking
blast!

I didn't have to piss a lot, but what there was, was now in Jeff's butt. I
could feel it surrounding my cock with it's wet heat. The feeling was
really intense. My cock had softened slightly as I pissed but once I was
done, it hardened right back up!

"You done?" he asked.

"Yeah." I answered.

"Now, go ahead and fuck me!" he said.

"Oh, shit!" I said.

"What's the matter now?" he asked, annoyance starting to creep into his
voice.

"If I fuck you, my piss is gonna start coming out and we'll fuck up the
bed!" I said.

"Fuck the goddamned bed!" he growled. "We'll worry about it later!"

"Okay, but you sleep in the wet spot!" I giggled.

"Fine! I'll sleep in the fucking wet spot! Now FUCK ME!" Jeff barked out.

Uh,oh! There was that 'Marine Command' voice again! I knew I'd better start
fucking - right fucking now! So I did! And I wasn't gentle about it,
either! Frankly, it felt too fucking good!  Plowing his dirt road with his
butt filled with my piss was the most amazing thing I'd ever felt in my
life! It was so hot, so wet, so slick that it was like my cock was just
gliding like greased lightening though the tissues of his hot, wet ass! I
could hear the squelching of the piss as I pulled out and in and could feel
my pubic hair getting soaked in it! It was the raunchiest, nastiest,
sexiest feeling I'd ever had!

"Yeah! That's it! Fuck my ass! Pound my fuckin' piss hole! Fuck! Your
fuckin' cock and your piss feel so good!" Jeff groaned.

"Fuck! You're hole is so hot and wet! Fuck!" I growled as I fucked him
harder and harder.

I knew I couldn't keep this up for long! My cock was feeling too fucking
good! I only hoped that I could make him cum again. I didn't know if I
could, but I was gonna try. I rose up, so that my cock was stabbing into
his butt at a different angle. I could feel the hard mound of his prostate
as I slammed my cock into his hole. In fact, I could feel the head of my
dick hitting it almost directly on! I knew I'd hit it when, each time I
did, I heard a loud grunt from Jeff beneath me.

"Oh, FUCK! YEAH! FUCK ME! I'M GONNA CUM!!!" Jeff yelled out.

I was thrilled because I was right on the edge myself! I could feel his
butt-chute clenching and unclenching as he unloaded onto the wet bed
beneath him. The massaging of my cock by his hole pushed me over the edge!

"FUCK! YEAH! FUCKIN' YOUR BUTT!" I screamed out as I dumped load after load
of my cum into his piss filled ass.

I finally couldn't shoot any more and collapsed back onto Jeff's sweaty,
muscular back, wrapping my arms around his shoulders and cuddling to the
back of his neck. His hand reached out and stroked my forearm, making a
sound in his throat that sounded very much like the deep purr of a large
cat.

"Mmmn...you're really fuckin' good at that! You sure this is your first
time?" he chuckled.

"No. It's my second time." I laughed. "I fucked you about half an hour
ago."

"Oh, yeah! That's right! I remember that!" he laughed.

"So now what?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well...your butt is full of my piss and cum. I pull my cock out and it's
all gonna come pouring out." I said.

"Nope! I've got better muscle control than that!" Jeff said. "Tell ya
what. You pull out, slowly.  And then go get in the tub. Then I come in and
let you have it all - all over you." he said.

"Oh, fuck! That sounds so nasty!" I grinned as my cock throbbed in his ass
at the thought!

"Yeah, it does, doesn't it!" he laughed. "I'm sure you'll love it!"

I pulled my still fairly stiff cock out of his ass slowly. I could feel his
chute tightening as I withdrew and, when I was finally free of his hole,
only a few drops of piss leaked out. I was amazed but didn't have time to
marvel at his muscle control. I quickly went into the bathroom and lay in
the tub. Jeff came in and stood over me, facing away from me, his feet
beside my thighs. He squatted down and suddenly the load of my piss and cum
began to pour from his butthole! I was covered with the warmth of the piss
and cum all over my chest, abs and groin. I loved the feelings! As the flow
began to end, I leaned up and pressed my mouth to his butt, allowing the
last of my piss and cum to flow into my mouth.

I didn't swallow. I held it and when Jeff stood and turned around, I stood
as well, and pressed my mouth to his - allowing him to share in the raunchy
'cocktail'. Jeff held me gently in his arms as he licked out the inside of
my mouth, moaning as he tasted the mixture.

"Mmm! I love you so much. I can't believe this is happening." he murmured.

"You can't! I'm completely blown away. That you want me is completely
unbelievable to me!  But I love it! Just as I love you." I answered.

"So how about we take a shower and you sleep in my arms?" he asked.

"I couldn't think of anything better!" I said.

"Me either." he said.

"Hey! You don't snore, do you?" he asked, grinning.

"How would I know? Did I snore on the bus?" I asked.

"No, you just moaned and shot your load in your pants!" he laughed.

"Well, after all the sex we've had, I don't think I'm gonna do that
tonight." I said.

"If you do, I'm going to take you in my mouth this time!" he grinned.

"Go right ahead!" I laughed.

We turned on the shower and he grabbed the soap, using it to soap me up -
while running his hands over every part of my body. Then I did the same for
him. I loved being able to slide my hands over the contours of his
muscles. It was a long shower, as we lovingly touched each other and kissed
between touching.

When we were finally done, we used towels to dry each other and then he
shyly took my hand and led me back to the room and to the bed. He climbed
in, and gently pulled me in with him, wrapping his arms around me. I lay my
head on his arm and he leaned down and gently kissed me.

"Good night, lover. Sweet dreams." he murmured.

"They will be because they'll be of you." I murmured to him.

The End of Chapter Four of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 27)

Date: Fri, 13 Feb 2004 17:22:40 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 2

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Two - The Trip to Dad

Josh and I woke up late the next morning. After having sex until almost
dawn, it was amazing that we both woke up with hardons and rapidly arranged
ourselves into a sixty-nine to drink down another load of each other's
cum. Of course, like all males in the morning, we both had to piss really
bad - especially after all the beer the night before so we ended up back in
the bathtub pissing on each other and drinking down some of each other's
morning piss.

We then decided that we had better shower because we both smelled of sweat,
cum, beer and piss. While it was a heady and erotic mixture to us, we both
realized that it would be a little overpowering for anybody else.

It was so luxurious and erotic to shower together. I loved running my
soapy, slick hands all over Josh's hard, muscular body. I washed him from
his head down to his feet and then he did the same for me. I was in for one
shock, however. While I figured that the most erotic part would come when
he washed my cock or my ass, far and away the most sensual part of the
shower was when we shampooed each other's hair! I loved working my fingers
through Josh's long, think hair and when he returned the favor, I thought I
would just melt into a puddle on the floor of the tub it was so incredibly
sensual! I begged him, in fact, to shampoo me two more times before we
finally got out of the shower. I guess he enjoyed it, too, because he
certainly didn't object to doing it!

We checked out of the room, got back in Josh's pick-up truck and headed
back down I-35 to Des Moines. We only had a couple of hours drive ahead of
us but I wasn't in the mood to talk. I was already feeling down about never
seeing Josh again. I knew it was stupid, after all, we'd only met the day
before, but there is something so incredibly special about the first man
you ever have sex with! And in Josh's case, it was beyond special! I didn't
figure I'd ever meet another guy who I liked as much and was so in-tune
with sexually. Josh must have known what I was feeling because he finally
broke the silence after a short while.

"Mike, are you ok?" Josh asked.

"Yeah." I answered. I didn't even sound ok to myself!

"Are you sure? Having second thoughts or guilt about last night and this
morning?" he asked quietly.

"God! NO!" I almost shouted. "Last night and this morning were about the
best times I've ever had in my whole life!"

"Oh, that's the problem. You don't want it to end and it has to." Josh
said, knowingly.

"Yeah. I guess." I said, still not quite ready to put voice to my feelings.

"Look, Mike. We had a great time. You really are a very special person and
believe me, if you were going to be around Des Moines, this wouldn't be
just a one time thing between us. But you're heading off to find your Dad
in California and I've got this new job I'm starting.  Sometimes things
work out so that you only have one night with somebody. But, I believe that
one night is better than no night at all." he said, looking at me with a
sad smile on his face.

"I know. And I agree. I'm so lucky just to have one night with you. And
maybe it is for the best because I think if I spent any time around you, I
could really fall in love with you." I finally admitted quietly, afraid to
look at him.

At first, Josh didn't say anything. And then he reached over and took my
hand in his.

"And whether you know it or not, I could really fall for you, Mike. You're
a really great guy and I'm just as sorry as you are that we're not going to
see each other again."

And pulling my hand to his mouth, he gently kissed it.

I don't know how I kept from losing it right there. I could feel the tears
starting to well up in my eyes but I was determined not to embarrass
myself. I didn't look over at Josh but out the window instead. But Josh
continued to hold my hand and I held on as tight as I could.

"Thank you, Josh. I can't think of a more wonderful guy to give my
virginity to. I'm truly feel very lucky that you were my first." I said,
finally looking at him.

"And I feel truly honored to have been the one, Mike. You may not believe
this, but that was one of the most exciting nights of sex I've ever had in
my life! I have the feeling that you're going to leave a long trail of
broken male hearts behind you!" he laughed.

I laughed as well. We rode on, talking as friends and finally reached Des
Moines. We didn't want to just let things end so I went with Josh to his
new apartment and helped him move stuff from the truck. Then he took me out
to lunch and finally, we went to the Greyhound station and I bought my
ticket for San Diego. The bus was due to leave in a hour and we sat in
Josh's truck waiting for the boarding call. Josh gave me his address so
that I could write him and I promised I would write and give him my address
when I found my Dad.

When it was almost time for them to call for boarding of the bus, Josh
reached into his pocket and pulled out a chain with a medal on it.

"This medal is of St. Christopher. He's supposed to be the patron saint of
travelers. I want you to wear it to protect you and to remind you of me."
he said, putting the chain over my head and kissing me gently on the cheek.

"Oh, Josh! This is so nice of you! But I don't have anything to give you!"
I said.

"I have wonderful memories from spending time with you, Mike. That's enough
for me." he said.

Josh leaned forward and we kissed one last time, just as the loudspeaker
was announcing the boarding of my bus. Josh broke the kiss and I got out of
the truck, lugging my backpack.

"I promise I'll write." I told him.

"I'll expect it!" he said, smiling, but with tears running down his face as
they were mine.

I walked to the bus and boarded with only one glance back at Josh. It was
tearing my heart out to leave, but I knew that at the end of this bus ride
was my Dad. It was the only thing that got me on that bus! The bus pulled
out and my last sight of Josh was of him standing beside his pick-up truck
and waving at me.

The bus hit the interstate and headed west toward Omaha, Nebraska. I took a
seat by a window in the front of the bus. It wasn't really crowded and
everybody on the bus was able to have a single seat, at least until we got
to Omaha.

Omaha was a one hour lay-over and I went into the station and went to a
news stand and bought a mystery novel to read on the way. I also bought
some snacks because I wasn't sure when the bus would stop for a dinner stop
and I bought a soft drink. It seems that after all that beer last night, I
had been thirsty all day.

I got back to the bus and decided that I would sit further towards the
back. I took a seat almost at the rear of the bus and buried my nose in my
book. Passengers started boarding but again, it wasn't crowded. There were
a few more people than there had been but not many. I returned to my book
and heard the engines of the bus start. 'On to Denver' I thought to myself.

"Is this seat taken?"

I was surprised by the deep male voice and looked up into the most
incredibly beautiful deep blue eye's I'd ever seen in my life. And when I
say 'looked up', I do mean 'up'! The guy had to be at least 6' 4"
tall. What little hair he had was dark, almost black but was almost shaved
off in what the Marine's call a 'high and tight'. His face was almost
beautiful, it was so handsome - almost too handsome - with high cheekbones
and a square jaw. His smile was broad and open and I could see dimples on
both sides of his cheeks from it. His body was pure perfection. It was very
easy to tell that because the olive green t-shirt he was wearing was so
tight it looked like it had been spray painted on him. His shoulders were
broad and heavily muscled as were his arms and chest. I could see the
ridges of a tight six-pack poking through the thin cotton material of the
t- shirt and the matching olive green fatigue pants were tight across thick
thighs. A provocatively large bulge gave me the impression of what had to
be a prodigiously large set of male equipment.

I knew immediately he was military, not only because of the olive green he
wore but because of the dog-tags that lay between the mounds of his
pectoral muscles. Peaking out from under the sleeve of the T-shirt on one
side was a tattoo which I instantly recognized as the symbol of the United
States Marine Corps! Oh, my god! A marine!!! He looked young. I guessed
that he was 20 or 21. I was right, I later found out. He was 21.

I barely found my voice after the two seconds that elapsed which allowed me
to make these observations.

"No! Nobody." I barely got out.

"Good!" he laughed and shoving a olive canvas bag into the rack above our
heads to join my backpack, he sat down in the seat next to me.

"I'm Jeff. Jeff Berringer." he said, reaching out his paw to shake my hand.

And yes, I said 'paw'. I don't know what else to call something that big!
Now, I'm not small by any means, but his hand covered mine like I was a
toddler! His grip was firm but not overpowering. He certainly had nothing
to prove in the masculinity department!

"Mike. Mike Harrison." I said, looking into his smiling face and getting
lost in those beautiful blue eyes.

I noticed that we still had our hands gripped together, longer than is
normal. He didn't seem to want to let go and neither did I! But finally, I
think we both noticed and with a shy smile, he let go of my hand.

"You're a Marine." I said.

He laughed.

"And what was your first clue?!" Jeff's face lit with his 'killer' smile
again.

"Well, probably the haircut but the tattoo gave it away." I grinned back.

"Yeah, had that done in Subic, my first deployment. Did a good job, don't
you think?" he said, reaching up and pushing the arm of his t-shirt up
further with his hand so that the entire emblem appeared.

The tattoo was really well done, but what I was looking at was the massive
development of his biceps and deltoids! God! What incredible arms this guy
had! 'The better to hold me with' the unbidden 'wolf' in my brain screamed
out. Without thinking what I was doing, I reached up and slid my fingers
over the tattoo, feeling the warmth of his skin. Skin so smooth and soft it
could almost be considered feminine but with the steel cording of tight
muscles beneath that caused a definite stirring in my crotch!

'God, what a slut I'm becoming!' I thought to myself. 'Here you just lose
your virginity to Josh the night before and I'm already lusting after
another guy this afternoon!'. I guess I could have been disgusted with
myself over my raging teenage hormones, but I was too lost in the feel of
this incredible hunk of a Marine to really bother with any regrets.

Finally coming to and noticing what I was doing - which was gently stroking
this guy's arm, a guy I'd only met minutes before, and took my hand away.

"Sorry" I said quietly.

"Hey! No problem! For some reason everybody wants to touch tattoos. I guess
they think that there will be some kind of texture to them. But everything
is under the skin and you don't feel anything on top." he said. "I'm used
to it."

"Where are you headed?" I asked, praying that he was headed to San Diego
like me.

"San Diego. Camp Pendelton actually." he answered.

Yes! There is a God!!!

"That's where I'm heading, too." I told him. "I'm going there to see my
Dad. He a Master Sergeant in the Corps. Maybe you know him. Master Sergeant
Mike Harrison?"

"I'm sorry!" Jeff said, laughing. "There are over 60,000 military and
civilian personnel working on base at Camp Pendelton every day! I'm just a
lowly Lance Corporal. There's no way I could know all of them! No, I
haven't run into your Dad."

"Oh, I had no idea that there were that many people on base! I just kind of
hoped that you might know him so I could find out something about him." I
said.

"You don't know your Dad?!" Jeff asked, the surprise evident in his voice.

"No. You see, he and my mom never got married. My grandfather wouldn't let
them. They were only 17 at the time I was born. My grandfather even tried
to have my Dad put in jail! But the judge gave him the choice of that or
the military so Dad joined the Marines." I told him.

"So I take it that your Dad doesn't know you're coming to visit him." Jeff
asked.

"No. I never knew where he was until yesterday! I found this locked box in
my grandfather's study. It was filled with letters from my Dad from the
time I was born until 2 weeks ago! None of them had ever been opened! My
grandfather had intercepted them all so that I never knew that my Dad loved
me and wanted to know about me." I said, my voice starting to break.

Tears started filling my eyes at the hurt and anger I felt against my
grandfather. I didn't want to start crying in front of this incredibly
masculine Marine, but I couldn't help myself. The tears started running
down my face and I could no longer see - everything was just a blur. But I
could feel. And what I felt were the warmest, strongest set of masculine
arms gently going around me and pulling me into a gentle embrace. I lay my
head against Jeff's muscular chest and gave up fighting against my tears. I
sobbed quietly in his arms for what seemed like a long time. Jeff just
continued to hold me and gently stroked my head with his large hand.

"It's ok, Mike. You go ahead and cry it all out. I don't blame you one
bit. That was a cruel and heartless thing your grandfather did! I've never
even heard of anything so rotten to do to another person!" Jeff said, anger
obvious in his quiet voice.

My emotions were in turmoil. I was filled with anger at my grandfather and
mother for their treatment of me and my Dad, but I was also so incredibly
aware of the warm, muscular body that I was being held close to. The scent
of Jeff's body was very obvious to me and was beginning to turn me on. I
was afraid that he would notice and figure out that I was gay, but at the
same time, I didn't want this intimate contact with him to end. But I
figured I better before my own body betrayed me. After all, my jeans were
not baggy and when I got a hardon, it was very noticeable.

My tears stopped and I looked up at Jeff. He looked down at me with those
beautiful blue eyes filled with sadness and concern. There was something
else there, too. I looked to me like desire, but I told myself that it was
just wishful thinking on my part. There was no way that Jeff could want me
- not the way I wanted him!

I sat up straight and Jeff let go of me. He seemed reluctant to take his
arms from around me but finally he did. He seemed somewhat embarrassed by
his actions now. I became convinced that he must be straight and was
shocked at his holding another male so close. We sat there in silence for a
long while.

"So from what you've told me, they don't know at home that you've gone to
see your Dad." Jeff said quietly, finally breaking the silence.

"No. I just packed up all of Dad's letters and some clothes and left. I
don't care if I ever go back.  They've never wanted me. My grandfather
dislikes me almost as much as he hates my Dad. He's always bringing up that
I'm not really a part of the 'family', that I will never inherit any of his
wealth - like I want it!" I snorted derisively.

"How about your mother?" Jeff asked.

"My mother is still the spoiled only child that she's always been. She's
never had any real time for me. I was mostly raised by my grandfather's
housekeeper. Mother is too busy with shopping with her friends and all her
'charity work'. She loves to throw huge affairs to raise money for the
Junior League so she can hang out with all the rich, snobby women. I just
get in her way - as she's made abundantly clear to me on many
occasions. She's also let me know that she's been unable to find a husband
because of me! 'Who wants a woman who already has a child?' she's told me
on several occasions. I think she can't get a man because she's too spoiled
and bitchy for anyone to want!" I said, my voice rising in anger.

"Fuck!" Jeff said softly. " I'd run away from that house, too!"

I looked over at him and he was smiling at me. I somehow knew that his
words were very heartfelt. But it wasn't like he felt sorry for me or
anything. It was like he really understood all the pain and heartache I'd
been through.

"So what was your family like?" I asked.

"A lot different than yours!" he laughed. "My family doesn't really have
any money. I grew up on our ranch. My Dad breeds cattle and me and my
brothers grew up practically living on horseback.  I've got four older
brothers! My mom used to joke that if Dad had his way there would have been
nine of us - then he would have had his own baseball team! But she says she
put her foot down at just a basketball team!"

I laughed. It was obvious that Jeff really loved his family.

"So, are there any more Marine's in your family?" I asked.

"Just Dad. He was in the Marine's during Viet Nam. Won a purple heart and
the Bronze Star!"  Jeff's pride was very evident. "My brothers are all
older than me and all but one are married. My next oldest brother is
engaged to be married next year. Then that just leaves me! I didn't want to
end up living my whole life on a ranch. I wanted to see more of the world
than Nebraska so I joined the Marines when I was 17 and fresh out of High
School."

"So, do you think you'll end up getting married soon?" I asked, guessing
this hunk had to already have a girlfriend somewhere.

"Not if I can avoid it! I don't want to get married! I don't want to
'settle down' and raise a family! I'm going to make the Corps my life." he
said, but with a lot of emotion behind it. I'd obviously touched a nerve in
him.

"How does your family feel about that?" I asked, figuring there was
something behind his emotional response.

"They're not too happy. I was just home for a month and my Mom was on my
case the whole time asking 'when was I going to get married?', 'when was I
going to settle down and give her grandkids' - all that crap! I told her
that my brothers would all give her grandchildren and she didn't need any
from me!" his voice was strong and angry now. He was reliving in his mind
this confrontation with his mother. "Then she started trying to fix me up
with every single girl in the damned county! I told her that I came home to
be with her and Dad and my brothers and to see my friends from growing
up. That if I wanted a girl, I could damned well find my own!"

His breathing was heavy, his nostrils flared and his face was pinker than
it had been. This was really angering him. It must have been a very
uncomfortable visit for him. I felt very sorry for him but, at the same
time, I started to get the idea that perhaps my estimation of his sexual
orientation was not accurate after all. Something about the way he said 'if
I wanted a girl', with the emphasis on the word 'girl', made it sound more
like he didn't want one - rather than a certainty that he could get anyone
that he wanted.

 Now, I thought that Jeff was beautiful enough to have almost any girl - or
guy - that he wanted.  And I'm sure he had plenty members of both sexes
throw themselves at him at one time or another. I decided that perhaps I
should re-evaluate what was going on here.

"I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to upset you." I said quietly.

He suddenly snapped around and looked at me. It was like it took a few
moments to remember where he was. I guess he was mentally still back having
that fight with his mom.

"God! Mike. I'm sorry!" he said sheepishly, his eyes growing much softer
and his tense muscles relaxing. "You didn't need to hear all that!"

"Yes, I did. You needed to get it out. You listened to me, it's only right
that I return the favor.  And besides, I'm actually honored that you'd talk
to me like a friend and not just a kid." I said.

His eyes raked up and down my body and I felt like I was being mentally
undressed by them! He finally looked back up - right into my eyes.

"You're certainly no kid! I figure you're what? 17, 18? " he asked.

"I'm 18." I answered.

I saw again what I had surmised to be desire in his deep blue eyes. This
time, I was almost sure of it! I was young and inexperienced, but I knew
the look of a male hunter who had found his prey! I know I blushed under
his provocative gaze because I could feel the heat rising in my face.

"I mean, you certainly don't act like a kid. You seem to have some insights
that are beyond your age." Jeff said, softening his eyes and his voice.

I got the feeling that he had relaxed his guard with me for a moment and
was now getting himself back under control again. I must admit, I was very
disappointed. I knew that I wanted him and I had hoped that he was leading
up to that. But I guess my age somewhat discouraged him and he pulled back.

"Thank you. I guess you grow up not feeling like you're wanted - that
nobody cares about you - you grow up too fast." I said, my heart heavy with
the realization that my words were true.

I suddenly felt Jeff's arms around me again, hugging me. It was such a
strong hug it almost hurt.  I'm sure he was holding back a tremendous
amount on his strength. I figured he could crush me in half if he wanted
to! But I was so surprised at this sudden affection. Not too surprised to
put my arms around his beautiful, muscular body and squeeze back! But
surprised, nonetheless.

When we broke apart, there was an almost embarrassed silence between
us. Like we had crossed a line somewhere that neither one of us wanted to
cross. Well, one of us didn't want to cross, anyway. I was more than
willing to give myself to this handsome young Marine. He seemed less sure
of what exactly he wanted from me.

The hours continued to pass as the bus wove it's way on into Colorado,
heading towards the next big city on our route - Denver. I got Jeff to talk
about his growing up years. He talked about the ranch. He talked about his
four brothers and all of the good times they'd had together. And he talked
a lot about his Dad. It was obvious that Jeff really loved his father and
that there was a very closer bond between them. From what Jeff told me, his
Dad was the only one who seemed to truly understand Jeff's desire to make
the Marine Corps his career rather than settling down on his own ranch and
raising a bunch of kids.

Finally, we arrived in Denver. It was a dinner stop so we would be there
for two hours. Jeff and I wandered around and found a diner near the bus
depot and had something to eat. Our conversation never stopped. It seemed
like we needed to tell each other everything about ourselves. That somehow
this was very necessary. But I wasn't exactly sure why. I know that the
more I learned about this gentle giant of a Marine, the more I liked him -
the more I admired him.  He was more than a masturbation fantasy - though
he was all that! - he was a man who embodied the three "Core Values" of the
Marine Corps - Honor, Courage and Commitment. A man I knew that, given half
the chance, I could love until the day that I died - and beyond.

I told him about my life, the loneliness, the feelings of being unwanted,
the pain. I told him of my isolation from other boys, but couldn't bring
myself to tell him why. Though I knew down deep in my heart that, even if
he wasn't gay, Jeff would never condemn me for being that way, I just
couldn't get up the courage to tell him. Except for Josh, no one knew that
about me. In fact, no one even guessed at it. Except maybe Jeff. He didn't
seem to want to pry into the 'why's' of my life. I guess we both were
hiding those from each other. I only wished that it was for the same
reason.

When we re-boarded the bus, the sun had set and the night sky was filled
with stars. The bus was dark inside, with only a few people using the
reading lights and they were towards the front of the bus. Our seats were
located in the darkness of the back of the bus with no one seated anywhere
around us. I suppose we each could have had our own double seat, but
neither one of us so much as thought of it. In fact, Jeff, upon our return,
made our seating even more intimate by raising the armrest between the two
seats so that now there was no physical barrier between us. Our bodies
pressed against each other from hips to knees. I could feel the warmth of
him and he was close enough that the scent of him was very apparent as
well. Not a bad odor or anything.  The scent of a man's body along with
some faint trace of some kind of cologne or deodorant.

We talked for a couple of hours more and then I found myself unable to stay
awake. I hadn't gotten much sleep with Josh. 'Had that only been last
night?' I thought to myself. 'It seems like it was days ago!'. I soon found
my eyelids heavy and before I knew it, I was out like a light.

What I didn't realize until later was that when I fell asleep, Jeff pulled
me over so that I was resting with my head on his shoulder and his arm
around me. When I awoke several hours later, during one of the bus's stops,
that's how I found myself. I apologized to Jeff and started to push myself
away from him. He kept his arm firmly around me and held me to his chest,
using his other hand to stroke my head.

"It's ok, Mike. You just lay there and sleep. You're not bothering me at
all. In fact, it feels really nice to hold you like this." he said quietly.

I must have been really tired and only half awake or that last remark would
have had me hard and all but attacking this gorgeous Marine hunk if I had
clearly understood what he said, and what it clearly meant. But, instead, I
simply put my head back on his shoulder and went back to sleep. I will
admit, it was the most comfortable sleep I could ever remember. I felt so
safe, so secure and so loved in his strong arms.

The scent of his body was like a perfume that gave my dreams color. I
dreamed about Jeff and I, naked, running across a field and jumping into a
pond and playing in the water together. I dreamed about him kissing me and,
in the dream, he picked me up in his strong arms and carried me to the
shore. He lay me down on soft grass and then proceeded to make love to me.

The dream seemed so real and then I found myself waking up and realized
that I was still in Jeff's arms but that I had a mess in my jeans - I had a
wet dream and had shot what felt like a quart of cum all over
myself. Luckily, Jeff was asleep and didn't see or hear my sexual release.
His head was tilted so that it rested on mine. I could hear his strong,
regular breathing and the beating of his heart. I knew in that moment that
I would give anything if only I could wake up like this every morning - in
his strong arms. But I knew that I was just being stupid. Nothing like that
was going to happen. Hell! Stuck on this bus, we were never going to have
sex together!

The next time I woke up, it was full morning. The sun was shining brightly
and we seemed to be traveling through dessert. Jeff was still holding me in
his arms, but he was awake. I looked up at him and smiled and he smiled
back.

"So, you're finally awake, sleepyhead!" he said.

"Yes." I said shyly. "I hadn't gotten a whole lot of sleep in the past two
days. I didn't mean to conk out that way. I hope I wasn't too much of a
burden on you."

"Never! You needed the sleep. Remember, I grew up with four brothers. We
often ended up in each other's beds. No big deal!" he said.

That, unfortunately brought pictures to my mind about why Jeff and his
brothers might be in each other's beds - and it wasn't to sleep! My already
hard morning 'wood' throbbed at the vision of five 'Jeff's' having sex
together. Luckily, the usual morning call of nature came at the same time
and I pulled out of Jeff's arms and headed toward the bathroom at the very
back of the bus and by the time I returned, I was no longer sporting a
hardon. I also had the chance to clean up my crotch from the wet-dream I'd
had last night as well.

"We'll be pulling into Las Vegas soon." Jeff informed me when I returned to
our seats. "I've been thinking of stopping there for a day and catching
another bus out tomorrow. I've never seen Vegas and all the guys in my
company say it's a really fun place."

Oh, fuck! Well, there goes any chance I ever had of really 'sleeping' with
this Marine hunk!

"What do you say? Feel up to a little side-trip?" Jeff asked.

Whoa! Hold on here! He's asking me to go with him?! Oh Jesus! Yes!!!
Uhhh...no.

"I can't Jeff. I don't have that much money with me and this ticket already
cost me half of it. I wouldn't have enough to stay in one of those fancy
hotels." I said downheartedly.

"Fuck! I can't afford one of those either. But I got plenty of money on me
- didn't spend much of it on leave. We'll find someplace cheap. After all,
what more do we need than a bed and a shower, huh? And you don't worry
about anything. This is all on me!" he said, his smile bright and his eyes
sparkling.

"But why, Jeff? Surely you don't want me tagging along with you. I'll just
slow you down. I'll cramp your style. What if you get lucky?" I asked.

"Mike, I figure I already got lucky when I met you! I don't want to do this
alone. I want you along with me so I can really enjoy it! WE can really
enjoy it - together. Ok?" he asked.

The way he looked at me and the things he said, I knew right there and then
that this 'little side trip' was not going to end before Jeff and I shared
a whole lot more than just conversation! And I was more than willing for
anything he had in mind.

"Well, if you put it that way...how could I say no?" I asked, smiling back
at him.

"Great! We'll have the best time!" Jeff said, his grin almost splitting his
face apart it was so wide.

"Yes, it will be the best because I'll be with you." I said quietly,
looking him right square in the eyes.

I don't think there was any bit of doubt to my meaning or the look I was
giving him. I was determined to set the record straight before we ever set
one foot off this bus. I knew I wanted him and I was letting him know it. I
was waiting for him to let me know if he really wanted me.

I didn't have to wait long. Jeff took one look at my face and he heard my
words. The look on his face was priceless! It was like 'Damn! This boy sure
knows what he wants and knows how to get it!'. He gave me a horny little
grin and then did something I never would have expected. He leaned forward
and very gently, very chastely, kissed me right on the lips.

He drew back to see my reaction, a look of question in his eyes. I
responded the only way I could.  I leaned forward, reached my hand up to
his neck and pulled his face towards mine. I pushed my lips hard against
his and my tongue pushed at his lips for entry. I heard a small moan escape
his throat - as if of surrender - and his mouth opened to my probing
tongue. Our tongues did battle for a few minutes and then we broke apart -
grinning at each other like complete idiots!

No words were necessary or exchanged. We just sat there for a while,
grinning at each other and holding hands. Somehow Jeff's hand had reached
out and grabbed mine in his. I don't exactly remember when it happened, but
I wasn't about to break the warm, trusting connection between us.

We sat for a long time in silence, just holding hands and taking shy
glances at each other. Now that our intentions were clear, it seemed like
we both suddenly had become very timid with each other. I guess we both had
our concerns about what was going to happen and what this was going to
mean. I don't know how I knew it, but I had this feeling that Jeff was not
the kind of guy to just 'fuck 'em and forget 'em'. That going to bed with
somebody meant more to him than just 'getting his rocks off'.

We finally did start talking about Las Vegas, what we wanted to see, what
we wanted to do. Of course I was too young to be allowed in the casinos but
Jeff told me he wasn't much of a gambler anyway. We figured that as long as
I didn't try to drink, they'd let me in some of the cabarets and we could
see some of the lounge acts. But most of all, we talked about seeing some
of the incredible hotels that were on the strip - on reputed to have an
actual sea battle in which a ship actually sank - right in the lobby of the
hotel!

The End of Chapter Two of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 28)

Date: Fri, 13 Feb 2004 19:48:03 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 3

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2004

Chapter Three - Las Vegas Day

The bus pulled into Vegas in the early afternoon and we checked with the
ticket counter. There was no problem with us staying over in Vegas. Our
tickets only had to be used within 14 days.  From there we set out to find
a small hotel off the strip that Jeff could afford. We found a little place
and it was just what Jeff had described - a large bed, a dresser, a TV set
and a bath and shower. But what more did we need?

We went to the room and I put my backpack down on the dresser and then
stripped off my t-shirt over my head. Jeff put his olive canvas bag down
and stripped off his t-shirt as well. Then we stood there just looking at
each other. Being so new to this, I really didn't know how to start. But I
needn't have worried. Jeff wasn't hesitant, he told me later, he just
wanted time to really drink in - in his words - "the beauty of you!". I'm
so glad he didn't say that at the time! I think I would have melted into a
puddle!

Jeff moved towards me and took me into his strong, muscular arms. He
brought his face down to mine and kissed me passionately. It's a good thing
that he's as strong as he is because the power of that kiss caused me to
almost completely collapse in his arms! I was lost in the feelings that
were sweeping over me. Never did I think that this would really happen -
that I would have this incredible man in my arms, wanting me.

I pulled back from the kiss and rested my head on his chest. I was short
enough that he rested his chin on my head. We just stood there, holding
each other - neither one of us wanting to break the mood of the moment. I
started taking deep breaths of his scent. It was strongly masculine. I
could smell his sweat, the scent of his body and a faint trace of some kind
of cologne or aftershave which smelled woodsy. It was a heady mixture and I
couldn't get enough of it!

"I know. I need to go take a shower." he said, reluctantly.

"NO!" I almost screamed, pulling my head back and looking up at him.

He had a bemused little smile on his face and questions in his eyes.

"I'm sorry. I...I... have a small confession to make." I said stuttering in
my fear over what I was about to reveal about myself.

"What?" he asked, completely confused now.

"I...I don't really know how to say this but...I kind of get off to the
scent of a guy's body." I said.

He looked at me for a moment like he hadn't heard me right and then he
threw his head back and laughed out loud. I couldn't figure out what the
fuck was so funny. I was starting to get angry, thinking he was laughing at
me!

He looked back down and I guess he saw the anger in my face because he
quickly quieted down.

"I'm not laughing at you, Mike. I swear I'm not! You see, I get off on a
guy's scent, too! I hate having sex with somebody right after they've taken
a shower - takes all the fun out of it! Trust me, I've been getting whiffs
of your scent all night long as I held you while you were asleep. It was
everything I could do to keep from either jacking off over it or fucking
raping you right there on the fucking bus!" he grinned.

I grinned back. Oh, God! Was this going to be wonderful or what! Here was
this beautiful guy who anybody would give up years off their life just to
go to bed with and, not only did he want me, he was into scents just the
way that I was! I wondered how he felt about piss - but decided not to
tempt fate. This was enough.

"For a minute there, I thought you were going to tell me you were a
virgin!" he laughed.

"Well..." I started.

"My god! You are!" he looked at me and I could see fear in his eyes.

"No. I'm not a virgin. But you only missed it by about one day. You're only
the second guy I've ever gone to bed with." I admitted.

"Son of a bitch! Well, what do you know. I never would have guessed from
the way you kiss." he said.

"I bet you won't guess from the way I do several things!" I said in my
cockiest voice, grinning at him the whole time.

"Well, maybe we should just see about that!" he said.

And with that, he scooped me up in his arms and laid me on the bed. It was
like my dream that morning on the bus - only rather than soft grass, my
body now reclined on a large soft bed. Jeff stood there, just looking down
at me. It started to embarrass me - the naked look of lust in his eyes. I
wasn't used to being looked at that way.

"That was like my dream, this morning." I said.

"What dream?" he asked, still looking at my body.

"On the bus. I dreamed that we were naked in a pond playing in the water
and you picked me up in your arms and laid me on the bank and made love to
me." I said.

"Oh, was that the wet dream you had this morning?" he asked innocently.

"You KNEW about that!!!" I all but screamed.

"I could hardly miss it - the way you were moaning and groaning and calling
my name! And then when you came, the scent of cum was almost
overwhelming. You must have had a real mess in your pants!" he laughed.

I picked up one of the pillows from behind my head and threw it at him! He
was so busy laughing, he didn't see it coming and it hit him right in the
face! Now, it was my turn to laugh.  He jumped on the bed and pinned me to
it.

"Now you're going to get it!" he yelled in mock anger and began tickling
me.

I laughed until I almost pissed in my pants and begged for him to
stop. When he finally did, we were both red faced and laughing, wrapped up
in each others arms.

"I thought you were asleep!" I said, referring to the embarrassment of him
witnessing my wet- dream.

"I'm so glad I wasn't. It was such a turn on watching you. Your body moved
so sensuously! But it was when I heard you calling out my name that I knew
that you wanted me as much as I wanted you." he said and leaned down and
kissed me again.

I threw my arms around him and held him as tightly as I could. I think it
was at that moment that I fell in love with Jeff. I didn't know what it was
I was feeling. I'd never fallen in love with somebody before. But I knew
this was something special. I knew that what I was feeling for this big
Marine was something that was different than anything I'd ever felt before
AND that the feeling was going to last a very long time.

"Don't you think it was time I finally get to see you naked?" I asked
quietly, my voice husky with my desire for Jeff.

"Yes, I think it's time I got to see you naked, too!" Jeff replied and then
he added thoughtfully, "I get the feeling that you find me to be somewhat
attractive."

"You are kidding, right? You are so fucking beautiful I can hardly believe
that I'm laying here with you!" I said.

"That's what I was afraid of." he said, his voice getting very serious.

"Why?" I asked.

What the fuck could be wrong? I just told the guy he's beautiful. What the
fuck's wrong with that?

"Mike, you need to realize something. I've been looking at this face in the
mirror for 22 years.  It's nothing special to me. And the only reason I'm
laying in this bed with you is because I feel exactly the same way about
you. You are incredibly beautiful to me. I am just as attracted to you as
you are to me. That's the way it is supposed to be. So don't ever forget
that. I'm here because I want to be here. You're the reason that I'm here -
because I want you! Do you understand that?"  he asked.

I looked into those incredibly blue eyes and knew that, no matter how hard
it was for me to believe, what he was telling me was the truth. He really
wants me! And, God knows! I wanted him!

"I believe that you're telling me the truth. And even if I can't understand
why you feel the way you do, I trust you. Ok?" I asked.

He leaned forward and gave me a little peck of a kiss right on the tip of
my nose!

"Sometime, I'll be more than happy to sit down and tell you some of the
reasons that I feel the way I do about you. But right now, I'd much rather
make love to you." he said, and I was lost in that killer smile and those
deep blue eyes until his lips covered mine and he began to kiss me.

The kiss deepened and I could feel Jeff's hand moving over my body, feeling
my chest, my abs, and the moving down to massage my cock through my jeans.

"Why do you still have clothes on?" Jeff said to me, breaking the kiss and
giving me a horny grin.

"The same reason you still do!" came my cocky reply.

"I want you to get naked and back on this bed in less the 30 seconds!
NOW!!!" he let me hear his 'parade ground' voice for the first ground.

We both leaped from the bed and each other's arms. Even though he wore
lace-up black combat boots, he was still naked and on the bed a few seconds
before I was. I went to get back on the bed but I stopped. I stood there
stunned! I'm sure I looked like a deer caught in a car's headlights! I had
never seen a more beautiful and perfect male body in my life! Josh was no
slouch but Jeff was more than a man - he was a MARINE GOD!

I was also quite stunned by the size of his cock! I had never seen a cock
that big in my life! Not that I'd seen that many erect cocks. And, except
for Josh, all of those had been my fellow students in gym class - boys with
boy-cocks. But this was no boy! This was a man. A man who's hardness told
me far more than his words how much he wanted me.

"Like what you see?" Jeff asked, smiling at me.

"God! Yes!" I replied, my voice so husky with desire that it came out
almost as a growl.

"I like what I see as well." Jeff said.

I looked into his eyes and saw the heat and desire there. I began to
understand what he had told me. I, too, didn't see anything special to my
looks. I knew I wasn't ugly, but it surprised me to see such a level of
desire for me in someone else's eyes. Especially someone I wanted so badly.

I slowly crawled onto the bed, never taking my eyes from his. I'm sure that
had someone else observed this moment, they would have been able to see a
laser beam of hot desire from my eyes to his and back again. My cock was so
hard it almost hurt and dribbled cock-honey across the bed as I made my way
toward him.

I had intended to lay back down in his arms, but he grabbed me and made me
kneel beside his head. With his eyes still locked on mine, he moved
forward, opened his mouth and engulfed my entire cock in one gulp. The warm
wetness of his mouth surrounding me caused me to moan uncontrollably. I
could feel his tongue massaging the underside of my cock and the tightness
of his throat muscles around the head of my cock. My hips made an
uncontrollable lunge forward, trying to drive my cock even further into the
depths of his throat.

He pushed me back and pulled off my cock entirely. He shoved his nose into
my pubic hair and I could hear him taking deep breaths of the scent he
found there. Then he moved down to my balls and began sniffing them as
well. They were almost hairless and then next thing I felt was his rasping,
wet tongue against my nut-sack. I moaned at the feel of his tongue on my
nuts. It was so incredible that my cock was copiously leaking cock-honey
that was sliding down the length of my cock. Jeff moved up and licked the
stream of pre-cum running down my hardon.

"Mmmm." he moaned at the taste. "Really sweet!" he said, looking up into my
eyes and then going back to licking my balls.

It was my turn to begin moaning again. Jeff pulled me down onto the bed on
my back with him between my legs. He lifted my legs with his hands and
pushed them back until my knees were almost in my armpits. He lowered his
face until it was in my butt trench and I could hear him taking deep whiffs
of my ass scent. I heard Jeff growl deep in his throat and then I felt his
tongue take a long, leisurely swipe through my entire butt-crack.

"Mmmm. You taste as good as you smell!" he murmured.

I moaned at the touch of his tongue to such a tender and intimate place on
my body. I wiggled my butt against his face and begged him to go further.

"Yes! Eat my butt! Shove your tongue up my hole! Please!" I moaned in
passion.

Jeff took me at my word and began to lick deeply into my hole while sucking
the lips of my ass into his mouth. He pushed his tongue against my hole and
buried more than half of it in my ass.  He then began to move his tongue
rapidly in and out of my hole like a small, wet cock fucking my ass. Even
though the idea of taking something as big as his cock up my tiny hole all
but paralyzed my with fear, the feelings that were going through me while
he at my ass made me aware, for the first time in my life, of the 'need' to
be fucked! His tongue ignited a burning itch within my butt to have
something ramming in and out of it. Later I would understand the concept of
my ass being 'hungry'. Now, I was only living it!

"Oh, God! Jeff! What are you doing to me?! I can't stand much more of this!
God! Put something bigger in me!!" I begged and moaned.

I heard a low chuckle come out of Jeff's throat. He knew what he was doing
to me, all right. He knew what kind of a spark he'd ignited in my ass. He
knew how I was starting to overcome my fear of his size and just not care
anymore about the possible pain. He knew that I would end up begging him to
fuck me because that's what he wanted! He wanted to fuck me! But he wanted
me to beg for it first!

As Jeff continued to eat my butt, he slowly inserted his finger into my
spit-wet hole. I moaned at the intrusion but loved the feeling. Especially
because his finger could reach so much further inside me. His finger could
reach places inside my ass that his tongue could never reach. I felt his
finger graze against what I would later learn was my prostate and I thought
I could see stars! The rush of intense sensations that went through me
caused me to gasp and moan at Jeff's relentless pursuit of my anal cavity.

One finger was followed by two. Two were more difficult and painful at
first but soon my asshole adjusted and those two fingers were sluicing in
and out of my butt and giving me real thoughts that I could actually take
Jeff's huge cock! Before trying three, Jeff got off the bed and went into
his canvas travel bag. He came back with a squeeze bottle of what turned
out to be lube. He squirted some of the cool gel onto his fingers and began
working them back up my ass, greasing my hole for more to come! Then he
added more lube to his fingers and then next thing I know, there are three
of his fingers working in and out of my hole. And Jeff's fingers were not
small! No, they were long and they were thick! By the time he had three of
them up me and my hole relaxed enough to take them, it was obvious that his
cock would have no trouble entering me.

"Jeff! Please! Fuck me! Shove your cock up my ass! I want you so bad!" I
begged.

He finally had me where he wanted me. I was begging for that horse-cock of
his to be rammed up my ass like a mare being bred! I was just a quivering
mass of hormone driven fuck-lust who was willing to do anything that would
bring more pleasure to my ass! I began to wonder if maybe I was some kind
of slut, the way that I was reacting to Jeff and begging for him to fuck
me. I have since come to two conclusions: "Underneath whatever thin veneer
of respectability that they may use to hide it - All guys are sluts!" and
"Thank God they are!". I was to realize later that I was merely having a
normal, male reaction to the stimulation that was being visited upon my
body by the incredibly handsome, desirable and talented Marine that I was
rapidly falling in love with!

Jeff continued to play with my ass and relax my sphincter for a few more
minutes and then he re- lubed my ass with more of the gel and then I
watched as he heavily lubed his cock. He leaned forward over me, placing my
legs across his biceps to keep my hole up and my legs spread. He skinned
back the hood of his cock and placed his wet cock-head at the entrance to
my body.  Leaning down, he covered my mouth with his and kissed me
passionately at the same time that he pushed his hips forward and his cock
put pressure on my hole.

Jeff had done an excellent job of not only relaxing and opening my body to
him, his kiss so distracted me that before I knew it, half of his cock was
buried inside of me and moving slowly towards complete mastery of my
body. Before I even realized it, he stopped and I could feel his pubic hair
gently tickling the lips of my ass. His cock, which I had feared, was all
the way inside me and I was unable to even comprehend at that moment how
good it felt! A feeling of such completion came over me that I knew that
this is what I wanted more than anything in the world.  I wanted to feel
one with this young warrior! I wanted to feel the dominance of him. I
wanted to give over complete control to him and allow him to pleasure
himself with my body which would, in turn, pleasure me!

At first, as I guess a lot of guys do, I thought that this must be some
kind of feminine reaction within me and I began to worry about my
masculinity. Nothing could be further from the truth, I was to come to
understand later. Females are not dominant. Though some can become
'domineering', it is not their role - either biologically or socially - to
be dominant. That is the male role. But that role can also be a heavy
burden for the male. I now believe that it is part of the reason that males
tend to die younger than females. To be able to 'lay down' that burden, to
give over dominance to another male - as an equal - is something that no
female can do or experience. I was still male. I still retained the potent
male symbol of my hard cock, throbbing against my abs and belching
cock-snot onto me. But I was experiencing all the pleasure that
surrendering, just for a time, to another male's dominance can bring.

I didn't understand these things then. I could only look up into Jeff's
impossibly blue eyes and beg him to take me to the level of pleasure my
body had only really begun to hint at.

"Oh, God! Jeff! You feel so good inside me! Please! Fuck me! Make me
yours!" I begged him.

He smiled down at me as he began to fuck slowly and gently in and out of my
hole. I lay there inhaling deeply of his scent, my scent and the scent of
our fucking. My nose was thoroughly enjoying the combination of scents and
it was directly affecting my cock which was so hard it almost hurt. As Jeff
leaned over me, my cock was rubbing against his hard abs and was being
stimulated inside and out as his cock slid back and forth across my
butt-nut, bringing me closer and closer to cumming even though I wasn't
touching myself. I had never had a 'hands-free' orgasm in my life - except
for wet-dreams like this morning on the bus - but it seemed like that was
exactly what I was headed for.

After a short time, Jeff began to really plough my ass good! His cock was
like a pile-driver, rhythmically pounding my hole. I could hear the
slap-slap-slap of his hips as they hit my butt- cheeks on each drive
inward. The more he pounded , the limper I seemed to become, my body
overwhelmed by the sensations his cock was causing in my shit-chute. I was
almost constantly moaning now at the intensity of his fuck. My hole seemed
to open up more and more as he fucked me, giving me fear that it would
never close up again. But that didn't matter to me. I just wanted more and
more of Jeff's cock up inside me and he seemed to have the same idea. Each
inward plunge seemed to be intent on going deeper and deeper into my
bowels.

"Fuck, yeah! Fuck my butt! Fuck me HARD!" I screamed out in my ecstasy.

Jeff said nothing in response, he was too intent on driving his cock harder
and faster into my ass.  Without warning, I suddenly felt that tingling
sensation that heralded my impending orgasm. I didn't want to cum yet, but
I had no choice. Jeff's pounding cock was taking me over the edge.  My body
suddenly stiffened and my cock began to fire load after load of my hot,
white juice all over my face and chest.

"AHH!!! FFFFUUUUUCCKKKKKK!!!!" I yelled as Jeff continued to pound my ass,
grinning down at me as I shot my load.

As I came down from the intensity of my orgasm, I thought that Jeff would
stop - or at least slow down - his pounding punishment of my hole. No way!
He continued fucking me as I lay there, trying to learn to breathe again!
My cock never went soft even after the incredible load that I shot. I
looked up as I felt the drops of sweat from Jeff's body sprinkling mine. He
grinned at me, his face tight and red with the exertion of his fucking me.

As he continued to pound my well-used hole, the movement of his cock
against my prostate began to feel incredibly good again. I couldn't believe
it was happening, but I was starting to build towards yet another orgasm! I
hadn't cum more than two minutes ago and here I was, almost ready to shoot
again!

I started moaning and tossing my head back and forth as the fuck-lust again
took hold of me and I began to lift my butt as much as I could, trying to
drive Jeff's cock deeper and deeper into my ass on each plunge he made. I
was totally lost in animal desire. I lost all sense of myself and was only
aware of my ass being pounded and my cock reaching for another orgasm. I
could hear somebody screaming and figured out that it was my voice!

"FUCK ME!!! HARDER!!! MAKE ME CCCCCUUUUUUMMMMMM!!!!"

And with that, my cock began to unload for the second time in less than
five minutes! And what seemed an even larger load than the first time! I
shot over my head this time, hitting the bed behind me. The rest of the
load ending up on my face and chest again. I was covered with my own cum!

I looked up at Jeff, and I think even he was shocked by my speedy recovery
and orgasm. He looked down at me with a questioning grin on his face. I'm
sure I looked a sight - covered with my cum But it was a sight that
evidently spurred Jeff to new and greater heights of performance because he
began to pound my ass harder and faster - a feat I thought impossible! He
power- fucked me, raising himself onto his hands and toes, his face pouring
sweat down onto mine and he towered over me, bending me almost double. My
cock still had not softened in any way and this new angle of impact was
causing my prostate to take a direct hit from his cockhead every time he
battered his way into my hole.

Jeff's breathing and rhythm began to get ragged and I knew he was getting
ready to unload his Marine spoonge into my guts. I reached up, without
thinking and began tugging and pinching his small, male tits. Jeff threw
back his head and howled like a wolf at my actions. He drove his cock
faster and faster into me and my own cock began to tingle for a third time!
I couldn't believe it!  Jeff was about to cum and it looked like I was
going to cum right along with him!

Moaning and screaming mindlessly, Jeff began shooting his hot cum up my
ass. And while I couldn't feel the actual cum, I could feel the trembling
of his cock in my hole each time he unloaded and I could feel the cum start
to drip down my butt crease as the overload squirted out of my hole around
his cock. His twitching cock in my hole triggered my third orgasm and I
shot out my load all over both of us this time as Jeff leaned down to take
possession of my mouth as his cock deposited his love juice in my hole. I
screamed out my orgasm in his mouth as his tongue seemed to want to drive
itself down my throat. I bucked and trembled beneath him as I lost all
control of my body.

Jeff let go of my legs and literally picked me up in his arms, sitting back
on his heels and holding me like I was just a little kid. I found myself
with my arms clinging around his neck, crying my eyes out from the intense
feelings and the exhaustion I felt after three orgasms in less than 15
minutes. I felt his kisses all over my face and down my shoulders as he
stroked my back and ass, where his cock was still embedded and still hard.

"What's wrong, Mike? Did I hurt you?" there was real fear and concern in
his eyes as he looked into mine.

"No! I've never had that happen in my life! I've never cum three times like
that! You are too wonderful to be believed!" I swore to him.

His face got red with embarrassment. A Marine that could blush! What a
concept! He did get a small grin of pride on his face, though, from his
accomplishment.

"Well, I can't perform that well unless I'm with somebody who really turns
me on." he said, looking back into my eyes.

"You feel so good inside me, I can't believe it! I was terrified at first
when I saw your cock. I still can't believe you've got the whole thing
inside of me!" I said, squirming some to feel his rock hard cock still
embedded in my ass.

"Well, even though you haven't had much experience, you just opened right
up!" Jeff laughed.

"I hadn't had any experience at all. No one has ever fucked me. You're the
first." I said.

A look of shock crossed his face.

"You're kidding me, right?! I didn't just cop your cherry, did I?!" he
asked.

"I'm not kidding you. You're the first man to ever fuck me. I told you I'd
only had sex with one other guy and he didn't fuck me. In fact, he didn't
even try. We were too busy with other things."  I shyly grinned and then I
could feel my face heating up as I blushed, remembering some of those
'other things'.

"God! I'm glad you didn't tell me that beforehand! I would never have had
the guts to do it! I know how big I am and I know my cock can hurt a lot at
first. Especially if somebody isn't experienced." Jeff said earnestly.

"It didn't hurt at all!" I said. "I thought it would, but there was no pain
at all. Only this really wonderful feeling I will never, ever forget!"

"I won't ever forget it either." he said, quietly, looking deep into my
eyes. "It was the most incredible fuck of my life! Making love to you is
something very different, very special. It's like no sex I've ever had in
my life."

Now it was my turn to blush. And I did. Even if we only had this one day
together, I would never, ever be able to forget this astounding
Marine. And, I knew that parting from him would be the most painful thing I
had ever endured in my life. It seemed so unfair! All my life, all I'd
wanted someone to love me - someone to want me! My mother didn't. My
grandfather certainly didn't. My Dad said he did in his letters, but I
hadn't even met him yet! And, even though finding him was important to me,
I knew that, at my age, it wasn't a "Daddy's" love that I needed or
wanted. It was the love of a mate - a partner. And I so wished it could be
the love of this beautiful Marine who held me in his strong, muscular
arms. The sadness that washed over me, knowing that the dream of Jeff being
mine was too impossible to even fantasize about, brought tears to my eyes
again. To try and hide them, I buried my face in Jeff's shoulder. But he
could feel the trembling in my body as I tried to restrain them.

"What's wrong, Mike. Please don't tell me you're having second thoughts
about what we did.  Please tell me it's not guilt, because we didn't do
anything wrong!" he murmured in my ear.

I raised my tear-stained face and my eyes met his. I didn't want to speak
because I knew that, looking into those beautiful blue eyes of his, I
couldn't lie. But how could I tell him the truth!  How could I tell him how
I now knew I felt about him. I had no right to complicate his life. I
didn't know what to say.

"I...I.." I sputtered, so afraid of telling him, so afraid of his reaction.

He waited patiently while I continued to stare into his eyes, trying to
answer him.

"It's ok. Take your time." he said softly.

"No! I can't. I'll make you angry." I finally exploded, the pressure inside
me too great to hold back much longer.

"No, Mike. I won't. I promise. No matter what you say to me, I won't get
angry." he said holding me tighter in his arms and leaning forward to
gently kiss my lips.

"Jeff, I'm so sorry! I didn't want this to happen! I've got no right and I
know it! I just can't help myself!" I started spewing out explanations and
apologies.

"Wait...wait a minute!" he said gently. "What are you sorry about? What's
this you've got no right to?" he asked, a perplexed look on his face.

I stopped dead. Of course he was confused! I still hadn't told him the most
important part. Before I could, however, I felt his cock - which had now
softened - slip from my ass. I pushed against him and got him to let go of
me. I lay back on the bed and then swung my feet over the side so that I
was sitting. Jeff moved over and sat down next to me.

"Mike, please, tell me what's wrong. What have I done? Have I hurt you?" he
asked.

I looked into his eyes so filled with concern. I knew I had to give him an
answer. It wasn't right letting him think that this was in any way his
fault.

"No, Jeff. You haven't hurt me. You've made me feel better than I ever
thought I'd ever feel. I wish I could just lie to you and not have to tell
you this, but I know that I'm a terrible liar. I just can't lie -
especially to someone I love. And I do love you. More than I can tell you."

There, I'd said it. Jeff sat there looking at me for the longest time. I
didn't say anything. I didn't know what to say. I thought I'd already said
too much as it was. I figured I had fucked everything up. I'd taken what
was a really good time between two guys and messed it all up. Oh, well! I
suppose there would be another bus to LA that afternoon or evening. I could
just go and let Jeff enjoy Las Vegas himself.

"Do you mean that? I mean, really mean that?" Jeff asked me quietly, his
eyes boring into mine like blue laser beams.

"I've never meant anything more in my entire life." I swore to him. "I love
you. I thought it was just horniness - just sex. But it's not. When I think
about you, when I look at you, I don't just think about sex. I think about
being together, building a life together, being with you for the rest of my
life. I know that's stupid, we've only just met. And I know you couldn't
feel the same way about me. So, please. Let's just forget I said it. I can
go back to the bus station and catch another bus. You certainly don't need
an emotionally fucked up 18 year old messing up your life." I said and
started to get up off the bed.

He grabbed my arm in the strong grip of his hand and I felt myself firmly
pulled back down on the bed.

"Where in the fuck do you think you're going?" he asked, fire in his
eyes. "How dare you! How fucking dare you tell me that you love me, tell me
that you want to spend the rest of your life with me and then tell me I
can't feel the same way and try to walk out!"

I could hear the controlled fury in his voice. He took several deep breaths
before he continued, never for a moment letting go of my arm.

"How do you know that I don't feel the same way you do? Have you asked me?
Have you fucking asked me how I feel about all of this? Do I get a choice
in all of this?!" he asked, his voice quiet but serious.

I sat there stunned. He was right. This was all a conversation that I'd had
in my head! I'd never asked him how he felt. I was actually scared to death
to ask him. I was afraid to know how he felt. I didn't want to feel the
rejection. And I owned up to that.

"I didn't ask because I was afraid. I didn't want to go through the pain of
you rejecting me. So, I just made up my mind that you would and went on
from there." I admitted to him.

He just sat there looking at me, his face unreadable. Finally he let go of
my arm and moved his to my shoulder. Putting his arm around me, he pulled
me to himself until my head rested on his shoulder and I was being hugged
by his arms. My arms went around him and I buried my face in his chest.

"Thank you for your honesty. I do understand about fear. I know you'll
probably have a hard time believing this because you think I'm this big,
tough Marine, but I get afraid, too! I was afraid to even ask if I could
sit next to you on the bus to begin with!" he said.

I pulled back and looked in his face. He was afraid of me?!

"Courage, Mike, isn't the absence of fear. Courage is being afraid and
doing what you need to do anyway. Of course I was afraid. Afraid of the
same kind of rejection from you. I know you still find it hard to believe,
but I don't see myself as all that special!" he said.

I started to protest and he put his finger over my lips.

"Ok, I know that I'm not ugly or anything. I know I have a good body that I
work on quite hard.  And I know that my parents and brothers love me, but
they've had years to get used to me!" he grinned.

"But you're so much more than that!" I protested.

"What do you mean?" he asked, truly confused.

"Remember what you told me about the three 'Core Values' of the Marine
Corps? Honor, Courage and Commitment? You don't just talk about those. You
live them! When you talked about your family, your life growing up, your
life in the Marines, I saw all of them in you! I don't just love you - I
respect you like no other man I've ever met in my life! More than that, I
like you.  You're the kind of guy I'd want as a friend - a best friend." I
said, hiding my face on this last part, I was so embarrassed by this open
display of my feelings.

I felt his hand touch my chin and raise it until my eyes were level with
his. There were tears glistening in those beautiful blue eyes of his.

"I don't know how to thank you for that." he said, his voice husky with
emotion. "That was probably the nicest thing that anyone has ever said to
me in my entire life. The only response I can give to it is to tell you
that I do love you. And I would like that chance to prove that everything
you've just said you believe about me is true. However, I have to warn you
- it will probably take the rest of our lives for me to prove that to you."

It took me a moment to figure out what he'd just said. I got the part about
him loving me but the rest of it sounded to me like he was asking me to
spend the rest of my life with him!

"I don't want to make a mistake here. This sounds like you're asking me to
spend the rest of my life with you. Or am I not hearing you correctly?" I
asked, hesitantly.

"There's nothing wrong with your hearing. That's exactly what I'm asking
you. I wanted to bring this up myself but I was as afraid to as you
were. After all, you're on your way to meet a father you've never
known. You don't know what's going to happen there - how you're going to
feel.  How he's going to feel about us being in love with each other. It's
nothing to be ashamed of but, unfortunately, it's not something we can
exactly shout from the rooftop either. There are a lot of guys out there
who hate people like you and me. And you don't know that your Dad isn't one
of them." he said.

"No, I don't. But it doesn't matter! I want my Dad to love me. But I don't
'need' him to love me.  Not if I have your love. If Dad can't love me the
way I am, then that's just too bad. I've lived with the rejection of my
mother and my grandfather - one more isn't going to matter because, as long
as you love me, that's all I really need." I told him.

Jeff leaned down and kissed me gently. I reached up and put my arms around
his neck, drawing his mouth back to mine and kissing him passionately. Our
hands started roaming over our bodies and it looked like things were going
to get started again when Jeff pulled back from my mouth.

"God! I can't keep my hands off you!" he laughed. "But we have a lot of
things to talk about first. If this is going to work between us, we need to
start making some plans. From what you've told me, your only plan was to
find your Dad. You didn't even know what was going to happen then." he
said.

"Yeah. I know. It was a pretty dumb thing to do, just taking off like
that. But I was hurt and I was angry. And I seriously wanted to find my
Dad." I said, showing my embarrassment at doing such a stupid 'kid' thing.

"There's nothing 'dumb' about it! I understand how you felt. Given the same
set of circumstances I probably would have done the same thing! Only
difference is, I might have punched my grandfather out before I left!" Jeff
laughed.

I laughed, too. I wish I could have done that! After all the years of his
belittling me and then to find out he was the reason I didn't have a
father, he deserved more punishment that I could ever provide.

"You know, we probably ought to at least get in the shower and rinse
off. You're full of cum and so am I. And besides, I've got to take a wicked
piss!" Jeff said.

At this last statement, my eyes must have lit up like sparklers on the 4th
of July! Jeff noticed and started to say something but I blushed and
dropped my eyes in shame at what I was thinking about. I didn't think Jeff
would be into piss play and I wasn't about to mess things up with him now!
I could live without ever getting pissed on the rest of my life - as long
as it meant I could have Jeff for the rest of my life. But Jeff just sat
there, looking at me with this look on his face that I was beginning to be
able to interpret. This one said 'Ok, what the fuck's up here?'.

"Mike, do the words 'golden shower' have any meaning to you?" Jeff asked
quietly but I could hear the seriousness in his voice.

"No. I've never heard that before. What does it mean?" I asked,
innocently. I really had never heard the term.

"How about 'watersports'?" Jeff asked again.

"You mean like jet ski's and stuff?" I asked, really confused now.

Jeff threw back his head and laughed at that one. I sat there staring at
him, completely confused by all this. Finally he calmed down enough to
answer.

"No, not like 'jet ski's and stuff'! Both of those terms - 'golden shower'
and 'watersports' refer to guys playing around with piss." he said.

At this my face really heated up and I'm sure turned as red as a tomato! I
again looked down, unable to meet his eyes.

"Oh." was all I was able to get out.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to gross you out." Jeff said, squeezing my
shoulders with his arm.

"Ahh...you didn't. I...ahh..." I stammered.

"Have you ever played with your own piss? A lot of guys do. Some do it just
for fun, like writing their name in the snow. Others do it because it turns
them on. They like piss on themselves in the shower or even in their
clothes. Sometimes they get together with other guys and piss on each
other." Mike explained.

"Have...have you ever done that?" I hesitantly asked.

"Fuck, yeah!" Jeff enthused. "I kinda get off on it. I hope that doesn't
make you think less of me."

When I raised my head, I'm sure that Jeff was somewhat surprised to see the
big 'shit eating' grin on my face.

"Fuck, no! I don't think less of you! You see, I love it, too! I was afraid
you'd think less of me!" I exclaimed.

"So do I get the feeling that you'd like to go in the shower and have a
really 'wet' time with me?"  he laughed.

"Fuck, yeah!!! I'd give anything to have you piss all over me!" I enthused.

"Well, I'd be glad to, but it's gonna cost you!" he said.

"What do you mean?" I asked, totally confused.

"You want to be pissed on - you're going to have to return the favor!" he
said, winking at me.

"Ah! Fuck, yeah! I'll be glad to! You mean, you like getting pissed on,
too?" I was amazed.

"Sure do! Love the feeling of a guy's hot piss splashing on my body. It's
kinda like being cum on, only for minutes rather than seconds!" he
explained.

"You don't see it as a put down or anything?" I asked. This was a question
which had been bothering me about my attraction to piss and I was too
'caught up in the moment' with Josh to ask him about it.

"Fuck, no! I know some guys see it like that - the whole degradation
trip. But that's not me. It's ok to look at it that way, but to me it's
this kind of real intimate sharing between two guys. I guess it comes from,
when you're growing up, a lot of times the only time you get to see another
guy's cock is when he's pissing - like at a urinal in a restroom. So you
kind of get this connection between the hot view of another guy's cock and
piss." Jeff explained.

"How about...ahh...drinking it?" I asked hesitantly, still not sure of how
far I should take this.

"Well...to me...that's another thing entirely." Jeff said, hesitating as if
to choose the right words.  "You see, to me, drinking another guy's piss is
a lot more serious. It's like taking part of him inside yourself, kind of
like drinking his cum. I only can do that if I'm really, really into a guy
and that hasn't happened very often. Have you ever drank piss from a guy?"

"Yeah. Once. With Josh, the first guy I had sex with. We both were drinking
a lot of beer and his piss was really weak. But I was really into him and I
liked it. It was very hot!" I said.

"Yeah, I agree! It is really hot. But I haven't had any beer. In fact, I
haven't had a whole lot to drink today which is probably going to make my
piss pretty strong. I wouldn't suggest we do that right now. I don't know
if you could take it that way. You know, what a guy drinks and eats affects
the way his piss, as well as his cum, tastes. You don't ever want to be
with someone who's eaten asparagus within the last three or four days!
Makes the cum and piss smell and taste fucking horrible!" he laughed.

"I'll have to remember never to let you eat asparagus!" I said.

"You won't have to bother. I don't like it anyway. And after I found out
what it does to my cum, I gave it up entirely!" he laughed. "Hey! All this
talk about piss has made me really fucking need to drain the lizard! You
ready to get wet?"

"Fuck, yeah!" I exclaimed and bounced of the bed and into the shower. I was
already laying down in the tub when Jeff walked into the bathroom. He stood
next to the tub for a few moments just looking down at me.

"Now that's what I like to see - a hot guy who's eager to have my piss all
over him!" he smiled.

"My favorite is a hot guy who's got to piss really bad!" I grinned back.

"So where do you want it?" Jeff grinned as he stepped into the tub and
stood over me, his cock in his hand.

"Everywhere! Fucking drench me with your hot piss!" I exclaimed.

"Ok, you asked for it!" Jeff laughed and suddenly his cock began blasting
hot piss onto my chest and belly.

I reached up and started rubbing Jeff's hot piss into my chest and
belly. Then I raised my arms and Jeff's piss stream began soaking my
underarms. I closed my eyes and mouth and lifted my face for Jeff to piss
on. He hit my forehead with his piss and it started running down my face
and into my hair. The feeling of his piss on my head was interesting do I
dropped my head forward and I felt his stream wetting my head and his warm
piss streaming down my back.

By this time, my cock was rock-hard again so Jeff began pissing on my cock,
my balls and my pubic hair. Lifting my head to again watch him piss, I
could feel some of his piss on my lips. I tentatively reached out my tongue
to taste it. Jeff was right. It was a lot stronger than Josh's piss had
been, but not entirely unpleasant in it's saltiness. As Jeff's stream began
to diminish, I leaned forward and put my mouth under his cock and let the
piss flow into my mouth and out again, going down my chin and onto my chest
and abs. When he was just about out of piss, I wrapped my lips around the
head of his cock and drank the last few squirts. I wanted to drink from
him, no matter what. I wanted to show him how much I loved him and wanted
him to be a part of me.  As I nursed at his cockhead, Jeff reached down and
gently stroked my piss-soaked face and hair.  Our eyes met and there was
such a look of love and care in his eyes, that my heart melted and I almost
started to cry again. I don't know how I got so weepy all of a sudden! I
guess it was the fact that I finally found someone who I could emotionally
depend on.

Jeff pulled his cock from my lips. It had begun to harden. I leaned forward
and licked up the shaft to the tip and then poked my tongue inside his
foreskin to get any piss drops that were left there.  Jeff moaned at the
touch of my tongue inside his hood and I quickly began letting his cock
bury itself in my mouth.

It was difficult at first to become adjusted to his size. He was not only
longer than Josh, he was also thicker. I didn't think I had a hope in hell
of getting his weapon down my throat but, by God!, I was going to try! I
tightened my lips and pushed back on the head of his cock until his hood
rolled back and I started licking the underside of his cock as it slid
further into my mouth.  When it reached the back of my throat, there was
still a lot of cock left outside my sucking mouth. I pushed forward and
swallowed at the same time as Josh had taught me. Surprisingly, I felt
Jeff's huge tool begin to slowly slide into my throat. It was definitely a
tight fit and I could really feel Jeff's cock spreading the muscles of my
throat as it has spread the muscles in my ass.  Before I knew it, however,
my nose was buried in his sweaty, musky pubes and his cock was completely
buried inside me once again.

"Fuck!!" Jeff exclaimed as he felt his cock being gently massaged by the
muscles in my throat.  "Nobody's ever been able to swallow all of that
thing!"

I looked up at him and I know he could see the smile of love and pride in
my eyes which he couldn't see on my lips - they were spread too tight
around the shaft of his monster cock.  Grabbing hold of his hips, I began
to move in and out trying to give him the message that I wanted him to fuck
my face like he had my ass. I found that the most exciting way for me to
suck a guy off was to have him fuck my face. I love the view of his crotch
coming at me and his hips pumping just like he was fucking. It really
concentrated my vision and nothing could distract me from the pleasure of
sucking the guy off!

Jeff, quickly got the message. He reached down and put his hand behind my
head and began pumping his cock in and out of my throat. His hand's played
in my piss-wet hair and I could hear him grunting as he laid pipe in my
mouth. I looked up and his head was thrown back in ecstasy and the muscles
in his body were rippling with his fuck-thrusts. What an incredible sight
it was to watch him. He was totally lost in the feelings I was creating in
his body with my mouth. But then he looked down and our eyes locked. The
look I saw in his eyes was feral. Jeff loved me, but this had nothing to do
with love. This was all about the incredible biological drive in every male
to shoot cum into a warm, wet hole! Pussy, ass, mouth - it didn't matter at
that point. Jeff was following the three rules of male biology - fuck it
hard, fuck it deep, fuck it again!

I figured he would take a while, like he had while he fucked me, but
no. Jeff had immense control but he also knew when to use it. He didn't
want to overburden my throat this first time and so he let himself go and
before I knew it, I heard his moans of release and my throat was flooded
with his cum. I pulled back quickly so that I could taste his creamy
manjuice. I was almost overwhelmed with the amount. Even through he had cum
inside my ass not half an hour ago, he shot enough cum down my throat that
I figured it would be hours before I needed to eat again! I would live on
his natural, wholesome, Grade A Marine Corps spoonge!

His monster cock finally stopped making sperm deposits down my throat and
began to soften enough that I could easily let it slip from my mouth. Jeff
knelt down in the tub into the puddle of his yellow piss that lay there and
took my face into both his hands. He passionately pressed his mouth to
mine, licking out my mouth and tasting his own cum.  Then he wrapped his
arms around my piss soaked body and held me while his chin rested on my
head and my face was pressed to his muscular chest.

"Nobody! Nobody has ever been able to swallow me completely! That was the
most incredible fucking blow-job I've ever had in my entire life! How the
fuck did you do that?!" he exclaimed.

I wrapped my arms around him and hugged his warm, sweaty body against my
piss-drenched one.

"The guy I had sex with first, taught me how to swallow a cock down my
throat. I didn't know if I could do it to you - you're so much longer and
thicker. But I wanted to try." I said.

"Fuck! You can 'try' that again, anytime you want!" he laughed.

"I'd be careful what you say!" I warned him. "You have no idea how 'hungry'
I can be!" I said laughing.

"Well, if your ass and mouth are any indication, I may have to hook you up
with a platoon of my brother Marines or I won't live through the first year
with you! But what a fucking way to go!"  he laughed.

A whole platoon of Marines? On my knees, sucking all those studly paragons
of masculinity! Or maybe taking them all up my ass one at a time! What a
fucking wet-dream that was! How many guys in a 'platoon' anyway? Hey! Wait
a minute! What's this about other guys?!

"Would you really do that?" I asked hesitantly.

"Do what?" Jeff asked, showing his confusion.

"Send me to other Marines to have sex." I replied.

He pulled back until he was looking down into my eyes. I think he wondered
if my question was serious.

"Fuck, no! You have to go find your own Marines!" he grinned at me.

My face fell and he lost his grin quickly.

"Hey! Mike! I'm just kidding, ok?" he said, obviously realizing that I was
upset.

"Yeah..ok..." I said, unconvincingly.

"No, really! I only joking. But it looks like we need to have a little talk
about this." he said seriously.

"About what? Me being a slut and chasing after Marines?" I said with
bitterness, almost too low for him to hear.

"You are NOT a slut! Now, let's get something straight right here! How many
guys have you had sex with?" he asked.

"You know how many!" I said. "Two. Just you and Josh."

"And how many do you think I've had sex with?" he asked.

"In your whole life? I dunno. Probably a hundred." I said, exaggerating
slightly.

"A Hundred!!! Fuck, no! Counting you, there's been 10 guys in my whole life
that I've actually had sex with!" he almost shouted.

"Really?" I asked quietly.

"Really. And that counts my four brothers." he grinned.

"You did!!! You had sex with your brothers??!! Fuck, that's hot!!!" I
exclaimed.

"Let's not get off the subject!" he warned. "I've had sex with five other
guys before you. Two were my best friends in high school and three were
other Marines that I met. So if anybody in this room is a slut - it would
be me."

"But that isn't a lot. I mean, I just wish I'd had the chance to have sex
with other guys in school but I was always too scared." I admitted.

"Yeah, and I bet there were a shitload of guys who wanted to have sex with
you and were also too scared!" he said.

"You think?" I asked. That was a very different way of looking at things
than I'd ever thought about before.

"I know!" he said, smiling at me. "Nobody who's as cute and has as
beautiful a body as you do could help attracting other guys. It's a normal
part of growing up - learning about sex with your buds. I was lucky, I also
had my brothers to learn from. But that's a whole different kind of thing.
A lot of what we did also grew out of the love we have for each other. But
let's get back to that 'wish' of yours."

"What wish?" I asked, not knowing what he was talking about.

"That wish to have had sex with other guys. Do you really think you can
spend the rest of your life only wanting to have sex with me? Never looking
at another guy and wishing you could have sex with him?" he asked.

"Well..." I hesitated. Never was a very long time! And even though I knew I
loved Jeff, I didn't know what was going to happen in the future.

"Good! Made you think, didn't it?" he smiled.

"Well, yeah! I mean, forever is a long time and I don't know what's going
to happen." he said.

"Exactly! And you have to take something into account you haven't thought
about. You're a guy." Jeff stated.

"Duh! What's that got to do with it?" I asked.

"That's got every thing to do with it! Look, too much of the romance crap
that we grow up with is tied up with females. Females look at sex
completely differently than guys do! A guy doesn't have to be 'in love' to
fuck somebody's brains out - or to get his brains fucked out by somebody,
for that matter. When I tell you that I love you and I want to spend the
rest of my life with you, that's my heart talking - not my cock. My cock
would just be saying that you had two great holes and I love fucking either
one of them and would like to have them available on a regular basis!"  he
smiled.

I started laughing, picturing his cock talking to me like that.

"My cock just likes to fuck and get off. It doesn't mean anything. I don't
want to spend my life with that person. I just want to fuck or get fucked,
get off and go on my way. That's just sex - not love. Did you fall in love
with this other guy you had sex with?" he asked.

"His name was Josh. No. I mean I really liked him and he really turned me
on, but I didn't love him - not like I love you." I admitted.

"Ok. Why not? Why didn't you fall in love with him?" Jeff asked.

"I dunno, I just didn't. He didn't affect me the way that you do." I said,
confused about where this was leading.

"But he turned you on - enough that you wanted to have sex with him,
right?" Jeff asked again.

"Yeah! He was fucking hot!" I said.

"Do you think I'm 'fucking hot'?" Jeff asked smiling.

"Fuck, yeah! You're the hottest!!!" I swore. I was confused again. Jeff
knew how incredibly hot I thought he was.

"So you want to have sex with me?" he asked.

"Duh! We just had it!" I said.

"Yeah, I know that. But you also say that you love me. Is that because I'm
hot? Or because of other things?" he asked.

"Look, I already told you that! I don't just love you because you're hot! I
love you for who you are!" I said.

"How about how you feel when you're around me? Does that have something to
do with it?" Jeff asked.

"Oh, yeah! That's got a lot to do with it!" I assured him.

"So there are guys that are hot that would be great to fuck and then there
are guys who you not only want to fuck, but that you love - not because
they're hot but because of who they are and how they make you feel. Do you
agree with that?" he asked, deadly serious in the question.

"Yes. I agree with that." I said.

"Would you ever leave the guy that you love just to fuck a guy who's hot?"
Jeff asked.

"No way! That would be really fucked up!" I said with vehemence in my
voice.

"Ok, so then why should the guy you love and who loves you worry about you
fucking around with another guy who you think is hot?" he asked.

"Well...he might get jealous." I said.

"Yeah. And what's jealousy? What kind of guy's get jealous?" he asked.

"Guys who really, really love you?" I ventured.

"Really? Does a jealous guy really love you - or is he afraid of losing
you?" he asked.

"Well, it could be both." I said.

"Maybe. But is jealousy love?" he asked.

"No. It's jealousy." I said.

"And what is jealousy?" he asked.

"Being angry because your scared of losing somebody." I answered.

"BINGO!" he shouted. "Jealousy is being scared - it's fear! Now, you've
told me that you love me, right?"

"Yes. I do love you!" I insisted.

"Ok, and if I believe that you love me - I believe that when you tell me
that you love me that you're telling me the truth - and you tell me that
because you love me you're not going to leave me and take your love away
from me, then why would I fear you having sex with a hot guy? Why would I
fear that knowing that you've told me you're not going to leave over having
sex with him. You're not going to stop loving me just because he look's hot
to you? So where's the fear coming from?" he asked.

"Well... from inside! You would have to not believe me that I love you and
wouldn't leave." I said.

"Now you've got it! And the word to describe that is...?" he asked.

I thought about it for a moment.

"Trust?" I answered hesitantly.

"HOT DAMN! YOU GOT IT!!! TRUST!!! That's what a relationship has to be
built on! Trust!  If you can't trust the person that your committing you
life to, you're going to end up in a world of hurt! So a relationship has
to be built on more than love. It has to be built on trust. What else do
you need to build a really good relationship? How do you gain trust in
somebody?" he asked.

"Well..."I said thinking quickly " to really trust someone you have to
believe them."

"Ok, and to believe them they have to be what?" he asked.

"Honest!" I all but shouted. "Honesty! That's important!"

"That's right. Now, what are the 'Three Core Values' of the Marine Corps?"
he drilled me like a cross between a teacher and a drill sergeant.

"Honor, Courage and Commitment! Sir!" I shouted out like Marine recruits
I'd seen in movies.

I thought that Jeff would split a gut, he started laughing so hard!

"Sorry! But that's what you have to put up with when you fall in love with
a Marine! The training comes out!" he laughed.

"I don't mind - just so long as that Marine remembers the Marine Corps
Motto!" I said.

"SIR! THE MARINE CORPS MOTTO IS 'SEMPER FIDELIS' SIR!" he shouted out in
typical Marine fashion.

"And that means?" I pushed.

"Always Faithful." he said, his eyes glowing with love for me as he leaned
down and gently kissed me. "Always faithful to you. Semper Fi!"

"I'll always love you." I said as his lips left mine.

"Honor, Courage, Commitment. They make up what you need for a relationship,
too. With honor, there is no question of honesty or trust. Courage says
there is no fear of betrayal or abandonment. Commitment means that, no
matter what, you stay. You work out the problems.  You don't run away from
them." he said gently. "Can you live up to all of those?"

"Oh! Yes, Sir!" I said leaning forward and kissing him again.

"So then, if you see a hot guy - Marine or not - and you want to fuck his
brains out, what are you going to do?" he asked.

"I'm going to fuck his brains out and then come home and let you fuck mine
out!" I giggled.

"What if I want you to fuck MY brains out?" he asked.

Now THAT was food for thought!!!

The End of Chapter Three of MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 29)

Date: Fri, 13 Feb 2004 17:21:57 -0800 (PST)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE HERO 1

Disclaimer: This is a story. I didn't live it - even though I wished I
had. It is purely for enjoyment. It's another of my "Marine" stories. Some
guys wonder why I keep writing about Marines. Besides the fact that they
epitomize masculinity to me, beyond the fact that they are just about the
raunchiest guys I've ever known, there is another reason.

These brave warriors are often the first defense against any enemy of my
country and my way of life. Throughout the history of this country, the
Marine Corps has produced more, oftentimes unsung, heros than any other
fighting force. And I don't know about you, but contrary to Whitney
Houston's song, my need for a hero has always been fulfilled by The Few,
The Proud, The Marines. Semper Fi!

I wish to acknowledge two people who's assistance with this story was
invaluable. First of all, Kris, who is a great writer in her own right.

And

Second, but not least, a real Marine and a beautiful man - Rich, who will
always be Jeff to me.

MARINE HERO
by RimPig (c) 2002

Chapter One - Leaving Home

They called them "JD's" in those days - Juvenile Delinquents. Whatever you
call them, my Dad was one. He wasn't mean or anything. He was just a
"hell-raiser", always doing something to get him into trouble. Like the
time when he was 15 and painted one of the local sheriff's cars with
several spay cans of bright yellow paint. Or the time when he was 16 and
beat up Judge Farnsworth's son. Of course, most people were glad that he
did that one. It seems Judge Farnsworth's son had been the town bully for a
long time and everyone thought that it was about time that he got what he
deserved. Unfortunately, Judge Farnsworth didn't see it that way and sent
my Dad to a farm for Juvenile Delinquents for six months.

You would have thought he'd learned his lesson by then, but my Dad was and
is a very stubborn man. When he came back, he really didn't do anything
until he met my mother.

My mother was the only child of the richest man in town. Spoiled and
rebellious as 'only' children tend to be, my mother's form of rebellion was
an attraction to 'bad boys'. And there was no "badder" boy in the county
than my Dad. So she went after him. This resulted in me being born when
they were both 17. I grew up in the little town of Lake Mills, Iowa - just
west of Interstate 35 in northern Iowa close to the border with Minnesota.

My mother's father didn't take to this too kindly and rather than letting
my Dad marry my mother, he had him charged with 'statutory rape'. Of course
Old Judge Farnsworth was more than willing to throw the book at my Dad over
this but he was up for re-election that year and knew that there were a lot
of townspeople in that small community that were still pissed at him for
the way he treated my Dad when Dad beat up his brat/bully of a son. So he
offered my Dad a choice - he could either go to the state reform school
(actually a prison for juvenile offenders) or he could join the
military. Dad chose to join the Marine Corps.

I heard stories about my Dad all the time I was growing up. My grandfather
hated him and made sure that I heard about all the 'terrible' things he'd
done growing up as a boy. He also loved to point out that my Dad's father
was a drunk and a 'lay-about' who worked a small farm outside of town and
didn't have a 'pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of!'. I think
this was part of the reason that Dad had been so wild. I found out that his
own mother had died when he was only three and his Dad couldn't handle his
wife's death and a toddler as well.

Dad's aunt, his father's sister, was a spinster and came to help out with
raising Dad. I met her once. She was a dried-up, shriveled old lady with a
sharp tongue and no love for anybody - especially her brother and his
'brat' as she called him.

The more I heard about my Dad, the more I wanted to meet him, which drove
my mother and grandfather crazy! They told me he wouldn't dare to set foot
in our town again and I should just forget about him as he'd obviously
forgotten about me. I never heard from my father, not one letter and I
never received any gifts or had any contact with him at all. That is until
I was 18.

I don't know what made me do it. I knew I wasn't allowed in my
grandfather's study when he wasn't there. My only excuse was that it was a
rainy day and I had nothing to do. My grandfather was gone, doing some kind
of business and my mother had gotten together with her girlfriends to go
shopping and so I was left all alone. This wasn't a novel experience. I was
left alone a lot. I had always gotten the feeling that I wasn't really
wanted or considered a real part of the family.

Anyway, that day I was bored and for some reason wandered into my
grandfather's study. I sat down in the big leather desk chair and was
staring out the window when I noticed something I'd never seen before. It
was a metal box that was laying on the floor under the desk. I wondered
what it was for so I picked it up. I tried to open it but it was
locked. That presented me with a challenge! I took a paper clip off the
desk and unfolded one of the tines so that I had something to poke in the
lock. Not that I knew how to pick locks but I had seen it done on TV
hundreds of times and figured, 'how hard could it be?'.

It actually was quite easy. Within a few minutes I heard the lock mechanism
click and the box sprung open. Inside were just a huge bunch of letters,
maybe a hundred of them. How boring!  That is, until I looked more
carefully at them. The were all addressed to my mother but it was the
return address that caught my eye - Master Sergeant Michael Harrison. My
Dad!!! I dug down through the box. All of the letters were from my Dad and
they were all unopened.

I quickly opened the latest one, postmarked just a couple of weeks ago. In
the letter my Dad begged for some news about me. He said that the thoughts
of his son were with him all the time.  He begged my mother to tell me how
much he loved me and wanted to see me. I sat there stunned! And then I
started to cry.

All those letters! All those years of letters and still my Dad kept
writing. I started opening them up from the beginning when the return
address said 'PFC Michael Harrison'. From the very beginning, all of Dad's
letters were mainly about me. Asking what I was like, asking - no, begging
- for a picture of me - some way to be a part of my life.

I read about Dad's experiences in the Gulf War, how he'd earned a medal and
a promotion. I read about his life in the Marine Corps, traveling all over
the world. But mostly, I read about how much he loved me and wanted
me. More than either my mother or my grandfather did!

And I learned something else, I learned where my father was. San Diego,
California. Camp Pendelton to be exact. So, with no real thought as to how
yet, I decided right there and then, I was going to go to California and
find my father! I gathered up all the letters and ran up to my room. I
threw in all the letters, some pairs of jeans, t-shirts and socks into my
school back-pack and went under my mattress to where I kept my stash of
money. I did a lot of odd jobs and worked after school sometimes. I didn't
spend a lot so there was more than $300 under there. I figured that was
more than enough for a bus ticket.

I didn't leave a note. Why should I? It was obvious to me that these people
had stolen the most important relationship in my life - my Dad - away from
me. I was just a bother to both of them, but they used me to make my Dad
unhappy. Fuck them!

It was late afternoon when I left the house and headed out to the
interstate. I decided to make it to the Des Moines because I didn't want
anyone in my small town to know that I was heading to California and I
figured I could catch a Greyhound bus from there. That way no one would
know where I'd gone. I started hitch hiking and soon was picked up by a
young guy who was about 24.  He asked where I was going and I told that I
was going to Des Moines. I was in luck, he was headed there as well. He
told me he was from up in Minnesota and was going to Des Moines to start a
new job. I told him I was heading out to California to see my Dad.

I noticed that the guy, who's name was Josh, was really good looking. Long
chestnut brown hair resting on his shoulders which showed gold highlights
in the sunshine and beautiful green eyes.  He had a very muscular body
which was very evident dressed as he was in only short jean cut- offs and a
navy blue tank top. His muscles bulged and showed everywhere from his
shoulders down to his hard stomach and then his thick thighs. I noticed
something else, riding with him in his pickup truck, a scent - strong and
masculine. The scent of a man.

Now I should tell you, I had already figured out that it was guys who
turned me on, not girls. I especially loved gym class because not only did
I get to see a lot of beautiful, hard young bodies but I also got to enjoy
the scent of all that maleness surrounding me. It was very hard not to
throw a boner every time I entered the locker room, just from the smell!

I suppose I should also describe me. I'm almost six feet tall, I weigh
about 170 and I have blond hair and blue eyes. My cock is about seven
inches of uncut and quite thick meat and I have to beat the damned thing
off about three times a day to get any relief at all! And before I forget,
my name is Michael Thomas Harrison, Jr. Even though they never married, my
Dad did give me his name. I guess I should have known from that, that he
never would have deserted me.

Anyway, Josh told me that it was about 200 miles Des Moines and I was
welcome to come along if I wanted. I was overjoyed. I would get where I
needed to go and I had this young stud to look at as I traveled. Nothing
could be better than that!

I should admit here that I was 'sexually challenged' at this time (I hate
the "v" word! Ok?).  That's right, eighteen and never been kissed. Never
been anything! All I have are my fantasies (mostly from gym class) and my
good right hand! It's not that I don't want to do something, it's that I'm
shy. I get stupid and tongue tied every time I get anywhere near a really
attractive guy.

Like with Josh. I sat there, afraid to look at him too much for fear that
I'd either get a boner, he'd catch me looking at him and figure me out or
both. Josh, on the other hand, was very relaxed and started asking me
questions.

"So, Mike, got a girlfriend?" he asked.

"No." I said, not expanding on my answer.

"A good looking guy like you and you don't have a girlfriend? That's a
shame!"

"Well, I'm only 18 and I figure I've got time for all that." I said, hoping
to get off this subject.

"Well, yeah, but a guy's got 'needs', you know? And it gets boring pounding
the old pud all the time, doesn't it?" Josh laughed.

"Fuck yeah!" I agreed.

"Your age, I bet you pound it three-four times a day, huh?" he asked,
giving me a leering wink.

I know I blushed deep red because I could feel my face heat up.

"Hey, don't get embarrassed, Mike. I still have to wack out two or three
loads a day myself!" he grinned at me.

I smiled back. I liked Josh. He was funny and he was open. He seemed to
have no hangups about anything. I wished I could be that way.

We talked more. I told him about my life with my mother and grandfather (at
least a censored version - leaving out the part about them hiding my Dad's
letters from me.) Josh told me about his life. Josh worked as a bartender
and had gotten himself a new job in a very popular bar in Des Moines.

A couple of hours later, Josh said he was getting tired of driving as he'd
been driving all day and we would stop for the night. This was fine with
me. I had no time table. I'm was pretty sure that my grandfather and mother
wouldn't really discover that I had left until the next day. We stopped at
some drive-thru hamburger joint and got dinner and then Josh found this
cheap motel for us.

The room only had one big bed but I figured that was ok with me. I felt a
very strong attraction to Josh and wouldn't mind being that close to
him. Especially the way he smelled. That strong odor of male animal was
even stronger after driving all day. I had built up quite a bit of funk
myself which I could smell when I took my t-shirt off and my nose got close
to my pits.

Josh took off his tank top and I could see a sprinkling of soft golden hair
across his chest which trailed down his washboard abs and disappeared into
his cut-off's. I could hardly keep from staring at his glistening
muscles. I was starting to throw a rod and I didn't want to embarrass
myself.

"You want to take a shower first?" I asked Josh my voice almost cracking
from my fear and horniness.

"Nah! I don't shower all that often. I like the scent of my body. I guess I
kind of get off on it.  How about you?" he asked.

God! Did I get off on the scent of his body! But I figured that was not
what he was asking me.

"Yeah, I kind of get off on my own scent. I guess I don't need to take one
either." I said as casually as I could.

Josh walked over until he was standing very close in front of me. He was
about six-two so he kind of looked down at me. I could see him take a deep
breath, drawing in the scent of my body.

"Besides, I think I can stand your stink if you can stand mine." he said
quietly.

I, too, breathed deep of his scent as I looked into his deep green eyes. I
knew that something was going to happen. I just didn't know what. I knew
what I wanted to happen. I knew I wanted Josh to take away the burden of my
virginity and introduce me to the world of male sex. And, evidently, Josh
had the same idea.

"I love your stink." I said, not knowing where I got the courage to say
that.

At my words, I felt Josh's strong arms go around me and he drew my bare
chest against his. His mouth moved down and pressed hard against mine and I
felt his tongue pushing at my lips for entry. As I opened my mouth for my
first real kiss, I moaned into Josh's mouth and molded my body against
his. I could feel my cock jerk to full erection in a matter of seconds. I
could also feel the hardness in Josh's cut-off's pushing against my hard
stomach muscles. While not as well muscled as Josh, I had done my fair
share of sports and weight lifting and had a very good body for someone my
age.

Taking his lips from mine, Josh gazed down into my eyes again. I know he
saw the hunger there but he evidently saw the fear as well.

"Have you ever been with a guy before?" he asked quietly.

"No. I've never been with anybody. But I've wanted to so much!" I assured
him.

"Well, just relax, Mike. You're in real good hands. I promise I won't hurt
you. But you're about to become a man!" Josh said as he reached down and
undid the buttons to his cut-off's and let them slide down his thigh's to
the floor.

When he did so, I noticed that he was wearing a jock. I should say I
smelled it first. I doubt that it had ever been washed as strong as the
odors wafting up to my nose were. I breathed deeply of the smell and Josh
could see my nostrils flaring as his male scent burned in my nose.

"Yeah, buddy, get off on my stink. I've never washed this jock and I've
worn it for months now.  Wanna get real close to it? Really get your nose
in it? Huh?" he said, his voice now a deep velvet growl.

He put his hands on my shoulders and lightly pressed down. I hardly needed
the urging. My knees were already weak in passion for this hunk. I hit my
knees and pushed my face into his well-packed jock, taking in deep whiffs
of the funky mesh of the jock pouch. I smelled sweat, dried piss, and
cum. The mixture of this masculine smorgasbord of scents were causing my
cock to leak in my jeans and a dark spot was already formed where the head
of my cock poked against the fabric.

I moaned at the delights of scent that I was gathering up my nose from
Josh's jock and I couldn't hold back any longer. I didn't want to just
smell it - I wanted to taste it! I stuck out my tongue and began to run it
all over his stained jock pouch, drawing the fabric into my mouth and
trying to suck out all the smells and tastes I could find there.

"Yeah, buddy. Suck on that dirty pouch. Get all the piss and cum out of
that pouch. You like that taste, don't you?" Josh asked, his voice husky
with rut.

I couldn't answer. All I could do was moan. I was too far gone in the
sensual delights that I was tasting and smelling. Josh let me suck on his
pouch a while longer and then he hooked his fingers into the waist band and
slowly pushed the jock down his thighs to join his cut-off's around his
ankles. In doing so, he exposed his hard cock to my face. His cock was
magnificent. It rose at least eight inches and was uncut like my own. His
heavy balls hung low in a fur covered pouch and I could now see that his
'treasure trail' ended in a nice mat of brown fur surrounding his cock.

I pressed my face against his groin and the smells were even stronger!
Piss, sweat, dried cum - some of my favorite scents of all. But the smell
of his sweaty, unwashed cock was what drew me the most. I sniffed my way up
it, gathering all of the masculine odor of it until I reached the head.
There, a ruffle of skin all but covered the head completely. I put my nose
into the opening of the wrinkled skin and a strong odor hit my nostrils. I
knew that odor from my own cock. It was the white, creamy 'cheese' that
built up under the flange of the cock-head. Evidently, Josh had a lot of it
built up for it to smell that strongly.

I had tasted my own while jacking off. I even rubbed some of it across my
upper lip to smell while I jacked off. Now, I was going to get the chance
to taste and smell someone else's! I gently pulled down the foreskin,
exposing Josh's wet-looking cock-head, until the area under the flange was
visible. I'd never seen so much 'cock-cheese' at any one time. It was a
feast for a budding raunch pig like myself. The odor was so strong, it
filled the room with the smell of unwashed cock - a masculine scent that I
loved!

I took my time smelling all over the cock-cheese on Josh's cock and then
finally reached out my tongue to gather some of the redolent material to
taste. It was not really different than my own, just stronger which I
supposed came both from the amount, the time that it had aged in Josh's
'hood' and the fact that this was from the cock of a man - not a boy. I
slowly gathered all the head cheese into my mouth and licked his cock clean
of all the succulent material.

>From his cock, my nose next moved to Josh's balls. His nuts were furry and
stunk really good!  That smell of male balls, a smell so similar, I now
know, in each male yet somehow different, hit my nose and I immediately
began to bathe them with my tongue. The taste of salty sweat and tangy funk
was beyond description. Not content to just lick Josh's nuts, I slowly
sucked each one into my mouth and gave it a thorough tongue bath. Josh
moaned at this and reached down and grabbed my head with his hand pushing
my face further into his groin.

Then, using his hand again, Josh pushed my head away from his groin. I
looked up, moaning in frustration and wondering what I did so wrong that
Josh would take his body away from me. Josh smiled as he reached down and
pulled me to my feet. He brought his mouth to mine again, tasting his own
funk as we stood there swapping spit and moaning into each other's mouths.

"You really are into raunch, aren't you. How raunchy do you like it?" Josh
asked.

"I don't know. I've never had the chance to do anything like this before."
Mike replied.

"So what have you fantasized about?" Josh continued to press.

"All kinds of things. I've fantasized about guy's asses. I've even
fantasized about piss." I said, my voice quiet as I confessed my hidden
shame to Josh.

I didn't even know why I was telling Josh these things. I'd never told
anyone about my desires for piss. How I'd pissed on myself in the shower
and even drank some of my own piss once or twice. How I liked to play with
my asshole and smell my own ass juice on my fingers while I jacked off. How
I would suck my own ass juice from my fingers and taste the tangy, bitter
taste.  Never had I even thought of telling anyone about this. But there
was something about Josh.  Somehow, I knew I could trust him. Better still,
I got the feeling that not only would Josh understand but Josh would be the
one to make these fantasies real.

"Well, why don't we start with ass? Hmm?" Josh's face turned into a horny
grin. "How would you like to smell and taste mine?"

"Oh! Yeah! Fuck, yeah!" I moaned.

With this, Josh turned around and knelt on the edge of the bed, presenting
his butt to my view. I could see the beautifully sculpted mounds of smooth
white flesh bisected by a deep, dark furrow.  I again knelt, worshiping at
this altar of masculine beauty, kissing and licking the cheeks of Josh's
butt. As I moved to the center of the mounds of male flesh, I was
inexorably drawn to the scent emanating from Josh's butt-trench. I ran is
nose down the furrow and was overcome by the dark male aroma I found
there. I put my hands on his beautiful buns and pulled apart the muscular
glutes to find a furrow filled with dark hair and peaking through it,
Josh's pinkish- brown pucker pulsing with the breath of Josh's body.

The scent that assaulted my nose was ripe beyond anything I'd ever smelled
before. While I had often run my finger into my own ass-trench and smelled
the result as I jacked off, never had my nose been this close to the source
of that ripeness before. My head was swimming with the power of Josh's ripe
butt smell and I shoved my face forward to breathe in as much as I
could. The ass smelled of sweat, musk and ass juice and something that was
indefinable. Whatever it was, the mixture was driving me into depths of
lust and depravity I'd never imagined there could be.

Soon, smelling Josh's butt wasn't enough! I wanted to taste Josh's stink as
well. I stuck out my tongue and began to lave it through the reeking,
hair-filled trench gathering up all the raunchy tastes I could find
there. In the back of my mind, I knew this was a completely disgusting
thing to do, and that's what made it so exciting and made my cock, which I
had pulled out of the fly of my jeans so that I could stroke it, leak a
pool of cock honey on the floor below me as I explored Josh's butt with my
tongue.

"That's it, buddy. Lick my dirty ass! Shove that tongue up my stinking hole
and eat out my manhole! Get all that funk you can!" Josh moaned as my
tongue continued to eat out his raunchy butt.

Taking Josh at his words, I began to suck and lick at the opening to Josh's
bowels. I licked and sucked at the wrinkled skin surrounding Josh's hole
and finally shoved my tongue into the anal opening. I reveled in the dark,
tangy tastes inside of Josh's hole. I scrubbed the inner walls of Josh's
ass with my tongue, trying to get all the tastes that I could from it. We
both moaned continuously while I continued to suck on Josh's ass.

I guess that Josh realized that I was inexperienced and would probably cum
too soon if he allowed me to continue to feast at his ripe butt much
longer. Josh rolled away from my voracious tongue and looked back at me
with an incredibly hot look in his eyes. I must have been a sight as I
knelt there, my face, I'm sure, flush with wanton desire and my tongue all
but hanging out begging for the raunchy butt-feast that had been so
summarily taken away from me!

"Let's slow this down a bit, buddy." Josh said. " I don't want you to cum
yet when I haven't had the chance to taste and smell you."

I looked into Josh's deep green eyes and saw his intense carnal desire
there. I grinned at Josh and nodded my head in agreement as I couldn't find
my voice, so intense was my horniness at that moment. But I wanted to
experience what Josh could do to me and I knew that Josh was right. I was
getting really close to shooting my load. In fact, I'm sure I would have
shot without even touching myself - just from the taste and smell of his
ass!

"Why don't you take the rest of your clothes off and get up here on the bed
with me?" Josh suggested to me.

"Fuck, yeah!" I yelled, standing up and ripping off my jeans in eagerness
to give myself to Josh's expert handling.

I hopped up on the bed with Josh who took me in his arm and again kissed me
while running his hands over my smooth chest and gently tugging on my
nipples. I stiffened in Josh's arms and arched my back somewhat at this new
experience. I had no idea that my nipples were so sensitive! I could hear
Josh give a low laugh at my reaction.

Josh moved down my face until his mouth latched onto sensitive skin of my
neck and began licking and sucking there. I moaned at the intense feelings
that were going through my body from his tonguing of this very sensitive
area. I was quickly discovering that I had erogenous zones in more places
on my body than just my groin!

The next thing I felt was Josh's hands taking my arms from around his neck
and pushing them up above my head, baring my ripe pits. This released a
rush of the warm, sweaty scent from under my arms and I heard Josh take a
deep whiff of it as he pressed his face into my sweaty underarm.  I didn't
have much hair there, just a small blond puff, but that didn't seem to
matter to Josh who, after deeply inhaling my sweaty scent began to lave his
tongue all over my pit until it was sopping wet with his spit. He then
moved to the over side of my body and repeated his actions - smell first,
lick after.

Moving from my pits, Josh's mouth next attacked my small tits. He sucked
them into his mouth and brushed them with his tongue in rapid licks and
then I felt his teeth gently scrape them. I moaned and involuntarily arched
my back at the sensation, driving my chest harder into his mouth almost as
if begging for him to devour me! It was like shocks of electricity went
straight from my tits to my cock which throbbed with each scrape of Josh's
teeth and belched out pre- cum onto my already wet abs.

Josh continued to lick his way down my body, across my abs and down to my
groin. Rising from the bed, he moved to the foot of the bed and, spreading
my legs apart with his hands, moved onto the bed so that his face was
directly over the apex of my sex. He buried his face in my pubic hair,
ignoring my cock completely, and took deep breaths of my sweaty scent. He
moaned deep in his throat at the smells he found there. Moving down, he
next pushed his nose up against my almost hairless balls and began sniffing
them as well. His moans grew louder and finally, dissatisfied to only smell
them, he began to lick and suck at my tight, wrinkled sack.

Now it was my turn to moan, as his tongue laved my balls in his spit and
the feelings of a man's tongue on such a sensitive area of my body all but
drove me out of my mind. Just when I thought the feelings couldn't get more
intense, however, Josh picked up my thighs with his hands and shoved my
legs almost back to where my knees were resting in my armpits. This bared
and spread my ass trench to his hungry eyes, nose and mouth. I could smell
the scent of my own ripe ass even from where my head was laying so I knew
that Josh was getting a very heady fume of this most intimate scent of the
most intimate place on a male's body.

Josh seemed to approve as he took a number of deep breaths, breathing in
all of the ass funk that he could gather from my butt trench. His face
moved right into my butt until his nose literally rested on my asshole as
he continued to snort all the ripe, raunchy odors emanating from my
hole. Again, not content to merely sniff my butt, Josh finally stuck out
his tongue and began licking my ass trench from the base of my spine to
that patch of skin between the ass crack and the balls.

His moans almost deep growls, Josh continued to run his tongue up and down
my butt crack until finally he stopped dead center and began licking all
around my puckered opening. His lips locked onto my asshole and he began
sucking at the opening, drawing my asslips into his mouth where he licked
and gently nipped at them with his teeth. My moans equaled his as I
experienced having my ass rimmed for the first time in my life. It was a
feeling that was way beyond anything I could imagine! I could feel my hole
relaxing as Josh continued to lick and suck at it until I felt his tongue
slide right up inside of me! Now his tongue was licking out the inside of
my ass! A man was eating out my butt and I was moaning like a cheap slut
and pushing down with my muscles to give him as much access to my inner
reaches as I could!

"Ahh! Fuck, yeah! Eat out my stinking butt! Suck on my raunchy ass, man!
Eat that funky butt out!" I moaned out as Josh continued to do just as I
requested.

Suddenly, I realized that I had this 'itch' up my ass! As his tongue fucked
in and out of my hole like a wet little cock, I had the overwhelming desire
to have something longer and thicker up my ass. For the first time in my
life, I understood and felt the desire to take another man's cock in my ass
and be fucked!

I had the desire, but I didn't know how to ask Josh to do this to me. In
some ways, I was still fearful of the idea, especially after seeing the
length and, more importantly, the width of Josh's organ! I wasn't sure if
my little hole could take having that hefty mantool shoved up it! So I lay
there moaning and thrashing around the bed as I enjoyed Josh's oral rape of
my butt.

Finally, I guess Josh's tongue got tired because he moved up until he was
running his nose up the length of my cock all the way to my foreskin
covered cockhead. He grabbed hold of my cock with his hand and pulled it
away from my abs so that it was standing straight up in all it's horny
glory! He poked his nose into the ruffled skin which covered the head and
sniffed deeply. I knew what he smelled there - the stench of dirty cock,
the reek of ripe cock cheese. Just like I'd smelled on his cock. From the
deep whiffs of the ripeness that he was taking, I could tell that Josh
loved the smell of dirty cock as much as I did!

Josh pulled down on the skin, revealing my leaking, wet cockhead and
finally my crud encrusted under-flange filled with aromatic cheese. Josh
filled his lungs with a deep whiff of the scent and then began licking the
white coating from my cock, mewling in this throat as he tasted and
swallowed all of my cock debris. His rasping tongue against the sensitive
flange of my cockhead was driving me crazy! I moaned and cried out in my
ecstacy as he continued to work his tongue up to the head of my cock,
licking from it all the sweet cock honey he could find there.

I was not prepared for what he did next! Without any apparent discomfort,
Josh literally swallowed my cock all the way until his nose was buried in
my fragrant pubes - the head of my cock literally being massaged by the
muscles of his throat! I'd heard of 'blow-jobs' and even had heard of 'deep
throating' but I now understood exactly what those terms meant! They meant
HEAVEN!!! My cock had never felt anything like the heat and wetness of
Josh's mouth and throat. I thought I would cum the moment he swallowed
me. But Josh was too expert to allow that to happen. He merely pulled back
slightly until his fingers could wrap around the base of my cock where they
tightened into a vice, not allowing me to cum.

Josh worked on my cock, sliding it in and out of his throat, tonguing the
head and shaft and generally giving me the greatest feelings I had ever had
in my life up until that point. He was truly expert in his ministrations,
bringing me right to the point of cumming and then backing off and letting
the urge die down, only to built it back up again. He must have done that
three or four times and I was begging him to let me cum! I all but had
tears in my eyes, I wanted to get off so bad! But Josh wouldn't listen to
my pleas. Instead, he withdrew his mouth from my cock entirely and moved
back up over me so that his body was laying on top of mine, our two cock
dueling with each other like swords between our abs.

"Now that you've seen and felt how it's done, why don't you try it? I'll
bet you're real hungry to taste a man's cock - my cock!" Josh growled low
in my ear as he flicked his tongue in and out of it.

"God, yes! I want to suck your cock!" I said.

Josh rolled off me and onto his back. His magnificent cock rose from his
dark pubic hairs and pawed the air at a 45 degree angle to his body. I slid
down beside him and leaned over his groin. I took his throbbing hardness
into my hand and slid back the foreskin until the wet, raspberry colored
head of his cock appeared. I reached out my tongue and tasted his cock
honey. It was stronger and saltier than my own but the flavor was one that
I instantly was addicted to. I kept lapping it up as his cock belched forth
more and more.

Finally, I opened my mouth and surrounded the head of his cock, eager to
trap and drink all that he had to give me. I somehow knew to be careful of
my teeth on his tender organ and covered them with my lips as I began to
sink farther down and allow his cock to enter deeper into my sucking
mouth. I tried, like most first-time cocksuckers, to take too much at
once. The head of his cock hit the back of my throat and triggered my gag
reflex. I came off his cock coughing and sputtering.

"Don't try to take it all at once. You may not be able to take it
all. Don't worry about it. What you were doing felt great. Just keep doing
that." Josh comforted me as I regained my composure.

But I wanted it all! I wanted to be able to take his cock down my throat as
he had mine. It didn't matter that Josh obviously had much more experience
than I did in man to man sex, I wanted to do what he had done. I knew that
to be a truly accomplished cocksucker, I needed to learn this. I went back
down on his cock slowly and when the head of his cock hit the back of my
throat, I stopped. I let it rest there for a while until my throat became
used to the idea of a cock being there. Then I moved forward and inched his
cock very slowly into my throat. The urge to swallow came and so I
did. And, as I did, more of his cock slid into my throat until my nose was
also pressed into his musky pubic hairs. It was a marvelous feeling to have
his thick cock down inside me and to also smell the dried piss, cum and
sweat which made his pubic bush such an aromatic playground for my nose.

I moved back off his cock, remembering to let my tongue move against his
shaft and that very sensitive place where the head of his cock had a slight
indentation. I moved back down his cock, this time steadily taking all of
it deep inside me with no gagging at all. I was overjoyed and very proud of
myself as I heard Joshua moan deeply at what my mouth was doing to him. I
was giving him the same pleasure that he had given me!

But, of course, I didn't have the experience that Josh did so that as he
reached orgasm, I wasn't able to tell in time to back off. Instead, I heard
Josh's voice moaning and telling me he was about to cum. I couldn't
understand at first why he was telling me this! Did he think I was going to
pull off? Not drink his cum? But I wanted to drink his cum! I wanted that
more than anything else in the world at that moment! I wanted to drink down
every bit of his male essence.

What I didn't realize was how much of it there was going to be! It is one
thing to see cum spattered all over your chest and stomach - there's lots
of room there. But to have that same amount spraying into the small cavity
of your mouth, which is already almost filled by cock, is a whole different
thing! The first jet of cum from Josh's cock hit the back of my throat so
hard that I thought I was going to bruise it. It also was of such
proportion that it filled my mouth completely. Not realizing that another
just as big was already on it's way, I didn't think to start swallowing
immediately. This was a mistake! With the second volley, my mouth couldn't
contain all of the viscous fluid and now I didn't know what to do with
it. I tried to swallow, but by that time the third volley was beginning to
hit and I was trying to gulp down more cum that I knew how to take. Instead
of swallowing it - I ended up coughing and spraying all the cum in my mouth
all over Josh's pubic hair and stomach!

Tears were rolling from my eyes as I tried to keep up with the subsequent
shots of cum and I did manage to get most of it down. I don't know how many
shots there were - at least ten or twelve - before Josh was done. I held on
until his cock was drained of cum and began to soften and then I went after
all of the cum I had sprayed on his crotch. I sucked through the pubic hair
getting all that I could and moved up to his tight abs where more of the
white fluid was. Josh lay there moaning as I tried to make up for my
inexperience.

"I'm sorry." I said quietly.

He reached for me and pulled me up into his arms. He kissed me passionately
and tasted his own cum in my mouth.

"For what? It was fantastic! Except at the end, I'd have never known you
haven't been sucking cock your whole life!" Josh smiled at me.

I knew he was saying that to make me feel better, but I had gotten him off!
My first satisfied lover! I had gotten another man off! That indeed made me
feel like a man. Just like Josh had promised he'd make me.

"Now are you ready to become a man?" Josh asked.

My mind reeled. I thought I'd already done that? What the fuck is he
talking about??? And then I remembered. I had gotten Josh off, I hadn't
come myself! Oh, so it was unloading my jizz down his throat that would
finally take away my virginity! Yeah, that seemed more like it!

"Fuck, yeah!" I answered him, grinning up into his smiling face.

Josh started pulling me up and told me to kneel over him with my knees in
his armpits. He told me to grab the headboard of the bed and "just hang
on!". I followed his directions and found my cock pointed directly at his
mouth. He opened it and I slid my hard cock into the warm wetness of his
mouth. Josh started working on my cock and the incredible feelings of his
suction and his tongue started again. I wanted to feel his mouth on my cock
for hours but knew I'd be lucky to last minutes as horny as I was.

In this new position, however, I had much more freedom of movement. I
suddenly felt the urge to thrust my hips forward and drive my cock down
Josh's sucking throat. As I did so, Josh moaned.  As I pulled back, afraid
I had hurt him, he looked up at me, his eyes burning with lust.

"Yeah, stud! Fuck my face! Jam that fucking cock down my throat!" he urged
me on and then put his cock back around my cock.

I didn't have to be told twice! I started fucking his face with everything
I had! I pumped my cock in and out of his sucking mouth trying to jam my
cock as far down his throat as I could. Jacking off had never felt like
this! I wanted to do this all night long, but all too soon I could feel the
tingle in my balls that told me I was about to shoot my first load down
another man's throat. I screamed out my orgasm as bolt after bolt of my cum
shot into Josh's throat and down his gullet.

"Fuck! Yeah! Suck my cock! You got it cocksucker! Eat my cum!!! I'm
CUMMMINNNGGG!!!" I screamed as I held onto the headboard of the bed for
dear life.

I was limp with the draining effort of my orgasm and Josh helped me to lay
down again in his arms. He leaned down to kiss me and let some of my cum,
which he had saved in his mouth, drool slowly into mine. I was used to
tasting my own cum, having eaten it many times. But eating it out of Josh's
mouth was a much more erotic experience.

We lay there kissing and making out and it wasn't too long before my cock
was as hard as a rock again! Being sixteen has the advantage and the curse
of being constantly horny. Josh didn't seem to mind because his cock was
soon as hard as mine. It was then that Josh introduced me to the joys of
mutual ass-licking and cocksucking.

We ate out each other's asses and then sucked each other's cock in the
classic 69 position. It was incredible to feel your ass being eaten while
you were sniffing and sucking on a butt at the same time. The sensory
stimulation was overwhelming! And then when we swallowed each other's
cocks, it was like we became one person. My cock buried in his throat, his
cock buried in mine - impossible to tell where one body started and the
other stopped. And drinking cum from a guy's cock while shooting your load
into his seems almost like sucking your own cock!

It was after this second orgasm that Josh turned to me.

"Usually, after a guy cums, the body has a reaction that makes you need to
piss. Gotta piss, Mike?" he asked, a twinkle in his eye.

"Oh! Fuck, yeah!" I answered eagerly.

I knew what was coming! Yes, I needed to piss and evidently so did
Josh. But we weren't just going to piss! If I was lucky, I was going to get
Josh to piss all over me! He was going to fulfill my fantasy of having a
guy's hot, steamy yellow piss covering my body. We headed to the bathroom
together, Josh's arm across my shoulder.

"Yeah, buddy. I think we can make this the most memorable piss of your
life!" he said as he walked me into the bathroom and pulled me into the
bathtub.

We stood there in the tub and Josh once again took me into his arms and
kissed me. His warm, wet mouth that I had cum in twice already, was so
delicious, so erotic as I tasted it and he tasted mine. I sucked on his
tongue and was lost in the touch, the feel, the scent of him. I knew
somewhere inside me that I would only have this one night with him - but it
would be a night I will remember until the day I die.

"So, how do you want this, Mike?" he asked.

"I don't know. I've never done this before." I said.

"Well, I have, lots of times. I tell you what, why don't you sit down in
the tub and rest against the back of it. I'll stand above you and piss on
you. Where do you want it?" he asked.

"All over me! I want to be drenched in your piss!" I said, sitting in the
tub as he had instructed.

"Ok, stud! Get ready, here it comes!" Josh said.

He took his half-hard cock and milked it for a few seconds. I had my cock
in my hand, already hard again and waiting. I saw Josh close his eyes and
heard him grunt and then I saw the golden piss begin to shoot from his
cock.

The first blast of piss hit me square in the chest. It was hot but didn't
smell very strong. Josh began letting the stream of his piss drift down my
chest and abs until he was pissing his strong stream against my cock and
balls. My cock got instantly hard at this and it felt so fucking good!  He
moved the stream back up my body and moved it until he was pissing on my
neck and then my chin. I knew from the way he was doing this, slowly, that
the decision was mine to make. I made it. I opened my mouth and began to
allow his piss to flow into it.

It didn't taste bad at all. Not even a salty as my own piss had been when I
tasted it. I started to swallow the golden liquid which caused my mouth to
close and the piss to hit my lips and fly all over the place. At this, Josh
moved his piss stream up until he was pissing in my hair, getting it
drenched in his piss. As soon as I opened my mouth again, he brought the
stream back down and pissed in it again. I was dripping in Josh's piss and
my cock was so hard, it was like I never came the first two times!

As his piss stream began to slow, he moved forward until his cockhead was
in my mouth and I was drinking the last of his piss straight from the
source. I was moaning around his cock and swallowing his piss when the next
thing I knew, I started shooting cum out of my cock like I was pissing
myself! I shot a huge load of cum all over my chest and stomach while I
drank down the last of Josh's piss. I continued to nurse on his cockhead,
even after the piss stopped flowing. He finally pulled it from my lips and
I looked up into his sparkling green eyes.

"I'd say that you really liked that, buddy!" he smiled at me.

"Fuck, yeah! That was the greatest! I didn't expect to get off that way but
it felt so wonderful!" I admitted to him.

"Well, now that you've gotten off again, do you think you might have some
piss for your buddy Josh?" he asked, a huge grin growing on his face.

Piss for Josh? Was I hearing right? This fucking gorgeous stud wanted me to
piss on him now?! I could hardly believe my ears!

"Fuck, yeah! Are you sure?" I asked.

"Fuckin' A right I'm sure!" Josh said. "You ain't the only one who gets off
on gettin' wet down with a man's piss!" he informed me.

We traded places. Josh sat down in the tub and relaxed while I stood
between his legs and tried to get my cock to relax enough to piss. It
wasn't easy at first. Sure, I'd pissed with other guys around before, but
not with one looking right up at me and waiting for me to piss on him! And
I had to piss - BAD! But as bad as I had to piss, I just couldn't seem to
relax enough to do it.

"Take your time, buddy. I know this is your first time. Just relax. Close
you're eyes and think about standing in front of a urinal." Josh's low,
soothing voice told me.

I closed my eyes and thought about standing at one of the urinals in the
boys gym at school.  Suddenly I felt the muscles shift and relax and I felt
the piss begin to flow through my cock. I instantly opened my eyes so that
I could watch myself piss on Josh's gorgeous, muscular body. I hit his abs
first and then pointed my stream down to his cock and balls, soaking his
hairy bush and nut-sack. I next moved the stream up his body to his chest
and then I saw him looking at me and he opened his mouth wide. I knew then
that he wanted to drink my piss like I'd drunk his.

I moved the stream up to his mouth and he began swallowing my piss as it
flowed in an arc from my cock to his mouth. He seemed to be able to swallow
without closing his mouth. I thought to myself that I was going to have to
get him to teach me that trick later! He motioned with his hand to move
closer and I did until his mouth gobbled my pissing cock and he drank the
rest of my golden nectar straight from my pissing cockhead.

It was a strange feeling, once my pissing cock was in his mouth. I could
still feel the piss flowing through my cock from my bladder, but I could no
longer feel it coming out the piss-slit in my cock. Josh continued to drink
until I unloaded all the piss I had into his thirsty mouth. Then he stood
up and pulled me to him. He pressed our piss-slick bodies together and he
pressed his mouth to mine in a passionate kiss. What I didn't realize was
that he was still holding some of my piss in his mouth and he shared it
with me! We drank down this last bit of my golden juice, both of us moaning
into each other's mouths.

"Well, how'd you like that, buddy?" Josh asked me as he broke the kiss but
we still stood there, our arms around each other's wet body.

"That was the greatest, Josh! You gotta teach me how you swallow without
closing your mouth!"  I said.

"Well, I'd be glad to. You know what! I think I need to go out and pick us
up some beer. I ain't had a real 'piss party' in a long time and you're
just about the most fun I've had in forever! What do you say? Wanna get
drunk and piss on each other all night long?" he asked.

"Fuck! You bet I do! But I'd like to suck your cock some more, too." I
said, somewhat shyly.

"Buddy, you can suck my cock, eat my ass, do anything you want! 'Course, I
hope you'll let me suck a few more loads out of that cock of yours, too!"
he said, grinning at me.

I smiled back.

So that's what we did. Josh went out and bought us a case of beer and we
sat there all night, sucking down brews, pissing on and in each other and
sucking each other's cocks and asses! I think I came at least six more
times that night. For someone who was a virgin - this was just about the
best 'Cumming Out' party there ever was!

The End of Chapter One - MARINE HERO

If you liked the story, write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you'd like to
read more of my stories, I'd be glad to send you a listing of all my
stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post them) - just ask for the "story
list".

I also have a NOTIFY LIST for readers who want to know when I post
stories. If you would like to be on it, just write and request to be added.

I now had a "blog" (a web-log) where I put my thoughts about life and
everything else. You can access it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

And if you did like the story - please consider making a donation to the
NIFTY website to keep it running and FREE!

Thanks,

RimPig