Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 23:14:29 -0500
From: Paul K
Subject: Helping out my Chief Part 2

Chief Baker and I both needed a rest after that hot blowjob I gave the
chief.  I could tell by the smile on his face that he wanted more and my
asshole wanted more as well.  I stared at his beautiful body as he laid on
the bed holding me and kissing my neck.  I closed my eyes with delight as he
moved his hands slowly across my chest.

"You had better stop that or I will have to attack you." I said as I kissed
his neck this time.

"Oh really" he said as he grabbed my tit a little harder.

"Hey that is not fair" I screamed a fake protest.  In fact it was making my
eight inches come to attention.  He moved his fingers slowly down my body
and bypassed my dick and balls and spread my legs to feel my hole.  It was
tight and gave him some resistance.  He moved his finger back to his mouth
and wet it once again and slid it back into my hole.  This time it was nicer
to that big thick finger as it gently probed my tight hole.

"Ooooh that feels good." I said as I wiggled under his touch.  I moaned
again as he pushed his finger in farther.

"You need some saliva in there." he said as he moved over my body.  I saw
his big dick get hard and his hot asshole was inches from my mouth.  As he
slowly moved his head and ass down to meet my mouth and dick - we both began
to suck each other at the same time.  We both moaned as the inches slid down
our throats.  At this angle it was very hard for me to breath but I relaxed
and took more of him in my mouth.  Seconds later, he pulled out of my mouth
and moved a bit forward and began to lick my balls and slowly moved farther
down.  My legs spread like warm butter as his tongue greeted my hole and
dove in with all of his might.  I moaned and groaned.  It was ticklish at
first then it began to feel heavenly.  He moved off of me and pulled me to
the edge of the bed.  He was on his knees and he began to eat my hole like a
starving man and I was glad I was dinner.

I grabbed his head and pushed him farther into my ass.  I could feel the
saliva drip onto the bed and felt the coolness of it as it hit the sheets.
Again I felt a finger slide in and I was in heaven.

"Please fuck me" was all I could get out as my mind raced to how good this
was going to feel.

I heard a drawer being opened then I heard the tearing of a condom package.
I heard the familiar noise of lube coming out of a bottle and then felt the
coolness of the lube as it hit my hole.  It was so cold that it made me
shake with joy.

"Are you ready?" he said smiling at me and I could his big black dick
glistening from the lube.

"You bet Chief.  I want it and I want it bad." I said.

"I hope so." he said as he grabbed both my ankles and put them on his
shoulders.  Without touching himself he was able to put the tip of his cock
into my ass.  It was so wide and of course it hurt but only for a few
minutes.  I began to relaxed and slowly inch by inch more and more came into
my ass.

He began to rock back and forth and I was meeting each stroke of that hard
cock.  My cock was rock hard and I would slowly jack myself off and then I
stopped not wanting to cum anytime soon.

He took my left foot and moved it to his mouth and I felt his hot mouth
sucking on my toes.  He chewed on my big toe and I moaned from be pleasured
at two parts of my body.  He moved over to the other foot and began to
slobber all over it and I was happy.

He leaned forward and french kissed me and I could feel his tongue deep into
my throat.  I had to breath through my nose because he was too overwhelming
with his tongue in my mouth.

Next he pulled out of my and told me to get my hands and knees and do my
favorite position next to the T pattern.  I loved feeling a hard cock slam
into my ass and loved to get it slapped.  Once I had this guy fuck me and he
kept grabbing my shoulders and pulling me closer to him.  It felt so great
having all of those inches in my ass and I knew I didn't want to cum yet.

We tried the T position where he laid on his side and slid his hot cock into
my ass.  I had to lift both legs so he could get in there.

"Oh yeah - you sure do have a hot ass." He said he kept pounding away.

"Thanks Chief.  I have been wanting this to happen all night long. I also
want to eat your load again.  It was so sweet."  I said smiling.

"No problem. I want to eat yours as well." he said as he began to rock back
and forth again.  He began to ram that cock so far I began to think he was
never going to stop.

"Have you eaten cum before Chief?" I wondered.

"Yes but that will be a story I tell you another time. You wouldn't believe
me if I told you now."  he said as he closed his eyes and began to slow down
a bit.

"Ahhhhh geez.  You got me so close." I said as he grabbed my dick and began
to jack me off.

"Make sure you let me know - I want your cum hitting the back of my throat."
he said as he moved on his back.  I climbed up on top of him and sat on his
huge cock and I went all the way down to his pubes.  He moaned and so did I
as he grabbed my cock and continued jacking me off.

"Yes that is it - just like that.  Ohh I am getting closer." I moaned again
as I went up and down on his cock quickly.  He opened his mouth and I pulled
off of him and slammed my cock into his mouth.  Seconds later I was filling
his mouth with my hot load. He moved his tongue all around my head and I
shook from pure joy as my first burst hit his throat.  He slowly pulled most
of my cock out of his mouth except for the tip and he opened his mouth so I
could see the rest of the burst hitting his tongue and throat.  He continued
to moan and groan as he did this and took off his condom as he did so.

He began to jack off and I turned around so my mouth was directly above his
cock.  I began to sit on his chest and I could feel the coolness of the lube
as it hit his hot chest and began to jack him off.  He moaned again and then
I went down on him and before I could go back up he began to shoot into my
mouth.  I began to suck just the tip as he had done and his whole body began
to shake from the joy of my tongue looped around his cock to make sure I had
every drop.

I laid back down into his arms and again we slowly drifted to sleep.

"You can fuck me the next time." the Chief told me as he moved to his side
and begged me to lay next to him like spoons.  My still hard cock began
probing.

"I can't wait.  I want you now." I said as I began to feel his tight hole.

"Gimme another break ok baby? he said that he grabbed me and held me and
then put his arm on his side and closed his eyes.

**********MORE TO CUM :) EMAIL ME WITH YOUR THOUGHTS.....

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2001 10:58:09 -0500
From: Paul K
Subject: Helping Out My Chief

I am a sergeant in the Air Force and I was moving to my new position at the
base and I had no idea of what to expect.  I have been in the Air Force for
over 18 years and I was planning on retiring in a few years.  I was only 36,
6'2", 185 lbs, black hair and dark green eyes.

I walked into the office and was able to meet with some of the personnel I
would be in charge of and then I was able to meet my immediate supervisor -
Chief Baker.  Chief Baker was a very good looking black man - 6'3" 190 lbs
and he could have made millions if he had became a model.  I shook his hand
and could see and feel those big fingers in action.  In my mind I wish he
would use them in other ways.  I did my best to keep my sexual thoughts
since I didn't want my 8 inch cock to get hard in front of him.

We talked for a while about what his expectations were of me and all I could
do was think about what I would love for him to do to me!  Luckily for me I
didn't have to wait very long.

As we were about to finish he told me that tomorrow was the yearly physical
fitness program and he said he would like all of us in the office to get it
completed.  I told him that would not be a problem and so I went to my
office to get things organized.

The next morning I was ready for the physical workout.  First we had to run
1-1/2 miles and I ran with the Chief and he and I were able to do that in no
time.  We also had to do push ups, situps, jumping jacks, and leg lifts and
again the chief and I did them in no time.  We were both covered in sweat
and I was ready for a shower.

Since I was here for only a few days, I had checked out of my room that
morning and realized I had no place to take a shower.  I told the Chief that
and he said it wasn't a problem since I could go over to his place and I
could use his.  I thanked him and he said no problem with a smile.

We went to his car and drove the short distance to his house.  I asked him
if he was married and he said yes and told me that his wife and two kids
were out of town visiting relatives.

We walked into the house and he offered me something to drink.  We sat on
the couch and talk and as we did the chief began to slowly take off his
shoes and socks I could see the bright white socks on his hot looking legs.
Again I felt my dick start to get hard as I looked him over and I wanted to
lick every inch sweat off him.  I put my arms over my crotch trying to hide
it but then he took off his shirt.  He had a clean shaved chest and he
rubbed his hands over his pecs and it was pure torture to watch.

"You want me don't you" he said with a smile.

"What?" I said not looking at his face

"You heard me.  I can see that bulge in your shorts." he said again as he
grabbed his crotch.  He stood there with his boner and I could not believe
this was happening.

He walked over to me and as he did he pulled his shorts and underwear off
and his 9 inch cock bounced up in the air.   Seconds later it was near my
mouth and I could smell his sweat and drooled at the thought that it was
going to be in mouth in a few seconds.

He rubbed the tip on my lips and I slowly slid my tongue out to greet the
head of his cock.  I could see drops of precum and I licked them and moaned
my satisifaction and so did he as I went down on his hard cock.

I felt the hard cock as it hit the back of my throat and at first I gagged
on it with delight.  I felt his hand on the back of my head and neck and he
moaned.

"You are a great cocksucker" he said and I looked up his hot chest and saw
his smile as I went up and down that wet cock.  I rubbed my hands over his
chest and pinched softly on his nipples.

His dick was so big I was able to jack him off and suck him at the same time
and he was getting harder and harder.

"You keep that up for long and I will be feeding you a big load."

"Yes that is what I want!" I said between breaths.  I began to suck even
harder and I began to pull on his balls.

"OOOOOhhh yeah, that is it - yeah baby - you are going to love eating my big
load."

I was beating on my dick as I keep sucking with all my might wanting to eat
that load of sweet cum.

I stopped sucking and then I looked up at him and told him "shoot in my
mouth and don't let me know when it happens ok?"

"Ok" was all he could say as I went down on him again.

I continued sucking him for several minutes and then he leaned forward and
ran his hand down my neck and back and slid his fingers into my asshole.  He
began to rub his finger along my tight hole and moaned.

"I can't wait to fuck that hot ass of yours. he said as he wet one of his
fingers and entered my hot hole.

I moaned with my agreement and began to suck his cock even harder.  I could
feel his cock and balls begin to tighten up and knew it would be anytime
now.

I followed his lead and wet one of my fingers and put it near his hot hole
as well and pushed into his tight ass.

"Oh yeah - finger my virgin hole - yeah."  he said as he grabbed my head
with both hands and began fucking my mouth harder.

My heart was pounding and I was jacking off and felt my load shoot all over
his legs and feet.  A second later, he began to slow down his movements and
then I felt the first of many bursts of his hot cum explode into my mouth.
I moaned with delight as he he kept shooting and his body kept jerking and
then he stopped.  He slowly pulled his cock out of my mouth.  He was still
hard and I put it back into my mouth wanting to make sure I had every drop.
He pulled out again and moved back a few feet.

"That was incredible - best blowjob ever!" he said smiling.  I smiled back
and then I saw all of my cum on his legs and feet.  I leaned over and began
to lick off my cum and sucked on his toes and he moaned again and begged for
a break.  He sat on the couch and I jumped onto his lap and I leaned over to
kiss him.  I slide my tougue into my mouth and we kissed for several
minutes.  He lifted me up and then we both laid on the couch in each other
arms and waited for the second round of fun to start.

This is the first part - email me and let me know what you think.