Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu, 24 Aug 2017 09:09:14 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 14 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

--Izzy
________

Chapter 14 - New Year, New Life

December 31st 1986 (0400)

I love snuggling with my stuffed bear. It did keep me on my right side
reducing the pressure on my sole intact lung. On occasion it does get
a little too hot and I must roll over in my sleep. Today was a little
different. I was hot on both sides of my body and I didn't know why at
first. I also found myself leaning to the left side of the bed, the
bear ain't that damned heavy.

A familiar scent filled the room. In a moment I knew the smell, it was
the smell of my lover. The smell of cologne and perfume changes when
it makes contact with the wearer's skin. I knew this wasn't just his
cologne on my stuffed bear. It was the real deal snuggled against my
back. I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck and the
gentle soft snore coming from him was so cute.

I so wanted to roll over and ravish him with my affection. The fact he
was still in his uniform told me he must be tired. The first thing he
wanted to do was climb into bed and sleep holding me, his boy. It
dawned on me, I was HIS teddy bear. I drifted back into a happy sleep.

The sun rose at just after 7 in the morning. Fifteen minutes later the
room was filled with its reflected glow, he stirred. His pistol belt
was grinding against my pj's. The hard metal magazines pinched and dug
into my flesh. He was humping me in his sleep.

His mighty arms pulled me tight against his hot body. I reach behind
to his waist to try and find the metal clasp that held his gun belt in
place. Success! The pinching and unpleasant biting stopped.

I could feel his rod of iron begging to be released. I used the thumb
and forefinger of my left hand to release the fastener and button on
his pants. Then I slid his zipper down. I was overjoyed to discover he
went commando beneath. I coaxed his massive trouser snake from its
lair. He groaned a guttural sound of pleasure as the air surrounded
his now freed cock.

That's when I felt the tiny hole in my pj bottoms created by the sharp
metal items attached to his gun belt. Oh serendipity you wonderful
slut lover. I was hoping when I tore it further, it would do so
vertically. But if it went horizontally I wouldn't care so long as he
had access to me. My hole missed its master. Tam had the only key that
would fit and release the lock on my full pleasure.

I grabbed the tube of lube from the nightstand. I began expanding the
hole in my pj's and lubing and widening my hole for his cock. With my
hand covered in the slippery stuff, I started preparing his
magnificent shaft for entry. He moaned and return to snoring nuzzling
the top of my head. I arched my back so I could put the head of his
shaft against my needy hole.

I released the curve in my spine in order to take more of him inside
of me. I had taken about half of him in when I noticed he was no
longer snoring, and his hips had stopped their rolling action. "Is my
boy raping me in my sleep?" He asked teasingly.

"Several parts of you were already awake. I thought I do my part to
wake the rest of you, pleasantly." I continued to roll my hips,
desperate to get more of him inside of me.

I twisted my body to the left reaching up with my right arm. I reached
behind his head and gently pulled his lips to mine. The muscles did
feel tight... "I assumed you were going to reward me for my good
behavior in my physical therapy. I missed you fuzzy bear."

Tam replied, "Words cannot describe how much I have missed my tiny
baby bear. Your pleasure was in my thoughts. Each moment I was away
from you was an eternity." He caressed my right arm. "Yes, I have
notice you are using your damaged arm. Father even told me that you
played Mara yesterday."

I thought it was funny that they were the owners of a Stradivarius
named Mara. Depending on the dialect and its use, in Egypt "Mara"
could be woman, bitch, whore, or prostitute. Nothing tops the Japanese
vulgar use, mara means cock (they don't mean rooster)... I guess that
means when I play, I'm playing with my big cock. Considering how many
men's and women's legs she had rested between over her almost 300-year
life, that was funny to me.

I remembered back to how that word entered my vocabulary. During
sophomore year our school was hosting a couple of exchange students,
HOT twin brothers from Japan. I was part of the welcoming committee. I
was asked to help them acclimate to North Florida and our school. All
that summer I focused on learning as much Japanese as I could. I
thought I did fairly well considering I was having to learn it from
books. Berlitz is a really good resource, but not as good as actually
talking to people from the country you're trying to learn about. Of
course I didn't learn the more colorful language until after they
arrived.

The boys were swimmers, as their guide I made arrangements to use the
schools training center. The brothers would swim. I would do
stretching and mat work on the upper deck. We were in the locker room,
ready to hit the pool when Hiro started talking about my mara. They
began giggling as they pointed at me. Then Hikaru looked laughing at
me pointing at my groin saying he has no "mara" but a "mame." Coach
Jessup and his wife were their host family. He did a tour of duty in
Sasebo, Japan. He picked up on the insults I had been politely
laughing along with. Later he informed me that in Japanese, mame meant
clitoris.

It wasn't until the coach heard them refer to me as a weak uke that he
became concerned. He stepped in when he heard what they were planning
to do to me. That was when he told me to stay away from them, and they
did not need my guidance any longer. People can suck regardless of the
language. Coach had the boys running stairs for the rest of the summer
until school started.

Tam pulled me out of my funk of remembrance as he kissed my right
wrist and guided my arm back to my side pushing down on my waist he
penetrated me fully. His hand made contact with each of the tiny holes
his gun belt made in my ivory bottoms. "Hamza, will be most annoyed
with me for damaging his gift to you."

"Tam, he knows I didn't care for this color anyway." He was taking his
time. Taking slow deliberate strokes in and out of my ass. Just when I
thought he was about to breed in me he stopped and almost pulled out
completely. Clearly he missed me, and was not in a hurry to dump seed
and run. He wanted to show me he loved and desired me. His hands slid
up my hips then under my shirt.

He paused his nipple play to explore my chest and now covered ribs.
"This is so nice. My baby is healing so well. I must see you." To
drive the point home he removed himself from me completely. Then
rolled me over to face him.

My face drew into an impish grin as I replied, "Have I become
transparent? I do believe I was quite opaque when I went to bed last
night." The look on his face was one of playful irritation. I was
afraid, he admires perfect beauty, now I would forever be flawed. The
doctors did all they could to minimize the scars but they would always
be there. Reflexively my hand was drawn to the wound site.

He knew... He pulled my chest tight against his. "You are beautiful."
He loosened the embrace as his left hand rested on the fabric covering
the wound site. "THIS is not you..." He moved his hand to my heart.
"...THIS is you..." Both hands came up and cradled my face. "... and
THIS is you. Your heart, mind, and soul are beautiful to me. The rest
is just a shell, a very pleasant shell but a shell nonetheless."

My arms flew around his neck and his mouth came to mine. When the heat
from the kiss faded I felt his hand on the bottom button of my
sleepwear. I smacked it away. "If we are going for a reveal, let me do
this right. My warrior has come home to me. The very least I can do is
entertain you." I climbed off the bed and found the tape from the
playhouse and popped it into the cassette deck.

As the Arabic pop music pumped out of the speakers my body began to
sway to the guitar and drum beats, and I began to tease Tamam. When I
opened the bottom button on my shirt, I performed a slow left vertical
split, then released. With the top button on my shirt, an equally slow
right vertical split was done and released. The final button was
opened and I dropped into a deep split on the floor.

What I was afraid would happen the morning after our first night
together happened. The room was filled with the sound of the delicate
silk shredding. I didn't care, I remained in the deep split. My tiny
twig flopped on the floor in front of me. I could see Tam grinning
ear-to-ear from the corner of my eye.

I lowered my chest on the ground to the front. I freed one arm, then
the other from the silk shirt. I tossed the shirt in his direction. I
slid my arms under my chest to obstruct his view as I sat up. I
performed a couple of hip rolls breaking the split and retracting my
legs beneath me kneeling before Tam.

I wasn't sure if he was enjoying the spectacle for sure until I saw
his legs were spread and his thick shaft was standing erect. I slid my
right hand to the pj bottoms releasing their fastener then returned
the hand to its covering position. I returned to my feet, rolling my
hips with sharp motions. The motions caused the battered, tattered,
and torn bottoms to fall to the floor.

With head down and arms still crossed covering most of my chest. I
sidled towards my target, his lap. I straddled his right leg. Using
his body, I let friction pull my little tool between my legs. With my
head and eyes lowered, I extended my arms up resting each on his
shoulders. My body was his to examine, and to own. I wanted to
communicate with absolute conviction my body was his.

The index finger of his right hand below my chin guided my head and
eyes to his. Then his eyes took stock of his boy. His hand traced the
outline of the fading henna tattoo. I told him about Jy's story behind
it. Tam softly kissed the wound site. His hand slid down my body, as
he admired the changes. He pursed his lips as his hand slid between my
thighs removing my nub from its hiding place.

"Jono, I enjoy every inch of your entire body. I can see how hard you
have worked on your recovery in my absence. Everything attached to
this body gives me great pleasure. You are my beautiful boy, you are
not Jy. I have seen you receive pleasure from your cock."

I told him how I had tried to 69 Jy Ang. "He told me you forbade me
from touching him there."

Tam played with the chain around my neck. "Jy does not receive
pleasure from his penis as you or I do. To him it's an extraneous bit
without real purpose, a reminder of his belief he was born in the
wrong body. I may not agree with him, but I will honor his decision.
My actions were not to punish you, but to make your encounter go
smoother for everyone."

The air conditioning on my bare flesh cause me to shiver. "You are
like ice! Get under the blankets my silly boy, while I prepare
properly for you. You should be sleeping under them in any case." I
was waiting for him to chastise me about that. I've gotten into the
habit of sleeping on top of the bed spread, clutching the bear.

He removed my teddy bear from the bed, "You do not need it while I am
here." Then he put Janáček's Idyll for strings on the stereo. He knew
my favorites, he is trying to set a mood. He removed his uniform and
returned to me. I held the sheets open for him as his glorious naked
form slid along side of me, wrapping his arms around me. I went into
the form of complete submission, ass up and tummy down.

I whimpered, "I have been dreaming of you taking me for a week. I want
to feel your full measure inside of me. You are the king of this bed,
and this body."

He pulled me to my left side, "Why don't we go back to when I woke
up..." I was about to warn him it was my strong lung side when he
pulled my back against his fuzzy tummy. Eh, what harm could it do I
thought as he continued, "...you were quite correct it was a most
pleasant way to awake." I reached over to the nightstand and passed
him the lubricant to make his reentry a little easier.

The differences between Tam and Naser were minor. Tam was about a half
an inch taller, His muscles, due to military training were much more
pronounced. While his cock was a tiny bit shorter, it was far thicker.
I wasn't kidding when I said his was the only key that would unlock my
pleasure. Playing with Naser was fun, but Tam was what I NEEDED like
oxygen.

After a fair amount of ass play with his fingers massaging my
prostate. He was ready to take his boy, and his boy was ready to be
possessed. He did something to me that he had never done before. He
slowly inserted his cock and did not let the pressure subside until he
was fully embedded in me. I felt like a chicken being put on the
skewer to spit roast. It was good to be his boy.

He took me side saddle slowly driving long strokes in and out of my
ass. He'd take 15 or 20 thrusts and pause. Just when I thought he was
about to cum, he would suddenly become very still nuzzling my neck.
Then he would continue with the slow edging towards release. The
pronounced veins on his shaft rubbed along my prostate causing waves
of pleasure to clamp my ass tight around its owner. His breathing
became as erratic as my own when he released his seed deep within me.

He was resting his chin on top of my head. His cock still fully lodged
in my ass. I could feel it beginning to soften. His sweat, cum and
lube combined at my happily, cock plugged hole. He felt my difficulty
breathing and reached for the oxygen mask.

I pulled his arm back around me. "My body is not going to get stronger
if I continue to coddle it. For now, your arms are all I need. Please
just hold me for a bit Tam."

He rolled us so I was resting on my right side. I was amazed he could
do this without removing his softening cock from my ass. Then he
kissed the top of my head. He too was struggling for breath. "I shall
hold you as long as you desire Jono, and maybe just a little bit
longer."

We enjoyed the afterglow for another half hour. He was snuggling and
kissing me. I knew he hated the thought of me remaining in the Air
Force. He enjoyed having me all to himself. I hated the thought of
leaving things half done. I signed up for 4 years service. Medical
retirement seemed like cheating somehow. But, that was up to the
medical review board next month. At this perfect moment in time that
was so long away. Somewhere in the snuggles I fell back to sleep.

* * *

At 9 o'clock there was a knock at the door. Fahima cracked the door
and announced her presence as we dove for shorts and bathrobes. Tam
then let her in. She set a bag on the dresser and hung a garment bag
on the closet door then turned and hugged her big brother, "Now I see
why the protocal machine was not receiving his telemetry."

She started applying new ECG electrode pads to my chest for the mobile
telemetry device. "Your numbers are doing much better." She examined
the wound site and chastised me for the artwork but backed off when
she was told Papa said it was fine.

"You boys should start getting ready for the day. The family and our
guests are arriving. Najib and the Gilmore's are here. Reza and Pete
came in just after Tam and the doctors arrived with Magdah and I from
Riyadh. The whole house is waking up. While the two of you lazy boys
have been 'sleeping.'"

"My dear sister you nag as much as our mother did. But, you are quite
right." He kissed her forehead.

She smiled as the toe of her shoe played with the tattered remains of
my bottoms on the floor. "Yesterday Jono, was a setback. You will rest
for TWO days. No gym time, passive stretches and range of motion
ONLY!" I dropped my head as I replied yes Ma'am. She rubbed my nose
with hers. "You did well yesterday with your response. You calmed
Waleed so he could help you. However, you should have called for
help."

She pointed at the bag. "With Tamam's consent, I asked for Hamza to
make you a few things to help with your care. I hope you like them.
Your friends are waiting for you in the lounge." She hugged me again
and departed.

I went to the bags, to find out what Hamza made for me. Tamam stopped
me, he directed me to the shower. Afterwards he let me see the great
gift and the big secret. Fahima had shirts made for me with pockets on
the back to hold the telemetry unit. They also had a small hidden
pass-through for the leads to slide through.

The bag on the dresser contained sleepwear, underwear, and 'swim
trunks.' I blushed and asked, "Does she know that I was using her
bikini bottoms?"

Tam kissed me and replied, "Ours is a small family, it is difficult to
keep secrets."

"Tam, my family was a small family. Your dad had a nation!" Tam
started applying the leads to their corresponding adhesive dots on my
chest. I could do it myself but he liked taking care of 'his boy.' He
would only have another couple weeks to do it before I ship back to
Germany, and then possibly to the Wilford Hall Medical Facility in
Texas for final review if I had another setback or chose to fight the
board.

This weekend we will simply enjoy the long break. The facility in
Riyadh was on minimum manning and mandatory down time to release the
stress caused by the disaster. I was grateful for five days with Tam
and my friends.

Papa used to say live in the now the future is never written, until it
is in the past. Tam presented me a light reddish brown dress shirt
with a tall band collar. Suddenly I was called back to what Fahima
said. "Tam, did Fahima say that there were doctors with her?"

"That would be my fault. You were having such trouble sleeping, with
the nightmares I thought it would be good to talk to someone." Fuck he
brought me a shrink. My least favorite medical practitioners in the
world and he is inflicting one on me. I shot him an angry look. "Jono
it is for your own good. You cannot continue to live like this. You
must be able to sleep through the night."

I understood he was right, but it didn't mean I had to like the
situation. The last thing I liked doing was facing my baggage. The
pain of the past deserves to be where it was, in the past. Hell, dad
forced me to go to one after I heard one of my doctors tell him I
probably wouldn't live to adulthood. Then after the crash, to age 15,
I spent hours talking to one shrink or another, 3 times a week.

The last shrink DCF forced on me was the worst. Doctor, "No just" GUY,
gave me the bullet point refresher course on survivor's guilt. Like it
was some great new concept. I received no great revelations from 'GUY'
then, I expected nothing different this time. I took psych and
abnormal psych at 15 just to get away from therapy.

I dropped my head and told him, "Tam, I'll do it for YOU. I had
trouble sleeping before my parents died. I'm just wired that way. If
this guy has some magic bullet to make the dreams fade I'll listen to
him. If for no other reason than YOU think it is important."

He pulled my head up to lock his eyes onto mine, "Jono, that is not
how this works. Like physical therapy, it only works if 'YOU' find
value in it. I just want you to try." Damn I hate it when people throw
my emphatic enunciations back at me but, he was right and I knew it.
The Imam had been trying to work through the dream on a metaphysical
level with me. I was just getting tired of talking.

* * *

We joined the crowd in the lounge Nessa ran to me and gave me a hug.
Clearly word of my setback traveled. Cal rubbed my head and teased.
"Hey squirt, the hotel was great. I am looking forward to getting to
know you. Just stop scaring my baby sister." Jamaal gave me a bear
hug. I didn't have the strength to argue, I just said sorry.

I saw Doc Connor with a freckle faced red headed nerdy looking guy on
the other side of the lounge. I looked at Tam, "He looks younger than
me." Tam held back a laugh and just shook his head no. I felt
tightness in my chest and a pinch. It felt like someone pinching me
from inside my body. I soldiered on making the rounds.

Reza and Pete quickly crossed the room. Reza hugged and kissed me
asking if I was ready to stay in his guestroom. "I'll likely be in
Frankfurt for a couple weeks for testing at the medical group. Then a
week or two to out-process the squadron and on to terminal leave..."
My head dropped and my eyes misted.

Pete hugged me trying to cheer me up, "Don't give up, you are strong.
You can bounce back..."

I interrupted curtly, "Pete, I often get winded pulling up my shorts
in the morning. I damn near put myself back in a coma yesterday by
pushing too hard." He started to apologize for putting me in this
position.

That was all I could take. "Papa Omar, I need to borrow your office
for a moment please." Tam started to join us, I held up my hand
stopping him.

I grabbed Pete's shirt and drug him into the office. Once the doors
were closed I spun on him and shoved my finger into his chest. "What
happened in Riyadh wasn't your fault!" I jabbed his chest as I shouted
each of the next three words, "I - FUCKED - UP!" My chest was heaving,
"I never should have given that warning command. I violated the first
rule of arms. If the threat is imminent just shoot. Plain and simple,
I fucked up! I paused, and I got myself shot. I did this to myself!"

I went on for quite a bit more jabbing and poking his sternum the
whole time. Tears running down my cheeks, I felt like such an idiot.
"If the shooter had just pulled the trigger the General would have
died. If the son of a bitch hadn't been so target fixated on me he
could have really had a headline." I didn't realize how hard I was
breathing until spots formed before my eyes.

Pete shouted out my name. My vision closed like an iris fading to
black. For the second time in as many weeks I woke on Omar's office
couch. Doc Connor and Fahima were clearing the room. Tamam of course
could not be moved. He was on his knees by my side, he saw my eyes
open. "You frightened us again. Slow deep breaths." He caressed my
cheek, while I mouthed the word Pete over and over.

He called the agent over to my side and I said in a whisper. "I'm
sorry Pete. I must have looked like a chihuahua yapping at a saint
bernard when I was yelling at you."

He laughed and replied, "What is funnier is the fact the chihuahua
actually had the saint bernard backing down in fear. Jono, you sir,
are scary when you are angry." We laughed.

He continued, "There were enough mistakes made that day. I should have
stood up to Fibrin. Speaking of that asshole; Fibrin received a formal
reprimand and put in his retirement paperwork. Both General Mallory
and Donnelly wanted him court-martialed. The JAG and ADC made the
argument it might be overly stressful for you to testify. I think they
are sending him to McMurdo Station to run out his last year." I
laughed at the thought of him in Antarctica.

Tamam clapped his hand on Pete's shoulder. I'm not sure what happened
when I was out, but it looked like a weight was raised off them both.
Pete departed leaving me alone with Tam, Fahima and Dr Trevor Connor.
The Doc spoke, "You know what just happened to you lil guy?"

I began describing my symptoms. He stopped me. "You got excited, you
hyperventilated, and then you passed out. No great mystery here. I
told you before, your recovery is gonna take the time it takes. Even
your body has to follow that rule. The challenge for you is not a
return to service, it is just recovery. I, and everyone else, know
your desires. You need to set realistic goals at this point."

He took my blood pressure. Then he rubbed my head. I could tell he was
trying to figure out how to tell me something unpleasant. "It's not
just your body lil guy, your spirit is hurt. We will start that
recovery journey tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday. That is why I brought
Doc Fitz with me. He's a nice enough guy, I hope you give him the
chance to help you."

Fahima dutifully took down the numbers Doc Connor read off. Once the
vitals were complete she left the room leaving me alone with Tam and
Trevor. "Jono, do you feel like meeting Doc Fitz now? You really are
quite lucky. We have him on loan from the Florida Air National Guard
out of Eglin AFB. You two are likely to have a hell of a lot to talk
about, coming from the same neck of the woods and all."

My thoughts were highly acerbic. Oh joy the Air Force couldn't even
fund a full-time doc. They had to bring in a weekend warrior. Connor
left the room to bring in the newest head-shrink in my life. I was not
amused. I hated shrinks.

Doc Connor and the redheaded stepchild of the medical profession
entered the room. The Opie all grown up looking doctor extended his
hand and gave me a wet fish handshake. God I knew the angle he was
using. He was trying to make himself look weaker in order to draw me
out. He had probably been holding a glass of ice water or something in
order to give it that clammy feel.

"Hello Sergeant Al-Amin, I'm Kyle Fitzgerald. Looks like we're going
to be spending a little bit of time together. I have no doubt you're
probably going through all kinds of gambits in your head about how I'm
going to handle your therapy. Stop. I never put together a therapy
package before I meet the person. I do consult your past physicians,
which for me is a good thing. I know a few of your physician's
personally. My father send his regards"

That is when I made the connection. He had his father's gentle eyes.
My doc Fitz the man who fought so hard to keep me alive so long ago. I
embraced his son and caught up. After a good chat I asked him the 15
million dollar question, "Is therapy really mandatory?"

He replied, "In the eyes of your physician, and commander, yes. Even
if it wasn't mandatory, it would be a very good idea. Jono, you have
gone through a major life-altering event. You need to develop some
tools to get your head around it. All I'm here for is to guide you.
The question you need to ask yourself is, are you healing, or hiding
here?"

I must have had a stunned expression on my face. He continued, "I
don't want an answer right now, I want you to think on it tonight."

Then gave me another handshake then left me alone with Tam and Doc
Connor. I looked at Trevor as if he betrayed me. "Why" I whined, "I
was coping, I was dealing with it in my own way." I was happy to meet
the son of the doctor who saved my life but I just wanted to move on.

He rubbed my shoulder, "Jono, you should know, a mental hygiene check
is mandatory before you meet with the review board. Here at least you
are on friendly grounds, YOUR turf. Even if it wasn't required, given
your nightmares it was a good step." I knodded acknowledging the truth
of his words. It didn't mean I had to like them.

"I do want you to continue weaning yourself off the supplemental
oxygen. You were quite right yesterday at the pool. Be calm and let
your body adjust to the lower oxygen level. I want you to SLOWLY,
increase the load on the treadmill. Dress for temperature changes, you
are likely to have trouble with cold for a while. I expect you to be a
little breathless when you get back to Germany."

Tam was giving me the "broken boy" look. I could see him planning
another wardrobe so I would be bundled up when I got back to Germany.
I was so wrapped up in my feelings of how crappy I felt. Doc Connor
left Tam and I alone. It took a few moments to shake it off, pity was
bad enough self-pity is even worse. I thought to myself this too shall
pass, kinda like a kidney stone, but it will pass.

In the grand scheme of things our quality of life can be measured by
our adaptation to change. It is a string of temporary events that we
have to make our own. My 'now' is turning unpleasant, maybe I can make
someone else's now better. I asked Tam to get Najib and Papa Omar. I
quickly bounced an idea off them. The men liked it. After a couple
quick calls back to Florida, my plan was in motion.

* * *

December 31st (1500) (Meet the family)

Papa Omar had five wives, two of them now in the long rest. I was not
kidding about him creating a nation. When you counted his children,
grandchildren, great-grandchildren, there were more people present at
that house then lived in all of Fluffy Landing. The women gathered in
the house and the men out in the back garden and on the terraces.

I was grateful for my new status with the family, as Omar's ward. I
could walk where I wished. I wasn't property, although Tam did still
like to stay within arm's reach. I was expected to look after my
sisters and my father's wives. As an adopted son they were now my
mothers and sisters to protect as well. Tam's brothers received me
well, I now had even more people trying to plan my future, oh joy.

Tam tried to stay close but he was often pulled away. He was after all
the hero of the day. There was a small gathering of young Hassan boys
in their late teens and early twenties. They noticed me, my ass, and
how protective Tamam was of me.

The boys were referring to me as Tamam's newest European "sharmoota"
whore. I assume they thought I could not understand them, either that
our they just didn't care. The comments continued and intensified.
"I'd love to feel that pussy on my cock." "Tamam has excellent taste
in sluts." "I'd have that bitch on his knees all day long sucking my
cock." Then they got really crude.

I felt so cheap. For all I knew, maybe they were right. Omar saw my
expression as he overheard a few of the sleazy comments. He embraced
me saying loudly in Arabic, "Jono my son, you should be introducing
yourself to your new nephews. Boys this is my adopted son Jono. He was
shot defending our King's honor. Our family is helping him with his
recovery."

I replied, "I am sorry Papa. I will try to talk to all of the family,
my Arabic is not as strong as it should be. I didn't understand a few
of the words they used. I was afraid they would think me dumb." The
boys crawled away, their bravado evaporated.

Omar pulled me against his thobe hugging me. All I could say was,
"Thank you, Papa."

He rubbed the back of my head saying, "I think tact and wisdom has
skipped this generation." He or Tamam remained at my side and
introduced me to the rest of the family. I was welcomed warmly. Later
a couple of the boys pulled me aside and apologized for their
comments.

Papa and I wandered up to the quarantine zone to see Fajira when a
familiar voice was raised behind me. "Good evening Mr Al-Amin or do I
say Banks now?"

"Your Excellency may address me how his honor wishes." I turned and
greeted the judge. "But legally I am once again an Al-Amin."

"In the eyes of my court that was always so." He hugged me and kissed
my cheeks. "Have you given thought to your future, I understand your
military career may be ending."

"Your honor, it's my hope that I may still recover enough to continue
my Air Force career. I hate leaving anything half done. With my recent
setbacks I'm starting to understand, I do have physical limitations
which may preclude continued service. If I am medically retired, it's
my hope to return to the kingdom. My father still owns property here,
and it was his desire at least one of his son's follows after him."

"Jono, I knew your father almost as well as Omar. He would want you to
follow your passion, and not just blindly following HIS path." Omar
hugged my shoulder. The Judge continued, "I have met you once before
when you were very young. It was at your grandfather's funeral. It was
an arrogant hope of mine that you would remember me when we met at the
hotel. Your grandfather was a skilled diplomat. For years he pushed
your father down that path. His battle wounds and your mother turned
him another direction."

Papa Omar properly greeted his nephew. The two men debated about the
course of my life. I should have been paying attention but my
attention was centered on a debate that was raging behind the judge.
Two children, I assumed his, were arguing with each other using their
fingers. Damn they were fast I was having difficulty keeping up.
Eventually I discovered the two men had stopped talking.

I looked at Papa Omar, "Jono is their conversation of more interest?"
The judge began laughing patting my back. He told me his daughter was
mute. Her older brother was very protective.

The pretty girl signed in SSL, "You sign?"

Her face lit up when I replied back in Saudi Sign, "Not good like you
Nona. I not so quick. I rusty" The 12 year old boy was furious that I
had been eavesdropping on HIS private conversation. He barked that his
sister could hear fine. "I am sorry Khalid, my intrusion was not
intended. You should know your signing is not a guarantee of secrecy.
Please forgive me, What I heard I shall keep in confidence." When I
extended my hand he smiled big and shook it (after looking to his
father for guidance).

The judge grabbed my arm again, "As I said Jono, diplomacy runs in
your family. Your skills have been missed on embassy row. Najib was
quite right when he told me that the Justice Ministry could benefit
from your assistance from time to time. Just hold it in your thoughts.
We know it is too soon and your immediate future is cloudy. I know
your destiny is to come home, you belong here."

* * *

(1900) Nap time for the little ones.

Fahima and the ladies were trying to put the little ones down for a
nap. I think it is a universal curse that children will always fight
nap time. I asked if it would help if I told them a story about one of
my favorite songs. The children were excited. I asked Papa Omar if the
Russian Epic of Tzar Berendey was appropriate. He replied only if I
play the song as well.

After reciting a condensed version, the little girls applauded. Love
wins in the end of course they would love it. Then the boys picked the
story apart. Making critical comments. The Tzar was a fool for
drinking from another man's well without his permission. The Tzar was
a slob for not keeping his beard trimmed short. The Tzar's son Ivan
was a dog for hiding the fairy's dress. The daughter was evil for
betraying her father.

On and on it went until Momma Daliyah recommended we just play the
piece for the children. One of the older boys brought me Mara and we
began. I discovered Daliyah was a great pianist. We played Leoš
Janáček's Pohádka. After 12 minutes of play all but one child was
asleep.

Khalid hugged Daliyah and I, then whispered sleepily: "The story was
bad, but the song was nice." The fathers, mothers, and older brothers
carried the little ones to their beds. I loved watching the family
pull together for the care of the little ones. I offered to help and
Daliyah rested her forehead against mine telling me I had done my
share, then joined in the care of the children upstairs.

I did a range of motion on the right arm. I performed a slow roll of
the arm in the shoulder socket. I could feel the grinding. Tam's hot
hands were rubbing the shoulder removing all of the tension. "You need
a Spa day."

"Tam, I just need time with you. That's all I've ever needed in my life."

Tam whispered words of one of my favorite Persian poets Farroḵi in my
ear. "Take off and throw aside, O Turk, this battle raiment. Take up
the lyre and put down your shield and sword. - Put down your weapons
boy! Bring me kisses! All this trouble and strife serves no purpose at
all!"

I was damaged, I would never again be an effective warrior. My beloved
was telling me, like the captured Turkish soldier, I had far more to
offer.

He grabbed Mara and my bow. He linked his arm in mine and we walked
back to his room. He closed and locked the hall door behind us. He
wanted uninterrupted playtime with his boy. He told me that we would
not be expected to rejoin the party until at least 10 or so at night.

In a pinch we could just tell everyone that I was tired, everyone knew
I was weaker and took naps often since the shooting. We set Mara up in
his lounge. Then he took me in his arms and carried me to the bedroom.
We began yanking each other's clothes off on the way. By the time he
tenderly laid me down on the bed I was butt naked. I rested the
telemetry unit on my nightstand.

He took some medicated massage oil and began rubbing his hands across
my chest and shoulders loosening the muscles releasing the knots that
had formed during the day. Everywhere his hands in the oil touched my
skin tingled. By the time he had finished the front side of my body
was vibrating almost like Mara's strings.

The sneaky shit gave a tug on my cock and it instantly became erect
with an almost painful hard on. I looked at him and told him it wasn't
fair. With his index finger he touched my nose saying not much in life
is fair little one. Then he rolled me over on my stomach and began
working on my back. He forcefully worked the oil into my shoulders and
down my back. Then from the soles of my feet to the crack of my ass.

He started working his fingers into my hole. "Such a tight little
pussy you have. I am such a blessed man to own it."

I replied defensively "Tam I'm a boy, I don't have a pussy."

"This is the hole that carries my cock. It is my boy's pussy. It is
how he physically shows me his love."

I thought to myself, if this makes it easier for him to fuck me, who
am I to complain. I rolled my head back and whispered, "Own my pussy.
Take it, it has missed its master for too long. This morning was not
enough. It's never enough." Without realizing my hand was soaked in
the oil I reached back and stroked his cock. It had the same effect on
him that it had on me.

"Jono!" His turgid cock was fully engorged. It looked angry as it
jutted almost straight out.

I smiled at him and said, "It looks like that needs to be wiped off, I
can think of a place you can put it to rub it off. It might even give
us both a little relief." He kissed my lips and pulled my hips up
touching the head of his mighty shaft to my well oiled hole.

He kept my head turned so that he could look at my face for any
visible signs of pain or discomfort. Above anything else he knew that
I had experienced far more pain, than any one person should bear in a
lifetime. I knew he would move heaven and Earth to make sure he never
added to it.

He slowly and steadily sheathed his cock deep within me. I could tell
with the medicated oil soaking into his cock he wanted to pile drive
me. The one thing that was true about my Tam, he had control. With him
sex was a marathon not a sprint. He took his time to extend our
pleasure. As his pubic bush made contact with my ass, my normal grunts
and squeaks were replaced as I let out a soft "FU-FU-FU-FUCK MEEEE!"

Even though he wanted to go harder, he remained in complete control.
He reached around my chest and started playing with my nipples. First
the left then the right. He saw the look of concern on my face as he
pinched the right nipple hard. "What troubles my little boy?"

"With all the surgical work they did to keep me alive, I can barely
feel the right side of my chest. It's all numb. It doesn't feel like
part of my body anymore. It's kind of like a distant memory of a
touch." Fuck, I thought to myself I'm killing the mood. "Fuck my
pussy, own it. Make me feel you, please."

He pulled out of me just enough to get to his knees. Then he rolled me
to my back raising my legs to his shoulders he slid his cock fully
inside me. A warm smile spread across my face as he slowly fucked me
deep.

He dragged his hands down my body reciting still more ancient poetry
this time from Awhadi-e Marage. "Your fragrant wavy hairs are like a
trap, o boy. Your face resembles the full moon, o boy!"

I reached up playing with his massive pecks. He made them dance under
my touch as he continued to pound my ass. I love touching his body as
he sought our pleasure. Each part of it was a masterpiece. Together
his parts formed a priceless work of art. If his body was the
symphony, then my cooing and sounds of pleasure were its choir.

I looked up to Tam's face as I began grunting out unintelligible
babble, "Ugh... more... faster... Ugh fuck!" I was pleading for him to
go faster and harder. It was the one part of my body I knew I had full
feeling in.

"You have such a tight pussy. It holds and keeps its master hard."
With one final thrust he filled my hole with his cum. The feeling of
so much skin on skin friction triggered my own orgasm. Several volleys
of cum shot from my untouched cock. One spasm landed on my right
cheek. Tam swept it up with a soft kiss. He kissed me tenderly sharing
the taste of my love for him.

He rolled to his back and pulled me to my right side to lean on him as
I recovered. "Tam, would you and Papa Omar be disappointed with me if
I didn't fight the MRB? If I just took the medical retirement and
became your boy?"

He held my face, "I would love it, Papa would expect more. He and I
share a desire for you to leave the military. He wants you to return
to school and follow your passions. I know you would be happy caring
for my home and my needs, for a time. I fear you would tire of it and
eventually resent me. The last thing I wish for you to think is that
you are trapped." He kissed my forehead. "There is time to think of
the future."

We drifted to sleep in each other's arms.

* * *

(2100) - A time for endings and beginnings.

We showered, dressed, and rejoined the family. Momma Daliyah had a
plate of food prepared for me. Then she looked at Tam and playfully
patted his belly. Then she wagged her finger in his face saying, "You
can afford to skip a meal, my sweet little boy cannot." She kissed my
forehead.

Fahima swept in to double check my vitals. "You should have seen the
doctor's face two hours ago. Your heart was all over the place. I do
believe he was going to break down the door to check on you. Next time
turn the telemetry unit off before you start to 'exercise.' It will
send a timeout code so that we do not worry."

Tam rubbed his fingers through my hair. "My little sister does nag so.
I will care for our boy." My Tam teased his sister in reply.

With my late meal over, Tam and Papa Omar drug me around the terrace
introducing me to the rest of the family my new brothers, nephews and
cousins.

Just before midnight Najib made the formal announcement of his
engagement to Nessa. I knew there would be a huge celebration of the
event. A celebration I wouldn't ever experience with Tam. I settled on
the knowledge that I had him. For now that was enough. Cal and Jamaal
could see the flash of disappointment on my face. Cal grinned, "You
get used to it squirt." It was as if the couple knew what I was
thinking.

1986 was a year with many endings. Here is hoping that 1987 is full of
nothing but joyful beginnings.

* * *

Authors comments:

I love all the feedback on the Jono tale. Thank you for being so kind.

Mega thanks to Emri S (http://www.nifty.org/nifty/authors.html#emris)
for introducing me to Nifty.

I have stepped away from Jono for a bit. I put a bit too much of Aza
and I into the characters. Churned up a bit of hurt. Thinking about
jumping ahead a bit. 30 years or so... Tam and Jono running a foster
home for abandoned kids maybe...

For now I am doing shorter stories
(http://www.nifty.org/nifty/gay/celebrity/chase-n-justice)

--Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2017 20:33:22 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 13 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

--Izzy
________

Chapter 13 -- A Killer Christmas.

December 25, 1986 (0325)

I awoke In my burgundy pajamas refreshed, re-energized, and very
hungry. I don't know how I got out of my clothes and into pajamas. I
had a feeling Naser had something to do with it. There was a Polaroid
photo on Tam's dresser mirror frame.

I walked to the dresser, the photo it was a picture of me snuggling
with the teddy bear Tam had shipped to me. I had a very peaceful
expression and a smile on my face. I didn't care about how I got into
my pj's anymore. I was however gonna hurt Naser for taking the photo.
I just got 10 wonderful hours of recuperative sleep. I also realized
that I slept through dinner. My tummy rumbled again.

I raided Tam's mini kitchen. There was a plate in the fridge with a
note "You missed dinner." I devoured the contents without reheating
them. I needed food. After killing the plate and the other nibblies in
the kitchen, I was still happy, and very hungry. I donned my slippers
and broke my connection to the protocal machine, after recording my
vitals for Fahima. Then I set out for the kitchen.

I quickly acquainted myself with the main kitchen. After polishing off
a fair bit of the leftovers, I was startled by a familiar voice behind
me. "Baby bear what in the fuck are you doing up?" I spun to find
Nessa wiping the sleep from her eyes. After seeing the empty platters,
she answered her own question, "Hungry?" I nodded. "It's about fucking
time!" She said with a smile. "Daliyah was starting to think I was
lying about your recovery appetite."

The light bulb finally lit over my head, "Why you up mama bear?"

"Missing bama' a bit. You do remember what today is right?" She
replied then asked, "You know what I am craving right now?"

I almost answered with Najib or bacon, but I went with a shrug and a head shake.

"Sugar cookies. I thought I would bake a batch for you and Najib." I
pointed out the ingredients for her as she needed them. I also did the
metric conversions for her. The first batch had just been set out to
cool when we got busted.

Daliyah spoke, "Why is my husband's son out of bed!" She saw the
platters from the fridge drying in the rack. She pointed at me and
asked, "You?"

She shot a knowing look at Nessa who responded with, "A hungry Jono is
a sight to behold, a true force of nature."

Of Omar's three surviving wives I liked Daliyah the best. "I am sorry
Momma Daliyah I was very hungry." She and the older wife both hugged
me saying it was an answer to prayers. The ladies liked how Nessa and
I were always polite when addressing them and offering to help. We
both said it was part of being raised in the south.

The older wife, Naima picked up a cooling cookie and nibbled at it.
Nessa told her, "Ma'am, we know they have no nutritional value. We
wanted to share a sweet taste of the season back home with the
family."

Daliyah bit into one of the cookies and smiled. Naima shocked us both
when she kissed Nessa's forehead, "My Najib will love them. He likes
sweet things."

"I am going to teach her my grandmother's recipes for ghiraybah
(shortbread cookies) and kleeja (cardamom-wheat cookies) at some
point." I smiled remembering my Tamam feeding me kleeja on our first
'date' in the hotel cafe.

The last batch of cookies were put out to cool, and the wives shoo'd
us out of their domain. It took me a bit longer to move. I had to take
a moment to record my vitals and unplug from the kitchen protocal
machine. This was getting old, but I knew it was the cost of being
here. Both ladies could see right through my smile, they knew I was
frustrated.

* * * *

After my morning workout with Naser and Waleed (and a vigorous tongue
lashing from Fahima) the family gathered for breakfast together. This
was the tradition for them when on the ranch. They gathered for first
and last meal and ate as a family. My Papa used to insist on that
quality time with his boys as well.

I don't think it was a regular part of Nessa's life as a child. In her
world meals were something to be done in passing between tasks. She
was enjoying the change, seeing a family living their love, one for
another.

Papa Omar displayed a look of astonishment (and perhaps concern) with
the volume and speed of my consumption. "It is how my body heals Papa,
I am okay really. This is a very good sign." Both Naser and Nessa
nodded in agreement. He rubbed my head and smiled, taking our word.

After the meal Naima presented a small plate with two sugar cookies to
her son. He ate one quickly and kissed his mother. "Do not thank me my
son. Vanessa made these for you." He kissed her forehead.

Papa Omar spoke, "Then this is a morning for surprises. If the two
little ones will follow me." he said playfully. We followed him into
his office. Hanging on his mantle were two red stockings the first had
Vanessa's name written in Arabic script. The other said `Under a Lucky
Star ~ Light of the World'

Nessa asked, "Wow baby bear, my name is so much shorter in Arabic but
your tiny 4 letter name is huge! What does it really say?"

"Only two people in this family, to my knowledge, know the story of my
name. You will have to learn the language or marry into the family to
find out."

I noticed mine was far heavier than Nessa's. Papa made a simple
request/statement, "Jono, you will NOT tell the Imam about this during
your studies." I told him I understood.

Most of the contents of the top portion were the normal Christmas type
stuff. I knew the Hassan's were far from normal people. Nessa opened a
tiny package from Naser half way to the toe. She opened the box to
reveal opal and diamond earrings. The opal stones were arranged to
look like a magnolia bloom.

I looked at Najib and asked in Arabic if my gift was ready. If her
lost "item" had been found. He smiled and nodded, handing me a bound
dossier.  I scanned the contents and started to weep with joy. Nessa
asked, "What is wrong baby brother."

I apologized to the Hassan's for showing such emotion. "Nothing mama
bear, nothing at all. I asked a favor of Najib. I put up every cent I
had at the time to find something you lost. Something I knew you
needed to find again. Merry Christmas mama bear." I handed her the
black leather dossier embossed with the name `Calvin Gilmore.' Her
trembling fingers outlined his name.

"My Cal, you two found my Cal? Oh, baby brother I am so gonna hurt
you." She opened the folder and began reading. I was behind her
rubbing her shoulders. Half way into the folder she turned to a page
with it had large Arabic words on it. It was repeated on the next five
pages. "Jono, what does this say?"

I turned her towards the door as I answered her question, "TURN
AROUND!" Najib one upped me and I didn't care.

The sweet as honey bama' drawl of Cal Gilmore filled the room, "Merry
Christmas baby sister."

As Nessa flew into her big brother's strong arms, I leaned against
Najib. "You know you are gonna have to negotiate a bride price with
someone else now?"

He hugged my shoulder replying in a low tone, "Already done, I have
his blessing. For the record, their father is an ass. I so wanted to
make this perfect for my princess, but his heart cannot see past his
hate. He actually called me a damned camel jockey. Our family has
neither raised, nor raced the beasts in generations."

He opened a velvet box containing a matching set of wedding rings. The
twisted vine pattern was almost identical to my father's ring. "This
was Nessa's request, because you brought us together. If you take
offense or have objection, I will have them redone."

I rested my hand in the center of his chest, "Papa would have been
honored. I am overjoyed, of course you have my blessing to use the
design my brother."

Nessa dragged her Cal around the room introducing him to the whole
family. When she reached me he said, "You must be Jono. Happy to meet
you, I remember you from the news growin' up. It was Jamaal who taught
me the rest of your story.  I understand you've been lookin' after my
baby sis. I cain't thank you enough. It's nice havin' a baby brother
again."

"It was my pleasure Mr. Gilmore. Nessa and I are battle buddies. We
watched out for each other."

"Jono, just call me Cal. Mr. Gilmore was the sperm donor who gave me
life. Hell, I tried to sneak in to Richie's funeral service, he and my
Mom had the sheriff trespass me from the funeral home and family
cemetery. They trespassed me from our house. Got the local Judge to
issue a restraining order to keep away from the `squirrel' here on the
grounds of `moral corruption.'"

"Squirrel?" I teased Nessa. I came to realize although I only had my
parents ten short years, I had probably had seen and experienced more
real family love then Cal, Richie, and Nessa combined. Thank you God
for the blessing of my family.

Cal introduced us to Jamaal his partner of 5 years. I hated that
euphemism "partner," as if their love was less, just because they
didn't have a fucking piece of paper. Cal worked the rodeo circuit.
Somehow he managed to find the only black, country music rapping, bull
riding, Muslim I ever heard of.

Jamaal was outgoing, and Cal was so restrained. They were both
beautiful to look at, a perfect match. "Jamaal has not stopped raving
about your family. Based on the news stories, I thought you was
Baptist till he told me about your daddy."  There was something very
familiar about Jamaal, I just couldn't put a finger on it.

Jamaal wore a woven dark gray kufi on his shaved head. He nearly
buried my hand in his as we shook hands. I learned he was from Cairo...
...Cairo, Georgia that is. He knew my story, his knowledge was not
from just the news, he actually knew my family.

He said, "Mike was a great athlete. I always admired his form on the
gridiron. He was a tough opponent. Wherever he was, you were somewhere
around cheering on your big brother." This was such a great gift.
Someone from my past I didn't remember. He was from my first life. The
time I referred to as BC (Before Crash). The time that was before the
gift/curse of near perfect memory.

He showed me a photo of his family. Papa was shaking his father's
hand. His father was a regular at the mosque in Tallahassee Papa went
to. "You still look so much like your mother. I admired your father
and his service to the community. The Imam and the Muslim community
tried to reach out to you after the tragedy. Your uncle stopped us,
and ordered us away." Our handshake became an impassioned hug like
that of old friends.

Turned out Najib had them hidden in one of the guest houses on the
estate. We talked for a bit until Papa asked us to continue opening
our gifts. Nessa was content with her greatest gift, reunion with her
brother. Even the ornate matching magnolia blossom necklace in the toe
of her stocking could not top that joy.

My gifts were far more practical. In the middle of the stocking was a
telemetry device for the protocal machine. Fahima told me it would
relay my stats no matter where I was in the house to the kitchen unit.
She then told me my last gift in the toe of the stocking and the
telemetry device might interfere with each other.

It was wrapped with a simple card, "I love and miss the sound of my
baby bear..." I opened the package to find a DynaTAC 8000x. I grumbled
to myself, "One does not waste $3000 on a fucking phone!" Naser and
Najib let out a low envious whistle. I quickly assembled the unit and
powered it up. Fahima was right, it did interfere with the telemetry
module.

I scrolled through the 30 programmed numbers. Tam Loft, Tam Office,
Tam Car, Tam Cell, Tam Home, Omar Home, etc. on it went through the
rest of the family. He left ONE slot for me, ONE. I was gonna hurt
that man.

Cal looked at the card, "Jono, He does know a baby bear is a `cub' right?"

"Thank your sister. She had TSgt Sasquamo looking out for her when she
arrived in Germany. His call sign was Sasquatch, his DO in Nam thought
it was funny because of all his body hair. Nessa started calling him
Papa Bear. When I arrived she and Sas started running interference for
me. The section labeled her Mama Bear and me Baby Bear."

The sound of joyful conversation filled the house the rest of the day.
What a great Christmas. The only thing I wanted was my Tam with me.
Each hour that past I reminded myself was one hour closer to his
arrival.

Jamaal and I sat in the corner of the lounge. He said the reunion was
a double blessing, it got them away from their troubles. Cal was just
recovering from an injury on the circuit. As a result of the injury in
a few other financial setbacks they lost their ranch in Wyoming. They
were looking at other options. I started having an idea. I'd need to
talk to Tam, Najib, and Mehrdad first.

I stepped out to the balcony and called Tam on my new phone from the
patio at 4PM to find out how things were going. They were on a
skeleton crew and just about to shut down and hand off to the forward
units for the weekend. He was about to walk into the DO's office for
the official stand down order. "I must go, I will see you very soon."
The whole call lasted two and a half minutes, wow what a good return
on that investment.

* * * *

December 25, (1630 hours)

Tam called me on the 'bone' phone. "Jono, something has happened. I
cannot go into detail on this line. Tell Vanessa, Ben told her to pack
a bag, she has been recalled to Riyadh. Let Najib know this is urgent,
ask him to fly her."

I asked if my leave was cancelled. "No, you have been grounded. Yours
is medical leave. Your duty station is there, getting better. I am
deploying from Riyadh in a few minutes, I wish I could tell you more.
Jono, you are part of me, keep that part safe for me. For now do as I
ask."

I hit the end button and ran back into the main house. I breathlessly
passed on Tam's request. Najib grabbed the phone on the side table and
called to have the chopper ready. Then called to file a flight plan.

While Najib was on the phone I made a call myself on Tam's gift.
Prince Aziz's numbers were 22-24 in the bone phone's memory. He said
my request would be honored. When we completed our calls Najib asked
me, "Would you like to fly as family escort for Vanessa?"

I replied, "Yes, I would loved to but two things are stopping me." I
pointed at Cal. "First, You and Jamaal get packed. You have a family
suite at the hotel courtesy of the Royal Family. So you can spend some
time with your sister when she is not on duty."

The men departed to gather their bags. Nessa kissed my cheek, "I'll be
back. No matter how this day ends, this is my best Christmas ever."
Then she ran upstairs to gather her things.

I turned back to Najib "Second Tam told me my place was here. Medical
leaves have not been cancelled. I can imagine the options are here or
the embassy. He wants me here, and I will obey him."

Najib rested his forehead to mine, "You are a good brother. My brother
made a good choice with you." He handed me a golf foil box. "This is
my gift to you. Please do not open it until after we leave. There's a
note that will explain everything."

Fahima entered the lounge and interrupted. "Najib, all hospital staff
have just been called in for duty. We have burn casualties in bound. A
jet crashed in Arar. Can you take me to Riyadh. I am sorry Jono, I am
needed by many."

I kissed her cheek. "Fahima, I understand duty. I will keep up the
journal." She started to say she would arrange to have a local doc
stop by. I asked her to focus on her new patients. She kissed my
forehead and ran to pack a bag.

When we heard the Bell Helicopter take off Papa Omar pointed at the
package from Najib. I opened the gift box and discovered a credit card
folio and wallet. There was a note inside the folio:

"Jono, I took the money you gave me for the private investigator,
together with your back pay, and opened a bank account in your name.
In the pile of paperwork that you signed was a new direct deposit slip
for your military salary and eventual pension. It will go into the
Bank's New York office. You have debit and credit cards that will work
around the globe.

This was your money Jono. Finding my love's family was my
responsibility not yours. I do appreciate the gesture and idea my
brother. I hope that you will stand with me as a witness for the bride
and later in the groom's hall when we are wed. The wallet contains
your driving license and a local bank card tied to your allowance from
the estate. I am still deeply in your debt baby brother.

Najib."

Papa Omar and I returned to the lounge and turned on the TV, it just
showed local programming. After an hour I turned on the feed from the
big dish. New York was reporting a failed hijacking of Iraqi Airways
flight 163. Failed hell it was broken in two and burning. They
reported it was flying from Baghdad Iraq to Amman Jordan 106 people
were aboard Hezbollah took credit for the hijacking.

The final shot was the Saudi forces securing the scene. The horrors
they must be seeing, what my Tam would be seeing.

Three hours in, the local media was not giving it much coverage. Sadly
Papa Omar and I were learning more from Walter Cronkite. Iraq was
blaming Iran. That did not surprise me, it was as if they blamed Iran
for there being fleas in the desert sand these days. My uncle taught
me to hate the Iranians after the embassy crisis. Mehrdad showed me
that blind hate was just as wrong.

I caught a brief glimpse of Tamam on the local coverage. He looked so
very tired. He was directing air ambulances on a make shift landing
zone. The severely wounded were being shuttled to Amman, Riyadh, and
back to Baghdad. I also saw the faces of many of our Saudi trainees
carrying covered litters, I assumed the dead.

Papa Omar asked why Vanessa was needed. I told him until everything
could be resolved it was likely the base was on full alert. US Air
Force personnel would be sliding into the positions had normally held
by the deployed Saudi personnel. It takes about 80 people to run the
91 in manual operations on a 24-Hour schedule. He knew where I wanted
to be, and gave me a comforting rub on the back.

* * * *

December 29th

The last four days past slowly I was missing my friends. I was missing
my Tam. The ladies let it slip about a party that the family was going
to host on New Year's eve. If I was cynical I would assume that it was
something to distract me from how lonely I felt. Apparently all of
Papa Omar's children would be coming back to the ranch. I prayed a
selfish prayer that Tam would be one of them.

Yesterday, the King asked Najib to help with the logistics of the
relief efforts. Naser and Omar did what they could but I was feeling
lonely and useless. My days became monotonous, full of range of motion
exercises, snacks, workouts, meals, fitness shakes, vital signs, and
doctor's reviews. I was so lonely Papa started letting me walk to the
quarantine yard `alone' just to spend time with my girl.

The term `alone' is a subjective one. If I went outside, security was
watching. I might not see them but they could see me. I know that
because my food and meds always found me on schedule even if I wasn't
where I should be.

Naser took me riding a few times on one of the tan Arabians. Juno (AKA
Habeeba) was being sired, in hopes of producing another white. The
breeding was not going well,  I was starting to wonder if the white
stallion was gay. Then again, who knows what a horse finds sexy in a
mare.

Today's ride was to the far side of the reserve. He took me to one of
the `cabins.' It was wrapped by dunes that were kept at bay by ten
foot retaining walls. We rode up an inclining ramp to the 60's modern
style house. It looked like Frank Lloyd Wright dropped one of his
creations in the middle of the desert. Naser called it the playhouse.
As the boys went to college it became a place to assert their
independence.

The south walls of the building were solid, with short wide windows
near the tops of the walls. The north walls were made up of large
glass pains. I was surprised to discover it wasn't one building, it
was two wrapping and shading a large swimming pool. We tied up the
horses and entered the breezeway between the buildings.

The tall narrow building on the west side of the pool was set up as a
study/office. He opened the door there was a small kitchenette inside
the door and a small bathroom under the stairs. Over our heads was an
upper floor made up of interconnected 2 wide foot steel framed glass
panels. I scanned the books on the shelves, they were mostly classic
Arab literature. We walked up the floating glass stairs to an opulent
bedroom.

Naser said, "I thought about moving out here. It turns out Waleed is
terrified of heights. It is smaller than Tam's wing but it is
private."

"Do you want me to move out Naser?"

"Hell, no baby brother. Father liked the design so much he had one
built in the diplomatic quarter of Jeddah, and he did it again when
the embassies moved to Riyadh. It would be a great place for a student
or an interpreter to work from."

"Everyone is trying to plan my future. I don't know what I want to do.
The point is moot till the Air Force decides what to do with me next
month. There is a very good chance I may be forced to return to my
original home of record Fluffy Landing."

He hugged me tightly, "Wherever you end up, we won't be far. Tam and
father will find a way to bring you home."

He wrapped his arm around my waist leading me into the large building
on the south side of the pool. We crossed the breezeway diagonally and
entered through the kitchen. It was a very large galley style kitchen
with a huge black marble island in the middle.

We then crossed into the dining room and entry hall. I could tell Papa
Omar had his hands in this design, it was mission style furniture,
with beefy, strong lines.

Naser said, "The last people to live here were Fahima and her husband.
Papa hoped that she would have many children, but her husband and
Tam's friend Ahmad died far too young. Leaving her barren. Her husband
had no brothers to marry his widow, so she was returned to the family.
She used her education, to secure a position at the hospital as a
nurse."

We walked through to what he called the gathering room. It looked like
a large living room with a glass atrium. We went around the atrium
into what he called the media room. There was a large projector screen
that came down on the south wall.

I powered up the receiver and started the tape deck. The silky voice
of Amr Diad filled the house. He was singing Ya Tariq Ya Tariq (Oh
Road Oh Road). With each syllable, I missed my Tamam  more and more.
"...O through the hearts of thirsty pain, allow ourselves to forget
who claimed the breeze..."

Naser saw the longing on my face. "You have not seen everything yet
Jono. Come with me." He grabbed my hand and let me back into the entry
hall. Then up the floating stairs to the master suite. It had a lovely
skylight over the bed. The room was bathed and soft cool indirect
evening light.

There was a beautifully upholstered and draped canopy bed in the
middle of the room. I rushed by it, going to the far side of the room
to a balcony that offered a commanding view of the dining room and
entry hall.

Naser stood behind me and wrapped me in his arms. "Tam told me how
lonely you are. He said his beautiful boy's hole should be pleased by
something more than a hunk of rubber. I would very much love to be the
one who keeps you company until your beloved returns. If you prefer
another I can bring him here for you."

I turned around dropping my head into his sternum sighing. "Why does
everyone think I am a child who cannot control his impulses?"

"No one thinks that Jono. You are lonely. Tam does not want that. He
noticed after your play time with Jy your sleep and healing improved.
He wants that to continue. As you love him, he loves you."

"Naser, and what of Waleed? I see how his eyes dance when he sees you.
Does he not desire the touch of HIS man? I should steal you from him
to please myself? Though you hide it well, I do see how you look at
him."

Naser kissed my head. "It is useless to argue with you?"

"I don't see how it can happen, without risking hurt to someone." I
tiptoed kissing the skin between his neck and beard thinking; `Ah, to
live another life.' "You have been one of my oldest and dearest
friends. I never want that to change." Holy crap this was the first
time I ever friend-zoned someone else. Damn, it sucks from this side
too.

He hugged me and swayed along to Amr's singing. Naser began singing
along while he danced with me. This was nice, only one thing that
could make it better, if he was Tam. This perfect moment was shattered
by the clearing of a throat behind us. The embrace was broken and we
turned to see who the intruder was.

A visibly shaken Waleed dropped his head and spoke. "I am sorry
masters. I d-did not mean to intrude. I saw the horses and wanted to
see if I could help."

I walked to him, "Waleed, nothing happened here. I would never..." He
suddenly silenced my chatter by pressing his lips to mine. He also
grabbed the back of my head and sucked my lower lip. I knew Waleed was
only a few months older than I, but he had far more experience, most
of it not good.

Our embrace softened as his lips broke contact with mine. He whispered
into my ear, "I have wanted that since you destroyed my abusers life.
You gave me, a bond servant a new life. He dropped his head and
lowered his eyes from mine. Forgive me Master Jono,  I heard what you
said to Master Naser, how you cared for my happiness. Not even my
family did that."

Naser was so stunned that he collapsed into the wing back chair. I
took the trembling hands of his frightened boy. He told me his father
owed a great debt to Omar Hassan for damaging his property. The father
signed over his son's service, in contract to work off the debt. Naser
confirmed what was said, "Father released Waleed, and excused the debt
for his protection of Habeeba."

"Master Naser took me home, father would not allow me in. He heard
what happened to me and said I was a whore who allowed himself to be
taken. I shamed my family by not dying. Master Naser took pity on me
and took me to his home. He gave me a new life. He has made me so
happy. I know how the two of you desire each other. Just as I know he
has freed me, but can you free a fish from water?"

He continued, "Master Tam desires your pleasure above all. Nothing
will diminish how he feels for you." It felt as if the air was taken
from my lungs and I sat on the chaise. Waleed dropped to his knees
resting his head in my chest.

He ran his hands down my thighs. "I would enjoy playing with you as
well. Not because it would please my new Master, but because I wish to
please you. When you slept with us I prayed that Master and you would
be intimate so that I could share in your pleasure."

I kissed his forehead, as I looked into his eyes I saw his desire
looking back. The older boy removed my shoes and socks kissing my
feet. He kissed his way back up my tiny body climbing further between
my spread legs. He paused resting his head against my chest.

I sat before him like a king on a throne. He the dutiful servant was
kneeling in front of me. I raised his head and kissed his full lips. I
was exploring his mouth with my tongue, while I unbuttoned his thobe.
He stood and his lean body shed the thobe like a serpent loses its
skin.

His smooth light brown skin and firm body swayed along with the
Egyptian singers vocal strains. Seductively removing his underwear as
I caressed his well defined pecks and abs. My gaze crossed the room as
Naser's fly was open and he was slowly stroking his long firming
shaft. God how I wanted a cock like that.

I stood removing my shirt, as Waleed unfastened my belt and opened my
pants. He kissed his way back down my body as he lowered my pants and
underwear to the ground. I looked down at Waleed as he took stock of
my tiny boyish frame. While I no longer looked like and over stretched
drum I had not yet recovered my definition.

His eyes shown like twin polished brown tourmalines, as he looked up
with adoration. He was stroking and kissing the flesh of my inner
thighs. Naser looked on totally enthralled with his boy's service.

I took his hand and after he rose, we crossed to the large bed in the
center of the room. As I covered his body with my own we kissed and
pawed at each other, almost like two kittens playing. Naser let out a
groan of approval.

I had only done it once before with Reza, but I learned that I very
much enjoyed 69s. Waleed's cock was longer than my little wand, but
smaller than Tam and Naser's. As we slurped and sucked each other's
members greedily. I had almost forgotten the third man in the room
when I felt Naser's strong hands parting the globes of my ass exposing
my pink pucker.

His beard tickled as it brushed against my cheeks. WOW! he had his
brothers tongue, I thought as it began savagely attacked my lonely
hole. My hips bucked driving my cock into the entrance of Waleed's
throat. He release his prize asking if Naser's ass play felt good.
"Naser you haven't done this to him?"

Naser replied that Waleed wouldn't let him. "Would you let me show you
Waleed?" He spun around faster than a water-spout over the gulf. He
quickly lifted his legs, exposing his beautiful ass, cock, balls, and
that gorgeous chest I admired so. I sucked one ball then the other and
his hard cock twitched. Then I nibbled at his perineum on my way to
his light olive colored taint.

"My generous Naser sent me to a doctor to repair the damage the
monster caused." I didn't even know that was possible.

Waleed moaned as I kissed then glided the tip of my tongue around and
over his hole. His head flew back in delight as I buried my tongue in
his ass. What Naser did to me I in turn did to Waleed. The older boy
and I were moaning and twitching in delight.

Naser let me improvise a bit as he walked to the far side of the room
to get something. I started fingering the ass of the Arab Adonis
laying before me. I had him suck my fingers before I slid them in his
warm ass.

Naser returned with two items; lube and a small leather strap with a
snap on it. He softly held my cock and balls then wrapped the leather
strap around the base of my cock and scrotum.

As I turned towards him, he saw the look of concern on my face. "It is
just a cock strap Jono. It will help you to extend my boy's pleasure,
while I fuck him with your cock. Trust me?" I nodded in the
affirmative and returned to preparing his boy. Naser began lubing my
ass with finger play of his own occasionally stroking the surplus lube
on my cock.

It seemed like forever but I guess he finally thought I was ready.
Naser slowly pushed his cock inside of me as Waleed helped me control
my breathing. The last thing I wanted to do was pass out. Once Naser
was fully inside of me it was my turn.

I rested the head of my tiny pecker against his boys pucker. It took
no time to get all five inches inside him. Waleed was grinning up at
me like I was a prize stallion what an ego stroke he gave me.

Naser was controlling all the pleasure. He was right when he said he
was gonna fuck his boy with my cock. He would pull almost all the way
out of my ass, in turn pulling my cock almost out of Waleed. Then he
would slam us both back in. I was becoming light headed after fifteen
minutes of being Naser's sexual marionette, Waleed and I shot our
loads together.

I collapsed into Waleed's chest desperately panting for air. Naser
moved himself to Waleed's face and his boy brought his orgasm to
completion through oral manipulation. I hadn't noticed how dark the
room had become.

The sun had long since slipped down over the horizon. Naser dressed
himself telling us to relax in the house. It was an hour or so ride
back. He didn't want me (in my now weakened state) riding in the dark.
He said he would take the horses back to the stable and come back for
us in the jeep.

I pointed at my phone, "Naser, let's just call the house, or just stay
the night."

He dismissed my concern with, "It's my job to care for you both." Then
he set off.

Waleed held me for a very long time until my breathing return to
normal. Well I guess that would be the new normal. He just laid there
beneath me playing with my hair and softly rubbing my shoulders. While
I caressed his beautiful chest. I don't know what these men see in me.
He looked at me as if I was his prized stallion, though I felt more
like a gelding.

We laid there in post-coital bliss for almost half an hour. Then he
led me to the shower. Scrubbing every inch of my body. He looked so
surprised when I started to return the favor. I had only seen one
other smooth Arab man. I knew Reza waxed so I asked if Waleed did as
well. He told me it was necessary for the wound care, that I had asked
for him to receive.

He said, "I enjoyed how Naser's hair tickles my smooth skin." I
blushed knowingly. "Do you like me smooth like Master Naser does?" I
grinned and nodded.

He asked "How often does yours have to come off?" There was a look of
shock, disbelief, and envy when I answered his question. We dressed
and went down to the media room to wait for Naser.

The pool deck lights came on and filled the room with indirect light.
Soft Arab love songs came out of the stereo. Waleed took off his
boots. In my wellingtons I was able to look him almost in the eyes.
Damn he had fuck me eyes. We started slow dancing and he dropped his
head into my good shoulder. Damn this felt nice. I softly kissed and
nuzzled the back of his neck.

God I wish Tam was here to do this to me. The spell of the perfect
moment was broken, as the monstrously large cellular phone hanging
from my waist rang. The tiny screen read 'Tam Cell' and I hit the send
key. Tamam's voice was terse, "Jono, where are you at this late hour?
Are you behaving?"

I answered his questions in order. "I am at the playhouse. I am sorry,
I am not sure I have been."

There was a moment of stunned silence on the other end. "Who are you
with?" I left Waleed and walked out to the pool and brought him up to
speed.

"I went riding with Naser. We were joined by Waleed. I have missed you
so much, and Reza's toys are NOT a replacement for you. I can't wait
to be in your arms again. I miss my fuzzy bear."

Tam started laughing on the other end. "Jono, I told you before, you
may seek comfort from my brother if you desire it. I know your heart
is mine. Just as I know you were thinking of me."

"Tam, are you okay. I have worried so. When I saw you on TV you looked
so very tired."

"It has been a difficult task here. We are all drained. I have yearned
for your touch. I understand you've put on almost 7 kilos (15 pounds).
You must look so beautiful."

"I still get light headed when I exert myself. That, and the lack of
sunlight is why Naser went for a vehicle and left Waleed to care for
me."

"Naser is riding back alone, on horseback, in the dark? Let me speak
with Waleed." I went back into the house and handed it off to him. Tam
had him check something.

Waleed ran down the breezeway, "He has taken all three horses Master.
Young Jono suggested that we all just stay, or call for transport.
Master Naser swore he would be fine." As Tam spoke to Waleed the color
drained from his cheeks. I looked at the clock and realized two hours
had passed.

Waleed handed me the phone. Tam continued issuing orders, "Jono, you
are in charge. Have Waleed look for food in the kitchen." I relayed
the instruction and the older boy departed.

I replied in English, "He is checking. What is wrong?"

"Nothing you should be worried for. I will call security. The two of
you stay there. If Naser does not come, father will come in the
morning. Keep Waleed calm for Naser." I had no doubt he asked Waleed
to calm me.

"I love you Tam, I should have been more assertive with Naser. I am
sorry." He told me I did nothing wrong and I should save my battery.
"I have the spare with me." He told me I was his good boy and released
the line.

I entered the kitchen and Waleed pointed at a pantry well stocked with
canned goods. Then he threw his arms around me. "Waleed, he grew up
here, he will be fine. You'll see." I am not sure if my statement was
for his comfort or for my own. I asked, "Did you checked the
refrigerator." The look on his face was priceless as we opened the
door and found it was fairly well stocked.

I saw the princess phone hanging in the kitchen. I picked it up and
the line was dead. I understood why Tam wished for me to preserve my
battery. Stupid phone I thought! Seriously what good is a battery that
takes ten hours to charge and can be drained after only 30 minutes of
talking. Then again it was now our lifeline. If not for the bulky
contraption no one would be looking for Naser.

It took 30 minutes but the phone rang again as Waleed and I were
cleaning up the dinner dishes. Tam asked me to step out on the deck. I
obeyed

"Jono, Naser had an accident, security found him. His leg is injured
and he has a mild concussion, but he is fine. The horse lost its
footing and threw him. Father is staying with him tonight at the
hospital. You boys stay where you are. Security is on the perimeter
and you are safe. Father will collect you when Naser is released. Take
care of Waleed."

I took a deep breath and rejoined Waleed. I brought him up to speed.
"Papa Omar must hate me. This is twice Naser has been injured because
of me." The older boy pulled me close. His touch was so very
comforting. The TV was out, the movies uninteresting. I put a couple
cassettes in the player and set them to relay play and repeat. Waleed
took my hand and led me upstairs.

I doubted the phone's battery would last the night. I loaded the new
battery and set it down on the night stand. Waleed turned down the
bedding and asked me to join him. He pulled me on top of him as he
wrapped me in his arms. "Jono, you did nothing wrong. You warned
Master Naser and he ignored you. Master Omar will know this. He loves
you every bit as much as any of his sons."

I kissed his sweet lips and asked, "Waleed, do you realize that was
the first time tonight that you did not call me Master? I liked it."

I snuggled tight into him, my body almost feeding off his warm skin
and fell asleep.

* * * *

December 30, 0530

I awoke to the smell of fried eggs and a sexy voice. "Jono, sit up,
your stomach woke me." My eyes slowly opened to a smiling Waleed
carrying a bed tray. He was wearing a black apron with frilly white
lace trim and nothing else. He turned and set the tray down on the
desk.

His muscles rippled and his ass was framed by the white lace border of
the apron. "God in heaven you have a beautiful ass." I blushed
realizing that I actually said that out loud.

He turned back and said, "I am quite fond of the look of yours too my
friend." He helped me sit up against the massive headboard. My right
hand reached out and tweaked his nipple under the cute fabric. When
his eyes closed in pleasure I pulled his lips to mine. My tongue
probed his mouth, when our contact broke he nibbled on my right ear
whispering "Oh my beautiful little man, the eggs are getting cold and
there are no more."

"I get the hint. I'm sorry Waleed. I like touching you so, but I will
behave myself. You look so damned cute in that."

He stood as he pulled the bottom of the apron and performed a cute
little curtsy. Then he retrieved the tray putting it across my lap. "I
used to cook for my father and older brothers, after mother..." I put
my right hand on his cheek, he wasn't ready to tell me and he didn't
need to finish. After dealing with orphans most of my life, I knew the
look.

He smiled lifting the lid covering the plate. Scrambled eggs with
roasted tomatoes, feta, and mutton. "You are trying to get me fat." I
teased.

"Yes, I am. You have been so good to me. I want you healthy again."

He walked away to get his tray, "Waleed?"

He turned back, "Yes Jono?"

"Thank you, and ummm.... Would you, please, keep the apron on for me?"
He blushed got his tray and returned, still wearing the cute apron
that framed his beautiful ass. He ate quickly and set his tray on the
floor. He just sat there smiling watching me eat. His hand crept under
the sheets and softly wrapped around my cock. I moved my emptied food
tray to the night stand. As I laid flat his head disappeared under the
covers.

His silky lips held my rod in his hot wet mouth. He started playing
with my hole as his mouth worked magic on my wick. I was trying to
return the favor playing with his ass. He stopped I pulled the covers
down. "Jono, please lay back and let me care for your needs." I smiled
at the apron clad boy sucking my cock and finger fucking my ass.

Damn he was good, I quickly released thick streams of protein into his
mouth. He pulled his fingers from my ass. My ass felt so empty as he
climbed up my body, kissing and nibbling at my flesh the whole way.
When his lips reached my own, I forced a disappointed look across my
face. I pouted, "I thought you said you wanted to care for MY needs?"
The look of absolute confusion on his face was priceless.

I reached under his apron and held his hard cock. "You made my hole
all lonely, you have the only key in the house to make it happy
again." I reached down and held his rock hard cock. I could tell he
was tempted, but afraid. "I have taken Tam and Naser, you will not
hurt me. You gave yourself to me last night, let me return that to
you... Don't make me beg."

He rested my legs on his shoulders. He warmed the lube as he prepared
my hole. He was so tender, he was afraid of hurting me. It hit me as
his treasure trail rested on my perineum. I held his face asking,
"Waleed, am I your first on top?" He nodded. I kissed his sweet lips,
"Thank you for this. I am so happy to be your first."

The older boy began fucking my ass with complete abandon within 3
minutes his love juices filled my chute. I didn't care that he didn't
stay in me. I rolled him on his back and began praising him, as I
kissed his sexy mouth. I wanted him to know what a magnificent stud he
had been. He was holding my ass and playing with his cum as it seeped
out.

I didn't know whether Tamam would understand why I did this. Waleed
deserved this for surviving what had done to him. He needed to know
what it was to be a king in the bed. Our bliss was interrupted by the
trilling ring of the cellphone. "This is Jono." I answered. Waleed
leaned in, to hear as well.

I heard Papa Omar's voice, "Jono, Naser is okay the doctor is putting
on his cast now. We will be with you around two this afternoon
depending on how long it takes to get him released. Do you boys have
enough to eat? Will you boys be alright till then?"

"We will be fine Papa there is more than enough to eat and do. Papa I
am sorry he got hurt because of me. Please forgive me."

There was laughter on the other side of the phone. "Jono, Naser told
me this is twice he ignored your counsel. He has been humbled nothing
more. There is nothing to forgive."

"Papa, thank you. I should tell you this battery is almost dead, I'll
put the other one on it should have enough charge to last a few
hours."

I heard mumbling, "Jono, Naser says swap the battery and turn the
phone off. Power it up at one or if you need to call out."

When I replied "Yes Papa" he hung up. "Well it looks like you are
stuck with me for another six hours."

Waleed shouted, "Let's go swimming!"

Thank you God for me not living here... "I don't have trunks with me."
He smiled with that damned toothy grin saying he didn't either. "You
want the pervs on security to see us in the buff?" Waleed went to the
dresser and found two pairs of trunks.

Damn I thought. I stomped into the shower getting myself clean again.
Waleed asked why I was showering. "I am not sure you want to swim
through my Waleed semen fortified butt slime." He kissed me and helped
me clean myself out.

When he was finished with me he cleaned himself out. "I would enjoy...
ummm later... what you did with mouth last night, back there... ummm
could I try to do you too?"

"Waleed, are you asking me to rim you again?" He blushed nodding his
head. "And you wanna learn how to rim me?" More nodding. "Who needs
the pool."

I started kissing him but he stopped me. "You do. You have to
exercise. There is no gym or treadmill here, that leaves the pool."
With that the bath and playtime were over. We reentered the bedroom.
He swiftly donned the hot pink swim trunks and filled them out very
well. He handed me the smaller blue ones. Even on the smallest setting
they fell off of me. Has no one heard of a drawstring in this country?

I used logic, one way or the other the boy was going to get me in the
pool. If one dresser was filled with men's clothes I could only assume
the other was filled with female. I open the corresponding drawer on
the other dresser and found skimpy bikinis. No Imam in the world would
ever approve a woman to wear these. Still any port in a storm.

I found the most conservative bottom I could find in the drawer. It
had barely enough fabric to cover my tiny member and my little hole.
My body turned bright red with a blush. I was standing in front of
Walid butt naked while I was putting them on, and I was not
embarrassed until they were covering what little I had.

Waleed went through a few more drawers. He located a slightly larger
bikini bottom. It was black satiny and looked kind of like a speedo,
with a little less fabric. It was definitely more than the thong from
the first drawer. I put it on quickly and turn towards the stairs. I
could see Waleed watching my ass wiggle with a very large smile on his
face. We grabbed towels and headed down towards the pool.

Clearly he had been at the playhouse before. He knew where the
sunscreen was. He slathered every square inch of exposed skin on my
body. Apparently he didn't want to get blamed if I got a sunburn. Once
our sunscreen was applied, Waleed performed a massive cannonball
plunge into the pool. I looked for the stairs and found them on the
east side shallow end of the pool.

The water was very cold on my feet, Waleed was begging me to just jump
in get it over with. I said you go your way, I'll get in the pool
mine. I was trembling he assumed I was cold. He came to me and threw
his arm around me. I buried my head in his chest. "Is my mighty
warrior afraid? I thought nothing frightened you."

"I've always been afraid of the water. Papa never forced me to learn
how to swim. Uncle Jack once threw me into the river hoping I would
learn how to swim. It was Mikaeel who realized I was in trouble and
dove under the water and pulled me to shore. After the crash Jack was
too afraid of losing his only heir to try it again."

"How did you pass water survival?"

"Waleed, I closed my eyes and treaded water or floated. I learned a
trick in the hospital from Chief Duma, during the painful, or
unpleasant parts of therapy. I hated hydrotherapy greatly; either
Chief, or one of his firefighters was in the pool with me. With enough
effort, I could imagine I was anywhere else. I am sorry you have seen
my cowardice."

"Jono fear is not cowardice. You are terrified of the water, but you
are still in it." He pulled me close. "Being afraid of a thing, but
still facing it is the definition of courage. I will not be more that
an arm length from you, closer if you desire. I will let no harm
befall you."

We slowly walked into deeper water. Eventually the water was up to my
armpits. I began walking back and forth across the narrow width of the
pool. Waleed true to his word was right next to me. About forty
minutes later, I was pushing myself a bit too hard in the frigid water
and I slipped on the bottom of the pool.

Waleed grabbed hold of my arm to keep me from going under. His left
hand rested on my ass. Something felt weird on my skin. I reached down
and felt the stitching. "Is there a flower on my ass?"

"Yes Jono, it is a pretty black rose. But not as pretty as your pink
rosebud." I turned to kiss him. He had an urgent look on his face as
he commanded, "We must get you out, your lips are blue."  He helped me
out of the pool. Then he wrapped a large towel around me and rubbed me
aggressively trying to increase circulation. "You should call Master
Omar." I realized the portable oxygen was strapped to my saddle.

I told him to put a towel down on one of the deck chairs and lay on
it. I grabbed four dry pool towels and laid down with him, telling him
to wrap the towels around us both. "You are like ice Jono, call your
Papa!"

"It would take too long for them to get here. Let me borrow a little
of your heat. I will rest and my O2 levels will come up on their own
in time." He was so warm. He held me tight as I trembled and quickly
lost consciousness.

I woke up in the media room on one of the long sofas. Papa Omar was
putting the O2 mask on my face. "I am fine Papa, I just pushed a
little too hard in the cold pool." I looked at the clock on the wall.
CRAP, I was out for over four hours. "Waleed?"

"Naser is comforting his boy and teaching him how to operate your
phone." He kissed my forehead. "He was frightened. I called Fahima she
said you told him the right things to do. She wanted you on oxygen for
15 minutes before we head back. Just in case. Speaking of Fahima, why
are you wearing her bikini bottom, my son?"

I explained the lack of swim wear and how I wasn't comfortable
swimming in the buff, not knowing if security was watching. He smiled
and rubbed my head. 20 minutes later they got me settled in the SUV
cocooning me in blankets. We returned to the main house, Papa Omar had
to drive because of Naser's cast. I fell asleep in the back leaning
against Waleed.

Back at the main house I made a list of things I wanted to pick up in
town. Most had to do with the cell phone. Tam called twice that night
to check on me. After repeated assurances that I was fine, he
commanded me to sleep. I was hugging the huge teddy bear he had made
for me. I honestly tried going to sleep with the stress of the day I
should be wiped.

I went to the Tam's kitchen got some milk and a few of Nessa's sugar
cookies and sat down to reflect on the day. Thanks to serendipity and
Waleed's continued prodding I faced a primal terror. I started doing
range of motions on my wounded wing. Not even a twinge of pain.

I saw her across the room trapped inside her prison. I could hear her
mocking my cowardice. She screamed at me to let her out. Filled with
fear I crossed the room and released the locks on her prison door. I
gazed upon her slender form. Was this really something to fear.

I almost dragged her into the lounge resting her shapely, smooth body
between my legs. I softly caressed her neck with my trembling fingers.
She sighed with her velvety soft voice as my hand slid down her
slender neck to her beautiful body. It felt like my heart would leap
from my chest as my fingers softly stroked the outline of her gentle
f-hole.

I pleaded with her, "Sweet Mara sing for me please..." I said as I
touched the bow to her strings. In my farewell concert I performed
Antonin Dvorak's - Silent Woods. After a few missteps Mara sang.
Afterwards I rested her on her stand then walked over and closed her
case. Mara deserves to breathe, she deserves to sing.

I turned back and saw Papa Omar with tears in his eyes standing at the
door. "Happy or sad Papa?"

He smiled and simply replied, "Both, Jono, Both." He kissed my
forehead, hugged me, then ordered me to bed. Then he turned and walked
out. I curled up in bed cuddling into my plush Tam stand in. The
heartbeat I missed so, lulling me to a deep happy sleep.

-- Continued

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2017 18:46:13 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 12 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 12 - The Long Road Begins

December 19th - Rehab after major trauma is a bitch and I was not
looking forward to going through it again. As if losing 3/4 of one
lung wasn't bad enough, it was compounded with nerve damage to the
right arm as well as muscle and ligament damage.

I awoke this Friday morning to Tam gently stroking my forehead and the
bridge of my nose with his finger. "Sweet boy, it is time for you to
wake."

"Morning Tam." In my still sleepy delirium I had forgotten what it
happened to my shoulder. I reached out to hold my beloved, only to
feel pain like a pointed sharp hot knife thrusting into my upper
chest. I whimpered and winced in pain. I retracted and sheltered my
right arm.

"In time Jono, in time." He kissed my forehead. "Now sit up so we can
do OUR range of motion exercises." I scowled at him as he enunciated
the word OUR. "Now, none of that. If you do not do your work, I will
not allow you to play. If you do your range of motion exercises for
me, I have a grand surprise for you today."

Hmmm bribery, maybe rehab won't be so bad this time after all, I thought.

I sheltered my arm protecting it as I sat up, just as the doctor
taught me to. I knew the tendons and muscles were very tender at the
moment and would require extra protection. Tam sat behind me and
wrapped his left arm around me and pulled me upright holding me in
form. With his right he guided my arm through the stretching and range
of motion exercises.

When we finished the 15 minute routine, I was covered with sweat and
trembling. Tam wrapped both of his arms around me until the trembling
stopped. "It will come in time my baby bear. I am proud of you." He
kissed the back of my neck.

We showered and dressed for the day. Tam handed me my underwear and a
light gray light weight track suit. The t-shirt was loose and not an
issue. The briefs however were a different story they wouldn't stay up
long enough to put on the pants. It quickly went from comical to
saddening as the sheer fabric pooled at my feet.

Tam hugged me tightly, "We will get through this." His hands dropped
to my hips. It was as it I could see a light bulb going on over his
head. He returned my robe to my shoulders and sat me on the settee. "I
will be right back..." and darted from the suite.

When he returned he had a white satiny fabric in his hand. After
unfolding and seeing the embroidered roses on it I could tell it was a
girls panty. He gently held my scrotum and cock as he whispered in my
ear, "I know you are a boy, it is temporary. These need protection."

I dropped my head as I donned the emasculating garment. He pulled my
head up and kissed my lips. "You are so beautiful my pretty boy." I
wondered if they came from a niece or sister. The thought occurred; my
man performed a panty raid for me.

Underwear is underwear, I thought to myself in agreement. I couldn't
help but play with the flowers on the waistband. The track suit had
oversized zipper pulls to put on. I felt like a child, the only thing
he missed were the...

...FUCK!! He got them, shoes with Velcro fasteners. It's official he
thinks I'm a two year old... or an invalid. I quickly thought to
myself, this is temporary, he is perfect, this too will pass.
Apparently I was going to have a new corollary mantra, the phrase,
this is temporary.

When we entered the family dining room, I could see Tam was not
kidding about Reza's mom. She had prepared all of my favorite morning
foods, sans bacon of course. Not in small portions either.

Fahima had my morning meds in a cup next to my juice. "You can take
them orally, or I do have injectables..." She smiled as she delivered
her not so veiled threat. I swallowed the pills and chased it with the
juice.

Down at the other end of the table there was a different dining
experience going on. Nessa had prepared Najib's breakfast...

Najib bless his heart, was trying to make it look like he was enjoying
her offering. For the record, sarma should not be crunchy. She could
tell his enjoyment was an act. I could tell momma bear was on the
verge of tears.

"Nessa, could you make me some of your stuffed lamb-chops and
cornbread or maybe hush puppies and your blackened red fish before you
go back? I am missing bubba comfort food powerfully bad, and yours is
almost like my Momma's was."

Nessa once shared the story of the first time she made cornbread as a
little girl for her daddy. It was like this morning's meal result. Her
smile lit up the room, I knew I triggered a good memory. I ate what I
could and thanked Daliyah. My hunger cycle hadn't tripped yet.
Something was still wrong. I knew it, the look Nessa gave me told me
she did too.

Papa Omar asked to walk in the gardens after breakfast. Before we left
I explained to Daliyah I was not insulting her outstanding cooking. I
needed to make Nessa happy. "She is a good cook, but she was far
outside her comfort zone trying to please Najib."

Daliyah rested her head against mine saying, "I know this, you are
such a good boy. No offense was received."

Later Nessa would tell me that Daliyah offered to trade lessons in how
to make comfort food for Najib, for lessons in how to make comfort
food for me. I loved my new family.

On our walk Papa didn't complain when I had to take so many breaks.
Even at his great age he had more wind than I did. I had to keep
remembering it was going to take time for my body to get used to the
lower oxygen level. This sucked.

On the far side of the garden was an older tiny two stall stable. Tam
and Fahima were leaning on the fence railing looking at a white horse
laying in the sand. My pace quickened I wanted to be with my Tam. I
yearned for his smell and touch. Papa rested his hand on my arm,
"Slowly Jono, he will still be there. As will our surprise."

The horse was laying facing away from us. It was being brushed by
Waleed. Tam stroked my cheek and asked in English, "Did you enjoy your
walk Jono?"

Out of habit I replied in English, "I enjoy every moment I have with
Papa." The filly's ears twitched and she rose. I let out a, "Ooh
pretty girl." The horse became excited, and Waleed backed away
quickly. She spun and began prancing as she saw me. "Fajira? No way!"
She ran to the rail and rested her face in my chest.

I praised and thanked Tam and Papa for this wonderful surprise. Waleed
said warmly, "She has been so melancholy since she arrived. I was
afraid the shock of relocation was too much. Has she always nipped so
lightly?"

"Only light nips? She must like you. Why did you think Mehrdad called
her 'Wicked One?' Thank you for looking after my girl Waleed." I
kissed her sweet face. I remembered how Uncle Jack was so impressed
how she responded to me after the crash. She was my therapy and
workout partner as I learned how to walk and run again. No doubt
Mehrdad shared that story as well.

She pulled back sniffing. My left arm stroked her forelock as her head
twisted as if she was examining her boy. My right hand played with her
chin. "Yeah, I screwed myself up again sweetie." She harrumphed in
apparent agreement.

Papa Omar said, "It seems that Mehrdad did not exaggerate your
relationship with this beauty."

"Papa, I have had all kinds of animals; birds, cats, and dogs. I even
had an orphaned fox once. Though cute, they were just pets, or wild
critters I nursed back to health, but a horse like Fajira, is a
partner that walks alongside you." He smiled in agreement.

As Naser exited the stable Waleed's face glowed, and his eyes dropped.
Naser told me, "Just so you know, you will be doing your walking
together here for the next month. This is the quarantine yard. You
must wash before contacting any other animals." I acknowledged and
understood the restriction. "It will be nice to show others where
Habeeba gets her lines from."

The rest of the Hassan's and Waleed left me alone with my girl and
Tam. Fajira was moving her head around slowly, as my right hand
caressed her cheek. My head snuggled into Tamam's massive chest
listening to the thumping of his heart.

After a few moments I looked at the horse, "You sneaky bitch."

Tam asked, "What is wrong Jono?"

"She is figuring out how bad my arm is damaged. Each time she moves my
arm and hits a pain point, she moves her head another direction."

"Jono, it is just a horse. Don't anthropomorphize the beast."

"Tam, I know to you she is only a horse. But when I look at her, I see
something in there looking back." Tam shook his head it was clear,
though he was hung like a horse, he did not share the same equestrian
spirit the rest of his family had.

He gave me the rest of the restrictions on my visits. I had to have
someone with me until my respiratory system adjusted. I was also
required to stay outside the ring until HE thought I was strong
enough. I really wish he had selected a third-party arbiter who could
make that decision. But he was Tamam, he was perfection.

He saw the concern on my face, "Jono, I know it pains you to hear this
you are frail right now. Let us protect and help you. There are things
and animals in this country that your Fajira does not know. We do not
know how she will react. She is learning and you are learning, this is
a dangerous combination. Obey me on this." I agreed, giving my word.

I walked back to the house holding on to his arm for strength. He was
my rock. With him on my side I knew I could not fall.

We entered through the communal kitchen and Fahima gave me some kind
of fruit smoothie. This was going to become a two-hour ritual. I would
either be absorbing a heavy calorie protein based health shake, snack,
or meal. She just stared at me until I put the glass to my lips and
gulped a bit of it down, then smiled. Strawberry banana, clearly
someone had been talking to Afsoon again.

Fahima told Tamam that she and Daliyah were taking Nessa to market
with Najib. I told her the light outside was hurting my eyes and asked
if she could pick up some kohl. She kissed my forehead and said she
would. She then sat me down and took my vitals.

"Your heart sound is strong like a hammer, pulse is a little high, BP
is normalish 'for you.' Pulse oximeter reading is..." she glared at
her older brother, "...you pushed him too hard." She pulled over the
oxygen dolly and put the non-rebreather on my face. "Slow down, let
your recovery take the time it needs. You know rehab takes time Jono."

She taught Tam and I how to use the protocal machine to check my
vitals every 3 hours I was awake. "If you feel light headed, oxygen
first THEN get the vitals. Father has ordered oxygen cylinders for you
at various spots in the house." She turned to Tam, "If his lips turn
blue, or he becomes breathless, oxygen then vitals."

She held my cheek and made direct eye contact to drive her point home.
"Use the oxygen, when you have to. There are two protocal machines in
the house. One here and one next to your bed. Unless you are sleeping,
I expect to see journal entries every 3 hours. If you are napping that
gets journaled too. No cheating."

"Yes Fahima." We replied. She touched her forehead to mine, then did
the same to Tam and left us.

When we arrived back in Tam's living room, my eyes misted over. My
baggage had arrived and was unpacked from the hotel. They set my cello
up in the middle of the spacious room. With so little control over my
bowing arm, I knew it was a long way off before I could play again,
assuming I ever could.

Tam pulled me to his chest. "In time little one. Give it time." His
words did comfort me. That and the steady drumbeat of his heart. That
sound always settled me.

"For now Tam, can we please put it back in the case until..." He
didn't let me finish my thought. He pulled me up from the floor and
pressed his lips to mine. My tongue flicked along the bottom of his.
He had an odd look on his face as he pulled away and returned my feet
to the floor.

He reached down and grabbed the glass with the frozen concoction and
took a sip and spat. "Only my sister could make a simple blended drink
undrinkable. I must warn Vanessa not to take any more cooking lessons
from her, or Najib may die." We laughed at his joke.

"It's not her fault, she is trying to buffer my stomach from all the
pills. She apparently also knows how much I hate needles. She blended
powdered vitamin and protein supplements within the smoothie. Some
hospitals and body builders in the states do it to." He responded with
a knowing nod.

I made quick work of downing the vile concoction including the gritty
bit at the bottom. Then I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth and
get the taste out of my mouth. That taste made me understand why dogs
lick their testicles after eating canned food. When I emerged Tamam
was laying naked on the bed smiling at me, apparently he was to be my
reward for my good behavior.

I started removing the tracksuit, feeling grateful it was so loose. I
was even grateful for the oversized easy pull zippers. I started to
kick off my shoes. He raised his finger and wagged it at me.
Everything was therapy, even taking off my shoes. I bent down lifted
the Velcro flaps and stepped out of each shoe. Then I rolled each sock
down and off my feet.

I straightened up too fast and the room spun. Tam started to rise, I
held up my hand and he stopped. In a moment the room stopped spinning.
I continued to prepare for him. There were two large plastic clips on
the pants holding the elastic waistband in place. Once released they
fell to the floor taking my borrowed panties with them.

I climbed onto the bed and then up to my Tamam. I sat alongside him
leaning against his furry bronze chest, as if leaning on the chaise.
After I caught my breath, he began caressing my chest, and playing
with my pink nipples then he traced my now very visible ribs. I had
lost so much definition.

Slowly he moved his hand to the right upper-side of my chest and with
his fingertips he traced the outlines of the wound. I must have had an
unusual look on my face because he asked, "What does it feel like?"

I described his touch the best I could. I said I could feel him
touching my skin, but it also didn't feel like it was me that he was
touching. There was like a numb disembodied sensation. He kissed me
again as he started to roll us. I sat up putting my hand in his chest.
I pulled my lower lip between my teeth. "Does my baby bear have a
request?" He cocked his head and asked.

"You have done so much for me. Please let me do this for you. I need
to know, I can still make you happy." I said feebly kissing his lips.
He told me that I made him happy just by breathing in and out. But
still he allowed me to straddle his frame. Tamam was already in an
excited state which made me being on top much easier. To be honest
gravity would do most of the work of entry.

I put the tube of lube in my left hand and squirted a generous amount
into my right. Reaching behind me I grabbed hold of Tam's cock and
slowly lubed it with my right hand. He groaned as he responded,
"That's my good boy." I loved being his good boy, just as I loved that
he was my man.

I was having trouble getting his thick shaft against my pucker. His
hands slid from my waist and clutched both of my ass cheeks pulling
them further apart. "That's it." I muttered. His dripping cock head
made contact with my butt-hole. As it stretched and penetrated the
sphincter, my head rolled back and my arms rested on the bottom of his
ribs for support. His muscles made it feel like I was sitting on a
bouncy house.

I drew in a ragged breath as he took over control, keeping his cock
firmly planted in my hole as I slowly sank further down on it. Thank
you Isaac Newton, I thought as gravity continued to draw our bodies
together. Every so often I would bounce to get a little relief from
the incredible pressure I was feeling inside of me. It wasn't until I
was fully mounted that I realized why there was so much pressure.

My lip disappeared into its hiding place, as a look of shame crept
across my face. "What is wrong little one? You have done so well." He
asked.

"I am so sorry Tam, I forgot to clean myself for you today." It was
the first time he ever took me dirty.

He roared laughing and rubbed my nose with his hand, "Do not worry, we
did not plan this." He rolled his hips beneath me as if to tell me to
get back to work, and work I did. At his direction; I varied the
speed, tension, and angle as my ass thrust down and back up on his
swollen member.

I begged him, "Fuck me my fuzzy bear, own your little bear." He
bounced his hips up to meet my downward stroke. I could feel his shaft
twitching, "Seed me deep my love!" His arms pulled me downward fully
burying himself inside me. His cock released his seed within my filthy
bottom.

I collapsed breathlessly on his chest. My sweat made his skin look
like polished bronze. He brushed the long bangs from my face. "Sweet
boy, there is nothing more to prove to me. Know that I love my baby
bear, as I know he loves me." I heard the hissing from the oxygen
mask. "Now we must make Fahima happy."

I was tightly clenching my ass trying to keep the messy slime within
me. He sensed my shame and pressed his tank top t-shirt against my
bottom. I rolled on my back for my oxygen treatment. He hooked me up
to the protocal machine. It's annoying bleeping recording my every
heartbeat.

"Now to please my very good baby bear, and confuse my little sister."
He parted my legs and laid between then. The bleeping intensified as
he nibbled the flesh of my inner thighs. My right hand caressed his
cheek as he sucked my tiny nuts into his mouth caressing each with his
tongue. His eyes made contact with the infernal machine. He stopped
sucking and released my sack. Long enough to coach me, "Breathe deeply
little one."

He sucked powerfully on my dwarfish rod. My back arched as I caressed
his shoulders. It took no time at all before it erupted in his mouth.
I was waiting for him to make the climb up my body and share my seed
with me again.

I was surprised when he pulled the non-rebreather mask away from my
face and simply kissed me. I was shocked with the fact he swallowed my
wad. I could taste the medicinal taste on his lips, I knew my seed
must have tasted rank. My nose wrinkled at the unsatisfactory flavor.
He smiled, "It tastes like you are healing." Then he replaced the mask
and kissed my forehead.

After my treatment was over and the true vitals were recorded he
carried me into the bath. He paused for a moment at the intercom on
the wall. Pushing the button he directed housekeeping to clean the
bedroom. He then closed the door giving us privacy in the bath.

I went into the smaller room with the toilet and bidet and the shit,
lube, and cum exploded from my ass. Then I straddled the bidet and
cleaned the mess from me. Tam was smiling as he saw the look of
absolute release on my face.

As I finished, nature called to him as well. I rose as he approached
the bowl. I wrapped my left arm around his waist, and took his cock in
my right hand. Aiming it at the bowl, I felt him release and the amber
piss flow through his cock towards the bowl.

When the flow ended there was a single stubborn drop clinging to the
slit. I remembered my Uncle Jack had a crude poem; "You may wiggle,
you may dance, you always get two on your pants." I bent at the waist
and cleaned it off with my tongue. It tasted odd it was warm, sour,
and salty but not revolting. To be honest, it tasted better than
Fahima's health drink. I took the head of his shaft in my mouth and
gave a gentle suck. It was followed by a sense of shame over what I
had just done.

When I stood again, he pulled me close. My head was still down, I was
afraid to look at his face and see a look of disgust on it. He put his
hand under my chin. My eyes rolled up dutifully. He was grinning, "No
one has ever done that for me. You are my great prize."

He led me to the shower and cleaned me inside and out. As he was
drying my body off I noticed the tiny red light on the light switch
went off. I pointed to it and asked. "Tam, what does the little red
light mean?"

He pulled me in a tight embrace. "You heard me call for housekeeping?"
I nodded. "The red light means housekeeping is in the room. When it
goes out it tells us they have finished with their task and the room
is ready."

"What happens if the bulb burns out?"

He laughed, "They see me naked." He suddenly looked down at my
blushing form and stopped laughing and broke our embrace. When I
looked up to see what was wrong he said, "Do not call for housekeeping
until you are dressed for the day." He didn't want me embarrassed by
the staff. I wrapped my arms around his waist, giving him an uneven
hug.

He kissed my forehead, and played with my hair again. "Perhaps, we
will go to Amman's spa Sunday and get your hair cut. Would you like
that?"

He saw the panic on my face. "Jono, you cannot hide on this ranch.
Amman will be overjoyed to see you. Just a haircut. Perhaps a
therapeutic bath would help your breathing. Wouldn't you enjoy one of
Jy Ang's massages and facials?"

I dropped the bath-sheet to the floor. "Tam, I am not ready for anyone
to see me like this. Please can we wait?" I saw the look of
disappointment on his face. "I'm sorry, I know it is just weakness,
I'm afraid. Let me ask Nessa to trim it back and we can go next week.
Please Tam, I am just not ready."

His arms crushed my naked frame to his chest. "Next week then. Jono,
you are weak physically, for now. You have a strong giant spirit. You
must rediscover that spirit." He kissed me again.

He knew my spirit, was as damaged as my flesh. Naveed and the
Bulgarian still haunted my dreams. The last good night's sleep I had
was my 3 week coma. He knew I was living on cat naps. The doctor
advised against the use of sedatives. The specialists were concerned
about stress and the use of sedatives triggering a second coma.

* * * *

That night Nessa and Daliyah served their blackened red fish, hush
puppies, greens and cornbread. Najib's eyes glowed every time he
looked at Nessa. Aziz joined us after "dropping by" to visit. He said
he wanted to see how I was settling in for his father. I sensed other
motives. I knew in this country one does not just stop by without an
invite.

After dinner I learned Najibullah's second name Mueez, "Distinguished
Protector" it fit him so well. Especially when I discovered it was
Najib who did the background investigation on me for Tam. I was
sitting in Omar's office signing a huge stack of papers. He had found
father's will on file in Al-Hareeq. The documentation was proof of my
claim to his estate.

Najib showed me father's will. In the final codicil he named Mikaeel
as his choice to take over operations of the family holdings. Our
portions of the estate would be held in trust until we turned 21. He
desired his sons first be educated and prepared for the burden of
leading.

There was a list of men he hoped would carry that burden, Omar was
first on that list, the King was third. Professor Ghorbani was a bit
lower, but still on the list. There was a flash of shame and regret on
Omar's face. I rested my right hand on his chest and asked, "Are you
willing to be my Papa? I can think of none better."

He smiled returning my gesture. "It would be my highest honor." I knew
it was a great honor in Islam to foster a foundling as the Prophet had
done.

With a stroke of a pen I was made a part of the mighty Hassan family.
I knew it was symbolic. Under the law, I would hold a lower position
than all of his son's. I also would maintain my name, so it would not
confuse the bloodlines and genealogies, also part of religious law.

Aziz, Tam, Naser, and Waleed witnessed the signing of the documents.
Aziz embraced me asking if he could still consider me a brother. I
replied, "Under HIM, are we not all brothers?"

The moment was short lived as Fahima approached directing me to sit.
"I am sorry my little brother, your lips are blue again. You need more
oxygen." I hated how the looks on the faces of these powerful men
changed to pity.

I was starting to hate the hiss of the O2 bottle as well. I could tell
her training was in pediatric care because she flavored the oxygen
with cherry. I started getting hard, cherry made me think of my Tam.

I asked for permission to be alone with Papa's papers for a moment.
The family left the room except Tam and Najib, Fahima flashed a watch
him signal at Tam. Najib handed me a sealed envelope with my name on
it. I recognized father's penmanship. Then he left me alone with Tam
and my father's words.

Tam pulled a chair in front of mine. He sat facing me to give me a
degree of privacy with Papa's words. My hands were shaking as I broke
the wax seal and unfolded the yellowed sheets of paper. I could smell
a whiff of his cologne, it had been so long. I inhaled the odor on the
sheet deeply. When I saw his beautiful calligraphy, I saw where my
penmanship came from. Momma, Uncle Jack, and Mike all had chicken
scratch when it came to writing. It was as if I could hear his voice
as I read his words in our secret language.

"Jono, if you are reading this I have left you and this world behind.
Today we have just buried my father. I am writing this to you from his
desk, using his old pen and blotter. You and Mikaeel are sleeping in
my boyhood room. I was so pleased that you were by my side today. My
father loved you greatly, as I and your mother do. I was so proud of
you when his student tried to comfort you, and you in turn comforted
him. I saw even with the tears in your eyes as you said 'From Allah we
came and to Allah is our return.' Such great wisdom for such a tiny
boy.

In my life I have received many gifts from Allah. None match his four
great ones that are blessings on top of blessings. 1) The preservation
of my life in battle. 2) His provision of my wife and partner. 3) A
powerful son to lead the family. 4) And then you the wise son to help
guide his path, and bring comfort to the rest.

Oh Jono, Allah has been most merciful to me and our family.

The events of this day remind me there are some things that must be
said, while we have the time. There are some things today you are just
not old enough or ready to hear.

Mikaeel and you are two sides of the same coin. It is my hope that the
close bond you share in youth will carry you through life. Each of you
is strong in the others weakness. You are the strategist, you think of
life months and years down the road. Your brother is a tactician
dealing with what is in front of him only. Both are exemplary skills
to possess, but one without the other is asking for disaster. I hope I
have lived long enough to see many grandsons from you both.

Care for my wife as I would. You mother is to want for nothing."

I was saddened by the realization, he did not see a world I would be left alone.

I continued reading, "Remember Mikaeel is your older brother and will
control the majority of my holdings, obey him. I have seen how you
guide him now. He trusts your council, God willing, this does not
change. If you MUST make a challenge to a decision that you know to be
wrong, one I would not make, I have given my old friend Omar Hassan 5%
interest. That is enough to carry your side. DO NOT shame my memory by
abusing this.

If Mikaeel does not want involvement in the company make arrangements
to give him that which is his due. If you choose a different path as
well, keep the company in trust. Just let it continue providing for
you and the family, and the many charities it supports.

For now my son walk the path our Prophet shows you, 'Inna lilahi wa
inna elayhi rajioon' (From Allah we came and to Allah is our return).
I love you so much my son, my fourth great gift from Allah."

I set the pages on the desk. My tears were streaming from my eyes an
over the oxygen mask. Tam came off his chair pulling me in to rest my
head on his shoulder. When my tears subsided and Tam calmed me, a
realization occurred to me. Tam was so very much like my Mike.

When he knew I was calm, Tam rose. "What did he say?"

I told him, "If father had a message for my eyes alone, he would write
it in Kufic. He was telling me to care for my mother and obey Mike." I
had another realization I inhaled deeply from the mask. "Tam please
get your... our father, brothers, and Aziz." He was about to ask why,
but didn't when he saw the look on my face.

Papa hugged me and sat in his chair. His eyes glanced at the note and
he smiled. "If it is private, you should know many read Kufic."

"Papa was hiding his message from Mike. Mike's mind was closed to
Islam and anything that predated us. The note contained instruction to
get you if I HAD to stand against Mikaeel. His desire for secrecy is
no longer relevant."

Najib read the letter aloud then gave me a hug of support. Then sat to
my left. Tam brushed my cheek, he and Najib adjusted their chairs to
see both Papa and I. Aziz and Naser sat on the sofa behind Tam.

"Najib, is father's estate large?"

He replied, "Jono, you needn't worry. Your father has provided very
well for you. I am still discovering how large the estate is. The
papers you just signed allow father and I to act on your behalf. You
should not be concerned about this. Let us shoulder this burden for
now. I do know his father's home and other properties are still being
cared for by the estate."

My head began to spin. I slumped forward in the chair. The next thing
I was on the floor and the powerful men were around me. Tam picked me
up and stretched me out on the sofa calling for Fahima.

Tam rested his hand in the center of my chest. "Slowly, in through the
nose and out through the mouth." I followed his breathing pattern and
my heart rate slowed. He had such complete control over my body. I
felt like an idiot, hyperventilating like that. No wonder they thought
I was a weak child.

While Fahima examined me, Najib handed me the envelopes addressed to
Mike and Momma. I raised my hand saying; "No, I have a perfect image
of my father right now. Please, you read them. If you find information
I NEED to know, just tell me."

Fahima announced I needed sleep. Tam picked me up and carried me to
his bed. Fahima followed behind with the oxygen dolly. I had twenty
nine more days of convalescent leave remaining. I was not looking
forward to my time at Rhein-Main and my examination by the Medical
Review Board (MRB). I couldn't even carry out a fucking conversation
without losing my breath.

* * * *

Monday the 22nd, 0126, and I am alone. Tam had to leave after dinner
last night. He had duty to return to. Aside from helping with my range
of motion exercises and a few pecks on my cheek and forehead he hasn't
touched me since Friday night. Tonight Naser and Fahima hooked up my
leads to the protocal machine. She silenced the infernal bleeping
wished me a goodnight and left me alone with Naser.

He was a good sport and held me till I dosed off. He snuck out of the
room about an hour a go. I can't blame him, he has someone to care
for, Waleed needed him. Now I am awake, alone, and missing my Tam. God
I wish he had taken me to the capital with him.

I know I would have been alone during the day, but I would have had
him at night. The large room that I have been praising just weeks
before now seems like a tomb for the dead. The echoing of the antique
mantle clock ticking just reminded me I was alone.

I obeyed my promise to Fahima and took my vitals, then logged them in
the journal. Thanks to Tam installing the large satellite dish I could
watch the east coast networks. It's weird watching 60 Minutes and
Murder She Wrote in the wee small hours of Monday morning.

I will confess to a pang of loneliness or homesickness thinking about
Christmas on the Gulf Coast. The Ghorbani's celebrated the secular
version of Christmas with the children under their care. They didn't
push their faith on us. They just lived it before us.

I picked up the phone and called my foster family. Tam was old school,
he still had rotary styled phones in his suite. It took forever to
finish dialing the international call. It was Afsoon who answered. She
was exceptionally good with time conversions. "Jono my silly boy, you
should be asleep. Why are you still awake?"

I told her a half truth. "I can't sleep Mama."

She chided me, "Young man, if you do not sleep you will not heal. On
nights like this I know where I would have found you. Down in the
barn, sleeping with that horse." I told her that was out of the
question here. My new family forbade me from going to the stables
alone.

It is true, in the old days I would go off and carry a blanket to the
stables and sleep with my horse. Afsoon once caught me sleeping with
Fajira. I was using her chest as a pillow. Fajira would pull my
blanket back over me when I'd toss it off in my sleep.

She passed the phone around to my foster siblings. They all bombarded
their big brother with questions about life on the other side of the
world. Jason the 6 year old asked if it was summer where I was.
Mehrdad laughed and showed Jason his desk globe as I told him about
the difference between the eastern and western hemispheres. Then the
northern and southern hemispheres.

Mehrdad told me he was now alone in his office. I brought him up to
speed on the changes in my life. He told me Papa Omar arranged to
expand their home. Each child would have their own room. He also said
my gifts for the children had arrived and Afsoon wrapped them for me.

I told him Nessa and I were missing Christmas a bit. But we knew we
would adapt. I asked for him to take lots of photos of the kids
opening their gifts for me. He told me to be a good boy and try to go
back to sleep.

I hung up the phone I fell asleep in the chair. I was suddenly a
little less alone.

I awoke to Fahima nagging about how I shouldn't sleep in the chair. I
told her to be grateful, it was 4 hours of sleep I wouldn't have
gotten otherwise. I told her how I called the Ghorbani's. She told me
next time get some warm milk.

She left me alone with Naser and Waleed. They helped me with my range
of motion exercises. We changed into workout clothes and went into the
family's gym for some time on the treadmill. Waleed took the machine
next to me to help keep my pace. Fahima had my treadmill programmed to
a target pulse rate and no higher. If I exceeded that threshold the
machine started a cool down cycle.

It was set too low for my liking. But at least it was more than just a
walk. Considering that I didn't turn blue like a smurf, I guess she
was right. The last thing I did was weigh myself. Each day I was
painfully slowly adding a pound or two. I knew if I didn't start
increasing the workout load soon I would plateau.

I emerged from my shower to Naser selecting my wardrobe, "Naser, can I
start wearing regular clothes? I really need to start working on my
finger dexterity."

"Wouldn't playing the piano, or your cello, help that as well?" My
eyes dropped. My fear was palpable. With the damage to the nerve
bundle feeding the right arm I was terrified I lost the gift of music.
"I think Tamam would understand and approve the request. In exchange,
Wednesday Waleed, you, and I will have a spa day."

As quid pro quos go that wasn't so bad. I quickly nodded in agreement
and added the condition, "If Tamam tells me it is okay."

He rifled my hair like I was a child. "We'll drop Fahima and Vanessa
off at their spa and make a family day of it at the mall." I perked up
at that. I was eager to purchase some underwear that actually fit me
both in size and in gender.

Naser let me do something Tam didn't, he let me select my own
clothing. I don't think Tamam was overly controlling, I genuinely
think that he enjoyed picking my clothes for the day. It took time but
I did get the shirt buttoned on my own.

We went out and join the family for breakfast Fahima chided me over my
sleep journal. Papa asked what was wrong. I answered honestly, "I'm
sorry Papa I'm just a little lonely in that big room." Naser said I
would adjust, and he would stay longer tonight. I felt awful, now I
was stealing his time away from Waleed.

I made myself feel like a child. Afraid of the dark, so afraid of
things that I cannot see and have no control over. So afraid of what I
see when I dream. I couldn't let them know that I was still seeing the
Bulgarian and Naveed each time I closed my eyes to sleep. Still
stalking and killing me over and over in my dreams. I used to wonder
as a small child if you die in your dreams, do you die in reality. I
now know that is not true.

Monday and Tuesday were a blur of meals, exercise, and extreme
frustration over the lack of sleep I was receiving. Naser tried to
bring some normalcy to my sleep pattern. Each night the pattern
repeated, as soon as he would leave me I would wake up.

December 24th, Wednesday morning at 2:45 I received a phone call. It
was my beloved asking me why I was not asleep. BUSTED! The security
guard on patrol must have seen the lights on in his office and ratted
me out.

"Tam, I am having bad dreams. They keep me awake. Our room is so very
empty. The bed is a lonely place without you. I even took your
pillows, scented them with your cologne, and tried to snuggle against
them. Without your heartbeat it just wasn't the same."

"My sweet boy, I have missed you as well."

"Tam, Naser wants to take Waleed and I to the spa. I am back to
wearing regular clothing again. It is loose but I can still wear
almost all of it. I still have to wear your nieces panties, mine still
fall down or bunch up. I am gonna pick up some boys briefs when we hit
the mall."

"I am very proud of you, Jono. Both Fahima and Naser have been giving
me regular updates on your recovery I know about the changes to your
weight and exercise level. Papa tells me less of your ribs are
showing. I cannot wait to see you."

"My sweet fuzzy bear, are you coming home Thursday night or Friday sometime?"

He replied, "Barring an emergency, I will be by your side Thursday
night so that you may sleep again. People here miss you. The
Ambassador has had to use a man who speaks Farsi to translate. It has
caused some issues. You are missed greatly, but I miss you more than
all combined."

I begged him, "Please take me back to Riyadh with you Sunday. The week
is just too long without you. I would make your home happy."

"None of that Jono, you are doing well in therapy. You need to
continue, our family will support you and help you. There is no one in
Riyadh who could help you through your range of motion exercises and
therapy. I leave for the base far too early in the morning and come
home far too late. Please trust my family to care for you.

I promise to obey. He asked if I had enjoyed any playtime in his
absence. I told him I yearned only for his touch and no one else could
measure up.

Tam told me I was being foolish that Naser could pleasure my hole
almost as well as he could. He said I was a young man with yearnings
of my own. He said he would take no shame if I was seeking outside
release. I asked if he was seeking outside relief.

Again he was thinking of me as a child. One who could not control my
desires and drives. A spoiled brat who needed to be released on a
regular basis.

"Jono, have you at least played with any of the toys Reza selected for
you?" I told him I had not, but I had thought of it. My hand was
gliding across the case as we spoke. He told me to open the case,
select a toy, and describe it to him.

I opened the case and removed a narrow latex rod with five spherical
nodes along its shaft. It had a cute curve on the very end that
reminded me of Reza's cock. He laughed at the description, "That is a
very good choice. Now go over to my side of the bed. On the
nightstand, turn on the speaker phone."

Once I completed his request and was hands free he continued his
tutelage. "Remove your pajamas, but I want you to leave your panties
on for now. I will teach you how to pleasure yourself as if I were
there. You can do whatever you want with your left hand but your right
belongs to me. Okay?" Of course I said yes.

He directed me to twist the base of the toy. It sprung to life in my
hands and began vibrating. He had me pull the tip of the latex shaft
across my lips then had me wet the toy. It was so intimate and sensual
responding to his every command.

He had me drag the vibrating play thing down my neck and caress my
left nipple in small tight circles. He told me to use a very light
touch. Then he had me do the same to the right nipple. I could imagine
Tam's touch on my naked flesh. My pink buds became firm and sensitive.

He asked me to pull my left hand away from my crotch. How did he know
I was touching myself. I guess once upon a time he was eighteen and
horny himself. I chalked it up to him being perfect. He asked me to
softly slide the dildo down my sternum and brush it over my panty
covered cock. I closed my eyes and pretended it was his touch. I had
another moan of pleasure. As I removed the floral embroidered panties
at his command.

He had me lube the device and told me to take the tip and slowly push
it into my butt-hole. "Just the tip for now, then slowly twist it
around. You will love what the curved tip does to the other side of
that rim." Between vibration, pressure, and the design of the curve on
the end, it caused me to take a loud inhalation of air through my
mouth. I let out a soft whimper. "Is my baby bear enjoying his toy."

"It's not you... but it will do for now."

"I miss you too my baby bear. Push more of it in until the first
spherical bump is resting inside your rim. Give it a twist to make
sure the lube gets spread evenly." Each successive spherical bump got
a little twist and a couple pulls in and out.

After fifteen minutes under his firm verbal command I was sweating and
breathing hard as my cock eruptive spraying my seed into the mattress.
"Two hours away and I still bring pleasure to my boy..."

I went into the bath and obeyed Tamam's request, I took a long hot
shower. I emerged to find Naser in my room he had my green pajamas,
slippers, and a long robe laid out for me. Tam was worried about me,
he must have called his brother. "Jono, why didn't you tell me that
you were having such trouble sleeping?"

"I didn't want to be a bother. You have Waleed to care for. You
shouldn't have to care for me too."

He rested his forehead against mine and rubbed our noses together.
"Silly boy, Waleed's wounds have healed, yours are not. You are now
both my baby brother, and my older brother's love. You are also my old
friend. It is no burden to care for you." He pulled me close and
suddenly he was just Naser, my childhood buddy.

Naser led me over to his wing, and into his room. He pulled me onto
his bed. I rested under his right arm. Waleed rested under his left.
We both rested our heads on Naser's chest. The gentle thumping of his
heart lulled me into a deep sleep.

* * * *

I awoke to the sound of an irate Fahima at the door. She wheeled in
the protocal machine. The hours of rest had dropped my vitals into the
normal range. No oxygen treatment needed, YEAH!! I kissed Naser and
Waleed's cheeks. Waleed's hug was a bit longer than Naser's but nice.

After our workout and breakfast we headed to town with the girls.
Daliyah and one of Omar's other wives were in the back with Fahima and
Nessa. I got to sit up front between Naser and Waleed. After we
dropped off the ladies at their spa, Naser broke the laws of physics,
and no doubt the speed laws, getting as to Amman's spa.

Amman greeted us warmly. "Jono, I am so happy you are still with us."
He looked at Naser, "Things are ready for you and your boy." Then they
left me alone with Amman. "Do not be concerned, Jono your Tamam has
already ordered your treatment." Jy Ang entered the room wearing a
silk robe and his huge smile. He led me to a private room.

Once the door was closed and locked. He began removing my clothing.
With the shirt off, his hands caressed my ribs. "Master Jono, you too
skinny."

"You should have seen me four weeks ago." He shuddered at the image in
his mind and kissed the wound site.

"We helps you get better. Much better." His hands undid my belt and
opened my fly. My pants fell to the floor. I forgot about the blue
satin panties I had been wearing. I blushed a soft pink.

"Master Jono, do not be embarrassed many clients wear girly things. I
like them too." He showed me a flash of pink lace under his robe. I
was gonna explain, but his soft velvety lips covered mine in a
passionate kiss while his hand stroked my firming cock through the
panties.

His kiss was so good I barely noticed he finished getting me naked. Jy
led me to a tub filled with jasmine and magnolia scented hot water. He
helped me into the bath, I closed my eyes and relaxed. My eyes opened
when I felt a tiny cube of cheese pressed against my lips. Jy sat next
to me wearing only his pink panties.

On our last visit I hadn't noticed Jy had breasts. They were tiny ones
not even an A-cup, but definite girl-like breasts. He began scrubbing
me and occasionally feeding me nibbles of fruit and cheese. He
scrubbed low to tease my cock and keep me hard.

After twenty minutes my little guy was starting to hurt. The bath was
over and Jy was helping me out of the tub. My feet were just on the
mat and he was on his knees with his lips around my cock. My hand
clutched his head, as his mouth bobbed on my cock. His hands played
with the tender skin between my ass and balls.

After twenty minutes of his teasing me in the tub, I was needing
release, and release I did. He greedily swallowed my foul tasting
spunk. Then looked up at me grinning as if it was the best tasting cum
he ever ate.

As if I couldn't be any more shocked he said, "Thank you Master Jono.
I loves bringing you pleasure." Then he led me to the massage table. I
was so grateful I was laying face down.

His fingertips were magic, under his care all of the tensions
released. "Master Jono, you too tense you not heal like this. Muscles
only grow strong with both work and rest." To drive his point home he
squeezed a dense knot. I yelped, and he kissed the spot and continued.

With the back finally finished he helped me roll over. I almost ask
for a cover towel but I thought that would be silly considering he
just had my cock in his pretty lips. The medicated oils and his hands
did the job, I was very relaxed.

He was taking perverse pleasure working my upper thighs. I was
starting to get hard again, he saw it as well. "I am to care for all
you needs. My jaw hurts, can I be taking you here?" He rested my hand
on his cute ass. I blushed and sucked my lip. "This is yes maybe?"

I nodded and he helped me off the table and led me to a window bed.
"Now we can be comfortable. Yes, Master Jono?"

"Jy, you don't have to do this."

"Master Jono does not find Jy pretty enough? Does he want another?" He pouted

"Jy you are gorgeous, I just don't have a lot for you, down there."

He chuckled and switched to Tagalog, "You have more than many. You are
much kinder than most of my masters." He rolled me onto my back and
held my tiny rod. I could see the outline of his cock as it snaked
inside his panties. He was at least 3 inches longer than I was and
much fatter too. I reached for it and he smacked my hand away. "Master
Tamam said you can touch any part of me but that."

He turned away exposing the open back of his pink panties. I pulled
him to my chest as Tam had done to me. "I am sorry babe. No one told
me what I could or couldn't do. Can you forgive me?"

"How can I not, Master."

I pushed him onto his tummy and slid down his frame. I kissed my way
down his spine. I kissed each of his panty covered cheeks. I pushed my
finger through the access slit and against his dark hole, it yielded
easily to my digit. I remembered the feeling of the dildo rubbing the
inside of my ring and tried recreating it on his ass.

Jy moaned, "Master likes playing with his toy's pussy?" He pushed his
hips back causing my finger to slide past the knuckle into his ass.

"Clearly my toy likes it." I figured I would play along with his
'Master Toy' fantasy. What could it hurt. "But I think my toy should
ask for more, not just take it." I pulled the finger out and playfully
swatted his butt.

"Please Master Jono, your toy wants more!!" He shouted. I parted his
cheeks and sniffed his hole. I was surprised to discover it smelled of
mint. I gently licked his pucker.

"Ooooh Master, eat my pussy please." My tongue dove into the stretched
hole. It was mint, he scented his enema water with mint. It was an odd
sensation on my tongue eating Jy's ass. The muscles clenched as I
played with the strange sandy texture of his ass.

"Master please be fucking your toy's pussy. Breed my boy pussy, and
make it yours."

I applied a bit more lube and slid my cock within him. "Jy, you have
me so excited I don't know how long I will last."

"Master Jono, my pleasure is not important. You are the master I am
the toy. Your pleasure is mine. Does your toy's pussy give you
pleasure?"

I called it right, in less than five minutes I shot my wad 5 inches in
his ass. "I am sorry Jy, I tried to hold it a little longer, your
pussy felt too good. Would you like me to eat it again?" It felt wrong
to use most of the dirty talk but it made Jy happy.

"No Master Jono, I must get you hair, eyes, and nails done." He
reached over and removed a large butt plug from the shelf next to the
bed. He handed it to me, "Please Master, I do not want to make a mess
on floor. Will you help me?" I slid the plug into his ass and heard a
click. "It is supposed to do that Master, it won't fall out now.
Master Amman designed them to keep his floors clean.

Jy rolled onto his back and I climbed on top of him. I was still in
the post orgasmic afterglow and I was not ready to let him go. I
kissed is lips driving my tongue in his mouth as I held his right
breast. When we broke our kiss I asked, "Did Amman do this?"

"No, he has been good master to Jy Ang. He had doctor fix my doctor's
mistake. He made them right. He made me pretty." I cocked my head to
the side confused. "Jy was born in the wrong body. I should have been
a girl. Master Amman promised to send me to special hospital in Sweden
to fix birth mistake."

"I know about being in the wrong body. Jy my Uncle used to tell jokes
about my 'girlish' looks. I felt like I never measured up. I wish I
was stronger, taller, and more manly."

"Master Jono, that is silly..." his hand slid between our bodies and
held my re-firming cock in his hand. "See you is very virile and
manly. You get hard for your toy again." He rolled me onto my back and
began rubbing my cock between his tits. "See, Master Jono very much
likes Jy I think."

I caressed his cheek and wiped my thumb across his lips he sucked it
into his mouth. Clearly he was like me, very oral. He released my cock
from his tits and wrapped his soft lips around it again. I knew I was
not going to last Jy was too good at his job. My nuts swiftly released
their third load into Jy's sweet mouth and I fell sound asleep.

I awoke to a tickling feeling on my right shoulder. I tried to lift my
right arm only to find it pinned by Jy's body. My eyes opened to Jy
straddling my arm. He had a mehndi pencil in his hand. "Master Jono,
please lay still. I am almost done." I looked down at my shoulder to
see the deep maroon henna ornate yin yang drawn over my wound. I
panicked thinking what Tam would think.

"Master Jono please be calm, Master Amman and Naser came in to check
on you while you slept. I told them of your thoughts of being in the
wrong body. They let me do this." He kissed me with those damn full
lips. "When you shot, more than your body was damaged. I think part of
you spirit flowed out too."

He drew his finger around the outside circle of the tattoo. "This is
you, your whole being." His finger pointed to each side of the symbol.
"This is your Arab side, and this you American." He drew a few more
fine lines on the light side "This also shows the soft, tender,
submissive side you show to your Tamam."

He pointed back to the darker side. "This is how you are with me,
dominant but still just as tender, gentle, and beautiful. You have the
nurturing soul of an artist we must help you heal." He covered the
design and taped it off. I knew the paste had to stay on for a day for
best effect. I wanted Tam to be the one to unwrap it.

He trimmed my hair back to my shaggy brush cut. Then applied the kohl
to my eyes. "I performed you manicure and pedicure while you slept."
Then he returned me to Naser and Waleed.

We picked up the ladies and did a bit of shopping. It took time but I
found underwear that fit me... I shook my head laughing... in the
children's section, full circle I thought. They were covered with tiny
Tasmanian Devils! Even Naser could not stifle laughter. Nessa,
Daliyah, and the older wife scowled at him. In the end a good time was
had by all.

I couldn't put my finger on what changed, but for the first time in
many years I could laugh at myself. It felt like a huge burden had
been removed from me. When we returned home I stowed away my
acquisitions. I glanced over at the bed Tam's side was covered with a
giant teddy bear. There was a card from Tam...

"Jono, this is only a stand in for my boy in my absences. Rest your
head on its chest as you would my own."

I snuggled with the teddy and followed his instructions I heard the
sound of Tam's heart. I quickly fell asleep awaiting the morning.

- Continued


Izzy


--Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2017 06:39:43 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 11 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 11 - A Shot In The Dark

Wednesday morning began with a view to die for; my beloved Tamam
walking butt naked into the bathroom. Oh how I love to see him move.
It was quite clear that he wanted me to sleep in, but that was not to
be. I knew this would be another stressful day. The day would begin
with breakfast with the General in his adjutant, they would try to
talk to me about career options including reenlistment. "Fat chance" I
muttered remembering last night's epic love making with my man.

Tam turned back in my direction, "What was that Jono?"

Damn I hadn't realized I spoke out loud. Curse my broken internal
monologue. "Nothing Tam, I was thinking of a reply to the General if
he asks me to reenlist."

"I do not know about your military, but I would recommend something
slightly less confrontational than 'fat chance.'" He laughed as he
walked back towards our bed. His cock showed signs of fading morning
wood. Still semi engorged, it was swinging side to side like an erotic
clock pendulum with his every step. My ass was still sore from last
night's play. That didn't mean I couldn't help my man. I swear Tam
could read my mind.

"Jono, we do not have time for that."

"But Tam, life is too short. You have to take the pleasure when it
presents itself." I reached up and softly cradled his balls in the
palm of my hand. In no time at all his cock firmed in line with my
thoughts.

"I still do not see what pleasure you get from this..."

"The pleasure of pleasing you, and a load of your oh so tasty cum."
With two or three slow and deliberate strokes of the massive slab of
my man's meat, he was fully developed and leaking the sticky fluid I
desired.

I flicked my tongue across then around the head of his fat cock. I
used the tip of my tongue to scrape a bit of the precum out of the
slit. He may be in a hurry, I was not. He lined up and pushed his meat
against my lips. I parted them slowly granting him access on my terms
and schedule.

He removed my mouth toy. "Jono, why do you tease me so?"

"My love I'm not teasing you. I want you to think on this all day
long. I want this moment of bliss to carry you through the day. Until
you are once again laying by my side again and take your place deep
within me."

Then he again returned his member between my lips. I knew this time I
would have to get about the business at hand. He was leaking cum as if
he had a bottomless fountain. I sucked and slurped as fast as I could
to capture as much of his precious juice. The surface veins on his
cock were throbbing as he gently slid more into my yearning throat.
Softly slowly he impaled my mouth to his root. Gently and firmly he
drove in, until his soft bush was tickling my nostrils. The musky
aroma of Tam was overpowering.

He paused his hip gyrations every so often so I could catch my breath.
Then he would return to his slow teasing thrusts. His cock twitched I
knew he would shoot soon. He pulled out and his seed became a shot in
the dark across my face. He laughed playfully at his frosting hanging
from my pouty lip.

He kissed my forehead and pushed me to my back, "They can wait for me,
my beautiful boy needs me now." He positioned my body resting my ass
on the edge of the bed. Standing before me he raised and parted my
legs. His cock was still hard as he reached for the lube. He lined it
up against my hole, and slowly he pushed in. "I will be gentle, but I
love watching your sweet face when you cum." He wiped his thumb across
my lips. I sucked his seed covered thumb into my mouth, as Tam massive
glory filled my ass. I knew he would not last long. I wanted anything
that he could give me.

He was taking long slow full thrust in and out of my chute. Such
discipline and control, such delight he was providing me. I started
stroking my own cock in rhythm with his thrusts. I begged for him to
fuck me harder. "And disobey your Doctor's orders? Never!" Moments
later he seeded deep in me, as ropes of cum shot from my cock.

As he removed my right leg from his massive shoulder he pushed down
hard on the nail of my big toe. When he removed the pressure he smiled
broadly as blood refilled the digit. He kissed then sucked my big toe,
"Pink and pretty as it should be. But look, I have made a mess on my
boy. This must be fixed."

I was grinning ear-to-ear behind the mask of seed he gave me. He swept
me up from the bed and carried me into the bath. We took turns
cleaning each other, as we shared our shower. I was still naked
afterwards as I helped him dress for the day. "Tam, what does one wear
to a private breakfast with a General?"

"This is something I have never done. Perhaps Benjamin can help you out."

As I quickly threw on my bathrobe I decided to tease Tam, "Hamzan
would be very disappointed with the two of us. You have me so that I
am hardly sleeping in his pajamas."

He walked to me picking me up off the ground kissing me passionately.
"I would remind my tiny warrior, you have not complained about your
lack of attire." Kissing me again, he set me back down on my feet,
"Now Jono, go talk to Benjamin, he has to get ready for work as well.
You don't want to lose the opportunity. Knock first, I believe that
Adar spent the night, as did Pete."

I wandered through the rotunda to the other three rooms. I knocked on
Captain Nelson's as the door opened and the smell of sweat and cum
filled my nostrils. I viewed Adar's naked body. He answered teasing
me, "Good morning Jono. Looking forward to another lazy day I see."
Adar was fuzzy like my Tam but not as muscular. He was still pretty to
look at. In less than a month the way I thought of men had changed so
much.

"Good morning Adar. I was thinking for the appearance sake, that it
would be wise to add you to the security detail. That way you would
have a room to yourself here in the suite and fewer eyes would be
raised when you visit Benjamin."

He smiled and replied, "I would very much like to be on your detail
Jono." I had seen him on the range and I knew he could shoot. I
figured if Ben and Tam trusted him then I could do worse.

The Captain moved on the bed as my eyes adjusted to the dark. "That
sounds like a really good idea Jono. CRAP! IS IT THAT LATE ALREADY?"

"0500 sir. Sorry for the intrusion. I figured you'd be getting ready for work."

"Thanks for the save partner. I am supposed to be. What do you need
lil' guy?" Light flooded the room as Adar dashed to the bathroom.

"What should I wear for breakfast with the General?"

"In normal circumstances I'd recommend blues, short sleeve shirt, no
tie. These are hardly normal circumstances. Wait till six and give a
call over and talk to the Major. He will steer you right. These two
love the hell outta you buddy. Something else to keep in mind, the
Eagles arrive this afternoon. They are the whole reason why the
General is here. Expect him to be very short and tight with his time."
Ben then rifled his hand through my hair. I have so many big brothers
looking out for me now.

As I re-entered the hall and closed the bedroom door behind me I was
greeted by yet another brother. This time it was Reza, "Good morning
my baby brother." He purred as he kissed my cheek. "Shall we make the
coffee?"

"Oh God yes. How was your evening?" He didn't need to reply his smile
lit up the room. I kissed his cheek and gave him a big hug. "I take it
things bode well for you and Pete?"

"He is the rarest of all treasures. A dominant man who is not abusive.
One who cares about my pleasure as much as he cares about his own. You
have chosen so well for me. I think father will like him." I knew what
he meant was that his father would tolerate Pete. If only for the sake
of seeing his baby boy well cared for and not misused.

If these two became a permanent item, I knew there was a cover built
in. Reza being a Prince, security would always be a concerned. It
would be nothing for the family to 'hire' Pete as his traveling
bodyguard.

We entered the kitchen and in no time at all we had a pot of cardamon
coffee going. Slowly our fellow suite-mates started to wander into the
lounge as if drawn by the scent of the coffee. Pete looked so cute as
he was admiring his reflection looking at his new threads. "Nice suit
Pete. You look so fine." I teased.

"Back off bitch he's mine." Reza jokingly replied.

Pete replied, "Reza, please don't ever do that again. Jono our friend
Fibrin arrived last night. He's downstairs studying the layout."

"Thanks for the heads up." I noticed the time was 0600. "Time to call
the Major." I dialed the extension to the Major's room.

"Daniels!"

"Yes sir, Airman Banks here. Just wondering what I should wear this
morning. Blues or fatigues?"

"Jono, you are on stand down for another 24 hours. Hell son, I think
the General wouldn't mind seeing you in PJs. At least then he'd know
you were serious about resting today. That being said civilian attire
would be appropriate to wear, think business casual. See you in about
an hour."

"I'll be there Sir."

Now the question remains, what is business casual to the Major and the
General? I know it could mean a lot of things to a lot of people. I
chose to use the example from my Uncle Jack; A t-shirt, gray polo
shirt, sports coat, and dress pants.

Tam and the rest went out to the base, leaving me alone with Reza and
Pete. Once dressed I returned to the lounge and had a final cup of
coffee with the guys. Pete offered to walk me out as a very sleepy
Reza returned to his room. When we hit the rotunda he looked at me and
said, "Thank you so much for introducing me to Reza. I never thought
I'd let someone else into my heart. You are a pain in the ass as a
protection detail. But as a man you are worth all the trouble. Please
Jono, whatever you do don't let your guard down around Fibrin."

When we walked out the front door, I was surprised to see how huge the
security detail had grown. Sgt Yahya Al-Ali was barking orders. I
spoke, "Sergeant Al-Ali, is it shift change?"

"No young Prince, please return to your suite. Your pasty man has been
seen in the hotel again. A member of my team has been found dead." It
was as if a switch went off inside Pete's head. He reached into his
jacket pocket and retrieved his derringer. As he handed it to me, Sgt
Al-Ali raised his hand in objection, "No! The small noise maker is not
sufficient. Young Prince do you know how to fire a Colt 1911?"

"Sergeant long before I shot marksman with the 1911 in the Air Force,
my father taught both of his sons how to fire his. I was plugging
targets from horseback when I was only seven."

Yahya motioned for one subordinates. The man removed his ALICE belt
with a 1911 and ammo pouches hanging from it. I slung it over my
shoulder. I knew if I tried to wear it around my waist without
adjustment it would fall to the floor. The elevator doors opened and
even more security emerged, including Agent Fibrin.

Pete was directing me to withdraw to the security of the suite. "Tell
Reza to lock the door and shelter in his own room." Alex Fibrin nodded
in my direction then directed Pete to the security office to monitor
the cameras. Pete raised concern about leaving me alone. Alex reminded
him I was armed, and that he was the senior agent and again told him
to go.

I withdrew into the suite advising Reza what was going on. He closed
and locked the door as I ran down the hall and pounded on the
adjoining suite door to the General's quarters.

The Major initially chastised me for banging on the connecting door,
but then thanked me when I explained my haste. He and I were sweeping
and securing rooms as we passed each. The General was just stepping
out of his room as we reached him. The Major brought him up to speed
as I completed my task. General Mallory laughed, "It looks like you
have done that a time or two." He picked up the receiver of the STU-II
and advised it was dead.

"Crap, sorry sir that was my fault. I secured the STU when everyone
left the suite. If you follow me I can reboot it in my office. I can
also prep some food for us, my fridge is fairly well stocked." We made
our way back to my suite securing the connecting hall in our wake.
Once in my office I locked all of the doors and powered up and
programmed the STU. The General thanked me as he picked up the
receiver and started his briefing to base operations.

I asked the Major to secure the office so I can finish sweeping the
rest of the suite. I also took advantage of the sweep to hide any
personal items that might hint at last night’s carnal activities. I
popped into Reza's room and advised him to do the same. By the time I
was completed, Mallory was done with calls. "Sirs there are no
surprises in the suite. Are you hungry? I make a mean western omelet,
that would of course be after I adjust this belt."

Both officers laughed as I pointed at the oversized belt that I was
wearing more like a baldric. We walked to the kitchen and I removed
the 1911 from its holster, ensured it was on safe and placed it on the
counter and began shortening the ALICE belt to my size. To be honest I
had it set to the smallest diameter and it was still a hair too big.
At least it wasn't over my shoulder.

I moved on to my next task feeding the two men. I started pulling
eggs, veggies and meat from the fridge then went to work with a knife
from the block. "I regret that I have no ham, but we can make due."
Both men agreed as I sliced then diced strips of mutton and a couple
of small onions dumping them into a frying pan halfway through the
preparation the STU rang the Major got it first then called the
General to the phone.

"CINC-USAFE, wants an update Jono, this will be a bit." The first
omelet was ready and I zipped it into Reza. By the time the final
three were ready to come off the griddle the General rejoined us.

I directed the officers to the table and served them, then plated my
own. "I figured this would be faster and hotter than anything from the
kitchen at this point until the building is secured. Let's face it
this IS a big ass building."

The General was the first to speak. "Jono, weapons skills, language
skills, technical prowess, and now I discover you are a damn good
cook. Something still hiding in there?" He paused examining me hard.
"I had a good chat with agent Fibrin last night over dinner. He told
me he was looking forward to working with you 'AGAIN.' It did kind of
strike me odd, because I could not find anywhere in your jacket that
you ever worked with the OSI. Care to fill me in son?"

"With respect Sir, I'm not sure how much I can tell you. The agent was
the original classifying authority. Given our current situation I have
no doubt you have a need to know. Did you know Alex journals about
everything, I would love to see his filing system."

The General was losing his patience, "Sir, we went on a squadron ski
trip down in the Harz Mountains. He and I stumbled into a civilian law
enforcement/tourist problem. Alex watched me translating for a polizei
who is fighting to understand Greek, English, and French through his
German and broken English. Not only were we able to solve the
underlying language issues, we were able to dispel the cause of the
fight, a poorly translated joke that started the brawl. All three of
the combatants where so happy with the result, and the original joke,
that each bought three rounds of drinks for the house."

"I have worked with Alex on two occasions after that, when he thought
he could use my ear. The first when a group of drug smugglers who were
shipping heroin all over Europe through the army supply chain. The
Army CID requested Alex because their local operatives had been
compromised. All Alex needed from me was my ear. I had to eavesdrop on
them while He was making it look like we were on the date. The crew
was operating out of a gay disco run by a Turkish ex-pat. It was more
than a little bit uncomfortable. The second involved an Air Force
Colonel who was selling secrets to the Soviets, that's the one I'm not
sure how much I can share. Again I was just there for a translation
assist. The Col and his handler bounced between four languages as they
set up drop sites."

"I had heard about the first one, I didn't know there was so much Air
Force involvement. I know about the second. He had a lot of people
fooled. So you are 'Her Hörer,' I did not see that coming. A lot of
folks thought you were a German contractor. There are a cluster of
stars at the Pentagon and throughout Europe who would love to shake
your hand. Damn fine work son."

"Alex thought down playing or hiding our involvement on the drug case
might help the Army save face. That's when he started calling me the
'Listener.' It is a bit cliche but it did give me a bit of anonymity.
No-one likes a rat sir. He kept me out of the reports for my
protection."

"Jono, I told you before you need to start planning outside your
career field. I can think of six other General officers would love to
have you as their enlisted aide. When it comes to the enlisted aide
position just about everything is waiver-able. Hell son I put in for
you myself except for I'm trying to get my staff to cover. Jono, I can
see the writing on the wall, my star is fading. Vice President Bush
likes me, hell he speaks very highly of me, which is not helping."

He paused for a bite off his plate. "My career is not going to survive
the next election, unless someone falls on their sword for what
happened in Honduras and Nicaragua. I always had a soft spot in my
heart for the little guy, the freedom fighter who stands up against
the bully. You know the guy who puts it all on the line for their
sense of right. That being said, we made mistakes."

"The next election is a statistical shoe in. The bottom line is, the
last sitting Vice President who was elected to succeed his running
mate, was Van Buren in 1836. The other inescapable truth is I've
pissed off far too many of the other party. I hate to say that 90% of
a general's job today is politics. It is a game I don't play so well."

He rested his hand on my shoulder, "Son I just don't want you to be in
such a hurry to return to your old life that you miss the
opportunities that are presented to you now. You have a hell of a lot
to offer the Air Force, and I think the Air Force has a hell of a lot
to offer you." As I was promising to consider his words the STU rang
again.

The Major and I made short work of cleanup. He grabbed the dish towel
and started drying as I washed. "You may want to stop calling the OSI
agent Alex. He's a lieutenant colonel on active duty. That being said,
you do impress the General. I have never seen him put so much effort
into retaining an A1C. I hope you recognize the incredible opportunity
you are being given."

I replied, "I do sir."

"Jono, about Fibrin, do you really think he left your name out of his
reports to 'protect' you?" I nodded yes. "Ah, to be young and naive
again. In a couple of days I will be your CO, I will be looking over
his shoulder. I will tell you the boss and I do not trust him, neither
should you. I cannot begin to count how many regulations he ignored.
He never should have used you in the disco. He is a glory hound."

The General rejoined us. "Well that was interesting, I just got a
briefing on your pasty man, I like the way you described him as 'the
man in the bad suit' the CIA thought it was funny as hell. According
to their sources he is a well-known assassin, a Bulgarian national
with a string of bodies that stretches across four continents." His
briefing was interrupted by a knock at the door. After verifying the
identities of the men through the peephole I let the two agents in.

"Did you guys get him?" I asked.

Agent Fibrin responded, "No buddy, I think he gave us the slip. He is
gonna mess up soon and we will grab him."

I looked at Fibrin and chastised him, "You sir. All those weeks we
worked together, and you didn't bother to tell me you were a Lt
Colonel?



"Sorry Jono, I wasn't sure you could maintain your cover, and I really
did need you to look casual. It was a calculated risk."

The General chimed in, "Don't you think you should have notified
someone in his chain of command that you were taking such a
'calculated risk?' Col Fibrin, I have never doubted the intelligence
of a man who wears the same uniform as I do. This boy only had six
months on active duty and no field training."

Fibrin replied, "Sir, there was a valid security aspect of both cases.
I could not risk Jono's involvement becoming public knowledge. With
respect, his CO isn't known for his good judgment, as recent events
have borne out." He rested his hand on the back of my neck and
continued, "General one thing I will tell you, if this boy was a staff
sergeant, and on his second enlistment, I would be recruiting him into
the OSI." The look on the general's face told me he was not impressed.

Fibrin continued, "Sir Jono, is a natural for covert operations. Part
of the reason I like the Mobile TACS people is that because of their
mission they have to be multi-faceted. They have to be truck drivers,
security, field medical, and construction crews on top of their day to
day jobs."

He took a deep breath, "Sir, Jono and I were in that bar less than 5
minutes and my cover was blown they knew I was out of place. The wait
staff was already going around telling customers to be careful around
us thinking I was CID. I was just about to abort the operation when
Jono pulled it out of the fire. He noticed something I didn't, the
bartender was deaf and lip reading bar orders. Did you know Jono can
sign in 3 languages?"

I told them a few of my foster siblings were deaf. Alex continued. "I
looked over and he's signing to the bartender. The next thing I know
there's a ice bucket with chilled vintage champagne on our table, an
apology note, and a complimentary key to one of the play rooms
upstairs. To this day the boy hasn't told me exactly what he said."

I interjected, "There's a reason why I haven't told you. I heard what
the staff was saying, I went a little bit off script. I signed to the
bartender begging him and the staff to stop, that they were making my
date nervous. I said that it had been six months since I got laid. I
was so desperate, I'd even steal time from my very married boss. It
must have worked because the staff did go around again and smoothed
the waters. Most of the other guests smiled or winked in my
direction."

I realized I had better get back on point. "The scumbags at the next
table even relaxed and continued their discussions in Turkmen of how
they could smuggle heroin through the army supply chain back into the
states the next month. On the way out the bartender slipped a note in
my pocket apologizing for screwing up my night. He also told me I
could do better and gave me his address." The four men fell out
laughing.

Finally the General's laughter subsided. "Jono, I was wondering if you
join me in the office. I'd kind of like to have a one-on-one chat with
you." I wondered 'oh shit what did I do now' but stood and followed
after him.

As soon as the door closed the general put his finger in my chest,
"Jono I'm going to tell you one thing son. Don't trust that
son-of-a-bitch Fibrin. He never should have used you like that, on a
tactical operation with only six months on active duty and no real
training to speak of. I know you have some mighty powerful natural
skills, but he still wrote a check with your life that he didn't have
the right to cash. If he couldn't trust your CO, he should've found
someone higher."

He sat and motioned me to do the same. "I'm not sure he even
recognizes the fact that you bailed his ass out. Jono, how far would
he have gone to maintain his cover? What if he had to take you
upstairs to one of those play rooms? How far would you have had to go
if there was a camera present? He took way too many chances with you.
The fact that he left you unguarded this morning is unacceptable."

"Sir, I wouldn't exactly call myself unguarded. The half dozen men on
the landing are nothing to sneeze at."

"Jono, the protocol set down by command said that you were not to be
left alone EVER. I know you didn't get all the stats on your
protection detail, mostly because the host nation and parent command
didn't want you nervous. These men aren't screwing around, they want
you dead. It's our job to keep you alive."

He twisted in his chair. "As far as the second operation, I know he
didn't put your name into his report. Isn't it odd to you, there's an
Eastern Bloc agent hunting after you specifically. Suddenly they go
active when Fibrin arrives, that is one hell of a coincidence. Son I
believe in coincidences, they happen every day. I just don't trust
them.

On to new stuff. Jono, I was dead serious when I said there was a
whole bunch of generals who could use an aide like you. I would like
you to consider it. I'm not going to push you for an answer right now,
but I would like you to think about it while you're here for the next
11 months. I can see you on the Go Team, but there are so many
different ways you can serve. You need to start thinking outside your
career field." With that we stood up and exited the room. Both Pete
and Alex were gone. "Bryce what the hell's going on?!?"

"He's still here sir. Fibrin was informed, another of the Saudi
soldiers was found dead just outside of the arboretum. He took Agent
Ramirez to investigate."

"Did Ramirez ask to join the hunt or was he directed to?" The major
responded that Pete had been directed by Fibrin. "Jono, this is what I
meant. Fibrin knows where he is supposed to be. He is out hunting for
glory. Bryce; you and Jono hold the fort, I have to brief Donnolly,
this crap has gone far enough." He returned to the office to make the
call.

I offered the web belt and weapon to the major. He turned it down
saying I already had it dialed in for my waist, and he was already
armed. We discussed some of the unit politics he was walking into.
Simply put he was going to need to know where the bodies were buried.
He already knew most of the players, he didn't know some of the tricks
they used.

Fifteen minutes in, our chatter was silenced. We heard the roofing
material disturbed by footsteps, there was just enough time for us to
take cover behind the counter. A man in urban camo dropped onto the
terrace. I drew the 1911, and flipped the safety to fire. Something
was very familiar about the way he moved. The figure suddenly turned
in the direction of the office. I saw the office door begin to open in
the reflection in the glass.

I sprung up from cover, "Drop you weapon to the ground!" I commanded.
The man spun back in my direction as I fired three rounds. The glass
door shattered and the subject crumpled to the deck in a heap. The
rotunda door flew open as Yahya and his men rushed into the room. My
1911 slid from my hand as I spun to the right. I saw the curls of
smoke coming from the Major's weapon.

It was as if time slowed to a crawl, searing white hot pain in my
right shoulder as I too hit the floor. The major was saying something
but I couldn't hear him. He was packing the white dish towels against
my shoulder. They turned red almost immediately. My head rolled to the
left in time to see Yahya examine the heap of flesh on the pool deck.
A quick gesture of a thumb across his throat told me he was no longer
a threat. He ripped the grey balaclava from the gunman's head and his
head bounced on the pool deck facing me. The baby face of Naveed Yasin
was revealed.

My eyes locked on Yahya's, they filled with panic seeing me on the
ground. I felt like I was falling as my vision narrowed. Yahya's men
stepped in. My new jacket and shirt were cut away. I rolled my head to
the right and saw the wound oozing out a crimson flow. The blood pool
in the wound bubbling with air and it was becoming harder to breathe.
"This isn't good..." I thought. My vision faded to gray then black.

* * * *

I had the dream again this time it was a little different. Tam and I
were still in the canoe drifting down Black Creek. Then I could see
Mom and Dad tubing near us on the right. Mikaeel was just ahead. Jack,
Aunt Bev and their baby girl were laughing and giggling on our left.
It was a beautiful summer day.

The color drained from the sky to a sepia tone. The wind whipped up in
the clouds rolled in. The giggling and laughter became sounds of panic
and slowly one by one the voices faded. A wave crashed against the
side of the canoe and it was overturned. I desperately thrashed around
in the water looking for Tam, who is nowhere to be found. Another wave
crashed over my head and drove me under the water. As I surfaced I
found myself wrapped in powerful arms. I spun so that I could look on
Tam's face, only to see the face of Naveed looking back. Naveed's icy
hands came up and wrapped around my throat, attempting to choke the
life out of me. I fought to no avail, I could not escape his grasp. As
the life drained from me, his flesh melted away leaving behind just
the eery visage of death itself.

I woke to the face of my beloved Tamam in the bright hospital room
leaning over me telling me that I was safe. I had on a surgical gown
and tubes running out of my body. He was kissing my forehead and
wiping the tears from my eyes. "My love, I have you. Nothing will harm
you ever again." I knew he was right, as I fell back to sleep.

* * * *

I awoke again to the smell of a hospital. God I hate hospitals. The
room was now dark. My shoulder was killing me. I saw a familiar shape
at the foot of the bed. "Tam?" I asked weakly. His head rolled up as
if he was just waking. I pulled the non-rebreather mask from my face
and asked again, "Is that you, Tam?"

He quickly came to my side and buried his face in my chest. He needed
a shave. "I thought I had lost my sweet boy. I never should have left
you alone."

"I was hardly alone. As to losing me, never my love, never. I am sorry
to frighten you so." I replied in a weak whisper. "My chest is so
tight, and it hurts."

Tam raised his head, but was clutching my hand. "Naveed is dead you
and Major Daniels shot him 6 times. Sadly one of his rounds hit you.
It punctured your right lung. Why did you stand? You were safe, all
you had to do was shout for the guards."

"Tam, there wasn't time, the General was coming out of the office. If
we didn't act he would've been killed. It was my duty." I saw the
fatigue and worry on his face. "You look so rough my love. How long
has it been?"

"You were shot 3 weeks ago. You slipped into a comma after you woke
from surgery. The General was seeking to medevac you to Germany. After
consulting the doctors the King forbade it." His lips crashed against
mine, "As to my appearance, try sleeping in a hospital chair for three
weeks." He pushed the call button.

"The Bulgarian Tam, did they get him?"

Tam paused then replied, "He was shot dead as he fled the hotel."

The nurse entered. Her eyes told me she too was smiling behind her
hijab. She took my vitals and said, "I will tell the doctors, and our
father Tamam." Then she departed.

Papa Omar, Naser, Najib, and the doctors entered the room. I knew they
were doctors because they flipped on the fucking lights without
warning. Damn that hurts the eyes, even my Tamam grumbled. Papa Omar
rested his forehead to mine rubbing his nose on mine. "I am so happy,
I thought I failed my friend again." He kissed my forehead.

I clutched his hand weakly, "Neither you nor your family has EVER
failed me or mine, Papa."

* * * *

The doctors did what doctors do ran tests and patted themselves on the
back. I was in the hospital another four weeks when another familiar
face was at my door. "Good morning General Mallory!" I asked Tam if I
could talk to him alone. He nodded and left the room closing the door.

"Back at you son." He replied with a smile. He looked at my service
dress uniform hanging on the closet door and ran his fingers over the
three stripes. "First time I ever promoted someone while they were
asleep." he laughed "I just flew in to drop of the first off the two
new AWACS birds. I had to stop by and thank you for my life." He shook
my hand and sat in the chair next to my bed. I adjusted the bed so I
was sitting. "I am told that Doctor Connor is going to release you on
convalescent leave today. Any ideas where you will be recouping?"

"Papa Omar wants me out at the ranch." My eyes misted over as I asked
if he had been told the rest.

"Yeah, Doc Connor told me. He said when the bullet hit your scapula it
shattered and went back into your right lung. It destroyed a crap-load
of tissue. He also told me the Medical Review Board has recommended
your retirement." his voice cracked as he continued "You are just so
damn small son. I don't see a comeback on one and a quarter lungs.
Added to the other damage you've earned the retirement."

I was now crying, "God, sir I thought you'd be the one telling me to
fight my way back."

"Jono, I don't believe in blowing sunshine up anyone's ass. I told you
once it was time to think outside your career field. Maybe it is time
to think outside the service. You told me the Air Force was an means
to an end. With your VEAP and VA benefits you can finish your
education. If you were to make it back through the review board, and
they reversed the ruling, you'd NEVER make it back to flight status.
Without that you'd never qualify to be on either AWACS or the Go Team.
Major Cawfield told me how you wanted to be on a flight-crew. That
just is not possible anymore."

"I guess I just needed a cold dose of reality. Thank you sir, for not
sugar coating it. Before I separate, is it possible to update my home
of record to stay here? I have lived my life as an American, but I am
Saudi too. I think I really need to know what that means. The base
Imam and his son have been tutoring me in the beauty of Islam."

Truth be told, Yahya had been present at my side every day for the
twelve hours Tam and Ben were on base. I began seeing the beauty my
father saw in the faith. Like Tamam, Reza, and Naser I doubt I would
ever be a particularly good Muslim.

He rubbed my hair, "Jono, I do think that can be arranged. In fact I
don't think these folks will let you go. I will make sure the
paperwork is ready in the orderly room. Oh, one more thing. I need you
out on the air field this afternoon in your service dress uniform at
1500. I wanna show you something cool."

"Forgive my appearance in advance. It'll look like I am wearing a duffel bag."

He replied, "It's not the uniform that is important. In the end, it
comes down to the man who wears it." He shook my hand and then he left
the room. Tam came in and held me till I regained composure. I was all
his now, and for this moment in time it was more than enough.

* * * *

Why does it always take so long to get out of a fucking hospital? The
doctors and administrators came and went with kind words and parting
instructions. Finally Prince Aziz, the Trauma doctor who treated me,
and an orderly arrived with a wheel chair. "Is that really necessary?
If the media is out there, I want the world to see these bastards
failed! Can I please walk out under my own power?"

Aziz waived the orderly away. We exited the hospital, and the media
was there. Tam was to my left and Aziz to my right. Both men were
ready to catch me if I stumbled. Neither took this moment from me as
we entered the car and drove off to the base.

While in the hospital Najib managed to reverse the name change
associated with my Uncle Jack's adoption of me. I was beginning my new
life with my father's name.

That meant paperwork and quality time with Sergeant Dennis. "Jono!
Brah it is so good to see you! Shit man the place ain't been the same
without you." He grabbed my good arm and pulled me in for a Hawaiian
hug. To be honest the hugs from his Polynesian frame hurt before I was
shot.

As he released me and I could breathe again, I coughed and patted his
massive chest. "Good seeing you again too sir." He pointed to the
scale I removed my jacket and stood on the scale. My heart fell as it
was leveled at 78 pounds. I lost 20 pounds.

"Damn Brah, I didn't think it was possible for you to get skinnier."
He saw the pain on my face. "You'll get it back Jono. I got all the
paperwork done just need you to sign."

It took about twenty minutes to sign it all. "I'll have to run the ID
and line badge over to the Saudi side, our laminator is down again,
fuckin low bid piece of crap. I'll have them to ya before you leave
today. This is from our friends at finance."

I opened the fat envelope, "FUCK!" In my life I had seen a pile of
money. NEVER this much handed to me at once.

"I am told General Donnolly had your rank adjusted to your day of
enlistment. You were robbed brah. You shoulda come in as an A1C. That
is your adjusted back pay and benefit money."

I knew with his sad, "Pau Brah" and hug, we were done.

I sealed my paperwork and pay envelope in Tam's briefcase, and put my
jacket back on.

I rejoined Tam in the lobby and we headed over to the briefing room.
General Mallory was standing between the King and General Donnolly
CINC-USAFE. Captain Nelson called the room to attention.

General Mallory bellowed, "Senior Airman Al-Amin front and center."
Tam passed the briefcase off to Naser and fell in on my six. I know he
was there to catch me if I should fall. To be honest the ceremony was
a blur.

As General Mallory read the citations as General Donnolly formally
presented my Purple Heart and Silver Star for saving General Mallory.
I was advised Lt Col Daniels was awarded his earlier. General Mallory
called Vannessa and Omar Hassan forward. "By order of the Secretary of
the Air Force Senior Airman Jono Bin Aban Al-Amin for his valor and
exceptional devotion to duty is granted a Stripes For Exceptional
Performance promotion to Staff Sergeant United States Air Force. Nessa
and Papa Omar pinned on my new stripe.

Sgt Dennis handed the General my new ID and line badge, who in turn
presented them to me. After a brief reception in the mess hall I said
my goodbye's to my team mates.

Nasser said he would drive the baggage home. Najib walked the rest of
us to his "new toy" a gold, tan, and black Bell 222. Tam and I climbed
in the back and sank into the leather seats. His sister the nurse and
Nessa sat across from us. I am not sure who was whose escort.

Tam buckled me next to himself in like a child. I could have done it
myself, but I was too tired to fight. Besides I think it made him
happy to do for me.

* * * *

Once airborne Tam loosened my seat-belt so I could lean against him.
The sound of his heartbeat was better than any lullaby. A little over
an hour later we were landing on the ranch. Tam and Naser's sister
Fahima led Nessa to one of the guest suites.

Tam and Omar wanted Fahima close to me in case anything went wrong
with my health. Ben approved a two week permissive TDY for Vanessa to
help me get settled in. Tam set me down on the ground long enough for
Papa Omar and Najib to welcome me home. Then they led the way to the
house as Tam picked me up leaning the left side of my body against
his.

I slung my left arm around his neck and rested my nose against his
neck God I loved his smell. I missed not being with him sexually. It
must have been worse for him, seven weeks is a long time for a man to
go without. I knew we didn't have a lot of time he had to be back in
Riyadh on Monday.

He carried me into his suite and set me down as if I was going to
shatter. I started to remove my service jacket but my arm was not
doing what I wanted it to. I just did this earlier, why can't I do it
now I thought. I was getting frustrated. If I couldn't handle the big
buttons on the jacket, how in the fuck am I going to get the little
ones on the shirt open. A weak right arm. Damn what a cultural
nightmare this is.



Tam sensed my frustration, "You are tired, it will take time. Give
your body that time. Until then, let us help you. As you helped Naser
and Reza." He opened the buttons and slid the jacket from my shoulders
and then the shirt. He looked at as if he couldn't figure out how to
get the t-shirt off without hurting my arm.

"I have it from here Tam."

He smiled as I contorted inside the stretchy loose fabric. I had a
smile of victory as I emerged from the cotton prison, until I saw that
the smile fade from his face when he saw my body. He hadn't seen me
naked for seven weeks. Then I saw my own reflection in the wardrobe
mirror. My ribs were sticking through the skin like an over stretch
drum.

"Well we might as well see the rest." I drew a ragged breath and
kicked off my shoes and let my pants fall to the floor. Some people,
normal people would hardly notice a 20 pound weight loss. On me the
difference was huge. Immediately understood why Tam was looking at me
so differently, and why everyone was treating me as if I was made out
of delicate fine porcelain.

I sank to the floor crying. Tam sank down behind me pulling me into
his chest. "It is how your body heals. Your body needed all of its
resources to repair the damage to the trauma in your chest and
shoulder. Reza's mother and sisters have already adopted you and have
plans to fatten you up again. My sister will supervise your physical
therapy, with Naser or Najib to help you when I am in Riyadh."

I whined back, "I'm ugly, you deserve so much better."

"Jono, We have been through this. For me, there are none better. This
I know, I have had others. You have had a long day, it is time you
were in bed."

"Tamam, will you take me tonight, please?" I pleaded.

"Has my boy missed me, as much as I have missed him? We will have to
be careful." He stood then helped me up, and led me to his bed. He sat
me down on the edge and slowly removed his clothing for me so I could
see his body and all of its manly majesty.

I started to reach for his swelling member and he chastised me, "Jono,
use your right hand." Suddenly some parts of physical therapy were
looking downright enjoyable. It was difficult to maintain contact and
get a good motion going, but I guess that was the point he was trying
to make. Thankfully it didn't take long for him to develop.

I leaned forward and took the head of his leaking shaft between my
lips. After a few minutes of treating me to pure oral delight from his
rod, he took over and pushed me back on the bed.

He covered my body with his. Kissing my lips, working his way down to
my neck, and then he went over to the right shoulder. He started
kissing the tender tissue around the scar that had begun forming. I
remembered my father telling me kisses could heal. With Tam I knew
they would.

He raised my legs, resting them on his shoulders. Reaching over to the
nightstand he grabbed the tube of lube. Unlike our first night, he
squeezed a little into the palm of his hand and warmed it. Then he
coated his finger in the warm lube and gently slid it inside me. My
lower lip disappeared between my teeth as I let out a soft low moan
pleasure. It was hard to believe how much a sphincter could tighten in
just 7 weeks.

Tonight was going to be almost like our first night together. I didn't
realize what he was doing at first but he had his left hand with the
lube just under my butthole. It wasn't until the insertion of the
finger that I realized he was dredging second and third fingers
through the fluid getting them ready for insertion as well.

As he worked up to the second and third digits, he began twisting and
wiggling them ever so gently. My hip started to buck back against his
hand. I was starting to thrash hard upon the bed and he put his left
hand on my chest, "Easy Jono, this is a trot not a gallop." He was the
stallion, I was the foal. His to teach.

His cock was rock hard, clearly he missed me. Slowly, gently he buried
his pole within me. My ass stretched to accommodate the huge invader.
My hips rolled to coax him on, and drive him in deeper. At long last I
felt his pubic hair tickle my butt cheeks. My stallion owned me,
completely.

His right hand slid from my hip and he caressed his fingertips across
my wound site. He smiled at me and kissed my right calf. He slowly
picked up speed as he thrust deep within me. Without touching it, I
shot my seed over my stomach and chest. The sight of it tripped his
orgasm as he seeded deep within me.

We showered and Tamam dressed me for bed in my camel brown silk
jammies. I curled up next to him. He pulled me close and he rested my
head on his chest. I heard the heartbeat of my love.

He asked me what were my thoughts on the day. "Tam, I hate endings."

"Jono, it is not an ending. It is our beginning."

He is my purpose now I thought, as the thumping of his heart lulled me
to sleep. Where he was, I was home.

--Continued?


--Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Tue, 22 Aug 2017 17:37:32 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 10 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 10 - The Prince & The Prisoner

Whoever thought of these three suites clearly designed it for a man and his
harem. The two master bedrooms in my suite were connected by the office
which in turn connected to the lounge. The hallway on our side connected to
Vanessa's suite. The other hall connected to the General's suite.

No sooner had the boys left and I started settling into the tub and really
relaxing, The STU rang. I quickly threw on my fluffy bathrobe and ran into
the bedroom answering the phone out of breath, "Airman Banks."

"Jono, this is General Mallory. Your special package in the Sea Stallion
just took off. Well done son. You have everyone in the chain of command
beyond happy. You were able to solve most of the problems without
compromising either side, well done. You did stretch my order a bit, and
I'm grateful you did."

"Thank you, sir. All I did was get both sides talking, and tell a story. I
let them come up with a solution."

"We both know that is bullshit Jono. Given how loudly the Ambassador has
been raving up his command chain, I would expect another phone call or two
if I were you Jono."

I replied, "There is a new problem though I hate to be the one to point to
the only cloud around the silver lining. The Marine we evacuated was the
only translator the embassy has. You know who they're going to ask to fill
that additional duty."

"I already got the request. Wally tells me that they can use a Saudi
translator for most stuff. They only need you for U.S. only business. Their
staff translator will be back in about a week, add to that the doctor
directed that you need to be on light duty for at least two weeks."

"Sir, I really want to get qualified before you leave."

"Jono, Good news on that front, I'm going to be leaving Friday morning.
Your team and I have been invited to a regimental awards banquet, formal
dress on Thursday night. You'll be pleased to know the last of your
trainees just got an HQ. In the initial cadre only one received less than a
highly qualified. You and Vanessa are to be congratulated for what you did
with the air surveillance technicians. Your results are practically unheard
of. I have been on a full-court press to get Vanessa to reenlist. If she
has found someone, please for the love of god, sour the relationship. We
need to keep her on active duty." He laughed.

"Sorry, I could no sooner steal her happiness than I could exist without
breathing. Please don't make that request in order," I teased, "I would
hate for you to have to call the JAG back for me to surrender for
court-martial." I joked back.

"Jono, the one truth about the military is, people come and people go. I
just wish I had an entire command of people like you and Vanessa. I've got
a couple whiny officers over in the weapons cell who had four troops that
got unqualified or committed safeties. Have to go kick some ass now. Well
done again Jono, on both fronts."

"Thank you General, I'm going to get a good night's sleep tonight. I am
completely spent. How did Lt Nejem do in the AMC position?"

"I am told highly qualified. I'm also told that both you and Vanessa
unofficially coached him as well. You guys sure as hell are multifaceted.
On a side-note Jono some of the girls are being followed around inside the
hotel. Can we move the four of them into Nessa's suite? If so, could you
make arrangements with security to make sure that they are not bothered?"

"I'll take care of that before I turn in Sir."

"Jono, you need to start thinking outside your career field. Breakfast,
tomorrow, my suite. That is you, Daniels, and I. For now son, take a nap.
You earned it."

I hung up the STU and Pete was knocking on the door, "Is everything okay?"

"Pete, if you don't go fuck your boy friend right now, I swear by all that
is holy, I will shoot you through the door!"

I heard Reza giggling in the background.

I went back to the bathroom, the water in the tub was starting to chill. So
I drained it, grabbed my food tray, water bottle and returned to the
bedroom. I started playing with the ribbon that Papa Omar had wrapped
around the body of the Cello. the first thing I noticed it was about 10
inches too large for my waist. Just not fair, I thought even my cello's
waist is bigger than mine. I found where the belt of the ribbon had been
attached it was done with tape.

I unlocked the office door and entered. To make sure Pete would be happy
with security; I immediately crossed and locked the doors to Tam's room and
to the lounge. I found a roll of tape on the desk and scissors in the
drawer. I also retrieved the doctor's prescription note from the safe and
returned back to my room. I trimmed the belt size down. I reused the excess
ribbon to make matching strings to hold the prescription in place. I tried
on my handy work admiring it in the full length mirror. I am not sure if it
was my small frame or the HUGE size of the bow and ribbon but the look was
perfect.

The belt covered a six inch swath of my tummy covering my belly button. The
ribbon tails from the bow stretched down to my ankles. I was tempted to run
down the hall and see if Reza agreed but I did not want anyone to see me
like this until Tam did. I looked down at the snack tray to find it empty,
bummer. Finished the bottle of water as well. I was far too excited to
sleep.

Fuck! How long have they been fucking? The clock said fifteen twenty-three.
Crap two and a half hours. I thought Tam and I had some marathon sessions.
Still it was their first time together. It probably takes longer just to
figure out who gets tied up. I chuckled at the image in my mind.

The hotel phone rang evening snack. I chose the old standby yogurt, cheese,
fruit, and bread. I knew they would be up in ten minutes. I threw on a gold
running suit and tucked Pete's pistol in the jacket pocket and walked into
the hall. I grabbed the step ladder that the guards found for me and
stationed it in front of the door. I heard the chime for the elevator and
out came the trolley. The guards approached the waiter.

He was a cute looking guy about five foot two, with a slim build.
Apparently he moved a little too slowly for the guards liking. They grabbed
him and forced him against the wall, while the others lifted the lid on the
tray, the skirt on the trolley and examined every place that someone could
hide a weapon. The waiter now completely in point of submission flat
against the marble wall, and was aggressively pawed and searched. The
Sergeant's hands lingered a little longer when it reached the young man's
ass he parted one cheek and then the other.

When the guards were content they released the waiter. Who quickly smoothed
his sharp fitted uniform. To make himself presentable and wrinkle-free
again. He dropped his eyes when the Sergeant shoved his finger in his face.

The trolley was then rolled to the door. I stepped down off of my stool and
waited. I knew because of tradition they would knock first, then they would
ring the bell if no one answered. I was starting to get in on the sequence
of events here. When is hand hit the door, I gave it a two count and opened
wide the door.

The sergeant smiled and chastised me about not using the peephole. I
pointed at the tiny ladder to the right of the door and promised him that I
had. He pointed at the pocket apparently noticing how much it was sagging.
I reached in and slowly turned my wrist to show the handle of the Derringer.

"That will not stop much." he announced.

I replied, "I have a habit of hitting what I aim at. Even if I only wound
my attacker, this will make noise and you and your men will investigate
swiftly."

"Like the summer wind young Prince."

"Sergeant, you know that I am no prince."

"To the men of your father's unit, you are the mightiest of Princes. You
are his only surviving son, we must protect his legacy." He pointed to my
eyes and said, "I like what you have done." He then gestured to the thick
eye make up around his eyes, "Very commanding." Our discussion was cut
short by the ding of the elevator. He pushed me back into the rotunda as
his men swarmed around the opening.

Nessa put her hands up, "It's just me guys." She noticed the open door.
"Let me guess there's some little miscreant on the landing who has everyone
on heightened alert?"

I stuck my head around the corner, "Why are you home so early?"

She walked over to me, "The entire air surveillance staff is on stand down
for the day, due to our outstanding evaluation results. All of the trainees
were raving about their 'tiny giant' who was missing, and how they wished
he was there to share their victory. Your trainees like you kid, and they
wish you a swift recovery." I noticed the guards even puffed their chests
out. I motion to Vanessa to come in.

"I have ordered a snack, they always send up too much. I would love to
share it with you on the terrace."

We walked through the rotunda into the lounge. The waiter asked, "Did I
hear you correctly, that you wished to be served on the terrace?"

I replied "Yes, I notice your accent isn't local. It sounds like you come
from the Eastern province, but a touch of the South as well."

"I am from Bahrain. Your ear is as good as they say sir." Nessa moved to
the other side of the young man and made a fanning motion with her hand as
if to say he's hot. "I heard your meeting with the head of the Justice
Ministry went well this morning."

"How odd, I was introduced to him as his Excellency the Judge."

The waiter replied, "Many in government power will downplay their
importance to find out what you really think. He was praising your wisdom
to Mr. Hassan, very loudly on his way through the lobby."

"Do you know Mr. Hassan?"

"Not personally, but he is a very powerful attorney in Bahrain and in Saudi
Arabia. I am currently going to school to become a lawyer. I hope I have a
small percentage of his skill. His words have toppled mighty men from
power, and brought down governments."

I replied, "He is an imposing man. He is also one of my surrogate brothers.
His Papa held me the very day that I was born."

The color drained from the young man's face. "You know Judge Hassan? He
considers you one of his sons?"

Each day that goes on, I learn something about my new family. Omar was not
only a lawyer of some renown, he was also a judge. Judging by the look of
panic on our young server's face one of great power. I put my hand on his
shoulder. "Relax to me he is just Papa Omar. Now let us set up this tray,
I'm hungry."

He quickly set up the small table and transferred the contents of the
trolley onto it. Then adjusted the sunshade to filter the light. "Please
forgive my earlier candor, my family can only afford my school fees, I need
this job to live."

"You have nothing to fear from me. It is very lonely being here. It's nice
to have someone to talk to. I prize knowledge very highly, and you have
taught me much." Nessa, went into belle mode. She started plating food for
both her and I. I held up my finger and ask for Vanessa to wait just a
moment.

The waiter cleared the rotunda, and the door had closed. I slowly walked to
the front door. Heard the ding of the elevator and the doors open then
close. I open the front door and motioned for the sergeant. I invited him
into the rotunda and close the door.

"Sergeant who was that young man?"

"That was Naveed Yasin the most clumsy waiter you will ever meet in your
life. I will make sure he never bothers you again."

"Sergeant please don't. In fact if you could convince the hotel quietly,
when he is scheduled to work, have him bring my meals to me. If there is a
way for you to do it, I would like neither the hotel, nor he know that I
made this request. He knows and speaks well of my new family, I would like
to learn more."

"I shall do as you wish Mister Al-Amin. Why do you only refer to me as
'sergeant'?"

"Because no one has made an introduction. I only know of you as sergeant
because of the rank on your epaulet."

He laughed, "Then I shall introduce myself to you. I am Yahya Al-Ali. I
would introduce you to the entire staff but, you should not leave such a
beautiful woman alone. I am told you are her protector. That is what you
should be doing. Later I will introduce you to the men." With that he
opened the door and departed and I walked back out to the balcony.

Mama Bear gave me a great big hug and told me to sit. Then handed me my
plate. "I'm told I'm going to be doing this a lot. Especially if things
continue to go so well with that hunk of a Hassan you have me set up with.
Jono, he is so gorgeous, thank you. I was hoping that the Captain would
have brothers, but I was not expecting to get the best looking of the lot.
Anytime you want to give me scraps, I will gladly catch them."

"Oh Mama Bear, I know you hate it but you're going to have to be in
southern belle mode for a while. Najib Hassan does enjoy western women. I
sense something a little more when he looks at you. If he desires a longer
relationship, you will have to learn some of his ways as well, at least
when you are in public together. This morning's meeting taught me he is a
rising star. I would bet my bottom dollar that he is seeking a position in
the Justice Ministry. That means an appointment as prosecutor followed by
an appointment as judge."

"I heard you were able to get the Marine released. That was no small feat."

"Well if Tam's brother was able to get the head of the Ministry of Justice
to become involved, I would not be surprised to find out that the
prosecutor who was here was no small fish either. Which means today was a
setup."

"Jono, that is very cynical of you. Why couldn't he just want to help you
out?"

"Mama Bear, its part of the Intel gig. When you're analyzing Intel you take
it all at face value initially. Then you pick it apart, you analyze it to
see if you're being played. Even the truth can play a part in a
misdirection. Now I do believe Najib to be an honorable man. That doesn't
mean he's not above using me to his own end. Not a problem, it's how the
game is played. I just like to know when I'm sitting up to the table."

I caught two shadows moving behind me. I pretended not to see them as I
continued to talk to Vanessa. I walked out onto the pool deck keeping my
back to the lounge and the door. The larger shadow lunged at me as I
grabbed his wrist and did a shoulder throw, dropping him to the pool deck.

"Pete, I did tell you my big brother was very protective right? He knew he
couldn't be there to protect me from the bullies, so he taught me how to do
a few good throws. Never underestimate a tiny person." I kissed his
forehead and helped him up.

"Jono! Don't be so rough with my new boyfriend." Nessa almost choked on the
food in her mouth.

"Reza, I cradled this head so it didn't hit the concrete." With my right
hand I reached into my pocket and withdrew the derringer he loaned me. "I
believe this is yours. Thank you for the loan." He took it and shoved it
into his inner jacket pocket. Then I pulled his Colt 1911 from my other
pocket and returned it to him. "I believe this is yours as well. I relieved
you of it while you were flying over my shoulder."

"Jono, it is quite clear I'm going to have to update the skills listed in
your dossier to include pickpocket."

"Small hands are light and fast hands." I replied.

Nessa spoke, "Um Jono, did I miss something while I was at work? Agent
Pete, you might want to check your holster before you try to put your
weapon in it." She began laughing as he removed the cookie that I placed in
the holster.

"Let me get this straight. You threw me, and while you were throwing me,
you removed my loaded weapon from its secured holster, and replaced it with
an oatmeal raisin cookie. All without me noticing."

I shrugged and gave a three word reply, "You looked hungry." Reza busted
out laughing, then hugged his humbled lover. "If it helps Pete, I did the
same thing to the special agent assigned to assist our home unit, Alex
Fibrin."

"It's a good thing you know him, he is my relief. You should also know he
is a lieutenant colonel. He is also as straight as they come, and a
complete homo-phobe. He is a hunter, be on your guard."

"We have a good working relationship from the past. It's nice to know there
are going to be boundaries. Did he tell you he's used me on a case or two
in the past?"

"No, he did not." Pete had an annoyed look on his face.

"Well he was working with the Army CID on a drug case. A couple of
specialists out of Frankfurt were smuggling large amounts of heroin into
Bremerhaven. Then using the army supply system to distribute the smack
throughout Europe. You'll like this part he and I had to go out as a gay
couple. I'll be able to handle him."

Pete replied, "You said you worked a couple of cases with him."

"The other was an espionage case. We found the guy. The colonel took his
own life rather than being taken into custody. I really don't want to talk
about that one."

"I know that case, it was a tough one. I didn't know you were involved.
Fibrin didn't even put your name in his case file, he just called you the
listener."

"That was the point. He just needed my ear." I replied

Nessa looked at me in disbelief, "Jono, you're a spy?"

"No ma'am! I'm a patriot. The colonel was selling secrets to the Soviets.
He was a coward who profited from his treachery and put our soldiers' lives
in jeopardy. When he knew he was caught, he chose to take his own life,
rather than stand up to the charges. As to the others they were dealing in
death. I have absolutely no regrets about that case at all."

Vanessa rested her hand upon mine in a gesture of apology. I put my other
hand on top of hers. "Forgiven Momma Bear, the technical term was OSI
augmentee. Agent Fibrin trusted me, because he had already investigated me.
He knows I have an obscene crush on my supervisor, but I'm too afraid to
act on it. We have a tattle-tale in our Squadron."

Nessa responded, "Do tell..."

"When we deployed to Denmark she called the wives of any servicemen who
cheated on them. She's a bible thumper and believes that her opinion was
fact. Which is odd, because I wasn't dipping my wick into every available
female in the squadron she labeled me as gay. Apparently she knew before I
did. You'll be pleased to know Nessa, she's rotating back to the States.
Master Sergeant Rhodes won't be bothering us anymore."

"That fucking bitch!" Nessa shrieked. "She was my tent mate on that
deployment. I told her I had been flirting with you and you rejected me
outright. It was my fault, I am so sorry."

"She will be gone before you get back, best to just let her go. Sadly looks
like you're going to be getting some new roommates. The General wants to
move all of the women posted to Riyadh into your suite." She told me it was
not a problem in fact she was lonely in the six bedroom suite.

"It looks like my tomorrow is shaping up to be a meat grinder as well. My
cup runneth over. I get to start my day having a private breakfast with
General Mallory and Major Daniels. Apparently when he said that he wanted
to have breakfast with me today, he wanted to have breakfast with me alone.
He wants to talk about my future. You'll get a kick out of this Nessa, he
wants me to break up your romance, to get you to reenlist."

Nessa and the men began laughing. "I told him I would not break your heart,
and that he would have to charge me with dereliction of duty if he made it
in order." She kissed my hand. The door opened and Captain Nelson stepped
in with Lt Nejem. As they walked out to the Terrace I thought to myself
those two are going to be harder to hide with Fibrin around.

"Nessa, could you make the rounds and invite your new roommates up." She
gave me a shoulder hug and departed.

I asked Lieutenant Nejem why he wasn't being held back. "Because the
Airspace Management Coordinator committed no error. It was all on the
weapons cell. Thank you for teaching us how to protect ourselves from those
weapons asses. You were quite right when you said their ego is only one
step down from the fighter pilots they control. Sadly, whenever any section
makes an error, it reflects on the senior director. Your Tamam is having a
bad day."



"Adar, I will make his day better. I just wish I could get my head wrapped
around this new problem, how to hide us from Agent Fibrin. This sucks, but
solutions often come in nibbles. God I'm craving bacon." Both Reza and Adar
turned their heads so fast that I thought they would get whiplash. "Guys
I'm still American I grew up on it. Bacon is bubba comfort food, and right
now I'm craving salt." Ben and Pete agreed that bacon sounded good right
about now.

"So Reza, how are you going to keep the guys entertained while I am
entertaining and reversing the ill temper of one Tamam Hassan?" He simply
replied shopping and food. "Please do something about THAT suit. I promised
to show him how to buy off the rack and still look good. With this new
wrinkle I doubt I will be able to honor that promise."

Reza smiled as his eyebrow arched, "Oh yes, I can dress him."

"Just remember that move that I did on him. He may have to do on someone
else. The suit must be loose and able to function, but not look like a
sack. It has to be form flattering, but can't be form-fitting. It also has
to hide his gun."

Reza teased, "I concur no one else should see his gun other than I."

"You know what I'm talking about, behave big brother"

Pete fired back, "Okay Jono, what the hell is wrong with my suit?"

Ben spoke up first, "In Jono's defense the suit does look like shit."

Adar added, "It is baggy, cut poorly, and the pattern is old and the fabric
would be appropriate on an old couch."

Reza delivered the coup de gras, "In any nation it screams cop or spy."

"Which is how this whole fucking sleigh ride started." I spat out. "Maybe
just a little ham. Oh wait that's not available here either. Big brother I
don't suppose you know of a black market butcher who sells forbidden cured
pork products? Crap can't go that route we have to keep a low profile."

"My poor, tormented, baby brother."

I went to talk to Sgt Al-Ali. I open the door and all of the men snapped to
attention the sergeant was sitting in a chair next to the elevator and he
to rose to attention. I acknowledge them and they relaxed. Then walked over
to the Sergeant. "Yahya, have they returned?" I pointed to the door of the
General's Suite and the sergeant shook his head no. "I tell you my friend I
am having a truly crappy week. "Have you ever spoken poorly of your
officers?" Again he shook his head no but his men laughed.

Daggers shot from his eyes at them, "What is the nature of your dilemma my
little Prince."

"In their infinite wisdom, they decided to put the safety of the women
assigned to Riyadh under my direct control. The lowest ranking person in
the detachment, what are they thinking? A better question is are they
thinking?"

I sighed, "Sergeant Gilmore is one thing, she is practically family. I'm
having trouble with one sister, now I have five. What makes it worse is
they all outrank me. Do you know where my favorite place is?" He shook his
head. "Alone. That is my favorite place to be in this world, IS ALONE. My
friend have you ever tried to be alone, surrounded by five nagging females?"

He and the men all laughed. "Young prince the women under your charge will
be protected, as will their privacy."

"I am sorry for my outburst. Thank you for all you have done."

"Mighty Prince, you have had to adapt to much in a very short amount of
time. I was waiting for you to lose your temper. I am grateful you did not
lose your temper with us. Often times the subject of a security detail will
lash out against his guards. You have made sure we are fed. You have made
sure that we knew how much you appreciated us. That is unheard of. You've
proven yourself to be bin Aban Al-Amin, the son of your father, and a
worthy successor of his legacy."

He took me around and introduced me to his men. I thanked them again, and
returned to my suite.

Reza was waiting in the rotunda, "You have been making sure they are fed?"

"I may have asked room service send up strong coffee and tea as well as
some snacks through the night. It's the least I can do."

"That is unheard of, and very kind. Tamam is on his way. This is for you."
He handed me a green satin bag. "It is flavored like cherry, and will
extend your pleasure with my worthless brother." Reza kissed me, not like a
lover, as a dear friend. "He likes cherries as much as he loves the smell
of sandalwood on you. It was wrong of me to put my scent on you. If you go
shower now you can remove it. Leave the eyes like this, he likes the kohl."

"Thank you Reza for your honesty. While you are out can you find me some
kohl without the henna?"

"I know just the type. It will wash off clean, so that you will not be
teased in uniform. Hurry, go prepare for your man." I slipped back into my
bedroom stripping off all my clothes jumping in the shower to remove the
jasmine from my body. Scrubbing and exfoliating every square inch of my
body to remove the offending scent. I should be angry with Reza, but he
cared enough to tell the truth in the end.

I performed four more enemas just to make sure I was sparkling clean for
Tam. In the fourth I squirted in a little bit of Reza's magic elixir. I
felt a warming feeling from my core. It felt so good I was having trouble
keeping my ass clenched. My cock swelled as the solution ran over my balls
and down the length of my shaft. It sprang to full attention. I lost
control of my ass and the crystal clear fluid poured out. I rinsed my body
in ice cold water but my erection would not subside.

Reza came into the bathroom with a large bath sheet. He open the shower
door and told me, "Tam is in the lobby. You need to get ready." He started
drying me aggressively making sure that all of the water was removed. Even
under his rough ministrations my cock still would not subside.

He helped me put on the bow. Then posed me on the bed, facing the full
length mirror and entryway. Telling me the whole time to quit squirming and
to trust him. He showed me a pair of handcuffs with green fur around the
cuff.

"These restraints are for play, and will show Tamam how much you trust him.
It is not like it was in the hospital. You will like this, I promise."

I don't know why, but I did trust him and allowed him to cuff my hands
behind my back. Not tight enough to hurt, but tight enough to say I am no
longer in control and going nowhere.

He gave a tug on the cuffs. "These will make him desire you all the more as
his little western prisoner. It is a common fantasy among many Arab men.
Trust me Jono, I told you he will never take you face down. This way, you
are irresistible."

He put three overstuffed pillows underneath my hips to raise my bottom up.
He must have found a piece of the green ribbon in the trash because he
fashioned a cute little ribbon and threaded the key to the cuffs through
it. "This will tell him it is a game and you are his willing participant.
Now where can I leave it where he will find it." He took the ribbon and
tied it around the base of my cock and balls with the key resting on top of
my painfully swollen sack.

Reza came in front of me and looked at my face. "You are so damned cute
Jono, I am tempted to take you myself." I begged him not to. I told him I
only wanted Tam. "Not to worry little one. I will not deprive my older
brother from his fun nor yours from him. Now, close your eyes, and open
your mouth. Trust me, Jono." He put what felt like a small rubber ball in
my mouth I felt something soft against my cheek which quickly went tight.
The ball was pulled until my jaws ached from the strain, as he locked the
gag in place.

When he pulled back he saw the panic in my eyes. He kissed my forehead,
"Not to worry little one this is just a game."

He walked around the bed behind me with two larger pairs of cuffs, he
spread my legs wide and, fixed one to my left leg and tied it down to the
bed frame and one to my right leg binding it to the bed frame. He stepped
back adjusted the bow and admired his work. "Something is missing. Tonight
must be something completely new." He walked around the bed again and
kissed me softly on my cheek. "Do you still trust me?"

I shouldn't but I shook my head yes. "Good, I have an idea." He grabbed my
key-chain and went into the closet. When he came out he had something up
his sleeve. He walked around behind me I could only see what he was doing
through the reflection in the mirror. He withdrew and object from the
sleeve, a long thin dildo. He began lubing, and filling it up with his
special lube, then gently pushed it inside of me.

"Jono, you're going to love this one as much as I do. It does two
magnificent things. First, this has a small battery-powered heater in it
that maintains the lube in the warm state, making it feel life like. It
pumps fluid into the little bulb reservoir near the base that inflates,
like the knob on a dog's cock, locking it in place and the wide base and
fake balls on the end keep it from sliding all the way in. I know, Jono, I
said it does two things, well here's the second thing it does."

He reached down and pressed a button then the dildo came to, life, gyrating
inside me, then it would vibrate, and then it would give three or four deep
pushes into my bowels.

"Not to worry little one, Tam knows how to remove it. When he does the
pressure of your ass against the bulb will squirt all of that lube that is
contained inside the dildo deep inside your bottom. Even if Tam doesn't use
the lube, you will be able to apply it on him. Not to worry little one it's
nothing that will hurt him or you. Its my own special formula encourages
vascular action. Oh wait, I have some on my hands now. Maybe it would be
better to show you what it does."

He slowly worked the remnant from his hands onto my cock. I didn't think it
was possible for it to get harder but it did. He whispered in my ear, "The
effect mimics priapism it causes an uncontrollable erection. This will
guarantee you have hours of blissful sex with Tam. He will be very angry
with me in the morning, but if you can walk after tonight's fucking you
will love me forever."

Pete entered seeing me blush, "Sorry, damn you are cute Jono. Nessa is
delaying Tam at the elevator. We have to go now, so these two can be alone."

"Almost ready my sweet Pete. Jono, and I must have a little chat, one happy
bottom to another." Pete looked at his watch and tapped it and made a wrap
it up sign.

Once he had left Reza whispered into my ear, "Now the medicine will fade on
its own, but if you cannot wait for the effects to wear off, all you have
to do is wash it off with soap and water. In about fifteen to twenty
minutes the swelling will cease.

Reza kissed my forehead and told me, "My brother deserves only the best,
and so do you. Enjoy the night." With that he reached down and tickled my
testicles. Then he walked out leaving the door slightly ajar. I heard him
greet his brother at the door. "I believe Jono may be napping, you should
look in on him soon."

"Reza, if the boy is tired we should just let him sleep. He needs to
recover. Add to that I have had a truly foul day. I do not want to ruin his
good day with my bad one." I was now panicking. The last thing I wanted was
to be discovered like this in the morning. I could imagine the general
walking in to find out why I missed breakfast only to discover me trussed
up like some kind of erotic turkey.

"Tam the boy has been looking forward to seeing you all day long, he has
been lonely. He has some very good news for you. You should go look in on
him. Doctor's orders."

"Need I remind you little brother, that you are not a doctor yet. Very well
I will do a little paperwork, and then I will look in on my boy. Sheesh you
nag worse than our mothers." I heard the door close. Then Tam's footfalls
walked away from the rotunda, through the lounge, and into the kitchen. I
heard a splash of some kind of liquid in a glass. He was probably having a
scotch. He deserved it, he did have a bad day.

Mine wasn't ending so hot right now either. I heard his footfalls again as
he walked back through the lounge, he was going to the office. Good the
office was still locked from earlier in the day, I never got around to
unlocking it. I heard his hand on the handle then a colorful metaphor being
dropped. I heard his footfalls as he made his way through the lounge back
into the rotunda and into the hallway.

My heart broke as he walked past the door to his own room. I heard the
power in his stride as his heels hit the floor. I heard his hand on the
handle of the office again, YES! I'd remember to lock his side as well.
Another string of obscenities. He paused for a while I didn't hear him
move. I just hope he didn't fall down on his bed and sleep. The action of
the dildo in my ass was starting to become irritating, bordering on painful.

Oh how I longed for my loves pliant, long, hard cock. Tamam wanted to get
into the office clearly. I heard his footfalls in the hallway again, as
they approached the door. I heard the door slowly open he was trying to
sneak by me without disturbing my slumber. Thanks to a few of Reza's well
placed scented candles the room was thick with the perfume of sandalwood in
cherry. I rolled my eyes up and saw Tamam framed in the door. The glass of
scotch down below his waist line. For a moment I thought he was going to
drop it from the shock of seeing me in such a compromising state.

"Clearly you and Reza have been busy. but this will not work until you are
cleared from the doctor. I was in a panic again.

He reached down and found a note on the chifferobe he read it aloud,
"'Please my Captain, take this worthless prisoner as a spoil of war. He has
many talents that you will enjoy, Please review the menu of approved
offerings covering his pussy.' Jono, I normally do not enjoy this kind of
game-play, but my prisoner is so cute. How can I reject his advances, wait
there's still no release from the doctor. I should leave you like this
tonight to teach you a lesson."

He walked around behind me; I had to look at his reflection in the mirror.
When he saw the prescription note covering my bottom he reached down and
removed it. He read aloud as well. "Well with that gag in place clearly the
first item is off the menu for now. So you will have to wait to swallow my
seed. However I'm on this side of the bed now. I suppose I should start
here and work my way up." He slowly removed his uniform and let it fall to
the floor even via reflection he was magnificent. He took one last long
drink and drained his scotch and set the empty glass down upon the
chifferobe.

He climbed onto the bed next to me, his hand made contact with the dildo
driving it in just a little bit further while it was on a deep stroke. I
winced and arched my back. "Is this thing causing you discomfort little
one?"

I shook my head yes. He turned it off and gave it a quick tug as the bulb
strained against my ring. I winced again. "That's right we have to do this
first. Tam hit the switch and I could feel the synthetic cock releasing its
load of lube into my bowels. He slowly twisted and removed the synthetic
member from my now tender bottom.

"Ooh, that looks tender. Should I stop?" I shook my head no. "Does my
captive still want me to conquer him?" I shook my head yes, and grunted in
the affirmative. "I do remember a certain physician telling me that you are
raw down there, and I must use plenty of lube." Tam kissed by bottom then
announced that I tasted of cherry, and he enjoy cherry very much. His mouth
clench down on my asshole digging his tongue into the fruit flavored lube.
"Does my boy like cherry?" I shook my head yes. "Good because after I make
love to you, you may taste it for quite a while."

Looking at his reflection in the mirror was exciting. He removed the
elaborate bow and tails from my back weaving the waist strap alone on me.
He tossed the bow to the floor, then dug his fingers into my ass, finger
fucking me with his index, middle, and ring fingers. When he thought I was
sufficiently prepared, he withdrew them covered with a large amount of goo.
He began stroking it on his long member.

He smiled at me in the mirror, "Is my boy ready to serve his new master?" I
don't know whether it was simply a trick of the mirror, or Reza's magic
concoction actually made his cock bigger but it certainly looked that way.

Tam gently leaned over me and pressed his leaking head against my tender
bottom. He rested ever so lightly on me bearing all of the weight on his
elbows and whispering in my ear, "I will obey the doctor; I will take you
very gently."

The head of his shaft entered my ring. I don't remember it hurting like
this, Beads of sweat begin forming on my forehead Tam whispered "Shall we
continue?" I nodded yes obediently. That's how it went every inch or so, he
would stop to make sure I was okay to continue. When he would stop, the
pain would fade and become just massive waves of pleasure. It took almost
fifteen minutes for him to completely penetrate me. The pain of entry was
excruciating, I was starting to identify with a log being split.

I remembered the conversation with Reza that with increased blood flow I
might experience more sensation. I wonder if this is what he meant. Still I
had my man completely inside me that was no small feat. He started slowly,
ever so painfully slowly, pulling his meat in and out of my ass. He was so
tender, and gentle, I started to cry.

Tam saw my tears and stopped, "Jono, are you okay?" I shook my head yes.
"This is stupid." he announced, "One of the things I love about you is your
voice. Why should I deny myself that pleasure?"

He reach down between my legs and pulled the slipknot to release the key to
remove the gag. The strap fell quickly from my neck. Then Tam gently pulled
the ball gag from my mouth. I swallowed hard and took a deep breath
suddenly the pain didn't seem so extreme and there was a great deal of
pleasure down there. Then he uncuffed my wrists and let my arms free. Tam
asked, "Are you okay little one."

"Tam, I am sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you. The large bow was my idea.
Reza thought that you would never make love to me in this position. He
thought a little role play would encourage you. It also gave him an
opportunity to set up a little trap for the two of us."

"I take it I have wandered right into his, trap?"

"Considering the trap was inside my ass, I'd have to say, yes." I told him
about the lube's special properties.

He laughed. "I was wondering how I was able to last this long. Do you wish
to go shower and remove the affliction."

"Tam, I am fine, please do not remove yourself from me. I am not complete
unless you are inside of me."

He resumed his slow and arduous thrusts in and out of my tight bottom. Two
times this day stallions aided me. My stud was reaching a second and third
orgasm. He removed himself from me and then removed the cuffs from my
ankles freeing me completely. Apparently I was grinning ear-to-ear when he
pulled me on top of him, and kissed my lips. "Jono, are you ready for
dessert?" I cocked my head to the side and raised an eyebrow. "I promised
you would taste cherries, do you wish to taste cherry?"

"No, I want to taste you." His tongue burrowed inside my mouth. He kissed
me the same way that he had just finished fucking me, with restrained
power. I could still taste the cherry lube on his tongue. His hand was
still playing with my backside, except for now it wasn't just Reza's
slippery goo, it was very full of his seed too.

"Jono, I don't know about you my beloved, but I'm ready to get this shit
off of me. My cock is starting to hurt." he smiled and kissed me again and
started to reach over to pick me up.

"Tam, I can walk. My legs aren't even a little numb right now."

"Jono, I want to do this. You have given me so much. I love every bit of
you. I don't think of you as a small child. But I love the fact that you
are mine and I can care for you so completely."



"Well, if you're going to carry me, you might want to get something
underneath my backside, or I'll be dripping your cum and Reza's goo from
here to the shower." He grabbed his wife beater undershirt and pressed it
firmly against my ass forcing the fluids to remain inside. I started
developing that warm feeling again. I moaned and ground against his hand
through the shirt.

"My poor boy, my tiny foal, my brother has really outdone himself. You move
like a cat in season."

"That's the way I feel, I want more of you."

He swept me up and carried me into the shower and began preparing the enema
bottle with a soap and water mixture. When he inserted the tiny nozzle in
my ass, I wanted it sliding in and out of me, I wanted him fucking me. Tam
realize this was not going to work. He sat me down on the bench in the
shower and let the water cascade off of me. Then he told me to sit still he
would be right back. I started finger fucking my hole, anything would feel
better than the empty feeling I now felt.

Tam came back with a piece of latex that looked like a dildo. "Because you
cannot keep the wand and the fluid inside you, we must work around the
situation. He attached the phallic wand to the end of the enema bag's hose
and slowly inserted it in my backside; finally I had something causing
friction in my backside. It wasn't him but it would be a good substitute.
Tam lovingly held me up while he cleaned me out. I would have to hurt Reza
in the morning.

After the sixth cleansing, I was feeling a little more normal, at least for
a horny eighteen year old guy. Tam carried me into his room and pulled back
the bed coverings. He laid me down and then lay down next to me I knew I
was still sporting a hard-on. I assumed he was as well. I reached over and
found out it was still true. I knew it was my responsibility to take care
of it; after all I was the cause. After he initially blocked my attempt, I
reminded him he promised me dessert. He allowed my head to slide beneath
the covers. My lips greedily enveloped his pulsing cock. In very short
order had impaled myself on his rod.

It took almost fifteen minutes of hard sucking and diligent mouth work to
earn my treat, his fourth orgasm of the night. I swallowed every drop.
After all I had to make the doctor proud that I followed his prescription
so exactly. Tam's cock softened in my mouth; eventually I released it and
climbed up next to him. I swallowed several times to make sure his seed
would not be on my lips when I kissed him goodnight.

Tam surprised me by reaching down between my legs and grabbing a hold of my
cock. I was expecting just a quick hand job after all he was the top.
Instead he forcefully pushed me to my back. He kissed his way down my body
and then began sucking my cock. It was awesome. I knew there was no way on
earth I would last as long as he did. I asked him what I should do, he
replied, "Act like you enjoy it."

My hand dropped to his shoulder and I uttered, "But I do."

"An outstanding start." Then he returned to his labors.

After about ten minutes, I knew I couldn't last much longer. "Tam, I am
going to cum." He sucked harder. I repeated my plea, "Please Tam, I am
about to cum!" he redoubled again. I could no longer hold back "I'm
cuuuuummmmmmming!" He held me in his mouth until I finally, blissfully,
went soft. Then he covered my body with his and pressed his lips to mine. I
opened my mouth to receive his tongue. When his lips parted, my cum fell
from his mouth to mine. He kept his lips connected to mine until we
swallowed what he had shared with me.

When our lips parted, he looked deeply in my eyes and asked why I warned
him twice. "Because Reza told me he thought you would never do that. I
wanted to give you the option to just let it spill."

"And why did you allow Reza to tie you up like he did?"

"Because Reza thought you would never take me face down otherwise, because
you couldn't see my face."

"Do you know why I returned your seed to you?"

"Because I am the bottom and you are the top. I must learn my place."

"I hope you answer your questions on your testing Thursday better. You
answered all of my questions wrong. I shared my prize with you, because I
wanted to show my boy his seed is as sweet as the fountain from which it
comes. The answer to the error in the first two questions is the same. Any
phrase that includes the concept of my brother using rational thought
should be suspect. While I do prefer to be on top, I wish to make love to
all of you."

His lips brushed mine again then he whispered in my ear, "Your entire body
gives me such pleasure. I know that you are still a man, even though you
very much enjoy being with me. I very much enjoy being with you, all of
you. I knew there would be 'limitations' on our love making for a time
after your procedure. Understand this, it is not a sacrifice. I very much
love to be both with you, and in you."

He pulled back and looked deep into my eyes, "I will take with great joy
whatever you are willing to give to me. I have loved you since the first
time Naser spoke of you. Long before he ever showed me a photo of your
beauty. Long before we ever met, I loved all of you. When you joined your
military, I thought you were lost to me. My heart barely was contained
within my chest, when I saw your name on the list of instructors. I am
yours my beloved, just as you are mine. I will deny you nothing."

I was about to speak when he put his finger to my lips. "I know you have
shown me you feel the same." He pulled me to his chest and I fell into a
deep sleep.

- Continued

--

--Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Mon, 21 Aug 2017 12:19:34 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 09 (Gay/Military)

Chapter 9 - The Prince & The Stallion

We were awakened Tuesday morning to the annoying electronic alarm coming
from Tam's chronograph wristwatch. I never understood the allure of the
digital watch. Give me an old Timex any day. I use the term 'we' very
loosely, because it was actually I who was awakened by the alarm. I also
knew Tam had a full day of evaluations scheduled and his day was going to
be long again. Tam had fallen asleep holding me. He never even got out of
his uniform. I was tempted to rip his uniform off of him and take advantage
of him.

Above all things, I desired to be his good boy. "The sun is rising my
beloved..." I whispered in his ear, "...so to must the son of Omar." I
tickled his chin whiskers and slid my hand down to his stomach. My lips
caressed his cheek and then I locked my lips upon his in a passionate kiss
hoping to breathe life back into my slumbering giant.

His eyes slowly cracked open has he responded to my teasing. "You are worse
than a woman." At which point my pouty lip deployed. My hand slid slowly
from his stomach down to his trousers. I wonder if he knew how much his
uniform was like catnip to me. "Jono, are you forgetting your promise?"

"The doctor said nothing about me pleasuring you in other ways. Please
allow me to send you to work with a smile. Or does my mouth no longer
please you?"

He grabbed the back of my neck and kissed me passionately. His tongue
explored the inside of my lips, cheeks, and rolled around my tongue.
"Whatever shall I do with you Jono?"

"Whatever your heart desires my beloved. For my heart belongs to you." My
hand slipped down inside the waistband of his trousers. Then inside his
underwear to his semi hard cock, slowly swelling to its fully engorged
majesty. I pleaded, "Please Tamam, please let me do this for you."

He looked in my eyes, "I do not see what pleasure you get from this. But
you have color in your cheeks again, and the waxy pallor has gone from your
skin. But I will not have you exerting yourself." My pouty lip deployed
again. "Not until the doctor says you can. You frightened me last night
Jono. I was terrified that I was going to lose you. That can never happen
again. Please obey me."

I removed my hand from his magnificent wand and replied with a very
wounded, "Yes sir." I kissed his chin again. As annoying as this moment was
I reminded myself Tamam is perfect, but I couldn't stop my mouth. "I know
that I am six years younger than you. One of the things I have learned in
my short life is that you can find something to smile about or learn from,
even in the darkest of times."

I continued, "Last night was wholly my fault. I knew I was having a bad
reaction to the anesthesia. That triggered the drop in my pulse and BP. The
General was quite right, my body was having trouble digesting all of the
protein from dinner, that triggered the sweating and clammy skin. If you
were to have taken me back to the hospital my love, they would have shoved
an IV in my arm, and then they would have probably sedated me. That would
have compounded the problem and slowed my recovery. It may have even killed
me.

Tam, I trust you with my life, but you still have much to learn about my
body. I am going to give you this to smile about. If it was not for our
lovemaking, I would never have found out about the damage to my artery.
Your love, saved my life. How's that for something to smile about?"

Tamam smiled as he rubbed his nose against mine. "Jono that means more than
you can ever know. I suppose someone should get in the shower if they wish
to have breakfast with me."

"Of course I will shower for you. However, the General has already advised
he will be having breakfast with me."

"When have you ever had too much food?"

"Technically Tam, that would be last night. Please just order me some fruit
and yogurt."

He kissed my forehead saying, "I know better, that will not be enough." As
he left the room my tummy rumbled, maybe he is learning about my body. I
stripped off my pajamas, which were ripe with the smell of sweat. Then
padded into the bathroom. Every so often I caught a whiff of my own body
odor and was offended. That man must really love me, I thought to myself as
I scrubbed myself clean. I heard the door to the shower open as Tam joined
me.

"Breakfast has been ordered... I find I could not resist looking upon my
beautiful boy's body. But you shouldn't be standing so long." He switched
on the rain head shower head. He sat next to me on the shower bench. "No
overexerting yourself." He reminded me.

"This is no exertion." As I lathered the soap on his broad chest,
shoulders, and arms. By the time I reached his waist he was rock hard. He
made it clear this morning he would not fuck me, or let me blow him. I
lathered soap in my hands and began stroking his very eager pole with my
right hand as my left arm swept around his back pulling my frame in tight
with his. As the soap melted away I could feel the veins in his cock throb.
His breathing became erratic as his body tensed. I knew he was close. I so
wanted to drop to my knees and wrap my lips around his shaft, but his arm
held me in my place, like a mighty oak.

He was letting me know I had boundaries to this morning's play. If this was
the only way I could play with him I would not disobey him. He shot his
load and I caught as much as I could on my palm, and greedily licked my
hand clean. He kissed me and left me to finish my shower.

I grabbed a pair of Air Force sweats off the shelf. It made no sense
getting dressed up, if I was just going to hang around the hotel room. I
did don a pair of the sheer underwear that Tam bought for me. I also wore
the brand new blue athletic shoes. Once everything was covered I walked
down the hall and peeked into Tam's room he wasn't there. I almost made it
through the rotunda when I saw something with a big bow on it resting next
to the piano. "NO!" I shouted.

Note to self: it is not a smart thing to yell "no" in close proximity to
your armed security detail. To a bodyguard an excited gleeful shout, sounds
a hell of a lot like panic. The door flew open and footsteps ran through
the hallway in my direction. I held up my hands and looked at the security
detail and said "I'm sorry false alarm. I wasn't expecting this, as I
pointed to the beautiful old cello." Tamam put his hand on my shoulder.
Quickly remembering my surroundings I refrained from throwing my arms
around him, simply saying. "You shouldn't have sir"

Tam quickly replied that it was not he who gave me the cello. I removed the
card from the strings it simply said, "I hope this makes the time pass
quickly and your recovery short." It was signed Papa Omar.

The guard looked at me and said, "The porter brought it up last night. We
didn't think it would be a problem if he set it up." I thanked him and
apologized again for scaring them. "It is always good to train." They
withdrew from the room, and closed the door. Tam, Reza, Ben, and Adar all
looked at me expecting me to immediately play the instrument. I was spared
by the knock at the door.

Reza opened it to a packed landing. Nessa was the first through the crowd.
Giving me a crushing hug. "You look so much better today." Then she slugged
my arm. "That was for the scare last night." She then tenderly kissed my
cheek; She whispered in my ear, "That Baby Bear, was for the introduction
to Najib. He was a complete gentleman."

Najib smiled, "The General was kind enough to loan me a room last night.
Father wanted us all close to you. I see you found father's gift. Its name
is Mara, she was first strung in 1711 by Stradivarius. Father thought it
was a fitting gift because of the many birthdays and holidays he has
missed." I told him it was too extravagant. "Jono, we lost a member of our
family for half a decade. By God's mercy he was returned to us. Please let
us, welcome you home." I hugged Tam's big brother. Then General Mallory and
Major Daniels entered. I saw the dark circles under the General's eyes as
he fist bumped my shoulder.

"Jono, I didn't sleep much last night. I was second-guessing my decision
not to send you to the hospital most of the night. Thank you for proving me
right Airman."

"Have you ever had cardamom infused coffee General?" He shook his head no.
"Reza, please introduce the General to one of my favorite things on Earth."
The Major rested his hand on my shoulder as he passed by, mouthing the
words 'thank you.'

The entourage filed by me into the lounge leaving me alone with Tam and
Mara. After ensuring everyone rounded the corner I wrapped my arms around
his neck and kissed his chin. "May I have a few minutes alone to get to
know Mara?" He kissed my forehead and left me to get acquainted.

I plopped down on the piano bench adjusted Mara's endpin. I discovered to
my delight, it was as if she was designed to fit between my legs perfectly.
I quickly checked and sweetened her tune.

I chose to play the cellist's favorite piece, Bach's Cello Suite number 1.
I had just finished the Menuet II when I saw Tam standing in the door he
wore a sad smile. When I finished the Gigue, I looked at him again he had a
tear rolling gown his cheek. "Did I do something wrong."

"Mara was my mother's cello. That piece from Bach was her favorite. I
thought I would never hear Mara sing again. What made you play that?"

"I am sorry; it's actually just about every cellist's favorite piece. It's
one of the few written for the cello that doesn't sound overly maudlin. But
if it brings you pain, I will never play it again."

"This is not pain, but extreme joy. You have brought me so close to my
mother. It was as if she was playing for me again. Thank you for this
remarkable gift. Come let's rejoin the others. I have made arrangements
with the kitchen they will call up every three hours with something for you
to eat. You will take one of the three suggestions that they offer."

Thankfully his nagging was interrupted by a knock at the door. I open the
door Pete was there with a big smile saying, "Hey Jono, day watch is here.
Was that you on that big ol' fiddle?" I nodded an affirmative reply.
"Hell's bells son you had both of the security teams damn near leaning on
the door. You are really good. Speaking of really good, the breakfast
trolleys came up with me it smells great."

As the trolleys passed, I was greeted with good morning sir, or good
morning Mr. Al-Amin. The maitre'd advised me it would take just a couple
minutes for them to set up the buffet. Then handed me a leather folio that
contained suggestions for the rest of the day's meals. We will call in two
hours for your preferences for your next meal.

Pete continued, "Sorry for manhandling you last night Jono. It was just
easier for me to pick you up and carry you. You scared the hell out of all
of us."

"Pete I'll bet you haven't eaten either last night or this morning. Go join
the buffet, you can't defend me if you're not fed. Adrenaline and caffeine
doesn't replace food."

"Thank you Jono." With that Pete, Tam, and I rejoined the rest of the
menagerie waiting in the lounge.

The General said, "Jono that was outstanding playing son. You really are
going to be leaving the service at the end of this enlistment aren't you."

"General the Air Force has always been a means to an end. My goal is to get
my bachelor's degree out of the way so that I have something of value to
offer the world."

Major Daniels said, "Jono, a piece of paper is not an offer to the world.
You have real skill linguistically and musically. I have no doubt you
probably have far more to offer."

"Between Papa and Professor Ghorbani, I learned more about archaeology and
ancient civilizations than most professors I know. Just sucks that I have
to sit in a classroom to prove that I know it. Sorry for the use of the
colorful metaphor Sirs. But seriously, how many 'scholars' can read ancient
Persian cuneiform, or sanskrit without referring to a reference manual?"

Najib pulled Tamam and Reza away from the group and the three were in deep
discussion. I was curious but I knew my place.

"So General have you heard how the evaluations went yesterday. No one's
willing to worry me about my students."

"All but one of them got a highly qualified. You and Sergeant Gilmore are
obviously outstanding instructors."

Nessa chimed in, "Sergeant Mosbec got the qualified."

"We saw that coming didn't we Nessa. He will be a 'good' AST so long as he
is paired with an outstanding ASO. Sadly the ASO I would put him with is
Captain Nelson."

Ben replied, "Actually Jono, he's slated for a posting in Dhahran. I know
of an outstanding ASO there who will be able to take him under his wing.
You're not going to get rid of me that easily, by pawning off of
substandard AST on me. I trained the best, I want the best."

Nessa, "Hey! what am I chopped liver?"

The maitre'd interrupted my depressed thought with the announcement,
"Breakfast is ready for you sir and your guests. Please call down when you
are finished." I thanked him and asked him to thank the staff for their
outstanding service.

"Gentleman, Nessa, please grab a plate, grab some food, and as the Baptists
in my family would no doubt say, Let's have us some fellowship. My wish is
that you all have a safe and productive day. I wish I could be there with
you."

Nessa pulled my sleeve clearly she wanted to talk to me quickly and
privately. "Jono, are all of the Hassan brothers gay?" I had a puzzled look
on my face and shook my head no. "Why didn't Najib go further? Am I ugly to
him? Does he like western women? Is he offended I am performing a man's job?

"Nessa, he recognizes you are a woman of quality. He will probably pursue
you very aggressively. But he will do it with gifts, and attention. He
wants to show that he can care for you. He and Tamam are like my Papa. They
wish to pursue and woo their mate. I know for a fact Najib prefers Western
women. You will have to learn how to adapt to an eastern style
relationship. I will know more when he approaches me. He knows you think of
me as your younger brother, he will treat me accordingly. He will probably
ask me at some point to date you again. In the interest of propriety it
will likely be a chaperoned date. I would not be surprised if he asked me
to bring you out to the ranch. If he does would you like to come?"

"Oh God yes, I'm lonely and he is so gorgeous. I'm glad to have you as a
surrogate little brother and kissed my cheek. I am so going to miss you
when I go back to Germany. You have been the single best friend I have had
since I left Alabama. Heck, you are my best friend ever. Now, let's go get
you some food."

"You know Tam is gonna nitpick everything I put on my plate." The doorbell
rang. I started to go to answer it Vanessa grabbed my collar, pointed to
the buffet, and Ben responded to the door. He and Doctor Connor entered.

"Hey Doc, you are just in time for breakfast. Join the queue."

"Thank you Jono." I reached over and grabbed a waffle and put it on my
plate. Tamam true to form scowled and made a gesture for me to remove it.
"Thanks to Reza pulling a few vials of blood from you last night, I have
the results of your lab work. Boy you need to get some more calories in
you. Put that waffle back on your plate, and give it a partner, doctor's
orders. You are also anemic he reached over and put a couple pieces of
sausage on my plate. The lab work shows that you also have been overdosed
on sedatives and anaesthesia. I have made a notation in your record to half
the dosages in future. As a result of the overdose you are exceptionally
vitamin deficient. Here's a general multivitamin you will be taking with
your antibiotic in the morning. You will be taking it for at least a month
or so. I want you to increase your intake of veggies and fruits. I want you
to try the local yogurt too. For the record you're the kind of patient
every doctor hates. With your metabolism you could actually thrive on fast
food."



I noticed he was having what I was going to have. Fruit and yogurt clearly
the doc was fighting weight issues. I also noticed Tam was hanging on his
every word about my diet changes. "Thank you Doc." My plates were now fully
loaded and I sat down next to Nessa.

Vanessa looked at the General and said, "Sir, this is going to be cool.
You're going to see the Doppler effect in action. Watching a hungry Jono
eat is a sight to behold. It is the best work of magic. You will be left
asking yourself where in the hell did it all go."

"Well Vanessa, while that is a lot of food, I have seen people eat more."

"Sir, the only reason why there's not more is for the appearance of
propriety. I will probably go back for seconds and thirds. Sergeant Gilmore
is the only person at this table who has seen me when I'm sick or injured.
I'm glad she was paying attention." I looked at the Hassan brothers and
continued, "Naser would know about my appetite. I got very sick after
saving him in the swamp." Both Najib, and Reza turned and looked at Tamam
in confusion. He mouthed the word 'later' in Arabic. "If I got sick Afsoon
Ghorbani practically did a head count of the other foster children after
every meal."

The General spoke as I laid into one of the waffles covered with fruit. "So
your father saved the life of Omar Hassan and the King. And you saved the
life of one of Omar Hassan Sons. I'm starting to understand the
relationship between the Hassan family and you. Boy, you come from a long
line of heroic sons of bitches."

I swallowed hard, "Sir, we do what needs to be done to protect what we care
for. Yes, we would lay down our lives to protect what was ours, but damn
straight someone will be made to pay for that exchange. When I greeted the
King the other day, I told him 'My life for my King.' I meant it, and not
just because my father would expect it of me. I would lay down my life to
protect you as well sir. I know your value as a flag officer and leader.
There are other generals I have met recently, I might pause for a moment,
but I would fulfill my obligation."

Mallory replied, "I am so glad you are on our side."

While we're on the subject of sides Have you heard anything about that UA
Marine from the embassy?

"He's in a lot of trouble son. He got caught trying to smuggle the girl out
of the country." All three of the Hassan brothers and Lieutenant Nejem
shook their heads.

"The embassy staff might be able to work out a trade. He would have to
leave the country permanently, in exchange for him not being prosecuted
locally. The girl is in far more danger at this point. With your permission
I could go to the Embassy with this idea."

"Jono, just so long as you know this is an embassy staff problem, not
yours. I will go ahead and have the detachment commander and the JAG stop
by to talk to you. Remember, the doctor wants you resting! If they choose
to go a different way that is their choice. You are not to get involved."

"I understand sir. I will advise only. It might help if I knew what naval
and air assets were in the area in case we had to get him out of country
within a certain number of hours."

"I will try to get that information for you. Major Daniels will send it to
you via STU-II just before your meeting. Please play nice with the JAG
officer."

"I made a promise with the Gunnery Sergeant to help and advise as possible.
I have also made a promise to you as well sir. You have my word, I will
break neither promise."

Major Daniels whispered in my ear, "You have a plan already don't you?"

"You want plausible deniability for the General, don't you?" I replied in
Russian.

"Da, nimnOga, tovarish." he replied, letting me know he agreed but I was on
a very short leash.

The group continue to chat for about five minutes. The general look down at
my now empty plates, "Holy crap son, did somebody swap plates with you,
when I wasn't looking? Vanessa was right about the Doppler effect." Nessa
looked at me and replied to the general with a simple told ya.



"Watch it Momma Bear, tonight you work out, while I stretch and coach." As
I walked back to the buffet for seconds, I looked back and saw Major
Daniels looking under the table for where the food went.

Najib joined me at the buffet talking in Arabic. "Jono, I will be in Riyadh
for the day. I would like to help your friend the Marine if you will let
me. I believe I know what you have planned. I have friends in the Justice
Ministry who might be able to expedite your plan and leave no fingerprints
behind."

"That would be most appreciated." Was my reply while he handed me his
beautifully printed business card.

"Vanessa is an interesting woman, thank you for the introduction. When you
and Tamam come back to the ranch please, invite her. My sisters would love
to meet her."

"Would that perchance be your sisters, or you?"

"My intentions are wholly honorable. She is a woman of beauty, breeding,
and great price."

"You do know she's a horse person as well? I assume all of the Hassan sons
ride."

"And many of his wives, and daughters as well, Jono. My sisters were very
impressed with your horsemanship."

"I take it you have already started the background check of her?" He
nodded. "I would give you a word of caution, if you are as thorough as Tam
was with me, you will spook her. Western women like to talk. To learn about
you, as you learn about her. She will want you to know she has a mind as
well as a body. You are dating the whole package. She routinely outshoots
me on the range. I'm really good with a rifle, she's better. She is a
backwoods bama girl. That is not to say she's not a lady, but she's a lady
who can stalk, shoot, and field dress a bear. If you break her heart, she
will very likely show you yours."

Najib rubbed the top of my head, "You are indeed a worthy little brother.
My father and brother chose well."

With my current plate loaded with a large waffle covered with fruit, I made
my way back to the table. Major Daniels leaned over, "That seem like a very
intense conversation." I merely nodded. I looked over at Agent Pete,
clearly he was starving.

I slowed down my eating to match the pace of Nessa. When she'd finished, I
asked her to join me in the office. No sooner had the door closed, she spun
around and looked at me begging to know if Najib was interested. I smiled
and replied, "How would you like to go to the ranch this weekend?" She
actually squealed. I told her, "You will be visiting as a member of my
family. You will likely be spending a good deal of time with one of his
sisters and perhaps Papa Hassan's wives. We will probably be going riding
at some point as a family. He is very interested in you. Shit, I have to
get you dressed."

She looked at me with an eyebrow cocked, "Say again, Baby Bear?"

"Okay Mama Bear I'm going to ask a question ready? If you were going riding
with us what would you wear?"

"I have a nice western shirt, and a pair of jeans, I also have my riding
boots."

"The buzzer sounds, you got it wrong. They use English tack that means
English riding apparel. Translation, yes I have to dress you. You're going
to meet royalty, please trust me."

She kissed my cheek and responded, "Only always, little brother." When we
reentered the lounge most of the guests were gone. Tam announced he was
driving Captain Nelson and Lieutenant Nejem to site, if Vanessa wished to
ride with them instead of taking the bus, she needed to be ready to go. She
picked up her flight bag, smiled and said "I'm ready now boss." Tam tugged
me aside and told me not to try to clean the breakfast mess up myself to
call and have them come up. He also reminded me I was to have three meals
before he came home. I nodded and told him I would obey. With that I was
left alone with Dr. Connor, agent Pete, Najib and Reza.

The Doc finished his breakfast and was getting ready to go. I asked him if
I could pick his brain for a second in private. We entered the office and
he closed the door behind us. "What's the problem Jono?"

"Tamam believes that you told him he is not allowed to make love to me ever
again. He wouldn't even let me blow him this morning."

Dr. Connor roared with laughter and I wanted to cry. "Oh Jono, don't take
this the wrong way, I'm not making light of your situation. It's normal for
a significant other to exaggerate the limitations placed on sexual contact
after a surgical event. What I was telling the two of you was no aggressive
love making. I know what Captain Nelson is interested in. BDSM is
completely out of the question at this point. What is your favorite
position?"

I told him how Tam picked me up and fucked me against the wall. "Okay we
may have to pull back from that one for a bit. But there's no problem with
him laying you down face down on the bed with a pillow tucked underneath
your midsection. If you two are very careful and slow, he can lift your
legs gently and fuck you face to face." I asked if he would write it out
for Tamam. He chuckled as he pulled out his prescription pad and wrote, "I
prescribe vigorous ingestion of semen for the patient via the oral cavity,
As well as 'gentle' insertion of one penis in well lubed and prepared
rectum. As previously described to the patient, and as often as patient
desires. Absolutely no rough trade, group activity, or hard BDSM games
until further notice." I kissed Dr. Connor on the cheek, I was so happy.

I took the written prescription and locked it in my safe. "Of course you
will destroy that after he reads it?" I promised to do so. We then walked
out into the lounge; Agent Pete had a concerned look on his face then asked
if there was a problem. I smiled and replied not anymore. Dr. Connor
reminded me to take my antibiotics and my other prescriptions as needed. I
promised to do so. Then he too departed. Najib announced he too had to go
and I walked him out. "I will make sure that Vanessa is ready for this
weekend. Do you know a seamstress in Riyadh?"

"My baby sister will come over from the hospital and take care of those
arrangements. Do not worry for anything; I will make sure all is ready."

"Just don't go completely nuts like your brother. Three complete wardrobes
was a little over-the-top."

He laughed, "It is the first time my brother cared enough to buy a
handkerchief for someone else. That is how I know how much he cares for
you. Call me when you need me today." I thanked him and returned to the
lounge. Reza had just hung up the phone to have the catering detail come in
and remove the breakfast dishes. Then he ordered me to go sit down and rest.

Agent Pete came over and sat next to me. "That's quite the family you've
fallen into. It's quite clear he cares for you a lot."

"They all do sir. I am kind of like the newest baby brother in the family."

"Jono don't lie to me. I know the look." He must have seen the flash of
shock and terror on my face. My thoughts were running wild. I've gotten
caught. "I told you before Jono, I am a civilian agent, I also happen to be
carrying the secret myself. My lover died two years ago and I have poured
myself into my job since. Your secret is safe. Please forgive me, I
actually slapped my forehead when I found out that you were dating royalty.
By the way, I love to use the dead cat analogy is well."

Suddenly I flashed back to the slapping sound I heard when talking to Tamam
on the balcony. He smiled, "I was on overwatch duty on the roof. There was
a helicopter that was inside the zone. I'll try to give you a heads up if
that happens again. It would be wise to keep the intimate activity inside
the suite. I am due to rotate back to my office in Hannover Germany
Saturday."

"Hanover you say... Less than an hour away from Bremen as I recall."

"Jono, I never, never, never, date the subject of a protection detail. That
is rule 1, I will never cross that line. Besides, you are too damn tiny. I
would be terrified of hurting you. Pain has no place in love making."

"I wasn't thinking of me. That last part is really good to know. Do you
like Arabic cuisine?"

"I wouldn't know I've been in country for six months pretty much all I've
had is the Saudi equivalent of western fast food from the hotel cafeteria.
For the record they don't put OSI agents up in hotels like this."

"Oh Reza my sweet brother, would you believe Pete has been in your country
for six whole months and has not experienced the local cuisine? Do you know
of a little out-of-the-way restaurant, dripping with romance where two
attractive young unattached men could get a bite to eat. That would of
course have to be before he returns to Hannover Germany on Saturday?"

Reza responded in Shabaki, "Jono, you are as subtle as a stone through a
window."

"Who has time for subtlety, you're leaving Friday? I have learned life,
like me, is short big brother." I walked over to him and kissed his
forehead. "Tonight would be good, I really want to be alone with Tam given
the news I got from the doctor." I stretched and let out a loud obnoxious
yawn. "I am suddenly feeling very tired. I think I will go lay down in my
room. Why don't you two talk for a bit."

Reza kissed my forehead back, "Thank you baby brother. Have a good nap." I
grabbed the meal folio and return to my room. The phone rang and it was
housekeeping asking when they can come in and clean the room. I was really
hoping it was the General or the embassy. A few minutes later the bell
rang, I opened the door, the crew came in and began detail cleaning,
polishing, changing bedding and linens. The girl was about to grab the gift
bow that had been wrapped around my cello. I asked her if I may keep it, I
will have need of it later for a special project. She smiled and returned
it to me.

I decided to work out of the office. On my way through the lounge, I
noticed agent Pete doing a security sweep of the outer deck with Reza
tagging along behind chattering. I didn't know whether to be happy or feel
sorry for him. I smiled and closed myself in the office. After around
twenty minutes there was a soft tap at the office door. I was expecting it
to be Reza or Pete, so I used my 'command voice' and shouted enter. It
turned out to be housekeeping announcing they were finished with all but
the office I told them it was fine. I thanked them for their swift and
sterling service.

Pete and Reza were watching TV in the lounge. I hadn't known that Pete
spoke Arabic but they were watching the local news and I didn't hear Reza
translating. It was interesting that the cleanup crew showed up so early.
No doubt they knew what my regular schedule was supposed to be. I sat
half-heartedly listening to the news, watching the sunrise through the big
windows. Then I heard the STU II ringing in the office. I quickly went in
and answered and the line went secure, "This line is secure, this is Airman
Banks."

The duck like voice responded, "Jono, it's Gunny Terrell I have you on
speaker. My Captain and the Jag were wondering if you had a possible
solution to our current problem. Before they schlep all the way across
town."

"Gunny I will never waste your time, you should know that about me. I will
confess what I am thinking is a long shot, but there is a chance we can get
him released so long as we get him out of Saudi Arabia by sunset. I'm
working through some of my channels to see if we can get the appropriate
tools to make that happen. I assumed you would prefer he be removed from
the country rather than spending possibly the next twenty years in prison?"

"You assume correctly Jono."

"Do we think the corporal will put up any resistance to a deal that keeps
him out of a Saudi prison"

"Given the beating he got last night I really doubt it."

"I have a local attorney who's willing to give us advice and has contacts
with prosecutors in the ministry of Justice. What say we gather here at
nine?"

All parties agreed and the line was broken. I called Najib and gave him the
meeting time. He informed me he would be bringing the prosecutor and a
judge. Then I called base operation and left a message for Major Daniels.
If my plan would work, I would need a MH-53.

The Major called me back immediately on the secure line. "We have an idea
what you're trying; the General wants you to know the Navy has tasked a
MH-53E from the USS Inchon for an "inspection flight" and helo-lift
training on the base. It is currently on the flight line. Jono, the boss
wants to remind you against meddling." I acknowledged my limits again. I
knew this could still blowup in my face.

I asked Reza to select an appropriate suit for me. Pete shook his head, "I
just don't see what you have planned."

"Storytime, word games, and a huge long shot. Hopefully giving all parties
an honorable exit." The hotel phone rang asking if I made my snack choice.
Eight in the morning and it has already been a very long day. I chose the
dates, almonds, and cheese option. I was asked if that would be enough. I
told them I would be having guests arriving at nine and needed coffee,
pastry, fruit, and a selection of cheeses for them. I was told all would be
ready and my snack tray would be up momentarily.

Reza returned to the lounge with two suit choices, a dark blue or a
charcoal gray. I pointed to the gray. "But Jono, the blue will be far more
commanding." Pete concurred.

"Not the point today. I have to disappear when the main players arrive. My
job today is to act as the narrator of the story. Gray is neutral, I love
the blue, but it can be mistaken for my Air Force uniform. I need to
project the fact that I have a foot on both continents that I am neutral,
unbiased."

I knew I was up to my neck. "When they arrive I will need you two to help
me set the stage. Reza, I will need you to refer to me as Mr. Al-Amin. Pete
I will need for you to address me as Mr. Banks do not use my military
title. I have to separate myself from it, if I am to protect the General
and mission. If this fails it is all on me. Using the civilian address and
both names will also help me portray the fact that I am a part of both
worlds. I have the difficult task of making sure both adversaries step back
and see the other party's side. If they are to see there is another
alternative."

I took the two suits from Reza's hands and returned back to the master
bedroom. I grabbed a small amount of Sandalwood cologne and splashed my
face. I dug into the bag of products that were provided at the spa and
applied kohl around my eyes and extended it upon the eyelashes themselves.
The apparel would be Western, but the appearance would be Eastern. I chose
the white band collar shirt in hopes that under the artificial light I
would look darker. Didn't work, I ended up disappearing, which was good as
well. It made my kohl decorated eyes pop even more.

The tray with my snack arrived which was good because my stomach was
growling either due to hunger or stress. I encouraged Reza and Pete to
nibble off of it. The three of us together were able to clean the platter.
At 8:55 they brought up the coffee service, and removed my snack tray.

Five short minutes later the tranquility of my gilded cage was shaken by
shouting out on the landing. I looked at Reza and I said "I guess they're
here." I asked Pete to allow them in and be sure to tell them, "Mr. Banks
will greet you in the lounge." I then requested that Reza inform them,
"Coffee and a light snack has been prepared for you at the request of Mr.
Al-Amin." I then went into the study and retrieved my diary. The commotion
continued as they entered the lounge.

I entered the lounge and Najib introduced me to his Excellency the judge.
"Are you Mr. Banks or Mr. Al-Amin?"

"Your Excellency, in this case I am both. I stand between two worlds. I
have offered my linguistic and cultural services and my home, to seek a
civil solution to your mutual problem on neutral ground. All that I ask is
that 'noise' that I heard on both the landing and in my entryway ends now.
We all are civilized and we should behave accordingly." My eyes darted
between both parties.

The judge put his hand in the middle of my chest and extended piece to you
and I replied and unto you peace. The prosecutor brought the Corporal as
well. His face although now clean, was cut, bruised, and swollen. Seeing
his condition it was hard to be impartial. I knew if this was to work I had
to let a lot of my preconceptions go. The gentleman took advantage of the
coffee and a few the light snacks.

I heard the Corporal's stomach growl and asked when the last time he had
been fed. I pointed to Pete who had retreated into the corner of the room
"Corporal that man is armed if you attempt to flee he will stop you. He is
Air Force Office of Special Investigations and has full arrest authority in
the eyes of the Department of Defense." I pointed to the city police
officer and said, "He is armed and has full right to take you back into
detention. If by some great miracle you do get past them, the armed
soldiers on the landing WILL stop you. Do not abuse the grace that I am
about to ask for." He nodded in agreement.

"Your Excellency, in the interest of fostering good negotiations could we
remove the handcuffs from the accused?" The judge nodded and gave the
order. I told the Corporal to eat and he complied, like he had never eaten
before.

I turned my attention back to the prosecutor and the JAG lawyer who were
bouncing points of Law, treaty, and the UCMJ against each other. Both were
being exceptionally polite and exceptionally short as well. I focused
intently as both were speaking turning my head from one to the other after
about twenty minutes. I started to put a puzzled look upon my face. The
judge turned to me and asked "Mr. Al-Amin is something confusing to you?"

"Your Excellency, confused no, irritated yes. We have before us two
prosecutors who are arguing who has the stronger case, and who deserves
first right of prosecution. We have a young man who was never told of why
the local laws exist. If he were a student of Islam he would know the
separation of the sexes exists for a reason. No one is considering the fact
that there were both male and female Saudis in the dancehall. In that
situation how would he know he was not to have contact with her, let alone
develop feelings for her?"

I just turned in the direction of the Saudi prosecutor, "This man wishes to
prosecute him and put him in prison for up to 20 years. We all know for a
Westerner that is practically a death sentence."

I gestured at the JAG officer, "This man wishes to prosecute him under the
Uniform Code of Military Justice and send him to Fort Leavenworth Kansas.
I'm sure you will realize that Kansas is a sentence to hell in and of
itself. When he is released he will have a federal conviction and a bad
conduct or dishonorable discharge. That will limit his job potential for
the rest of his life. I am having some difficulty weighing these two
outcomes against the name justice."

"Have you gentlemen ever heard the ancient Persian story of the creation of
the Arabian horse?" I became nervous when all but the judge shook their
head no. To be honest I expected all to shake their heads no. "When I was
younger, my foster father was invited to go on a dig. As his favorite
student I was given permission to accompany him into Iraq. We unearthed a
tablet written in ancient cuneiform. It was a beautiful story of where
justice and mercy must meet."

I took a long sip of my coffee, "It was the story of two brothers, both
great kings met at an oasis to trade. One had many sons, the other had but
one. The one son committed offence by error against the king with many. The
king who had but one son pleaded with his brother to take his life, and let
his son live.

The king with many sons saw the pain that his brother was experiencing and
showed mercy. He said take your swiftest stallion and put your son up on
it. If he can flee the borders of my kingdom by the time the sun fades, he
shall live. What the king with one son did not know was that the king with
many also had a great vazir who was also a magician."



There was a flash of a knowing smile on the judges face, "The vazir
summoned up the power of the winds and made them manifest in a stallion of
great strength. He slipped that stallion into his brother's camp. The child
mounted the steed and disappeared over the horizon. The young prince lived
long, but was never seen in the kingdom again."

The judge looked at me for a long time, "I don't know whether you're lying
outright, or have been coached very well and are acting. I know the tablet
of which you speak. I have a replica of it in my chambers. It has formed
some of the logic for some of my decisions of late. But you are too young
to have been part of that archaeological dig."

I opened my diary. "Excellency the tablet was discovered two years ago when
I was sixteen. These are my notes on the translation. If you look into the
records of the dig you will find the name Jono bin Aban Al-Amin listed as
expedition's archaeological translator." Even Najib was shocked with that
revelation.

The judge took possession of my diary and reviewed my notes which included
a sketch of the tablet folded in the pages. The prosecutor was looking over
his shoulder and saw the artwork. "I have admired that tablet and his
Excellency's chambers many times, but I never knew the story behind it. You
have given me much to think about. The young man has been injured already.
If he is banished from the kingdom, I will have no difficulty with whatever
justice the American military wishes to impose upon him." The judge looked
at me and asked if I had a way to make the story a reality.

"Your honor there is an MH-53 Sea 'Stallion' currently at the air base. The
King is currently looking at appropriating several to expedite helo-lift
operations. I believe with in-flight refueling it can be out of Saudi Air
space before the sun sets and thus the American 'son' could in fact be
spirited away by stallion."

The judge smiled and started making notes on the official court documents,
ordering the release of the prisoner. "The young man will be flagged with
immigration and he will be forbidden from reentering Saudi Arabia ever
again. Corporal you must understand neither I, nor the court will be this
lenient with you a second time. It is best that the kingdom never see you
again. Mr. Al-Amin do you have a photocopier at your disposal?"

"There's a fax machine in the office which can be used as a copier. If that
is not sufficient there's a very nice Xerox downstairs in the Hotel
office." Copies were made, distributed, and the police officers dismissed.
Najib pulled me aside and said well done. Then he, the prosecutor, and the
judge departed just before eleven.

The smile vanished from my face when the door closed. "Corporal, I know
your Gunny tried to help you out, I offered to help you. You chose to do it
alone instead of working with the team. I am disappointed. That being said,
you need to understand this is a suspended sentence, this WAS your trial.
What it means is if you EVER enter Saudi Arabia again, or if you are not
out of Saudi Arabia by sunset you will serve the entire sentence."

I dug my finger into his chest, "What it means to the United States Marine
Corps is that you are no longer worldwide deployable. It also does not
protect you from prosecution from the JAG. If he offers you the GIFT of a
deal, one junior grade to another, I would recommend you take it. You
disobeyed standing orders for all US forces serving in Saudi Arabia. You
made all of us look bad."

I addressed the JAG officer and the detachment CO, "I'm sorry if I stepped
on your toes gentlemen, but I do not like it when people just blindly
ignore my counsel."

The JAG officer accepted my apology and thanked me for my intervention. The
Marine Corps captain told me I was always welcome at his detachment, and
thanked me for my intervention on the behalf of his man. I told them both
any time, they knew how to get in touch with me. They took the corporal and
departed after informing the Gunnery Sergeant to take the second vehicle
back to the Embassy.

With the stress now gone, I could feel myself fading. The Gunny asked if I
was ok. I told him it had just been a long couple of days and I could use a
nap. My left knee buckled and I slammed against him. He caught me as Pete
and Reza raced across the room. Pete was just about to pick me up. I
growled "Stop, I just got a little weak kneed, I am fine."

Gunny smiled at my bark. He paraphrased our earlier conversation at the
embassy, "Little dog, big fight. It looks like you're in good hands. You
understand Jono; you are now part of an elite group. You rescued a devil
dog. I'm grateful you're in the Air Force. You're being in the Air Force
saved one of my Marines. That's a debt that cannot be repaid easily. A
Marine, even a stupid one, is still always a Marine." He extended his hand
and I shook it. Then he departed.

The phone rang, it was the concierge asking what I wished for my midday
snack. I asked him if I could have some sliced fresh vegetables and a bowl
of hummus. He advised it would be done. I was craving salt. Reza, Pete, and
I were finally alone. I turned and leaned my head hard against Reza's
collarbone. As he enveloped me in his arms he announced, "Jono, you are
drenched!"

Pete's hand landed between my shoulder blades "Damn! Jono, are you okay?"

"I am fine guys; just need some water, a bath, a change of clothes, and a
nap. Th-that was a lot of stress." I took a deep breath and re-gathered my
bearing. I walked back into the master bedroom and removed my new suit. I
found I did manage to create a sweat circle from my shoulders to my waist,
down both the front and back panel of the shirt. I had not yet soaked all
the way through the jacket.

Reza brought me a large bottle of water from the kitchen. "Drink this. You
need to get your fluids back up."

I thanked him then grabbed my pills and took them with the water. I must
have drunk about a quarter of the liter of water in the bottle. While Reza
filled the tub for me, I took advantage of the time to clean my bottom for
Tam's use. I even took Dr. Connor's suggestion for the final enema
solution. Reza asked why I mixed ky into the bag. I told him "The doctor
has cleared me for limited sexual activity." I sheepishly described the
approved position.

Reza looked at me and said, "Tamam will never agree to fuck you in the
wounded dog position. Like me, he likes to see your face." With the tub
steaming and almost full, Reza dropped a small sachet into the water, which
began to fizz and bubble. As it did so it released the most magnificent
smell of jasmine into the air. I climbed into the tub and slowly sank into
the water. This was Heaven.

Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, Reza reached over and
pushed a little gold button and jetted water started shooting and coursing
across my body. One of the jets was striking between my legs, and I started
dreaming of Tamam. As my cock slowly swelled Reza looked down and smiled.
He slowly removed his clothing in a seductive manner and stretched out over
the marble deck next to the tub's lip.

He put his fist under my chin and pulled my lips to his, then slowly slid
into the water on top of me. He knelt down in the water with his legs
straddling my hips. His hands skillfully stroked my small member to full
measure. Then he slowly sat down upon it; allowing it fully within him.

I put my hands on his face and told him, "I don't want to mess up your
chance with Pete."

He rose up and thrust his body down upon my shaft again. "Jono, nothing is
going to happen. Clearly Pete is a bottom and not interested in me." He
impaled himself again full-length up and down my cock.

"Reza, you are so wrong. He is a top. He told me he would never fuck the
subject of a security detail. He said even if he would, he was afraid of
hurting me if he did. That doesn't sound like a bottom." Reza began sliding
up and down faster gasping for air my head fell back and mouth fell open it
was awesome how he so completely controlled me.

Pete's voice came from the door, "Jono, your food arrived; I thought you
might like a snack in the tub... FUCK! I thought Reza was a top!"

"That's funny Pete, because he thought you were a bottom." Reza continue to
ride my shaft. Pete appeared to be embarrassed as he turned towards the
door. "Pete, don't leave. I'm sorry; I should never have done this with
Reza. Please forgive me. I know he liked the concept of going out with you,
and I know you had enjoyed the thought of it yourself."

"Jono, don't apologize, you have done nothing wrong. I enjoy being with
you." Pete set down the tray and reached for the door. "If the little bitch
boy can't handle the thought of you fucking me, then clearly he wasn't
worthy of either of us."

That is when we heard Pete lock the door. "Now, there is enough time to
play." He removed his suit jacket and laid it across the vanity. Pete
opened his shirt to expose a beautifully defined, shaved chest and torso.
Reza's mouth fell open as his ass fully engulfed my shaft. He was
practically drooling at Pete's definition. The shirt came off and it too
was laid across the jacket. He removed his holster from his belt and laid
it on top of his shirt. Everything had almost a ritual as far as how it was
removed. He slid out of one shoe, then the other and undid his belt. He
slowly lowered his fly and let his pants fall to the ground. He was
commando beneath.

There was just a narrow line of fur going from his belly button to the top
of his cock, everywhere else he was just skin. My mouth fell open when I
saw the length and width of his trouser snake. It rivaled Tam's with one
subtle difference, he wasn't circumcised. I had only seen one other cock
before that still had its foreskin. He bent down and removed one sock and
then the other, then balled them up together and confidently walked towards
the two of us. Reza was no longer sliding up and down my cock; he was just
sitting with a vise like grip around it.

Pete commanded, "Reza, did I tell you to stop? You're the one who got him
excited; you should finish what you began. Jono, don't you believe that to
be the case?" I could only nod my head up and down is Reza again began
sliding up and down on my cock. Reza's opened his mouth to speak, Pete
shoved his balled-up socks into Reza's mouth, "I'm not ready to hear from
you yet."

He looked at me and said, "Have you ever seen an uncut cock before?" I
shook my head yes. "Have you ever played with one?" I replied truthfully
that I had licked one. "Would you like to see what it feels like?" I shook
my head. He softly pushed my head backwards until it made contact with the
lip of the tub. He rested his foreskin against my lips and told me to open
my mouth and push the tip of my tongue between the glands and the hood of
his hardening rod.

It had an interesting taste, and the feel was slick kind of slimy. But it
tasted good as is precum oozed out into my mouth. I close my lips on his
foreskin and applied suction as he pushed his cock into my mouth the hood
slowly withdrew exposing the glans, it tasted wonderful. As quickly as he
shoved the knob of his cock into my mouth he withdrew it. "Jono, it has
been a very long time since I broke that rule. You only get a taste. This
is Reza's toy now." My pouty lip extended.

He continued, "Now it is quite clear that Reza enjoys your cock as well. So
it is clear he has two toys to play with, and two toys that he must keep
clean and happy." He pulled the socks out of Reza's mouth and kissed him.
Reza continue to rise and fall on my rod with a slower cadence. It felt so
wonderful and it was so hot watching him be commanded by Pete. "Reza, do
you want to play with your new toy now?"

Reza shook his head up and down, knowing that Pete had not given him
permission to speak. He opened his mouth and Pete's cock slipped within.
Pete had one hand wrapped around the back of raises neck as he slowly slid
his cock in and out of the willing mouth. He then used his other hand to
caress my cheek and asked if I was enjoying myself as well.

I told him, "Yes, I just wish I had as much as you and Tamam have."

"Jono, our boy here loves the feel of cock in his ass and in his mouth. The
fact that you are in him gives you pleasure. That's all that matters." The
look of complete joy on Reza's face was beautiful. I marveled at how
quickly Reza took Pete's massive cock to its root. I was lost in that
moment. I knew as Pete's cock exploded across Reza's face he belonged to
Pete completely. I leaned in and rubbed my nose to his. I kissed him taking
a bit of Pete's gift into my mouth.

Reza increased his cadence sliding up and down my cock as Pete was cheering
us on. I was having an unusual feeling, waves of pleasure overcame me. I
was having difficulty breathing and I just latched on with both arms and
pulled Reza to me, as I shot my wad deep in his bowels.

Reza released our kiss, "Jono, did you just come?" I couldn't speak I only
shook my head back and forth slowly.

Pete was confused. "You guys act like this was his first orgasm. Jono, you
had to have shot your wad before."

I replied, "Never without something in my bottom. I should have waited for
Tam. I stole this from him."

Reza kissed me sweetly, "Jono, to Tam sex is about giving you pleasure.
Just as you love to give me pleasure. You did not steal from him by giving
to me. Wasn't it Tam who recommended that you sleep with me in the first
place? Jono, my last partner abused me, tortured me, burned me, and traded
me with his friends. Pete has been forceful, not violent. You chose well
for me.



With that blockage gone you're now most likely having normal blood flow
through your lower body for the first time since the crash. Your nerves
have been starved for so long they are now waking up. You're going to feel
things more than you have in the past. Everything is new for you; Tam will
be over the moon." He kissed me again.

"I was going to tie the large gift bow that was on my cello around my waist
with the doctor's note tied to it covering my butt hole for Tam. How can I
do that now?"

Pete dropped to a knee, running his finger down the bridge of my nose.
"That sounds like such a cool idea, you have to do it."

Reza concurred and added, "You should have everything ready for him. The KY
on the bed, and the pillows under your midsection elevating your butt so
that the note and that perfect ass cannot be missed. I will make sure
Captain Nelson, and Lt Nejem are out with us. You, finish your bath, nibble
on something, and take a nap. I'm going to take Pete to my room. I'll lock
the office and hall door on my way out."

Pete reached inside his jacket pocket and pulled out yet another holster
and a small two shot derringer. "I think you know how to operate one of
these. It may not stop an attacker, but it will slow them down long enough
for me to get in here."

- Continued

Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Mon, 21 Aug 2017 08:00:15 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 08 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 8 - To The Hospital

When I woke up I had been returned to the master bedroom. I do not
understand how this man can be so sneaky. I was surprised to see him
walking into the bathroom. Clearly Tam wanted me to sleep in, and enjoy the
morning off. I just enjoyed watching him walk away.

Sleeping in was not in the cards, the phone rang. Tamam turned and saw that
I was awake and reaching for the phone. I looked at him and smiled. I
picked up the bedside extension the alarm clock said 05:06. I gave a
friendly good morning.

It was Dr. Connor, "Jono, glad I got you. I put the request in on you for
the vascular study last night before turning in. Damn boy, your name opens
doors. Have you had anything to eat or drink since we last saw each other?"
I told him no "Good, you have a 0900 appointment at King Faisal Specialist
Hospital. I can pick you up if you need me to."

"That would probably not be possible sir. There are security concerns. I'll
start working it on this end. I know the drill nothing to eat or drink from
this point on. Will you be there or will I be dealing with the Saudi
doctors."

"No Jono, you are my patient and I will be there with you throughout. I
will meet you at the front desk. Remember Jono, this is precautionary only
nothing to worry about. Oh, wear loose clothing, and no jewelry."

After thanking the doctor I hung up and called Agent Ramirez and went
secure. I asked if he or the Saudis arrange my transportation. "Jono,
transportation and security for you is all on the host nation. I just got
briefed that you're going to the hospital this morning. I hope it's nothing
serious."

"I have been told it's just precautionary. For a few minutes I lost the use
of my legs. It was probably related to a fall I had earlier this weekend.
The doctor just wants to be thorough."

"You have had a truly crappy week."

"It's not all that bad. In my life the good often comes with a little bad.
Sorry you got surprised, I just found out about the appointment four
minutes ago. I am trying to keep you guys informed. I don't suppose you
have a person on your team who has a TS-SCI clearance with access to NATO
Cosmic data?"

"Surprise is part of the gig. Captain Nelson and I both have that clearance
and access. I take it you're going to need a chaperone."

"I prefer the term escort. But security regulations do require an observer
while I am under general anesthesia for the procedure. With the Captain
Nelson taking care of the General's visit I guess that leaves you. Once I
confirm your clearance with the Captain of course."

"See you in about an hour Jono." The phone gave an electronic chirp to let
me know that it was out of secure mode and I hung up. I wandered into the
bathroom and brought Tam up to speed. Then I waddled down the hallway to
the Captain's room to do the same.

When the door opened I saw Reza face down with a limb tethered to each post
of the bed with a pillow propping his cum dripping ass in the air. I looked
at the Captain and thought to myself, 'bondage, nope, never, it won't
happen.' I quickly briefed him on what was going on.

He ran his fingers through my hair, "You'll be okay buddy. Ramirez does
have the required clearance; just don't trust him with private stuff. OSI
is on a witch hunt for people like us." The STU rang again. The line
secured immediately when Ben picked up the extension. He barked out one
word "Nelson." He said yes sir a lot and then hung up. "Well shit! That was
base operations informing me that the General was on his way to the hotel.
He arrived early."

I looked at Reza, then the Captain and laughed. "I suppose while you are
taking a shower, I can help you clean up this time."

He laughed and told me, "Jono, I would appreciate that very much. Otherwise
I might have to just leave him like this." Reza made a muffled indignant
scream, giving voice to his displeasure.

As Ben walked his fuzzy butt into his bathroom, I strolled to the bed and
sat down. I started playing with Reza's cute little butt. "Oh this is so
tempting. If I wasn't in a time crunch myself, I might take advantage of
this situation." That elicited more muffled tones from the bound man.

I saw a piece of Reza's luggage at the foot of the bed; I recognized the
color and pattern. I could only assume that this was his toy chest. "Well
Reza, I'd be tempted to eat all of that out of your backside, but I'm not
allowed to have anything orally until after the test is done. With the
General probably coming over, it's not like I can let you walk down the
hallway and have it dripping out either. Oh, what am I to do."

I walked down to the foot of the bed and opened his chest. I saw a butt
plug with long strands of hair embedded in the pommel. It looked like a
horse's tail. I rolled it around in Ben's cum to lube it a bit; I slowly
pushed it inside of him he moaned happily as it popped through his ring. I
saw a little switch on it, "Oh ops guys and buttons what am I to do?" Of
course I activated the switch.

He began to twitch and he started to moan loudly. I noticed the time was
getting away from me. I started untying his legs and then each of his arms.
He was giving me an impatient look then he pointed at the gag. He had a
sweet look of yearning on his face. Apparently part of the play was that
only is handler was allowed to remove it. As the gag fell from his lips, he
connected his lips to mine. I enjoyed sucking on his lips and sliding my
tongue ever so slowly around in his mouth.

"I really wish I had time to do this. But I only have a few minutes before
I really do have to get in the shower and get ready."

"Jono, that's a few minutes I will gladly take. He pushed me back against
the headboard and immediately started bobbing his head up and down on my
cock. He was working at very fast, applying a great deal of pressure with
his lips. His hands were playing with my balls at the same time. Is tongue
twirled and danced around my shaft as his mouth bobbed up and down. I
decided to go ahead and take full advantage of his efforts. My hands
reached around behind the back of his neck and slammed his head into my
crotch. He once said he liked getting skull fucked and it was clear with
the sounds he was making he was serious. He pivoted his head side to side,
as he varied suction and pressure on my pulsing member. In less than five
minutes he brought me to a most enjoyable but emasculatingly dry orgasm.

I was having trouble getting my breath as he sat up like a cat that ate the
proverbial canary. There were soft clapping sounds coming from the door to
the room I looked over it was Tam, the clapping joined as I looked over to
the bathroom it was Ben. I blushed bright red.

"Oh no Jono, that was a great show." Ben said with a grin from ear-to-ear.

Tamam asked me to move my feet, which I was able to do.

"That was remarkable thank you Reza. You need to go shower, if you want to
go with me to the hospital." He gathered the restraints and put them in his
toy chest, collected his clothing, then sashayed naked out of Ben's room,
butt plug still humming and in place and tail swaying behind him.

Ben and Tam came to my side to see if I needed help getting back on my
feet. I stood without any issues. Okay, my toes were numb but I wasn't sure
if that was due to Reza's efforts. Tam patted my bottom and told me I
needed to be in the shower. I asked Ben to bring Nessa up to speed. In less
than five minutes I was clean, inside and out. Tamam laid out a jade green
jogging suit, it was both long sleeved and high collared of course. I
couldn't help notice the matching running shoes. What surprised me more
were the black boxers he chose. I guess he knew about the loose clothing.

I walked to Reza's room. He had donned a blue grey thobe with high collar.
I loved this time of year; the streets come alive with colors. The summer
white cotton thobes start to disappear, replaced by the colorful woolen
ones. "Are you ready yet?"

"Just about, did you like our playtime this morning Jono?"

"It was very nice but surely, I won't need to tie you down to have
playtime." He kissed me and told me to just ask. We walked out to the
lounge. Tam and Ben were finishing breakfast. My tummy growled Tam
instinctively poured me a coffee and juice. I shook my head; it was so
tempting Reza's tummy joined the chorus. "Go ahead; I am the only one who
cannot have anything." Thankfully the door chime rang. It was Agent Ramirez
telling me the cars were slightly delayed due to the General's imminent
arrival "Go to the kitchen; get yourself a cup of coffee Sir."

"Jono, I am a civilian agent. Pete works."

The sergeant on the landing spoke, "Mr. Al-Amin we were told of your
journey today. My father served under yours. He is now the Imam assigned to
the Air Base; he is leading prayers on your behalf this morning."

I took his arm, "Thank you sergeant that is most kind. God has delivered me
from so much already; I have no doubt this will be no different." I turned
back towards the suite with Agent Ramirez when the elevator dinged behind
us. When the doors opened the General, his aide, and the manager were there.

My protection detail snapped around me ignoring the stand down request from
Agent Ramirez. In a firm tone I said, "Sergeant, the General is expected
please, stand easy." They complied and opened ranks. I came to attention as
did the sergeant and his men. "I am sorry General Mallory, this is not how
I wanted to greet you Sir."

General Mallory smiled as he replied, "I take it you are Airman Banks?"

"Yes sir."

"Airman, I have heard a hell of a lot of chatter about you. Normally I only
get that much info on discipline cases, glad to finally have a fucking
exception! At ease son, I am told I am your guest technically. Thank you.
Having casual Monday on base?" I told him of my imminent trip to the
hospital. "That sucks! Do you have time to show me around my new pup tent?"
I heard a flurry of dress shoes from the rotunda.

"I will make the time, sir." I introduced my entourage, "General Mallory,
this is Special Agent Pete Ramirez, my SD Captain Tamam Hassan, you know my
ASO Captain Ben Nelson, Prince Reza Hassan..." I heard Nessa's door open
"...and that would be my rater Sergeant Vanessa Gilmore."

"Ben, it's damn good to see you again. Jono, I take it that Captain Hassan
is also a royal?"

"Yes sir, but the title is set aside during military service in the name of
good order and discipline."

"Captain Hassan, Prince Hassan it's good to meet you both. Sgt Gilmore, you
are doing a bang up job if Airman Banks is an example of your supervisory
skill. This is my adjutant Major Bryce Daniels. Benny, would you and Airman
Banks tag along for the tour?"

We fell in line as the rest returned to the lounge. "Banks, Nelson tells me
you could give Daniels a run for his money, linguistically speaking. He can
communicate in seven different tongues." I heard Nessa snicker as she
entered the door to my suite.

The major shook my hand, "Okay, Airman how many?"

"Major, I'm fluent in more than twenty languages, conversational in a few
more. I'm still waiting for the Air Force to certify those languages. I
took the tests over the last few months; I am waiting for the results from
ATC."

As we walked across the mezzanine to the General's Suite the major continue
to ask questions, "How are you on the cultures associated with the
languages?"

I told him of my travels and training. Then I added, "because of the speed
I went through school, I was able to take a good number of college prep
then college courses during High School. I took sociology, anthropology,
archaeology, psych and abnormal psych, in addition to my music studies. I
took a few CLEP test before leaving Bremerhaven; to try completing my
bachelors of science through the University of Maryland. But you probably
know most of that."

"Sir, he is on to us. Damn never cross swords with a psych minor."

His suite was a little smaller, only four bedrooms sharing a communal
terrace with the great room. The manager made the obligatory welcome and
amenities briefing then left.

The General plopped down on the sofa and admired the view. "Jono, the fact
you humbled that arrogant son of a bitch Major General Ambrose, on his own
base no less, then got him to thank you for it. Boy that impressed the hell
out of a few of us old dawgs. Son, I probably shouldn't tell you this; if
arrogance were currency that man would be the richest man alive." I
couldn't help but smile. "Bryce, was just selected for Lieutenant Colonel,
what is not general knowledge is that he has also been selected for his
first command." The Captain and I extended the traditional congratulations
to the Major.

"Jono, USAFE just relieved your CO of his command. Bryce is going to take
command of your squadron in Basdahl. It sucks that one of the first things
I am gonna do to him is take away one of his superstars. I need to keep you
here Jono. I know this is supposed to be a six month TDY but Nelson tells
me you have been indispensable. From him that is high praise."

He paused, "The host nation commander concurs with his assessment. I know
there is more risk for you to stay here than the rest of the team but, that
is part of the job. You will be here for eleven and a half months. That
will give you a couple of weeks to out process Bremerhaven and Basdahl."

He leaned in smiling, "Sometime this year we will send you to NCO PREP
school. Benny has recommended a follow-up assignment on the Southwest Asia
'Go Team.' Your intel skills, languages, and local cultural knowledge he
thinks you'd be a perfect fit."

He paused shifting his leaning position in my direction. "Hell, I wish I
could make you my enlisted aide but that is an E-5/E-6 position. I have a
funny feeling I'll be retiring before you get there. I have a weak spot
son, I care more for the mission then I do for my career. I have a nasty
habit of being bluntly honest. I've been counseled for my use of
'colorfully descriptive' phrases on more than one occasion. I can see the
curtain coming down. However when Nelson told me about the threats against
you, I moved up our departure time. I wanted to make sure that you had some
good things to look forward to."

He brushed his cheesy mustache, "Captain Nelson brought me up to speed
pretty much on your story. We do need more like you in the Air Force. You
have a unique ability boy. You can take a shit sandwich and turn it into
something wonderful. That's what you've done with your life and career.
Trust me, people have noticed."

"Thank you, sir. I will try to live up to your confidence in me." I turned
towards Major Daniels, "Major, may I address you candidly on your new
command?"

The General chuckled saying, "This should be interesting, on 'MY'
authority, let er' rip son."

"This may be impolitic of me; the equipment in Basdahl needs a massive
overhaul. I have been on ten deployments with that system in one year, and
have never seen a depot team come in. Our equipment is old, it was rated
'semi mobile' when new from the factory. Semi mobile meant that it was
designed for only four deployments before requiring a depot level
maintenance check and a factory maintenance check after twelve. According
to the maintenance logs, neither had occurred in the ten years the
equipment was in Bremerhaven and Basdahl."

I continued, "I hope this doesn't lower your opinion of me gentlemen but
the first duty of an Airman is to the mission. That equipment will not meet
mission requirements if it keeps getting abused. I am not saying reduce the
ops tempo, I know that cannot happen. I am however, begging for an increase
in the maintenance budget."

The door chime rang, "I will bet that's for me, so with your permission
sirs, I will say my goodbyes and see you at the embassy." The General stood
and shook my hand. I felt the coin, his coin, transfer from his palm to
mine. I didn't even have to look. "Thank you, sir."

I open the door to the elevator landing Agent Ramirez was standing there.
With him were six Saudi enlisted men armed with automatic rifles. Tamam was
waiting by the elevator, as I approached I smiled and made a joke, "Sir, if
my security detachment continues to increase like this, the hotel will have
to reinforce the floor."

Once I was by Tamam's side I removed the gold chain that held my father's
wedding ring from my neck. "Sir, I'm not allowed to wear jewelry during
this test. Would you please take care of my family until I can again? You
are the closest thing I have to family left."

"It would be my honor Airman." He slid the chain into his shirt pocket next
to his heart. "The buses are departing to the site right now, before they
call you down to the limos."

I shot back, "Wait a minute did you say buses plural?"

"The King has decided there should be two decoy buses deployed with a full
security contingent. Each will travel different routes to the base. In case
someone is watching. Just as you have three identical limos with identical
plates assigned to you; with a heavy security detail."

Tam saw the look of embarrassment I had on my face. "Jono, the King is
aware that you do not wish to put a single member of your team in jeopardy,
this was the best solution he could come up with. We all must make
sacrifices and adapt. My brother Reza will stay with you through your
tests. I shall accompany you to the limo and then take the jaguar to work.
Face this with the courage your father would expect of you."

"I will sir. I will not bring shame to any of my families or to my units."

There was a buzz in the Sergeant's earpiece. It was then repeated over
agent Ramirez's earpiece, "Jono, it's time to go." We descended down in the
elevator to the transit level mezzanine. There was a second and third team
including decoys, teen boys made to look somewhat like me. They took the
elevator down to the kitchen and lobby, while we descended into the
ballroom. We exited the fire exit off the ballroom and piled into the limo.
The three limos left the garage at the same time and headed in different
directions, with an enormous security detachment for each. I lost count of
how many motorcycles and cars zipped around the limo.

Fifteen minutes later we arrived at the hospital. I was whisked inside to
the registration desk and promptly dropped into a wheelchair. I hate
hospital protocol. Dr. Connor took the handles of the chair and followed
the escort to the nuclear studies lab. Once there I changed into a hospital
gown that was provided and hopped up onto the table. A beautiful nurse came
over to install the IV and inject the nuclear catalyst and sedative. I
thanked her, and warned her I was often called a difficult prick.

I could tell she studied in the west as she laughed and whispered in my ear
she was the best stick in the hospital. I felt a pinch and a wonderful warm
sensation as I quickly drifted into unconsciousness.

I woke and recovery surrounded by a very happy team of doctors. Dr. Connor
advised the hospital staff used standard sedative based on my weight and
did not review my medical record.

I knew the three standard things for getting out of a recovery room fast so
I asked him, "Can I go pee, poop, get something to eat and go home?" Almost
as an afterthought I asked, "Oh by the way how did the tests turn out?" I
wolfed down a fruit cup and some crackers.

"They found a small blockage in your common iliac artery. While you were
out, they removed it. It was so cool they used a new procedure developed in
Boston. They used a modified arterial catheterization method. Then
performed an ablation on the blockage from inside the artery itself. You
are prescribed light-duty for the rest of the week, no strenuous exercise,
or activities."

"But my eval is scheduled for Thursday morning." I whined.

He rifled fingers through my buzz cut and said, "So long as you don't pick
up anything more than 20 pounds, go for it. As for the activities tonight;
so long as you do not have to stand for extended periods you can go to the
Embassy. Sit as often as you can. We'll bring you back in a couple of weeks
to redo the test and make sure everything is healing well. One more order;
no alcohol, until you finish the course of antibiotics."



"Doctor, I am shocked! Surely you know, alcohol is forbidden in Saudi
Arabia, so that shouldn't be a problem. Seriously though, can I go potty,
and go home now?" The other doctors laughed and called for an orderly. I
did take the time to thank them for their care. "I know I can be a
difficult patient thank you for helping me, sirs." I quickly took care of
nature's call followed by a quick wheelchair ride to the garage. The three
limos were waiting. The ride back to the hotel was without incident.

When Reza and I arrived back on our floor Nessa was waiting at the
elevator. "Doc called with the good news!" The men of the security detail
bristled that she ran over and gave me a hug. "I am so happy for you."

"'Nuff Mama Bear..." and shook off her embrace. "I can coach you this week
but I cannot workout with you, for a bit longer." I looked at the sergeant
and spoke in Arabic "Never serve with a big sister..." they all laughed.
Nessa shot me a dark look. I asked the sergeant to thank his father.
"Nessa, wanna come in while I call the boss?"

We entered the suite and I went directly to the office. I reconnected the
STU-II and engaged the security keys. I called Tamam's extension on base,
"Just got home. I will be fine; they had to remove a small blockage, Sir.
I'm looking forward to tonight but I have to limit my activities and sit
down often. But I will be able to attend. I've also been told I can take my
eval at anytime. I would actually like to do it before the General leaves
Thursday evening. There is a bit more news but it can wait."

"I will ask Standardization Evaluation if they can move up your eval from
Thursday afternoon. Shall we back up to that blockage issue? Are there any
ongoing issues?"

"Captain, I'm good. The crash caused some scarring that resulted in a
thickening of the common iliac artery. They were able to send a line up
through the artery in my thigh to shave the inside of the iliac down to
normal. On the upside I should have increased blood flow to the legs
helping my running."

"Oh joy, more complaints from the flight line. I will see you when I get
back to the hotel. It is very good news Jono, I will brief the General, he
is on site currently."

"I will tell Agent Ramirez he has to hang around for a bit longer. I may
take a short nap; I'm still very groggy from the sedative. I'm going to lay
out the uniform for tonight. I will make you proud, Sir."

"You have earned the nap. The General and his aide will ride in with you,
Captain Nelson, and Sgt Gilmore to the embassy. Reza and I will take the
Jag." I acknowledge the plan and we hung up. I knew he had to be super
professional in talking to me on the phone. For the same reason I could not
speak sweet words to him. People in earshot, God I hated hiding how good he
made me feel.

"Nessa, I guess you are stuck with me as your date tonight."

"I have had worse looking arm candy Taz. I have to get my mess dress
prepared; the Captain didn't set mine up for me." She pecked my cheek and
scurried off.

"Agent, um sorry, Pete, I guess you are stuck with babysitting detail for
another couple hours. Evals are running long and the General is taking
Captain Nelson's attention. I am sorry for taking so much of your time. The
fridge is fully stocked, and the office has a great PC in it."

"Jono, your safety IS my job, and you don't need to entertain me. But, you
have been very kind and a good detail. Have a good nap."

Reza led me to my room he grabbed my face and kissed my lips. "I wish we
were alone." He then wished me a good nap and returned to his room.

I set a two hour alarm, sat down on the edge of the bed to take off my
shoes, and promptly fell asleep taking off my shoes.

The alarm went off and I woke like a shot. I was still dressed in my gym
clothes but I had been wrapped in the soft fur bed cover. Tamam was sitting
in the corner chair. He was just looking at me with a very serious
expression across his face. I walked to him and curled up in his lap,
throwing my arms around his neck. "What is wrong my love?" I kissed him
beneath his chin.

"Jono, I could have killed you. Doctor Connor reported that the blockage
could have caused the vessel to rupture causing you to bleed out
internally, or pinch off the blood flow to your legs, leaving you paralyzed
at anytime. He also told me we could no longer be intimate."

"How odd, he told me it was only temporary. Tamam please don't start
treating me like some frail china doll. We are guaranteed neither our next
breath nor heartbeat. If I believed in the odds, I would have to curl up in
a grave with my family. I choose to live my life fiercely in what 'IS', not
what might be."

"Perhaps I misunderstood the doctor, but we will not return to play until
he says we can." I deployed my pouty lip at which point he took his finger
and pushed against the pushed out lip.

"But there are other things I can do for you. I enjoy bringing you pleasure
Tam, please don't make me stop." I softly kissed his lips. I could tell
from his breath, and taste of his mouth, he had been smoking heavily today.
"Tam there is one thing I would like to ask you to do for me." He made the
mistake of saying anything. "Please my love, I have lost too many I love to
cancer, please stop smoking. I know I stress you greatly and I will do what
I can to reduce that stress. I want our time together to be as long as
possible. Even if that is simply when you tire of me and do not want me
anymore."

"Jono, it is true I have had lovers before you. None of them could walk in
your shadow. You care so much for everyone around you. They were just empty
shells compared to you. The boys at the spa were right when they simply
called them Western sluts. They sought after me as a means to an end, or a
big Arab cock to ride. You genuinely care about my pleasure and joy. You
care about my family's name. Jono, that means so much. It is difficult to
believe, aside from stories and photos, I've only known you personally for
three weeks, but I cannot imagine my life without you in it."

"Why didn't you let me know you understood what the boys at the spa were
saying?"

"Because, I very much enjoyed seeing you take command of them, putting them
in their place, and on notice. I have used several of them for pleasure in
the past. They provide more services than just manicure, pedicure, and
massage... of course that's only if you can pay. Perhaps, I could ask Amman
to loan you Jy Ang as a temporary house boy... I think he would very much
like being under you. Yes Jono, I could tell that he was interested in you."

"Tam, you have opened so many new worlds to me. Considering how widely I
have traveled, that is saying something. I cannot imagine my world without
you in it. I need you more than oxygen. I might LIKE being with Jy, Ben, or
even your brothers. I LOVE being yours."

His lips danced across mine. Then he patted my bottom and told me, "Jono,
you must prepare for the embassy dinner. You look so pale my little one."

I tried to lighten the mood with a joke. "Oh, joy an American rubber
chicken dinner." I knew that was not going to be the case. Vanessa and I
had had several good meals at the embassy so far. I just hated the
politics, but Ben and Tam both insisted I play the game and make myself
useful to the Ambassador.

Knowing the King and several of his sons would very likely be there did
nothing to calm my nerves. Still I had to put on a brave face and get
ready. I gave him one more soft kiss and then went into the bathroom
showered, and started laying out my clothes.

"Tam, I'm missing one of my jackets! It was hanging in the closet now it's
gone. Hell, by my count I am down six shirts."

I was just about to reach for the phone to call security when Tamam
replied, "I sent them down to get cleaned. Hamza left a few chalk marks. I
wanted to surprise you. Just put on the other one."

"Tam, that one is 'special.' What happens if the General authorizes us to
break uniform? I am not so sure the inner liner fabric will go over well
with him."

"Jono, Lt General Mallory has a magnificent sense of humor. I have
forgotten something." He reached into his shirt and pulled out the chain
with my father's ring and placed it around my neck. With that he cradled my
face in his massive hands and kissed me.

God I yearned to have him in me. Sadly that couldn't happen now. He went to
his room to prepare. We decided early, for appearance sake we would all
take a private room in the suite. He and I would make love in one room and
then sleep in the other. That way both beds would look slept in to the
staff.

I started to prepare but hit a snag. I had never worn a mess dress before.
I had chosen to wear the matching shirt for the special jacket. I knew no
force on this planet was gonna get that jacket off my back tonight. The
shirt down was not an issue, but when I got to the cummerbund I was
confused.

Ben was still with the General, and Nessa was down with the hairdressers. I
saw the STU and remembered it was connected to the autovon circuits. I
remembered my Major was a creature of habit. It was 1300 at Basdahl, he was
at his desk reviewing the daily intelligence, and I knew the number to the
unit on his desk. "Cawfield!"

"Sir, I hate to bother you with this. I am preparing for an event at the
embassy. Do you wear a mess dress cummerbund pleats up or down."

"That would be pleats up, Jono. Think of it as a crumb-catcher. I hear you
have had a little excitement. I was so worried about you watching after
your teammates, I forgot to tell you to watch your own back Jono."

"I am in no more danger than anyone else." The line buzzed, as he initiated
secure talk on his end. With the line encrypted he continued.

"Jono, that's a load of bullshit and you know it. No one else on the team
has spies following them around mapping their moves. No one else is having
people follow their families around taking pictures of them. I could pull a
few strings and get you back here. It may cost me but I'll do it, if you
want."

"Sir don't, there's a chance we can get them to act here. Bring me back to
Germany; I will not have the OSI, NSA, FBI, and CIA watching me. I will not
have the Saudi Secret Police, and my father's old unit watching my back.
It's a little uncomfortable right now but I'm doing well."

"Jono, try to get STU extension installed into Vanessa's room. I understand
you are in pretty close proximity. I'd like to talk to someone else, whom I
can trust. I never have trusted Captain Nelson, I always felt like he was
hiding something. I'm not sure about this host nation Captain Hassan. I'm
not there the two of you are."

"Sir, the Hassan family is the closest thing to family I have left in this
world. My family and theirs have been doing business for generations. My
father and Captain Hassan's father fought together. My father saved his
father's life. Heck sir, I saved his brother's life. Trust me when I tell
you, I know he would die to keep me safe."

"Alright, that's at least two people I can trust in Riyadh, aside from
Vanessa. A blood debt is a really good bond. Still, keep your head on a
swivel, I want you back."

"I guess you haven't heard yet. General Mallory put in a request for my TDY
to be extended another five and a half months. I'll be back in Bremerhaven
just long enough to out-process the squadron. They're talking about putting
me on something called the NATO Southwest Asia "go team" as a follow-on
assignment. I think the Air Force finally figured out I can speak more
languages here than anywhere else on Earth."

"So Jono, have you met the General yet? If you have, don't repeat back his
blue language."

"Met him this morning when I was on the way to the hospital. He's a hot
ticket, I kind of like him. I do believe my Momma would wash his mouth out
with soap. Do you trust him?"

"Son, I suddenly feel a lot more secure about your safety. Knowing the
General has taken an interest in you is a very good thing. Yes, I trust
him. Did I hear correctly that you caused a dust-up with General Ambrose?"

"I made him stand outside the briefing room, until I could confirm his
security clearance and need to know. He actually gave me his challenge coin
for my due diligence."

"Only you Jono! Have you heard any gossip about us?"

"Nothing specific sir, but I know something is up."

"Lt Col Nathan has been relieved of command. We had a few people injured at
Stade. He was pushing for a quick setup trying to beat the wing record. Sgt
Garcia was impaled on a grounding rod, while setting up the lightning
arrest kit. Then Airman Moore got pinned between two fuel trucks. We were
encouraged by USAFE to redeploy back to site due to the injuries and the
projected severe weather, the boss decided to show some initiative and stay
in the field."

I muttered, "Shit..."

He continued. "Four people developed severe frostbite and had to be flown
to Ramstein Air Base by medevac helicopter. Lt Rodgers lost half her foot
as a result. Rumor has it the new CO is a newly-minted lieutenant colonel."

"I probably shouldn't be telling you sir, but I met him today. He seems
sharp, has a wicked sense of humor and speaks more than a few languages. I
think you'll like him. Forgive me sir, I did share that our unit was far
overdue for both depot and factory maintenance checks."

I also shared, "The General was a bit pissed about Sembach Air Base
bogarting the maintenance funds and using them to maintain a 'for show
only' mobile unit whose equipment was permanently secured to the ground by
concrete. The General said something about a no notice mobility drill for
them when he gets back."

He chuckled, "Well done, perhaps wing will open their wallet at last. About
the new boss, don't tell me anymore. I think I know who it is. Thanks for
the heads-up, I feel better. Have to get back to work here Jono, stay
safe." As the line went dead I thought to myself, I may have to rethink my
concept of family. Clearly mine has grown.

I finished dressing and wandered down to Tam's room. I stood in the door
hoping he would notice me. He looked so good from behind; he made my knees
go weak. I stood there in awe of my man as he poured himself a glass of
amber liquid. He turned as he touched the glass to his lips. Gawd how I
wished I was the glass.

He turned and smiled, "This is thirty year old Glen Garioch scotch. Until I
met you, it was my favorite vice." I inhaled the wonderful aroma from the
glass. He offered me a sip.

Oh, this sucked I thought as I replied, "I cannot, I am on antibiotics." He
finished his drink he pulled me in for a kiss. I could still taste the
scotch on his lips and tongue. We walked to the hall that held the three
smaller bedrooms across the rotunda.

Reza was just stepping out of his room. He was wearing a flawlessly
tailored black tuxedo, with onyx studs. "Tamam, did we get him a civilian
tux? He looks so very sexy! If he attends any charity events at the
hospital, I will need one for him when we get to Germany."

I might as well get this over with I thought. "Reza, I will only be in
Germany for a couple of weeks. At which point I will be out processing my
Squadron. The General informed me I have been extended until October of
next year." Tamam was grinning; Reza's disappointment was equally palpable.
I kissed him, "I am so sorry."

"While you are in Germany, I will still care for you, and keep you safe for
my brother." The two brothers hugged one another. "It will give me a
purpose to expedite my studies and return home for my residency training."

Ben stepped into the hall. "Looking sharp Jono, you have to introduce me to
your tailor."

"Sorry, Hamza doesn't take western clients."

"Do I really need to remind you, you're a westerner yourself, Taz?"

"Ah, but only on mom's side, and I speak to him in his own language. Add to
all of that, my beloved made the introduction."

Tam interjected, "In fairness, you charmed Hamza all on your own."

The door bell rang. I walked to the door Lt Nejem was there. I bid him
welcome exchanging pleasantries, and then I told him Captain Nelson is down
the hall. He hugged me "In YOUR home, my first name is Adar, not
Lieutenant."

Nessa exited her suite and glided gracefully across the mezzanine to my
suite. I saw how the eyes of my security detail followed her. Her hair,
makeup, and uniform were flawless. She reached my doorway the bubba bamma
girl spoke, "Words cannot convey how much I hate this whole get up. I feel
like one of those worthless bells at Cypress Gardens. How are you Baby Bear
you look a little pale?"

"A little wobbly but I'll be fine, Momma Bear."

We joined the crowd in the rotunda. Captain Nelson told me, "I secured the
STU for the evening. I do remember a doctor saying something about you
having to sit whenever possible. There are three other able-bodied people
in this suite. You don't have to run to the door just because the bell
rang, let us help you."

My eyes made contact immediately with the piano. The doctor said I had to
sit. He didn't say I had to be inactive. I lifted the lid and sat down on
the bench.

My fingers glided across the keyboard warming up. Inspiration flashed,
Sergei Rachmaninoff's piano Concerto Number 2. I lost myself; passion
overwhelmed me as my fingers pounded the keyboard. When I looked up half
way into the moderato portion everyone was standing in awe around the piano.

Somehow even the General and his aid slipped into the grand room. The
acoustics were perfect for the magnificent instrument. Nessa made a symbol
to keep playing.

The General look down at me and said, "Jono, you are truly a treasure. Your
bio said you played the piano, but it did not say how well. Please tell me
I won't lose you to Tops in Blue?" I smiled and told him it wasn't my
primary instrument, and was not interested in the Air Force's show band.
Tamam handed scotch to the General and Major Daniels.

The Major asked how long I had been playing. Not missing a single note, "I
started playing piano when I was three Papa's Papa gave me my first
lessons. I started cello at four."

"At six my brother would carry my cello, and we would ride down to the Gulf
to fish. Actually he would fish while I would play on the dock and tourists
would throw money into my case. Mikaeel told me we would use the money for
dock rental. It took me six months to figure out it was a public dock and
had no rental fee. It was actually the sheriff who picked up on Mike's
scam."

I finished the piece but continued the tale, "Dad was pissed at first,
until Mike told him what he had been saving for. Mike made a deal with Mr.
Ghorbani to buy me an Arabian, and by the time he got caught, we had Fajira
almost half paid for."

The Major laughed. "Dad and Uncle Jack were so impressed they split the
difference and bought the filly for my birthday. My dad was so impressed
with my play he replaced my practice cello with my full-sized performance
cello."

The Major replied, "Your family sounds cool. I had to make do with a loaned
violin for four years."

"I started on a loaner too. Dad came home from a buying trip; he had seen
me struggling with the loan closet cello from Uncle Jack's church. It was
too large for me. I had to contort my body to make it work right. He made a
deal to buy me my first trainer cello and found me an instructor, in
exchange I had to promise to practice at least an hour a day."

I reminded myself rule three, keep it short dumb-ass. "So how is this
working; I know the Captain, Sarge, and I are expected at the embassy to
talk to the Ambassador? I can only imagine what he must think of me."

"Well the General and I will be tagging along with you. Just in case he is
harboring a grudge. You're worth running interference for. Practically
every member of your operations crew thinks you walk on water. Don't worry
about the Ambassador you have friends you haven't even met, in higher
places."



"Major, if you don't mind can you help me out with the protocol. Are we
taking the King's vehicles, or will a motorcade be coming out from the
embassy?"

"That is a very good question son; I got to see the fleet of vehicles that
are assigned to you. You had to learn a whole bunch of new stuff."

"It was kind of hard to unlearn some stuff. I thought the guards were going
to grab me by the scruff of my neck when I tried to get in the vehicle
before Captain Hassan."

"How does this sound, we have you climb into the car last downstairs, right
behind the General. Then you can jump over to the forward seat and give the
General the honored position when we arrived at the embassy? Do you think
the guards and the driver will accept that?"

"It works for me, and I think they'll understand it. If not they'll grind
their teeth and tolerate it."

"Jono, you sound like you're learning leadership skills."

"Major, I may not like the circumstances, but one must rise to the occasion
as needed. The hard part is that every member of my security detail out
ranks me. It is good to speak for the King."

He tugged the braid on his sleeve. "Son that is the definition of a
General's aide."

The phone rang Tamam answered. "The car is ready for you Jono."

We drove to the embassy without incident. I was the last out of the
vehicle. The Marine guards saluted smartly for the officers. We were
escorted into the reception hall to wait for the ambassador.

The General spoke, "Jono, you take point when summoned. Bryce and I will
hold back a moment."

A staff member announced, "The Ambassador is ready to see you now."

The Ambassador snarled with a thick South Boston Irish accent, "So this is
the young man who lives to make my life miserable. Airman please, for the
love of Gawd volunteer to return wherever the hell you came from. The
mission would benefit more from your absence."

The General's voice boomed from the doorway, "Wally, lighten up already."

"Buzz, I wasn't expecting you yet!" Clearly the two men knew each other.

"Wally, this dust-up is not my Airman's fault. Hell sir, he speaks more
languages than all of us in the room combined." He dropped my file on the
ambassador's desk. "Add to that the boy has been traveling throughout the
region practically since before he could walk. Jono, do you have your
passports?" I responded yes sir. "Let the ambassador review the THREE of
them." I presented my well worn U.S. civilian passport, my maroon official
travel passport, and my dog-eared and worn Saudi national passport.

"I am told the young man was instrumental in bringing aid to Kurdish
refugees in Turkey. I shouldn't have to remind you, the host nation is also
HIS second nation. Our government may not recognize his Saudi citizenship
but theirs sure as hell does. He has more ties here than you do. I have
bumped into four families who want to adopt him outright."

He paused as he looked at me. "Jono, you look white as a sheet, sit down.
Mr. Ambassador, Please forgive the Airman, he probably didn't tell you he
just had surgery today."

"I hope it's nothing serious Airman Banks."

"I had a small blockage removed it was restricting some of the blood flow
to my legs. I was lucky; one of the surgeons just finished a fellowship
with Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston. The hospital was working on a
new surgical procedure. The doctor cleared me for light-duty, so long as I
sit a lot. Thank you very much for your concern sir."

The five of us continue to chat for a half an hour. I believe we managed to
assuage any concerns that the Ambassador still had. The Ambassador did ask
if I would be willing to serve while I was in country as a translator, only
when needed. I told him it would be my honor, and as one who wears a
uniform it was part of my duty to make his job easier.

When we completed our discussions we still had a couple hours before the
guests would start arriving. The Ambassador was kind enough to loan us the
Marine Corps break room to break uniform and relax. I knew I would be
standing at attention because there was no way on Earth I was taking off my
jacket. Major Daniels, Captain Nelson, and Nessa were the first to remove
their uniform jackets.

Then the general spoke, "Gentlemen, and Sergeant, I'm going to swear you to
secrecy about what you're about to see." He took his jacket off and what I
expected to see was the standard white mess dress pleated shirt. I was
surprised to see, aside from the front panel, the collars and cuffs being
white, the rest of the fabric was blue and covered with Tweety Birds
wearing bomber goggles.

The Major and the Captain started to laugh. The Gunnery Sergeant passed
each of them a hanger to hang their jackets and then approached me with a
final hanger. I looked at him smiled and said I'm good. He persisted in his
efforts to hand me a hanger.

The General finally looked at me and said, "Airman Banks remove your coat
now!" Shit he made it an order.

I removed my custom-made non-regulation mess dress jacket. The lot busted
out laughing as they saw the full colored Tasmanian devil inner lining. I
quickly put the jacket on the hanger and handed it to Gunnery Sergeant
Terrell, who was smirking. Then he walked behind me to hang up the four
jackets and saw the back panel of my shirt. I heard him stifle a snicker.

The General barked out another order, "Airman Banks about face!" I smartly
we spun around, exposing the large Tasmanian Devil wearing a World War II
bombers jacket and goggles on the back panel of my shirt. "Airman Banks it
is not good to show up a three-star General but that's hilarious."

I could not at that time imagine a more embarrassing situation. I could
feel the blush fade in my cheeks as I went from bright crimson back to pale
white. The Gunny spoke in a soft thick bayou Creole accent that screamed
New Orleans. "You drink coffee Airman."

I replied back to him in Creole, "Only when I am awake, Gunny. Please, if
you show me where the machine is I will get it for everyone." He thanked me
for the offer and said it would be his pleasure. Nessa joined the officers
in conversation.

He brought the officers their coffee and then sat down next to me with
mine. Then he continued our discussion in Creole; I assumed he had a need
for a degree of privacy.

"Airman, I understand you're something of an expert when it comes to local
customs. I was wondering if I could pick your brain on a problem that I see
developing with one of my Marines."

I replied, "Anytime Gunny." and took a sip of coffee and let out an, "Ah,
good coffee."

"One of my guys has been dating a local girl. It is starting to look like
it's getting serious. I want to head off any problems before they start."

"Please tell me it is with the family's knowledge and consent..." The Gunny
shook his head no.

"I hate to tell you Gunny the problem has already arrived. If the girl's
family does not know about the relationship and finds out, the girl will be
disciplined very harshly. They may even seek criminal charges against our
Marine. How on earth did they even meet in the first place?"

"He told me they met in an unlicensed disco."

"He is playing with fire; families here do not screw around with family
honor issues. If her father believes that she has done something to betray
the family's honor they have the right to stone her to death. How old is
this girl?"

The gunny shrugged. "Have they been intimate?" It earned me another shrug.
"The safest course of action is for him to cut it off now. If he still
wishes to pursue a relationship, he needs to do it right. He needs to know
this is a long drawn out endeavor. Courtship can take months. Let him know
I would be happy to help him do it right."

"I heard the officers call you Jono. What is that short for?"

"Jono is really the whole name, Gunny." As I wrote down the autovon and
local numbers for my room. "If you need my help, I am here for you and your
guys. Thanks to my brother, I have a soft spot in my heart for Marines."

The Gunny asked me to explain my comment. "My brother was killed by a drunk
driver while he was on delayed enlistment; he had just received his orders
to Parris Island. I think it broke the recruiter's heart when he told me
last year the Marine Corps couldn't take me due to my injuries from the
crash. I guess today has proven the Navy's doctors correct."

"Jono, doctors only PRACTICE medicine, what the fuck do they really know?
Life has taught me a long time ago, it is not the size of the dog in the
fight. It's the size of the fight in the dog. Your story made it to my side
of the Gulf coast, I am so pleased to finally meet you. I have to go to
review security for tonight. I'll send one of the guys up to tell you when
the guests are starting to arrive. Take a nap you look like you could use
it."

"Thank you Gunny." I drifted off as soon as my head hit the arm rest of the
sofa.

I awoke to Captain Nelson tapping on my forehead. "Damn boy, you can fall
asleep in a heartbeat!"

"Please tell me I wasn't snoring." He and Nessa chuckled at me. "Where did
the General and Major disappear to sir?"

"Guests started arriving about thirty minutes ago, they went down to
schmooze. General Mallory was concerned about you. He gave orders that you
not be disturbed until the King's entourage was inbound."

I took the hint. I jumped up off the couch a bit too fast the Captain
grabbed my arm as the room spun. "Slow down Jono. He is still at least
fifteen minutes out." I reassembled my uniform, and replied ready to go
sir. "You still look a bit pale, are you sure you're okay?"

"I am good; it takes me a couple days to purge the fucking meds. "I'll be a
bit more dizzy than normal. Is Captain Hassan here yet?" With a smile and
an affirmative nod we set out to join the party.

The entry hall was packed with uniforms and diplomats in formal wear from
every NATO member nation. Nessa held my arm as we descended the stairway
behind Captain Nelson. The first people we met at the base of the stairs
were the French and German contingents.

Polite insult based humorous quips bounced off each other as we made the
rounds. The British and Belgian Ambassadors were discussing the inadequacy
of each other's contribution to the Saudi people was. Of course all of the
damned childish behavior was cloaked in diplomatic gentle speak.

My heart leapt when I saw my Tamam. He was standing with Reza and
Najibullah. Reza was chatting with a cute Dutch Lieutenant. Tam greeted me
as Airman Banks. Najib grasped my arms and greeted me. "Najib, it is so
good to see you. I take it you have met Captain Nelson."

"It is good to see you again Benjamin. Who is this beautiful flower, Jono?"

"Najib, may I introduce Sergeant Vanessa Gilmore my supervisor and
surrogate big sister. Sergeant Gilmore, this is Prince Najibullah Hassan,
he is one of the few lawyers I have any respect for."

Nessa dropped her eyes as she replied, "Jono's praises are hard won, and it
is my honor to meet you Sir."

"Jono, I may have news for you this weekend about your father's estate.
With your permission I would like to investigate." I knew there were no
monetary holdings of any value, if there were the state would have taken
them as well. "Najib, I appreciate your diligence on my behalf, I just do
not know how I will pay you for your time."

"Jono, this is my joy to help you."

Gunnery Sergeant Terrell approached with an urgent look on his face.
"Airman Banks the Ambassador was wondering if he could impose upon you to
translate for him." He dropped his tone, "My staff translator just went UA.
Add to that the Official State Department's translator is home on emergency
leave."

I sensed the possibility of a connection and asked Najib if he would look
after Sgt Gilmore. As the Gunny and I walked towards the Ambassador I
asked, "Would our missing translator perhaps be a certain love sick leather
neck?"

The Gunny replied, "I extended your warning and offer to help. I thought he
was good, right up until he jumped the fence." Seconds later we arrived at
the Ambassadors side.

"I hope you don't mind this imposition Airman, but I'm stuck between a rock
and a hard place."

"Mr. Ambassador, I am not on my 'A' game but I will do my best sir."

"That is all I ask." I took my place to his left and a half step behind. We
made the circuit of the room; chatting and joking amiably with the other
diplomats and guests. I loved the ambassadors' dry wit. After about twenty
minutes I noticed the Gunnery Sergeant making a gesture to the Ambassador.
He whispered to me, "The King was just cleared through the gate."

We made our way to the entry hall and wait at the arrival. I turned to the
Ambassador and said in low tone, "The King has been treating me as extended
family. I do not know who he will greet first. I don't even know which role
he will acknowledge me; as his family member, his ally, or your translator."

"Thanks for the heads up Jono. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise that
dumb-ass Marine went UA today. It would truly have been embarrassing if he
walked through the door and walked past me to greet you. This at least
gives the appearance of diplomacy."

I drew in a deep breath and let out a sigh.

"I promise Jono, I'll get you seated as soon as possible. I know you have
had a long day. I have to admit I did like the way you were joking with
both the French and Danish ambassadors in their own tongue at the same
time. More than a few of our allies have admired your skill, wondering if
you were a permanent addition to the staff."

"Thank you very much for your kind words Mr. Ambassador. In three years
when my enlistment is done who knows, maybe I will decide to make my home
here in the Kingdom. At that time I'll be looking for good employment."

"Jono, you know you may be blunt, but you are honest. It's good to know
where a man stands. I can still call on you on occasion while you're here?"

"It would be my pleasure Mr. Ambassador." Our quick discourse was
interrupted as the horns let loose with Pomp and Circumstance.

The King had arrived. His eyes locked on to me. I took a half step further
back from the Ambassador to communicate my desire. He greeted the
Ambassador warmly and I translated his words of welcome.

The King then greeted me. "The doctors told me, your procedure went well.
My heart is filled with joy that you are with us tonight, but I believe you
are not to over exert yourself. You are very pale my little friend."

"My King, his Excellency the Ambassador needed my skills tonight. With so
many different tongues floating around it was easier to have one translator
near him to greet all of his guests, than a team of ten or twenty. You have
my word, I will rest my King." He chuckled with the image and kissed my
cheeks.

The King and his entourage moved down the receiving line. I felt the
ambassador's hand on my back. "I followed most of what you said, well done.
Thank you for not telling the whole truth about why we needed you."

"I will never let you appear weak sir." We followed along the reception
line and guided the King and his fighter pilot son to the head table. The
ambassador gestured towards what was my seat I stood by it until he and the
King sat. My heart sank as I saw how far I was from Tamam. On the upside it
looked like Najib and Vanessa were hitting it off.

"Are you okay Jono?" The Ambassador whispered.

I came up with a good half truth and whispered back, "I have not been more
than a few steps from my security detail since we found out someone wanted
to kill me. I have had to adjust my thinking in the last forty-eight hours.
Having them all the way across the room I suddenly feel, a little naked."

The King overheard my comment and replied, "My son Usef is armed, and the
Marine standing right behind you is armed. You are very safe."

His son chimed in, "Look how Captain Hassan's eyes are sweeping the room,
looking for threats."

I chuckled, "Papa Omar would never forgive him if I was harmed."

The Ambassador asked with a puzzled look, "Papa Omar?"

"Omar Hassan, I guess you could say he has been following me my whole life.
He was one of the first people who held me when I was born. He stood with
my parents when they were told I was not expected to survive the night. He
is the closest thing I have had to family for a very long time. Then I
started meeting the people who served with my father, and my family has
grown even larger still. Sorry sir I'm babbling."

The Ambassador replied, "You're not babbling, you're answering my question."

I sank into the background and continued translating for the powerful men
assembled at the table for several hours.

After what I dismissed as a long blink, I felt a hand on my throat and a
familiar voice echoed in my ears, "Are you okay Airman? JONO!" It was
Tamam. The Gunny was checking my pulse.

I shook the fog from my head, "Two things I have to know. How long was I
out? Please tell me I was not drooling." A nervous chuckle went up from the
table. "I am so sorry gentlemen. This was not an indictment of your
conversation; it has just been a very long day. Let me get a cup of coffee
and I'll be good to go."

Tamam replied, "NO! Airman Banks coffee will not do, I am taking you back
to the hospital."

"Please Sir; I spent eight months in a hospital. I have no desire to go
back to one unless I am dying."

The General interceded, "Jono, I know for a fact you have been up since
very early this morning. Add to that I doubt you've had anything to eat
before this meal tonight. Today you have had surgery, you've been put under
general anesthesia, and you've been under more stress than most of us in
this room. Son you're off duty for the next forty-eight hours. Report to
your hotel room get at least eight hours of sleep. I will see you for
breakfast in the morning."

He turned and addressed Reza, "Prince Hassan, I understand you're studying
medicine in Germany; would you look in on Airman Banks through the night?
If his condition deteriorates, call for the ambulance. Airman Banks, that
is as far as I'm willing to go on this issue. My baby brother spent six
months in a burn ward. I know how much he hates hospitals, I can empathize."

"Thank you sir, I'll head back to the hotel. I'll send the limos back for
you."

The Gunny spoke, "Don't worry about the General or anyone else. The embassy
has a fleet of limos; I will take care of them. You just get yourself well
Airman."

Najib spoke up, "I will bring Captain Nelson and Sergeant Gilmore back for
you."

I again apologize for disturbing the dinner, and was whisked swiftly out
the front door with Reza into the limo. I don't remember the trip from the
car to the suite. Reza helped me change from my mess dress into my blue
silk jammies and tucked me in. I didn't get much sleep because every thirty
minutes Reza would disturb me to check my vitals. Hours later when Reza
came in again to check my vitals; I looked over in the corner of the room
and saw Tamam sleeping on the chaise lounge.

When Reza left, I climbed out of bed and curled up with him. He stirred,
"You should not be out of bed, Jono."

"Neither should you my love. My place is by your side, if you will not come
to my bed, I must come to you. I do realize I am impulsive, but you can
trust in my weakened state, I will not take advantage of you while you
sleep."

"I will take your word Jono." With that he swept me up like a rag doll and
carried me back to bed. I snuggled hard against him. It just felt right
when he kissed my forehead. He was telling me without a single word; I love
you, I will care for you, and you are mine. I felt very cared for and very
safe as he wrapped his massive arms around me. The events of the day
finally overtook us and we drifted into a deep sleep.

- Continued

--

--Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Sun, 20 Aug 2017 20:21:14 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 07 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 7 - The King & I

Once we were safely in the limo and safely underway from the hotel, I
voiced my concern. "Tam, why do I have the place of honor? You are a
Captain, I am just an Airman. Hell you both are princes; here I am,
just a fucking nobody. Gawd I need a drink!"

"Jono, you are far from being nobody. You are the son of a great hero,
the honored guest of our King... Wait, you drink alcohol Jono?"

"Surely you don't think that Nessa and I have been hanging around the
Canadian embassy for the poutine? I had my first taste of whiskey when
I was eight. Momma was hoping I would hate the taste, boy howdy I
tells you was she wrong. On one trip my Papa discovered I had a taste
for ogogoro and sodabi. I take it that's something I shouldn't share
with the King?" Reza laughed out loud.

Tamam replied, "Let us just say for the rest of your stay in the
Kingdom you shall be abstaining from consumption of alcohol, at least
in public. In my presence you will not consume that West African
filth." I dropped my head and pulled my lower lip into my mouth. I had
disappointed him with my low palette. "There is no shame Jono, I
simply wish to expose you to the finer things that life has to offer.
Much of that African palm wine can rob you of your sight, and these
beautiful gems have much to see."

My Gawd I wanted to crawl in his lap cuddle and kiss him all over. I
did not know the driver, so I figured that was probably a bad idea.
Instead I reached down and softly squeezed his hand; he smiled at me
and returned the gesture. Reza was grinning like an idiot, as usual.
The limousine paused only for a second as we were waived through the
gates of the Royal Estate. I guess the four motorcycles that were
screaming on each corner of the vehicle were subtle hint we were
expected.

Gawd I really did need that drink. I asked Tamam when the last time he
was here. He told me never. No pressure I thought. We pulled up to the
main house and the doors flew open. My military training was once
again getting in the way as I waited for Tamam to exit the vehicle. My
hesitation was showing, because Tamam reached down and pinched my
still tender butt cheek to remind me that I was the honored guest and
should leave the vehicle first. I have so much to unlearn.

Prince Aziz was standing by the front door awaiting us. He kissed both
my cheeks in the traditional greeting. Then he greeted Tamam and then
coolly acknowledged Reza. This was starting to get on my nerves. We
were led through into the throne room the king had already risen to
greet me. I forgot all that Tamam had taught me and fell back on a
lesson from Papa. I dropped my head and said, "My life for my King."

"Jono, your greeting is unexpected, but appreciated. Aban taught you
well. Still, your family has given more than enough blood for my
throne." He kissed my cheeks, and I his.

He took my arm and led us into the banquet room. He led me to the
chair to his right. Tam and Reza were down near the foot of the table.
The King introduced me to his sons as Jono "Son of Aban" Al-Amin, all
had an impressed expression. I got the feeling I was the only one at
the table who didn't know my Papa's whole story.

Dinner was a long drawn-out affair. The King's sons kept me
entertained with stories of their business acumen. The son to my
right, Usef was a Colonel and a fighter pilot with the ego to match.
He boasted about graduating with top marks from F-15 flight training.
I could see Tamam's jaw grinding. It was Aziz who gave me an
opportunity to address a concern.

"Jono, how do you like your new accommodations?"

"I am more than a little overwhelmed by your family's extreme
generosity. I am also grateful beyond my ability to express. A simple
thank you is so inappropriate. Still, I don't know what I'll do with
all that space. I kind of got used to barracks life this year."

"I was fortunate Omar Hassan loaned me his sons to help teach me more
about Papa's culture and keep me from being so alone. It does make me
more comfortable. I lived with thirteen foster brothers and sisters at
the group home. Spending time with Tamam, Naser, Najibullah, and Reza
has been like having a family again. This weekend I have felt like I
was truly at home. I haven't been this happy in years."

I knew I was tempting fate, but I decided to openly flirt with their
precious 'polite secret.' "Reza has even offered to stay in one of the
rooms until he returns to school." A flurry of panicked looks flew
around the table. Tam shook his head.

"Najibullah is looking into whether my Saudi passport is still valid,
or if my status died with my father. The U.S. government will never
accept it, but it was important to Papa."

The King rested his hand on my arm. "I and so many owe our lives to
Aban Al-Amin. It is my responsibility to protect his sole heir, while
you are in my kingdom. I know it can be isolating, and I am grateful
my nephews are caring for you as family. Family is everything; you are
as much a part of my family as Aban was. MY sons will make sure you
have current paperwork."

He smiled and rested his hand on my arm, "You are home, we are family.
When it comes to OUR claiming you as citizen, the American
government's acceptance does not matter. You are a lost child of
Islam. It is both our delight and our obligation to care for the last
son of one of our mightiest defenders." His sons nodded in agreement.

After dinner the king took me into the courtyard garden. We talked
about the happy string of miracles that brought me to the kingdom.
After a few moments I screwed up the courage to ask the question, "My
King, I have never been told the substance of my Papa's story. Could
you tell me what happened? Papa said he would tell me when he thought
I was old enough to understand. That day was taken from me."

"That would be my pleasure little one. The region we were in was in
dispute for generations, the Saudi claim has always been the stronger
one. We entered the city and engaged the Yemeni loyalists. We had the
numbers to carry the day; still they tried to even the odds. The enemy
loaded explosives into a cargo truck and drove toward our lines."

He rested his hand on my shoulder, "It was Aban who recognized the
threat ran out from cover into the road shooting at the vehicle. As
the driver succumbed to his wounds, the explosives in the vehicle
detonated. We believe based on the devastation that the bomb had no
less than 600 kilograms of explosives."

His eyes closed and he swallowed hard, "If the truck had gone any
further it would have killed me and every member of the senior staff."

"Because of your father's courage, only four people died and three
others were injured. We won the day because of him. Between the
concussive impact and the shrapnel, we were convinced your father was
dead. As soon as we realized he was still with us, we had him rushed
back to the field hospital. From there he was stabilized and flown to
Riyadh."

We sat on a bench next to an ornate fountain, "Your mother was a
student nurse there. She stayed by his side the entire time he was
recovering. She told him of her family in Florida. She shared stories
of her father and older brother's famous horses, champions all. She
continued her ceaseless prattle, talking to him non-stop until finally
his eyes opened and he commanded her to be silent. The hand of the
Prophet truly walks alongside your family."

He smiled, "By the point when he was able to walk, the die was cast
and your father was smitten with his beautiful American nurse."

He continued, "A couple years earlier, it was I who told my father of
a lovely woman I met while traveling to America with my cousin Omar.
Father arranged a nursing scholarship for her. It was hoped she could
be seduced and even agree to marry me. You must remember the times;
women such as her brought a degree of glamour and status to the throne
rooms in the old empires. He was seething that she would fall in love
with Aban, even though he had saved his son's life. I told Aban that
he should continue healing overseas."

"In time my father's anger cooled. By that time Aban was established
in Florida, and in your family. I loved hearing him boast about his
sons. He clearly favored the little one that his Nan loved so. You
were the one he enjoyed traveling with. He once said to me, 'Jono is a
blessed boy. He has the gift that builds peace between bitter
enemies.' He was amazed with your gifts, learning new languages and
music. I was crushed when I leaned of the death of your family. I
mourned your death as if I lost my own children"

He put his arm around my shoulders. "More than anything Aban wanted
sons. He thought his injuries protecting me and his fellow soldiers
took that from him. You were his second great blessing from Allah. I
did not know my old friend's son was alive, let alone could not afford
to finish his education until the son arrived in my kingdom. I feel as
if I failed both Aban and you."

"You did not fail neither him, nor I, my King. The most important
lesson Papa taught us boys about life is the need to learn to stand.
He often told us, `In spite of the odds, stand. In spite of the pain,
stand. In spite of the burden, stand. Even the strongest of men will
get knocked down, no recovery can begin until we learn, or if
necessary relearn, to stand.'"

"Aban would be proud of you Jono. You are indeed worthy to carry his
name and legacy." He hugged me again, and we returned to the others.

Reza watched on as I defeated Usef in backgammon. Two of the King's
other sons chose to make fun of the rings around Reza and my eyes. I
apologize for our appearance. Then I reminded them that even the
prophet encouraged the use of kohl to protect vision. "Our Prophet
himself would put kohl on his eyes three times every night, before he
went to sleep. He would put kohl three times on his right eye and two
times on his left."

The King praised my wisdom, and knowledge of the texts. His words took
the sting out of their comments, as they retreated like scalded
animals.

I could not help but notice when Tam was pulled aside by the King and
Prince Aziz. Security officers joined them. They appeared to be in a
deep heavy conversation. I was curious but, I had no doubt if it
involved me Tamam would tell me later. In hindsight it was as if the
men were playing games with me for no other reason than to distract me
from the conversation across the room. I was starting to get irritated
but I figured I should keep my hand close to my chest. I think Reza
picked up on my darkening mood.

After about an hour, Tam approached me with the King. The King spoke,
"Jono, I look forward to seeing you at the embassies this week." He
kissed both of my cheeks and then Reza, Tamam, and then I re-entered
the limousine.

Once in the limo, I asked Tam what they had been discussing all
evening, he simply said we would discuss it later. As we left I
noticed there were two other limousines leaving at the same time. Both
of them had a security escort of eight police motorcycles each. I
couldn't help but notice the security detachment on our limo had
doubled from four to eight police motorcycles as well.

I could see the tension in Tam's face. I knew he needed me to be
patient and calm. Once out the gate all three limousines headed off in
different directions. Fifteen minutes later we were pulling in to the
garage of the hotel. We were led through the kitchen, to a service
elevator. Hotel security was everywhere. The service elevator dropped
us at one of the mezzanine levels to transfer to the private elevator.

Once in the private elevator we were whisked back to our penthouse
level suites. When the doors opened OSI Special Agent Ramirez was
there to greet us. "Airman Banks, I hope you had a good evening. The
technicians have finished installing STU-IIB extensions in both
Captain Nelson and your suites. Are you in for the night?" I replied
in the affirmative.

We walked across the penthouse mezzanine to the door of my suite. We
were joined by Captain Nelson. Agent Ramirez turned to Reza. "Mr.
Hassan, please stay here with security for the moment." Tamam nodded
at his brother, who took a chair by the door. Once inside and behind
closed doors, I asked the question "Is someone going to tell me, what
the hell has happened?"

"There is credible intelligence that a tactical operation may be in
place, threatening the American forces in Riyadh." Agent Ramirez
continued, "The King has tripled security on every member of the
detachment. He has requested additional assistance protecting you
specifically. The Central Intelligence Agency has collected intel from
their assets, which included photos of you, and information about your
foster family in Florida."

I turned and shouted at Captain Nelson, "Sir, if I am putting other
members of our team at risk, please send me back to Germany! I do not
want to be responsible for even one of them dying or becoming injured.
I am NOT that important to the mission. I am not irreplaceable."

Tamam spoke, "Jono, because of your father, you are a symbol. Add to
that, the King values you greatly, as does our family. You are more
indispensable than you know. The King was alerted to the security
threat against you shortly after dinner. I was requested by him to
remain by your side as your personal guard when we are not on duty. I,
Captain Nelson, or Agent Ramirez will be by your side at all times."

He rested his huge hand on my quaking shoulder, "Keeping you here in
country is the only way we can keep you safe. We're going to limit
your public exposure, and thus limit their targeting opportunities.
This attempt is not so much about killing you, as making our
respective countries look weak. The Yemenis and their allies will stop
at nothing to make our two governments look foolish. We cannot allow
this to happen. You have a foot on two sides of the ocean firmly
planted in two nations. You would be a powerful public symbol for
propaganda if suddenly removed."

"Is the Ghorbani family protected? When I call them what can I say?"

Agent Ramirez replied, "The US Marshall Service is working with the
local Sheriff to keep them safe. I would prefer you not contact them
just now," he must have realized by the expression on my face that he
was not going to get his wish. "Since you are going to call them no
matter what, please keep the conversation general in nature."

Suddenly, I had a flash of memory to a point earlier in the day, as I
muttered, "There were six crappy suits."

Agent Ramirez simply responded with "Excuse me Airman?"

I continued. "When we came back from Al-Umran, there were six men in
the lobby with really bad suits, five of them where your team members.
Who was the guy with the dirty-blonde hair, pasty white skin, thick
lips, with the really poorly cut brown suit, buff shirt, and wide faux
silk brown tie leaning against the piano?"

I looked at Tamam, "With THAT skin tone, I know he wasn't one of
yours." I turned my gaze to agent Ramirez, "I doubt he would be a
member of your team since he didn't have an earwig." Both men shook
their heads no. I continued, "No self respecting businessman would
wear a suit that bad in such an affluent environment. That leaves a
spy or a cop."

A now very self-conscious agent Ramirez looked down at his suit and
crossed his arms defensively. "I'm sorry sir; I know what you guys get
paid for your clothing allowance. I also know they don't teach you how
to buy off the rack to make inexpensive items look expensive. Once
we're done with this I'll gladly help you out. I also know the world
of James Bond is fiction and spies don't look like jet setters. That
guy had to have been Eastern European, possibly Russian."

Agent Ramirez replied, "That leaves me two questions for you Airman.
If you noticed the sixth person why didn't you speak up? Second, why
do you assume Eastern European or Russian?"

"I have been traveling with my family, and doing business with people
from around the world, since I was a small child. My time in Turkey
taught me the only people I have met who wear five-year dated clothing
were from the other side of the Iron Curtain. Given how pale he was,
I'm assuming northern tier."

I continued, "As to your first question, if I had known what was
happening in the first place, my attention would have been focused in
a different direction. Number six would have had my undivided
attention. I may have even sat down and played something on the piano,
striking a conversation with him to find out where he was from, just
by listening to his accent. Because of my size and appearance most
people tend to dismiss my powers of observation and intelligence. My
curse is on rare occasion, one of my greatest gifts. Perhaps both
governments would keep that in mind in the future. If the hotel has
video surveillance, do you want me to go down to security and review
the footage?"

"No, I think I can do it from your description he should stand out. I
know this will be difficult for you Airman, but I need you to stay in
this suite unless you have duties elsewhere. I can guarantee you your
surroundings are far better than what my team and I have."

"Sir a cage, even one this beautifully gilded, is still a cage. But I
will adapt. I put myself in your hands."

Tamam led the agent to the door, as Captain Nelson introduced me to
the STU-IIB. I hated the STU-II; it made people sound like Donald Duck
through five miles of garden hose. Then he led me to the office and
taught me how to secure the key, and open and closed the safe. I
looked at him and apologized. "I am sorry sir; you shouldn't have to
deal with all my baggage. I have put every member of our team in
jeopardy."

"Jono, this is NOT your doing. This is NOT your baggage. You may have
inherited it from your father but, you did not create it. No one on
this team or in the command chain holds you responsible. You are a
natural linguist, which is a resource we cannot afford to lose. The
fact you are also a good trainer is the bonus as far as the general
and I are concerned. By the way, General Mallory will be here in the
morning, he will be on hand for the delivery of the first five Eagles.
I know these three suites are technically yours but, would you mind if
we put both he and his adjutant up in two of the rooms in my suite?"

"I am cool with it. Maybe you could move in here. I do have two more
empty rooms. That way the General could have the whole suite next
door, if he doesn't mind joining us in the bull's-eye. Sorry for the
bad joke, I just can't live like this, constantly looking over my
shoulder. I knew putting on the uniform came with risks but, I never
imagined someone I never knew would want me, specifically dead."

"Jono, that's when you need 'battle buddies' watching your back. We
got your back lil-buddy. I'll start haulin my shit over." With that I
walked back into the living room. Reza, Tamam, and I were alone at
last.

I walked to Tamam and rested my head against his sternum. "Is it okay
if I stop being brave for a moment?" He wrapped his arms around me and
told me softly three little words, "I have you." I wrapped my arms
around his waist burying my face in his massive chest just shaking.
After my arms finally connected around the small of his back, I could
feel the 45 caliber he had tucked in his waistband. After what felt
like an eternity I turned my head up, resting the bottom of my chin on
his chest and looked into his eyes. "If you are staying here you need
to get more clothes. You run home and pack."

He picked me up, and then kissed me ever so sweetly. He let me suck
his bottom lip between my own. When our lips finally parted he lowered
me to the floor and told me he could send for his things. I reminded
him that anything that someone else packed would probably be opened
inspected and shoved back in the bag. If I was not safe in this hotel,
with all its security, I was safe nowhere. He acknowledged my wisdom
on the matter.



Tam kissed me again and started to go. "Tam..." when he turned I
continued, "...please grab a holster. I'd hate to see you damage that
perfect bum of yours."

It took about 20 minutes to move the Captain's stuff. He then looked
at me an announced, "Movie night."

"First, I am getting out of this suit. I'll be back in a couple
minutes." I quickly put on my jade green silk jammies. I was surprised
to find a set of matching slippers for each of my color combinations.
I met Reza in the hall. I pointed to my slippers, "Your brother thinks
of everything." I couldn't help but notice how he looked so damn cute
in his chocolate brown mid thigh length silk sleep shirt.

Reza hugged me and said, "He is quite obsessive when it comes to
matching colors. Drive him crazy, switch them up. Or better yet wear
both a blue and a green one."

I playfully pecked his cheek, "Reza, I have far better, and more
enjoyable ways to drive him crazy."

We walked into the lounge area. Captain Nelson was wearing a tank top
t-shirt and satin running shorts. His body was covered in even more
hair than I imagined. "Jono, you know how this fucking TV works?"

"Sir, off the top of my head no. I'll see if I can find the owner's
manual. Reza, you got a clue?"

He smiled and took control of the remote. "I have one like it in
Germany." He pushed one button and the blinds closed, and a screen
came down from the ceiling, covering the center windows. He pushed
another and the test signal from the projector flooded the screen.

I called down to the manager's desk informing him of the change in
suite assignments, and how the now empty suite needed to be prepared
for another high profile guest who would be arriving in the morning.
He thanked me for the advanced notice and said the suite would be
ready.

The Captain pointed at his VCR, "Know how to connect this Reza?"

"That depends, if it is NTSC it won't work here."

"I got it at the Exchange before I left, it is universal. It cost a
mint, but as much as I travel it is nice being able to watch a few
'training' films." Apparently I must have had a confused look on my
face. The Captain simply said, "You'll see." I fumbled through the
videos in the case. None really caught my eye a couple action
adventures, and musicals... Oh joy I thought, and plopped myself down
in the pit group.

In a few moments the guys ceased their labors, the Captain grabbed a
selection and popped it in. He fast forwarded through the opening
credits and then the opening helicopter shot of a woman twirling
around on a mountain top, singing about the hills been alive.

Suddenly the bright image disappeared and was replaced by a darkly lit
bedroom with a wrought iron bed. Then two hot looking, muscular, furry
guys wearing cowboy hats, leather vests and chaps, entered the room.
They were pawing at each other and kissing through their 5 o-clock
shadows. I shot a puzzled look at the Captain as Reza curled up in the
sofa group with me.

Nelson smirked, "Recording over a video is a good way to slip things
through customs. Having fuck buddies at the Canadian embassy gets this
for us to enjoy." He gave us each a glass of amber liquid. The odor
was all I needed to let me know it was top shelf whiskey. As I took a
sip he spoke, "You two look cute together I may have to rethink
twinks."

"Twinks, Sir?" No sooner had the words cleared my lips when Reza
busted out laughing.

Captain Nelson settled into the pit group by my side opposite Reza,
"Jono, we are sharing a suite, you are drinking my booze, and watching
porn with me. Please, leave my rank at the door. Call me Ben.
Surprised you don't understand what a twink is. That is what the two
of you are, smooth cute and boyish. The two guys on the screen and I,
we are bears, furry and manly."

"B-ben, I just got the concept of tops and bottoms down. How much more
is there to learn?"

"We really have to work on that nervous stammer of yours. Jono, twinks
normally like to bottom, whereas bears tend to top on twinks, and like
to take turns with each other. We also like our sex a little rougher."
I blushed

My blush deepened when Reza chimed in with, "There are always
exceptions. I love bottoming for Jono. He may be tiny and a bit timid,
but he can go for hours." I thought Ben was gonna choke on his whiskey
as Reza rolled over and locked his lips to mine.

"I was not expecting to learn that. I guess it is true dynamite comes
in small packages. Now as far as tonight's activities I would strongly
recommend that it stay in this room. I think the General's adjutant
may be bi or gay, but I know for a fact the General is not."

The action on the screen continued, and intensified. A small man
dressed as a bellhop entered the room, he was grabbed violently was
then tied to the headboard the bed. As the bondage increased intensity
a sudden cold chill ran down my back. I climbed out of the pit group
and walked over to the table trembling. Reza walked up behind me and
wrapped his arms around my chest. Ben stopped the video and asked what
the problem was.

"I'm sorry Sir, restraint; it's the one spot in SERE school I had
trouble with. After the crash I spent almost a year in restraints of
one kind or another; first to minimize the injury to my spinal cord.
Then the doctors used therapeutic restraints and braces to force my
body to learn how to move again. I'm sorry it's more than a bit
frightening to me and very uncomfortable."

"I understand BDSM isn't for everyone. You do have to tell your
partner where the borders are. I hadn't even thought about the crash.
Your fear of restraints is understandable and nothing to apologize
for, and Jono, again it is Ben, not Sir. Hell, I am not that much
older than you. How about we put Rambo in?"

I nodded yes. He rubbed my head and smiled then went to his movie
case. Reza and I returned to the pit group, and began snuggling. Reza
reached over pushing a button on the side armrest of the pit.
Immediately the foot rests extended upward filling the gap between the
padded ottoman and the seats, making a complete circle of padded
comfort.

I reached over my glass; it had somehow been refilled while Reza's
glass was now almost empty. I gulped a mouthful just to try keeping
up. Ben walked over and topped us off and Reza thanked him. He raised
his glass to his lips but I did not see him drink. I noticed Reza was
now stretched out between Ben and I.

My inhibitions slowly faded as Ben's booze warmed my insides. Each
time I reached for my glass, it was "magically" full again. I took
another full gulp and set the glass down. Reza slid his hand into my
pj top and began playing with my nipples. I looked at him through
bleary eyes. I was trying to decide if he really wanted to play or if
he was waiting for me to pass out from the booze.

Ben's hand was firmly rubbing the inside of Reza's thigh. It was clear
to me, Ben wanted to do more than play with Reza. I felt Reza opening
the three buttons on my pj top. As the silk slid from my shoulders,
Ben admired my definition as I lowered my back to rest on the seat
cushions. His hands however, were busy as well, sliding Reza's sleep
shirt up over his thighs exposing his naked bottom.

Ben parted Reza's cheeks and roughly buried his tongue deep in Reza's
ass, I took over the task of gliding the soft garment over his head
and off his body. Reza now naked on top of me, he attacked my mouth
with his in fierce passion.

He learned his lesson at the spa; he knew I could not bear his full
weight. He struggled at pushing the waistband of my bottoms down,
while straddling my small frame. Looking over his shoulder I could see
Ben taking off his shirt exposing his perfect six pack abs covered in
that thick chestnut brown fur.

He could see the difficulty Reza was having with my bottoms. Ben's
hands pulled the fabric so hard both the pj bottoms and underwear came
off at the same time. He used such force that I was pulled through
Reza's legs and half way down his slim body. Ben let out, "Sorry
buddy, I didn't think that one through."

I was left looking at Reza's semi erect cock. I replied, "Not a
problem here!" as I began licking and nibbling on my third Hassan
prick of the weekend. In no time at all Reza was rock hard. He was
nowhere near as well endowed as his big brothers but, still I admired
that his was bigger than mine. I wrapped my lips around it and drew
him into me.

Not to be outdone Ben parted my knees and slid his rough furry torso
between my legs and began sucking on my cock. Nessa would be so
jealous I thought to myself. Oh joy, I mused, another thing I have to
keep to myself. I noticed while Tam's body hair was soft and fluffy,
Ben's was scratchy and coarse. How I wished he was here right now.

Reza pumped into my mouth hard. I had let my attention wander and it
shown in my performance. "Focus damn it" I thought to myself. Here I
had two gorgeous men who wanted my body, and were willing to share me.
The least I could do was pay attention to their desires. Ben engulfed
my rod and swiftly, actually a bit too swiftly. His prickly facial
hair dug into the bare skin of my scrotum and hip. I winced in
discomfort. It was as if I had a wire brush down there.

Reza knew something was up and climbed off. Ben released me and
crawled up to my face. "That is the problem with shaving down there
buddy, you leave your tackle unprotected." Reza laughed out loud. Ben
continued, "I clearly am missing the joke."

I pointed at Reza, "He is the one who waxes. I am naturally smooth."

Ben shot back, "You are fuck'in kidding me! How old are you again?"

"Nope I am not kidding, Reza waxes." I replied playfully as Reza
slowly stroked my cock, "I am still eighteen, chronologically.
Physiologically, it is a different story, things don't always work
right. That's how I stayed a virgin so long. No-one saw me as a sexual
being till I got here and met Tamam. Reza was the first to get
pleasure from that lil' nub." With that Reza straddled my hips and
mounted my cock.

Ben roughly kissed me then whispered, "Jono, you're not that tiny. I
have seen much smaller, some guys barely have a fat button sticking
out, those cocks are called chodes. Look at the smile you are putting
on Reza's face. I could be wrong, but I think he is happy..."

It was true he was grinning ear-to-ear. My hips were bucking up as his
was riding down. We started to develop a good cadence as he reached
down tracing the outline of Ben's cock through his shorts. Ben used
one hand to firmly hold my mouth to his, the other he used to pull his
shorts down to grant Reza access to his prick. Reza reach down with
his other hand resting it under my bottom and began bucking my hips
further to the side.

Eventually Ben, Reza, and I formed an erotic triangle. I was fucking
Reza side saddle, while he was sucking Ben's uncircumcised cock, while
Ben was alternating between tongue fucking my mouth, and aggressive
nipple play. Ten minutes in we had just gotten into a comfortable
groove.

Both of my hands were desperately holding on to Reza's hips for
leverage. Reza was holding Ben's fuzzy balls in one hand and playing
with Ben's belly fur with the other. Ben had one hand behind Reza's
neck while he skull fucked his mouth violently. The other was being
used to tweak one nipple then the other on me as my mouth was locked
to his. That's when I felt the finger softly caressing my asshole.

In all the sexual action, I lost track of how many hands were involved
until another hand softly lifted the other cheek exposing my asshole
more.

I turned my gaze and saw Tam out of the corner of my eye. He was
standing behind me smiling. He had already stripped off his clothing
and was bending over me. He used both his thumbs to penetrate my ass
and get me ready. Now my hips were violently thrusting forward and
back trying to get more sensation both from my cock and ass.

It was Ben who first broke contact. He released my lips and then
removed his throbbing member from Reza's throat. Tamam then forcibly
pulled me from Reza's wonderful ass.

The disappointment must have been visible on our faces. I was so
close. Tam told me, "A good host meets the needs of all of his guests
Jono." By that point Ben had already flipped Reza on his back and
begun fucking his hole hard.

"Tam that is what I was trying to do. Please, tell me what am I
missing and I will fix it." He knelt behind me and pulled me up until
I was on my knees and my back made contact with his soft furry tummy.
As his shaft swelled and twitched against the small of my back I
rolled my head back and to the side. I then flicked the tip of my
tongue against his right nipple.

He told me again I was neglecting a guest. I was getting damned
frustrated, "Ben is happy, Reza is happy, damn straight I want to make
you happy who am I forgetting Tam?"

I swear my man loved confusing me, almost as much as he loved training
me. He gently grabbed my chin and pointed my head in the direction of
Reza's crotch. His cock leapt every time Ben slammed into him. The
light bulb went on. My man wanted me nursing on his baby brother's
cock, and was not going to give me what I needed till I did.

I obediently dropped onto all fours and started kissing my way down
Reza's slender body until I almost reached his throbbing member. I was
just about to take possession of my prize when all of a sudden the
most delightful pressure was applied to my own cock. Reza beat me to
the punch. I realized he was not going to let go so I stretched myself
as long as I could. I managed to get just the very tip of his cock in
my mouth.

I looked up at Ben with pleading eyes. He caught the hint and raised
Reza's butt just a few inches higher in the air making Reza's back
curl a little bit. With that the distance to Reza's cock was a little
bit smaller. Finally, I could give him a proper blowjob. Every so
often Ben's fuzzy tummy would make contact with my head. It was as if
he was patting me on the head for doing a good job.

The sight must have been pleasing Tam as well, because he started
rimming me. Between what he was doing with that wonderful tongue, his
fingers deeply probed my hole. I was yearning for something larger. I
must finally be getting broken in because it took almost no time for
me to take him all the way to the base of his cock. Both he and Ben
got into a rhythm both thrusting in at the same time. The impact of
our men's thrusts in our bottoms shoved Reza and my cocks down each
other's throats. I was not going to be able to last much longer. Reza
was the first his load blasted the back of my throat. His load tasted
sweet, it had an almost wild honey like quality.

Ben pulled out of Reza spraying his load across my face and down my
back. He wiped his cum dripping cock across my lips. I licked the
bitter seed from inside his foreskin. My whole body shuddered as I
shot into Reza's mouth. He knew what was going to happen next. My legs
were turning rubbery. Reza was barely able to get out from under me
when my legs collapsed.

Tamam, still fully implanted in my ass slowly rolled me on my back and
fucked me hard. I could barely breathe when he finally found his
release. His cock exploded in my bowels. Reza had found a towel and
gently wiped Ben's seed from my face and kissed my forehead. Then Ben
grabbed his hand and led him to his new bedroom. Tam cradled me in his
arms like a father holds his child until my strength returned. All the
while he was kissing me and praising my accomplishment.

He stood up still cradling me in his massive arms and carried me
through the master bedroom suite and into the bath. To my surprise he
already had a bath drawn. My sweet Arabian ninja is always a sneaky
step ahead of me, as it is meant to be. I rested in his arms as he
washed all of the deposits from my body. I loved being his. He cared
for even my most basic needs as if they were his own.

I turned my head towards his face and kissed his sweet lips. While the
spa tub was nice, it wasn't as roomy as the ones in his homes "This is
nice but, I miss your tubs." He wrapped his arms around me and held me
tight. When he released his hold I took the washcloth from his hand
and the soap from the tray. Then I turned towards him and straddled
his lap in the tub. I got a good lather on the washcloth. I loved the
confused look on his face as I began softly washing HIS body. "Please,
let me do this for you." His smile gave me such pleasure.

I could feel his manhood swelling under my bottom. As soon as I rinsed
the soapy lather from his upper body his arms disappeared under the
water. I felt his hands practically encircling my waist. "Is there
some other service I can provide for my Prince?" He smiled again as I
put my hands on his broad shoulders.

As I rose up off of his lap he guided his cock, resting it against my
still very eager butt hole. I slowly lowered my battered bottom onto
his massive pole. I could feel the veins of his cock pulsing filling
with more blood to stiffen his rod. I suddenly saw why Reza liked this
position. I was in full control of our pleasure. As I finished taking
him all the way inside of me a horrific thought flashed through my
mind. I leaned forward, kissed Tamam passionately and asked, "Tamam,
will you still want me when you make me all loose?"

"You will always be just right, my little one." I kissed him again and
got back to work. Rising and falling on his prick. It was as if I was
riding a mighty stallion. My cadence set the tone for the ride. I kept
my motions fluid and deliberate. While my actions were geared solely
towards his pleasure, I wanted him to know I would not give in to
reckless abandon.

Tamam started to raise his hips up and meet me on the downward stroke
I put my hands firmly on his shoulder saying, "Please let me do this
for you. I want to prove, both to you and to myself, that I can bring
you pleasure."

"Jono, you have nothing to prove to me."

"I would like to prove to myself that I can return the pleasure that
you have given me. Please let me do this." With that my stallion
settled down and I continued my slow trot. I tightened my bottom as if
I was trying to force the end of a bowel movement trying anything to
get more tension on his rod. More than anything I wanted my man to
cum, and I wanted to be the one who caused him to cum.

My breathing became somewhat erratic and Tam began to sweat. I could
feel his cock twitching in my ass and I knew he was close. Suddenly I
felt the spray from the end of his rod. He forced my hips down with
his hands and massive arms holding me still. Even though I had all the
leverage I could not fight his upper body strength. I collapsed
against his chest throwing my arms around his neck kissing his neck,
jaw, and lips.

"Look what you have done; now I must clean my little boy all over
again. You create so much extra work for me." He mockingly complained
in my ear.

I looked at him and said, "Perhaps we should shower I think we've made
the water a little funky." I pointed at the skin forming on the water.

He laughed as he started the water draining. I tried to stand three
times and could not. My legs would not work. It was frustrating beyond
words and terribly frightening. Tam smiled kissed my forehead and
picked me up out of the tub.

He carried me to the shower, sitting me on the shower bench. He told
me, "Sweet Jono, Allah has a ways to humble the proud. There are times
when we must stand alone, and there are times when you need someone to
stand with you. Trust me I am here for you."

He was just about to turn on the water when he noticed that my legs
were a different color from my body. They were a blue gray while the
rest of my body was almost pink. He looked at me and asked, "Jono, is
this normal?"

I smiled and asked, "Tamam, I am not mocking you but, how in the hell
would I know what's normal after sex? I have only been a fully sexual
creature for the last three days and four nights. What is normal?" I
remembered back to when I was in the hospital the doctors would
perform a test called capillary refill. I squeezed the nail bed of one
of my fingers. The test was good for normal refill. I then had Tam
perform the test on one of my toes and the color very slowly returned.
By the look on my face, he knew what I did, this was not normal.



He looked at me and told me to sit still and left the room. When he
returned he had Reza and Ben in tow. Reza performed the same tests and
received the same results. Both Tam and Ben began talking as if I was
not in the room about what should be done. My mood quickly turned from
fear to anger as I reached under Tam's towel grabbing his scrotum from
behind I firmly squeezed until I got his attention.

"I never thought I would have to add a 6th personal rule to life but
here it is. Rule 6: When it involves my body, I get input on the
subject. Do you understand?" He nodded in the affirmative "Good!"

I looked at Ben who swiftly covered up his family jewels, "Do you know
a member of the medical staff who can be consulted without a record?"
He nodded in the affirmative "Good, please go call them."

"Reza please lay out a pair of my white jockey underwear and my
burgundy pajamas. Then work with Ben to remove the signs of what
occurred in the lounge." The two left the room on their tasks.

I motioned for a very irritated Tamam to come closer; his hands were
covering his balls as he dropped to a knee. I kissed his forehead and
lips. "I am so sorry my beloved but, I had to get your attention. I am
very frightened. Aside from my time with you and the guys, today has
been awful. I thought it was bad enough, when I found out somebody
wanted me dead. Now my body is betraying me. If necessary I will use
the hand held shower to get myself clean before the doctor arrives. I
would very much like to be in your arms before he gets here."

"You are right Jono, you have had to deal with a great deal of shit
today, and I was behaving poorly." He grabbed the back of my head and
kissed me passionately. Then he stood before me. "I ask only one thing
Jono. I know that I was in error but please, never use that particular
unpleasant method of getting my attention again."

I grabbed hold of his hips and pulled him towards me and kissed both
of his testicles better. I extended my arms up and he helped me to my
feet. My legs were not as rubbery so I figured this was a transitory
condition. He turned on the water and adjusted it so that it wasn't
too hot or too cold. Then he began again in earnest cleaning my body.

When we were finished I walked on shaky legs with Tam one step behind
me to the bedroom. I sat down and pulled on my tighty whities Tam had
a confused look on his face as I slid them on. "If it's an American
doctor I doubt he would understand me wearing the silky drawers that
you got for me. Simply put I don't know how trustworthy this guy is
going to be. So please if he's American follow my lead."

Tam shook his head and helped me put on the burgundy pajamas and
slippers that Reza left out for me. We joined them in the lounge.
Nessa was also there in her preferred sleepwear loose sweats. Reza had
on a loose long blue linen nightshirt, and Ben put on workout clothes.
"I am so sorry all of you got disturbed tonight."

Nessa came to me and threw her arms around me, "Baby Bear, what kind
of a friend would I be if I wasn't here when you needed me. Ben called
over and said he needed help cleaning up. By the way, which one of you
horn dawgs sprayed their jizz all over the sofa in the first place? In
the future, for the love of Gawd throw down a fucking sheet or
blanket!" Both Reza and Ben shot panicked looks in my direction.

"She knows about Tam and I. I will remember the trick about the
blanket or sheet in the future." I tried to deflect any attention from
them. I failed she saw the looks.

"Oh Baby Bear, you are going to keep the handle 'Slut Puppy' for quite
some time to come. All three of them at once, it is no wonder you
can't walk. When the innocent ones go bad, they really go all out."
She walked over to Tamam and grabbed his arm. "Hurt my baby brother, I
will hunt you down, Sir. I have dropped a buck at a quarter mile."

Tam shot me a panicked look. I smiled and nodded. She turned towards
Captain Nelson "Sir, just please tell me you have a straight brother
at home you can introduce me to." He laughed the Nessa focused on me
again. "Okay Jono, what is going on?"

"My legs went out on me it's kind of like what happened when I moved
that safe in the Major's office by myself. They just got kind of
rubbery and then just stopped working."

Ben asked, "This has happened before?"

I replied, "Not quite like this and never this bad." I was saved by
the ringing of the STU. I answered, agent Ramirez was on the other
end!

"Airman Banks, are you okay?"

"I had a slip and fall. Captain Nelson wants one of the base docs to
look at me. It was easier at this late hour to bring the doctor here
then to arrange a motor pool and escorts to get me to the doctor. We
didn't mean to panic you. If there is any way to keep this quiet, I
would appreciate the courtesy. When he arrives could you have him sent
straight up?

"Not a problem Airman, Captain Nelson should have known better. But he
was probably right. I will let the Saudi guards know there is a
pre-screened guest on his way up. By the way Banks, it looks like you
were right on the man in the video. The sixth suit was definitely not
part of our detachment. He also had no contact with any of the other
guests, and was not a guest himself. I did a screen capture and we are
sending the image over to Langley for review. Have you ever given any
thought into becoming an operative?" I told him I hadn't but I would
keep it in mind for the future.

I brought the team up to speed on our conversation. Was the sixth man
there just as a coincidence, or was someone really out to get me? It
was starting to look more like the latter. Nessa kissed my forehead
and returned to her suite. My legs were still tingling when there was
a knock on the door. Captain Nelson went and let the doctor in they
exchanged pleasantries in the rotunda.

The doctor had my medical records in his hand and advised that he had
stopped by the clinic to review them before coming out. "I have to
admit Airman Banks; you are one patient I really wanted to see. I
didn't want to meet you like this though. Your patient history made
for a long good read. Simply from a case study perspective, when it
comes to mass trauma they kind of wrote the book about you. What's
going on tonight?"

I must have had a concerned look on my face because Ben blurted out,
"Jono, it is okay to tell him everything. If it puts your mind at
ease, Trevor and I have slept together. Trevor we just slept with Jono
and that is where tonight's problems started."

I blushed beat red everywhere except my legs. Reza performed a proper
patient transfer with the Doc. Then he and Captain Nelson left the
room. "Jono is it?" I nodded "I am Dr. Trevor Connor and it is a
pleasure. I guess Trevor or Doc is okay as well. Captain Hassan, I
think our patient would prefer this examination be private."

"Please, the Hassan's are the closest thing I have to family." He then
performed the capillary refill test and agreed it looked like a
circulatory issue. Good news, heart sound is outstanding. BP is a bit
low, but that is understandable considering how far and fast you run.
Do you know how many Saudi pilots have been injured trying to keep up
with you?"

I smirked. "Tell me has this happened before?" I told him of what
sexual encounters triggered the issue, and moving the safe in Basdahl.
I also told him of the setbacks I had in physical therapy due to
chronic bowel obstructions. "Jono, I'd like to check out something. I
need you to drop your pants and underwear." I complied. He put on an
examination glove. "I need you to bend over the arm of the sofa here."
I blushed. "Jono, this is purely clinical. I have a theory; I just
need a bit of proof." I complied and he applied a bit of lube to his
finger and almost apologetically pushed it in my ass. As he got close
to my prostate he pushed hard, pressure increased. I started to feel
my pulse and then it was gone.

A few minutes later, the tingling in my legs became numbness.
"Captain, squeeze Jono's big toe and release it. Um hmmm. I thought
so. Jono, you can get dressed again." Tam steadied me as I pulled up
my bottoms. The doc removed the exam glove with a snap. "Jono, how big
was your partner?" I held my hand about a foot and a half over my
head.

The Doc laughed, "While that is interesting, it wasn't quite the
measurement I was needing. How long is your partner's penis?" I held
my hands about two feet apart. The shocked look on the doctor was
turned to a smile when Tam corrected my flattering estimate by drawing
my hands together to eleven inches. "Now how thick is he? I had my
fingers were about two inches apart." The shocked look returned as
Tam, confirmed my estimate. "You are a lucky boy."

"So Doc, am I broken?"

"No Jono, your body is small and your partner's penis is not. Hell's
bells son his cock is about one fifth your body length. I believe it
may be causing some of your intestines to shift, applying pressure
against either the common iliac or both of the internal iliac
arteries. I do want to schedule you for a vascular series. This will
allow me to eliminate other 'possible' issues."

I knew he was holding back as he continued, "For now I'll just use the
old standbys: Get some sleep, because sleep is recuperative. Get
plenty of fiber, because it will keep you moving. Drink plenty of
water, because you need it. Exercise regularly, because you want to
stay thin and cute as a bug."

He looked at Tamam and tossed him the large tube of KY from his bag
and pointing his finger at Tam. "You! Use more lube. He is a little
raw down there."

"Doc, will this happen every time I make love?" I asked.

"This is just a guess without more tests, but that is most likely
Jono. But the effects appear to be temporary in nature. He is large
enough that he is putting your lower body in a sleeper hold. Surely
this is happened before with other partners."

I shook my head no and told him that until four days ago I was a
virgin. The look on his face was amazing. He gave me a comforting hug
around my shoulders. "He was your first, no wonder you're so
frightened. For now I will write this up as an obstructed bowel due to
sports injury and stress, to justify the study. Stop by the clinic and
pick up an enema kit for cleansing."

I blushed as I told him I already had one. "I guess I'll just write up
I delivered one. Add a squirt of lube in the last bag; I think both
you and your partner will like the results. Stop by anytime you need
to chat, one bottom to another. I'll let you know when the study is
set for." He turned to Tam and asked to walk out with him.

Tam nodded in the affirmative. He held the back of my neck and told
me, "Go to bed. I will join you in a moment." I knew the doc was
holding back, and it had to be something bad. I had been here before.
But Tam gave me my task and I had to be obedient because he was always
right.

I turned down the bed cover and slid between the sheets. I waited for
twenty minutes still no Tamam. I decided to go looking for him. Why is
it you can never find your slippers in the dark after you climb into
bed? Screw it, I walked out barefoot. I emerged from the hall into the
lounge to see Tam through the windows pacing nervously on the terrace.
I could see the glow of a cigarette illuminating his face. He was
taking deep drags from it. He was worried.

I walked out to the terrace. "So what was the other shoe?" I saw from
the confused look he didn't understand. "Doctors are the worst card
players and Dr. Connor appears to be the worst of them all. Tam, I
have been dealing with doctors for most of my years. I know when they
are holding something unpleasant back. I also know this," I reached up
and removed the cigarette from his lips and crushed it out, "won't
help me or you."

I led him to a deck chair and curled up on his lap when he sat, laying
my head on his shoulder. "That is better, now what is the rest of the
story?"

"The doctor isn't sure Jono, but he said he wants to rule out the
possibility of an aneurysm or blood clot. He wants us to scale back
our 'activities' for a couple days as a precaution."

"Is that all? Heck, that tain't nuttin babe. I have had docs ruling
out one dire medical condition or another all my life. Tam, I am not
as weak as they think. Lemme guess, he told you 'if' a clot is there,
and 'if' the clot shifted it 'could' cause a stroke?"

He nodded. "Then he told you 'if' it was an aneurysm and 'if' it
ruptured it 'could' leave me paralyzed."

Again he nodded. "Shoot Tam that is just another day that ends in 'y'
for me. I know 'if' and 'could' are conditionals, one does not fear a
maybe. But Tam, if it is too much for you to deal with, I would
understand if you want to cut bait and run."

He had another confused look on his face. Between my drawl and use of
cultural idioms I must have lost him. "I love you so much, I love
being yours. That being said, you didn't bargain on all of this. I am
giving you a way out, if you want it."

He pulled my lips to his. "I have been out here imagining my life
without you in it. I cannot, you ARE my cooling moon rise. You have
become the very happy completion of my every thought. Without you
there is no point to continuing to breathe. Leave you? That will never
happen!"

I snuggled into him and fell fast asleep watching him, and watching the stars.

I felt as if I was falling. It was a warm summer's day. I knew it was
a dream but I didn't care. I was home floating down the Black Creek in
a canoe. Tam's arms were wrapped around me. I could see my family
floating just ahead of us disappearing around the bend. The sky and
water slowly dissolved and we were floating on the seasonal lake of
Hubail, Al Ahsa. I knew in my core I was safe and home.

-- continued


Izzy

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Sun, 20 Aug 2017 13:08:21 -0400
From: Izzy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 06 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 6 - Jono & The Gilded Cage

We finished our meal and walked out to the Range Rover. Reza climbed in the
back with me. When Tam put the key in the ignition there was an odd sound a
funny electronic warning tone. He swore colorfully as he picked up a
handset. He called the mobile operator to retrieve his message then dialed
the number. "Benjamin I have you on speaker what is so urgent? We are on
our way back to Riyadh."

"Tamam, assume we are being monitored. Is our buddy 'Taz' there with you?
Is he safe? Has he been injured?" Tam said I was okay. "Sorry Tamam, on
this one I cannot take your word, I need to hear his voice."

I leaned over the front seat and responded, "Yes sir, I am here. I am okay,
and uninjured, what's the problem?"

"Something's up with you, I don't know what yet. Your stuff has been
removed from your room at the hotel. What's going on?"

I was able to read the puzzlement on Tam and Reza's faces, "Nothing to my
knowledge. No one here requested it. I'm trying to keep a low profile. Has
anything else happened?"

"Yes, your presence has been requested by the host nation via the embassy
at several Embassy functions this week. I guess it's a good thing that you
had a gift waiting for you in your room. I hope you can be reunited with
it."

I let the gift comment pass. "Do you know which section of the host nation
government made the request?"

"I don't know exactly buddy. I do know that the request came via the State
Department on our end. That normally implies that the request came from the
civilian side of the government. All I can tell you for sure is this,
everyone in both the American and Saudi chains of command knows your names,
note the use of plurals, and both chains are very nervous. Before they
simply knew OF you, now they know YOU. Haul your ass back here. The sooner
you get here, the sooner we'll get answers."

"Message received, I'm sorry sir."

"Stuff happens Taz, we will figure it out. FYI, we have Echo Papa Six in
active ready mode." With that he hung up.

"Tam, I am going to say words I never thought I would ever put together in
a sentence. How fast can you drive?"

He began accelerating onto the highway, "Jono, what is Echo Papa Six?"

"Tam, if I ask you to take me to the airfield or the American Embassy would
you do it without question?"

"Yes, I would Jono. But, you have not answered my question."

"The leadership has been spooked by something. EP6 is an Emergency
Protocol, I cannot tell you more." I couldn't tell him the sixth covers the
removal of compromised high value assets. Once declared, an American
aircraft would remain on the ramp at the airfield and a helo at the embassy
both in hot standby. If they need to get me out of the country I would be
thrown into either. Once aboard the pilot will be under orders to take off,
with or without local approval.

"Sit back Jono, everything will be alright. Reza make sure he is buckled
in, and keep him occupied. We cannot stop for 'discomfort' breaks. If we
can keep the pace up we'll be back in Riyadh in an hour to an hour and a
half."

My mind was going so many dark places, some of them fatal. Did I insult the
wrong person during training? Did someone see Tam and I? Oh, God do they
know? Tam was driving like a man possessed. Seeing his reflection in the
mirror, I could tell he was worried.

My drama managed to destroy the effects of the morning massages. Reza was
holding me, "Jono, it will be okay. We will not let anything hurt you.
Tamam, have you called father?"

My SERE training finally kicked in. "No Tam, turn off the phone and pull
the fuse. If something IS wrong it can be tracked. Turn it back on when we
are in the city. It will be harder to get a triangulation fix on the analog
phone in the city."

"Jono is right Reza. If there is something wrong it will not help to worry
father. Jono, nothing is wrong some idiot likely thought you had skipped
out without paying the bill."

I could tell by the engine and transmission noise he had the gas pedal
floored. He was worried and trying to calm me. I could see all the flaws in
his logic. First if it had been a hotel error surely they would have said
something to my Captain. The second glaring error in his logic was that the
American forces were guests of the king. There was no way for me to skip
out without paying. Tamam knew that as well, that is how I knew he wanted
us calm.

My mind was racing as fast as the powerful engine, trying to figure out
what had gone wrong, sadly I was coming up blank. After a few short minutes
I recognized the futility of continuing to worry about what might be. One
of the first things they taught us at SERE school was sleep when you can,
there's no telling when you'll have another opportunity. If I couldn't
actually fall asleep, at least I could close my eyes and rest, if not for
my sake then for his. Tam wanted me calm, I could give him that. I snuggled
in Reza's arms and closed my eyes.

When I awoke we were on the outskirts of Riyadh. Tamam briefed me on his
contingency plan. Tamam would drop Reza and me off at the front entrance.
If anything went sideways we would leave through the arboretum's emergency
exit at the back of the hotel. Tamam would wait for us. If I was just moved
to a new room Reza or I would call Tamam's car phone and let him know I was
okay.

"Have you reactivated your car phone? If so please call the Captain let him
know we are in the city. It would be nice to know if anything has changed,
and if he needed me to go to the hotel or make the dash for the embassy or
air base." I slid up towards the front seat as he dialed.

Captain Nelson answered he and Tamam exchanged hurried pleasantries. I
asked if there was any new information and what our destination should be.
"Taz, it looks as if they just moved you to a new hotel room, a room with
diplomatic level security. Do YOU have a plan yet?"

"Yes sir, I will be entering the lobby with a trusted family member. It
would be good to have other Americans present in case I need a running
screen. These people should be able to take instruction on the fly."

"That is all taken care of buddy. Our colleague Oscar Goldman sent five of
his employees to help if needed. You are on point. I will meet you at the
door."

After hanging up Tam looked at me and said, "Jono, what the hell was that
about? I know every member of the American contingent and I do not know a
single one that has the name Oscar. I know it was code but what did he say?"

"He was letting me know it looks innocent, and to come to the hotel. He
also was warning me they do not have a contingency plan on the ground. As
to 'our colleague Oscar,' that is a reference to the Six Million Dollar Man
TV show Oscar Goldman ran the fictitious OSI. He wanted me to know he will
meet us in the lobby with five armed Air Force Office of Special
Investigation agents who will be following our lead. My bet is that the
agents will be scattered around the lobby and will be able to secure a
route for us if needed."

Five minutes later we were pulling up to the door, game time. Reza and I
exited the Range Rover and approached the lobby doors. I could see the
Captain inside. Tam, took off like a bat out of hell. I was nervous but
Reza looked worse. I turned putting my hand on his arm. "Take a deep
breath." I bluffed, "This is what I train for. You are just family making
sure I get home okay." He smiled and nodded.

We entered the lobby and were greeted by Captain Nelson. There were six men
standing in the lobby wearing really crappy suits. I assumed five of them
must have been the OSI agents. "Hey boss how was your weekend. I found out
I have relatives, lots and lots of relatives. This is my cousin Reza
Hassan. Perhaps you know his brother Tamam."

"We have met Jono, Good to see you again Reza. Wait, Captain Hassan is your
cousin?"

"Actually in a roundabout way he is. My father served with his father and
is considered a brother. Apparently the King thinks of him that way as
well." With that quick revelation I knew which of the six crappy suits
belong to the five OSI agents. I also knew that my boss was wearing a wire.

I continued with a fast briefing, "Boss they clearly do not teach OSI
agents how to play poker. If anything goes hinky, Reza and I will be making
a run through the Arboretum to the back door. Captain Hassan is currently
out back swapping the Range Rover for the Jaguar that one of his staff just
dropped off. He has flight line access to the air base and will take me
directly to the aircraft if necessary. Make sure the Air Force Security
knows not to shoot at the Jag. If you five understand that, please adjust
your tie, your handkerchief, or jacket." Oh goody I thought five positive
responses.

I smiled convincingly as I said, "Now, can I tell you how terrified I am
sir?" There was no time to reply. Hotel security and the night manager were
walking in our direction and I identified them as such.

"Mr. Al-Amin, we have just been informed of who you are, and how important
a guest you are. You have been moved into a more secure part of the hotel.
I am sorry but we were under orders to tell no one of your move. The King
himself has sent a security detail to protect your floor. I assume the men
in the 'suits' around the lobby are with you?"

I nodded and motioned for them to approach. "If you will kindly follow me,
we will take you to your suite. You should not stay long in the lobby." So
much for my low profile... But at least I knew what was going on.

"Captain Hassan will be arriving shortly with the rest of my things, please
see that he is brought up immediately." He responded yes sir. The manager
snapped his fingers and a member of the hotel security staff peeled off and
waited at the front counter. The rest of us entered the private elevator.
The manager gave me my key. "I was hoping to bring you up to speed on the
revelations of this weekend over breakfast Captain, I'm sorry. I didn't
expect anything to change, clearly I was wrong."

I turned my attention back to the manager and told him, "This is my
supervisor he is required to have access to me 24/7. I work for him, not
the other way around. This request will be followed, or I will end up sent
back to my unit in disgrace, or forced to live at the embassy for the
duration of this temporary duty assignment. Either way I will make my
displeasure known to the King."

The Captain whispered, "Jono, to think your unit did not believe you
understood command presence. I'm going to have to talk to your director of
operations. So I take it something dramatic has changed in your life."

"I guess you could say that. I knew my father was injured protecting his
unit. But I did not know until today that he was injured protecting the
life of his commanding officer. Add to that the commanding officer is now
King. I also did not know that entitled 'ME' to special treatment."

"Speaking of treatment Airman, I like the new brush cut, but what is that
stuff around your eyes?"

"It is called kohl; it is used to keep light from reflecting into your
eyes. I will try to get it all off tonight. However this brand is also
laced with henna. So while the black will come off, there will be a brown
stain around my eyelids for about a week or so."

"Yeah, I've seen the Saudi pilots use it. Need I remind you you're not in
the Saudi military Jono?

I replied with, "No sir. I know I'm not in the Saudi military..." I paused
for effect, "...YET." Reza and the manager laughed. Captain Nelson and the
OSI agents did not, though the Captain did smirk. The elevator door opened
to a marble floored entryway. There were two men armed with automatic
weapons on either side of the middle door. I take it this is my new room?

"Actually you may have your pick of any of the three suites of rooms. The
whole floor has been booked for you. In fact to solve the problem of access
we could move Captain Nelson and members of your detail into one of the
vacant suites, if it meets with your pleasure. First let me show you my
recommendation for you. I know how much you enjoy playing the piano."

I noticed the hotel security did not get off the elevator. Two of the OSI
agents remained in the outer hall with the Saudi military security. When
the door swung open I was expecting lavish grandeur. Nothing in my
imagination could prepare me for what I saw. The outer door of the suite
opened to a round entry hall, which had a magnificent grand piano smack dab
in the center of the rotunda. On the floor was a wonderful marble compass
roundel with a red tile on one point of the design I looked at the manager
and asked "Mecca" he nodded yes.

I addressed the boss, "Captain, will the Air Force have issue with me
moving into this place."

"As the liaison officer, I can guarantee you did not ask for the special
treatment and it is not being used to earn special favors from you.
Considering we are all guests of the king he can choose to bestow his gifts
as he wishes. But we will have to report it." The OSI agents began doing a
security assessment of the suites.

I saw the phone on the credenza and looked at Reza, "Please, call your
brother."

The manager continued on with the description of the suite of rooms. Five
bedrooms the two larger are on the left hall the three smaller to the
right, six baths, lounge, private gourmet kitchen, dining room, and a
private pool with an infinity edge on the balcony. It had a commanding view
of the city. I could see the Royal Palace.

The manager asked if I would like to see the master bedroom I nodded yes.
The master bedroom was huge. I was amazed at the opulence of the room. The
bed was topped with a custom cover made of Russian sable; it was to die for
soft. I ran my fingers across the fur and it just slid between them. There
was a suit tree standing in the corner with a mess dress uniform hanging
from it, with my rank on the sleeves. I could only assume this was the
surprise that Captain Nelson hinted at on the phone. I walked over and ran
my finger over the new combat crew plate over the breast. I looked at
Captain Nelson and said, "I see your handiwork."

"Tamam had the mess dress made by your tailor. I used my friends at the
embassy to get your awards and rank shipped in fast. He also had a new
service dress made for you."

I love the cut of the mess dress it's one of my favorite uniforms. There
was just no point in me putting the money out until I got a medal or
something to put on it. With just my jump wings and my combat crew plate it
looked kind of naked. The captain pointed at the suit tree behind my mess
dress uniform. What I thought was my freshly pressed service dress uniform,
turned out to be a brand new custom tailored service dress uniform.

I examined my new service dress I saw the ultra thin ribbon rack. "Sir,
those have to be custom-made, when did you two make these plans?"

"Day one Jono, he knew he wanted to do this after seeing you in the chow
hall handling the folks with the allergies."

When I opened the walk-in closet, it was fully loaded with the clothes that
we had selected on Thursday. Tam got me three complete wardrobes, one for
each residence. I couldn't help think how I'm going to hurt that man. I
whispered to Captain Nelson, "My room in Bremerhaven is an old broom
closet." We went through to the adjoining suites and the Captain made his
choice. I then asked if I may offer the other suite of rooms to my
supervisor Sergeant Gilmore.

"So long as the connecting doors stay shut I don't have a problem.
Considering she is your direct supervisor it makes sense."

Special Agent Ramirez approached, "I just had a chat with your security
detail on the hall. It seems you have a full security detachment currently
in the hotel. Anytime you go out in public there will be at least two
people shadowing you. They did ask that you let them know in advance so
they can secure your route."

"I am so sorry Captain Nelson. WE can't do business like this."

"Just roll with the situation for now. We can work out the details, Jono."

I thanked the OSI agents and told them they didn't need to stay. Agent
Ramirez gave me a business card in case of an emergency. I asked the
manager if the safe in my former room was emptied. It is in your closet
Sir, intact. The manager asked if the captain would accompany him down to
the front desk and he would issue the other keys. He then turned and
addressed me again, "Anything you desire please do not hesitate to call the
concierge. A full list of services that are available are in the folder on
the desk. If your desire is not listed we will try to accommodate you."
With that he and the Captain left.

I called down to Vanessa's room and quickly brought her up to speed. I told
her of the empty suite next door and asked if she would like it. "Are you
kidding, do you really have to ask?" I told her either I or the Captain
would drop off her key.

There was a knock on my door. I noticed a problem with the security setup.
I couldn't look through the peep hole, it was up too high. I pointed at it
and Reza and I began laughing. He looked through, "It is Tamam."

I opened the door, "Hello Captain, please come in." I turned and looked at
the security officers and told them, "This is Captain Tamam Hassan in
addition to being the Saudi project manager for the new radar systems, our
families have been friends for generations. I trust him with my life. He
has unfettered access to this suite. Please make sure your relief is
briefed. Thank you so very much."

He replied, "Thank you, Airman" and stepped in. As soon as the door closed
I collapsed in his arms completely drained. His hands could feel the knots
on my back. He chuckled as he said, "Well that was a complete waste of a
massage this morning." He swept me off my feet and carried me into the
living room. He sat on the sofa with me on his lap and kissed me deeply.

"It's not that I'm ungrateful of the King's generosity, but this is too
much. I'm used to living in a tiny shoe-box of a room. It is literally an
old broom closet. There are times that room felt too big for me. I could
sleep in one of the drawers in that kitchen, which is not much of an
exaggeration. Why does he think this is necessary? Then there is you Tamam,
three full freaking wardrobes. Do you realize I cannot fit all of the
clothes that you purchased for me in my dormitory room back home?"

"The King knows it is not. Think of it this way Jono, the King actually
owns this entire hotel and several others. How much of a gift is this
really to him? Add to that from his perspective he owes his very life to
your father, and when you his son was in need, the King was unable to step
in and repay that debt. As for my generosity I wanted to make sure you were
comfortable no matter where we were. I will always be ready for you now."

"Papa would not a thought of it as a debt, he would have thought of it as
his duty, nothing more. This is all too much. I know he believes he owes a
debt to dad's memory, but I have done nothing to be worthy of it. Yes, I am
an introvert. I like my privacy, but I'm going to lose my mind wandering
around in this place. How am I supposed to see you? With the security
details following me around, eventually they will put two and two together."

"I would love to have met your Papa. He taught you well about duty. That
being said Jono, now what do you think his expectation of you would be in
this situation? What do you think Aban would believe your duty is? In your
role as a military technician on loan to our nation that makes you a
target. As a guest of the King in our country that makes you a target. The
fact that our King prizes your family highly makes you an incredible
target, and one he feels obligated to protect. As far as not seeing me that
will never happen. Even if I have to step down from my post, and ask to be
part of your security detail, I will have my time with my beautiful boy."

There was a knock at the door. Reza started to get up and I said, "No, I
don't have staff and I damn sure don't want those guys to shoot my guests."
I opened the door; it was Captain Nelson and Sergeant Gilmore. The porters
were loading their baggage into their respective suites. The guard looked
at me gruffly, and told me I should look through the peephole to verify the
guests before opening the door. I looked at him pointed to my eye level
then pointed at the height difference to the peephole. My guests laughed.
The guard told me he would request a step stool to accommodate the security
issue.

Vanessa grabbed either side of my face, "Jono, I love what you did to your
eyes. Your hair is so cute Taz!"

I grumbled, "Enough mamma bear" and led them into the living room.

"I believe you both know Captain Hassan, this is his baby brother Dr. Reza
Hassan." Reza corrected me that he had not yet earned the title of doctor.
I smiled and gave Nessa the box with her crescent moon necklace and thanked
her for the loan of it. I pointed at Tam and said, "He has a gift for you."

Tamam then presented his box to Nessa. She was in tears when she opened it.
"Jono told me how your old locket was destroyed on a deployment and that
you couldn't find a replacement that could hold two photos. I hope this
fills that void. It is a small way of thanking you for looking after Jono,
and helping him prepare for this weekend."

"Thank you so much Captain Hassan." She threw her arms around me. "Taz,
what happened to your Dad's ring?" I grabbed the chain and pulled it up out
of my shirt. "I never thought you would ever take that ring off your
finger. That's a far better place for it right over your heart."

I reached into the small bag and pulled out my gift for Captain Nelson.
"You don't know it but you made something very special happen. Actually to
be more specific, you made something very special possible. This is my way
of saying thank you." He held up the chain and gave me a puzzled
expression. I told him it would be easier to hide his "Star" as I pointed
to the pendant with his lovers name on it.

Captain Nelson thanked me and added. "Jono, you do understand that the
connecting door rule was not to be taken seriously. That was to appease the
OSI agents, and in the appearance of propriety for the manager." I nodded
my head.

"On the upside, Now that I have my own private gym. Nessa and I can start
working out again. Of course that being said, I guess it is good that are
suites have adjoining doors. I can't imagine what the Saudi guards would
think about a woman entering my suite before work and leaving all sweaty.
Then again that might be good for my reputation." There was a group laugh.

Tamam said, "That actually might not be a bad idea. It would solve certain
'misconceptions' if you're game for it Vanessa." Momma Bear smirked
playfully and agreed.

"Captain Nelson, how much trouble am I in with our Embassy? I can't imagine
that the Ambassador and his staff had an easy day."

"Shit, I forgot to call them." Captain Nelson got up. It was so hard to
behave myself. What I wanted to do was cuddle with Tam and his brother. As
the Captain rose he addressed me, "Sorry the last day of the weekend got
spoiled. I hate to pile onto it, but your presence has been requested
tomorrow at a reception at the American embassy. A driver will pick us up
at 1700. The ambassador wants to chat with you before the guests arrive.
Take the day off, make sure your uniform is ready to go, and your shoes
have a good shine."

I told him my evaluation was going to happen Thursday and I felt the need
to prepare. "Jono, I got word Dhahran will take primary CRC duties
tomorrow. Stan eval has already requested the ops center for evaluations in
the weapons cell. They're also going to push through your trainees this
week. I know you have the skills and the knowledge down pat. If you do not
ace the eval Thursday, I will be amazed. For the record not much amazes me.
Take the day as an apology for interrupting the last day of your weekend.
Nessa, you take the day as well. Jono will be requiring a military
appropriate escort to the reception." We both responded with yes sirs.

Nessa asked, "Jono, I suppose I should unpack and get myself settled. Will
you walk me out please?" I started walking to the adjoining door. "Main
door Jono. Appearances of propriety remember? You don't want the guards
thinking I spent the night in here do you? Much less reporting that back to
their superiors." I told her that I wasn't thinking. Clearly I wasn't. At
the door she said, "I sent you away with one beau and you came back with
two? A doctor no less, not bad. Reza looks at you like a hungry dawg looks
at a steak. Be careful my lil' Slut Puppy." Then she pecked my cheek before
we opened the door and I walked her to her room.

I nodded at the security detail as I re-entered my suite. They looked
surprised I even noticed them. This was going to be the difficult part,
learning not to thank those who were doing things for me. Here I am
repeating the same pattern over and over again, loss, recovery, learning a
new social order. It was becoming the story of my life. I should be used to
sudden reversals of fortune by now, but I am not, I doubt I ever will be.

Then as I cleared the rotunda, there he sat, my Tamam. My beautiful,
studly, beacon of normalcy in this new world of mine. I confidently strode
across the room and sat upon his lap, with the grace of a monarch taking
their throne. Then, and only then, did I finally relax. It was as if a
giant hole was opened up and all the stress and worry of the day poured
out. As I melted into his arms, I knew, here in his arms I was safe. He
would move heaven and earth to keep me from harm. I kissed and nuzzled the
shaved smooth skin between his jaw and neck. I whispered to him "Please,
take me to bed, or just take me right here."

He responded by kissing my forehead and telling me, "Patience, my greatest
jewel. Reza is securing the adjoining rooms to ensure we are not
disturbed." My lower lip jutted out and Tam sucked it into his mouth. I
loved this power he had over my body.

"Tamam, you know that I would do whatever you ask, and that I love your
whole family. That being said, I feel you want me to take your brother like
you take me. Am I wrong? If I am not, why do you want this?"

"I see the trust you have for me, and the affection that drives it. As to
it being 'my family,' my father has already told you it is your family as
well. The answer to your questions, you are not wrong. Reza is what
westerners call a bottom; it is a 'polite secret' here."

Tam saw the puzzled look on my face. "A polite secret is one that all
assume, but none acknowledge. I am not trying to push you away from me,
which will not happen. I know the size of your heart. I believe it has
enough room for the two of us. You made him smile. It has been a very long
time since someone did that. I originally hoped Benjamin would fall for
him, but the chemistry did not happen. When you return to Germany I know he
will keep you happy and safe. Benjamin says there's a fair possibility that
with your linguistic skills you could be attached to the military or
diplomatic office here in Saudi Arabia. You must be on your best behavior
tomorrow and anytime that you're at the embassy. I hope the Ambassador sees
your great worth." I blushed.

Reza had just entered the room when the phone rang. I couldn't help but
think, 'damn am I ever going to get laid today.' The manager on the other
end of the phone told me that an envoy was on his way up. I thanked him for
the warning. I hung up and informed the boys. While we waited I asked Reza
if his flight was in the morning. He replied he was actually flying out on
Friday. He just wanted to spend some time in Riyadh. "Tam, should I call
Captain Nelson and inform him of the envoy?"

"Absolutely not, Benjamin knows the fine line that you are walking. If the
envoy is a member of the Saudi royal family the Captain's presence would
offend him. It would be as if you needed an intermediary. This is not the
case."

"Will your presence offend?"

"No it will not. My father has accepted you into his family to have two of
his sons looking after you would be no surprise."

The door chime rang and I strode through the rotunda back to the big door.
There was Prince Aziz wearing his black thobe with golden trim, "I told you
we would see each other again." He fell upon me and kissed my cheeks. I
invited him in and we returned to the living room. He greeted Tam the same
way that he had greeted me. He then simply acknowledged the presence of
Reza. This irked me. I would have to ask Tam later if the special treatment
was due to Reza's polite secret. If so it did not seem so polite. "Jono, do
you like my father's gift?"

"It is greatly appreciated but overwhelming. To be honest I was more than
happy in my old room. I'm going to be very lonely up here."

"It was necessary to move you. The battle that our fathers fought in was a
bitter defeat for the Yemenis. There are many hard feelings. With the
increased tensions my father was tempted to ask your government to remove
you from the country for your own safety. I argued if we could not keep our
guests, and one of our own sons, safe within our own borders then we were
not worthy to survive. My father agreed."

"I understand the logic, to do any less would show weakness before the
enemy. Still I'm used to people looking over me..." I made in over my head
gesture and continued, "...not looking over me." I made a covering gesture
and he understood.

"We will TRY to keep the security presence discreet. Captain Hassan why are
you here?"

"My father was in the same battle has your father and Jono's father. He
accepts Jono as a member of our family. I am teaching him what that means,
and what it means to be Saudi. He is also a Banks, and our families have
been close for three generations. He is a highly valued member of my
training team, as such I am watching over him along with Captain Nelson."

"That is good. Jono, my father has asked for you to dine with our family
this evening. Will you attend? Of course the sons of Omar Hassan are also
welcome."

"I would be honored to attend." I thought to myself there went my plans for
the evening.

"Very good a car will collect you at six." We stood and walked to the
elevator, where he hugged me and kissed my cheeks again. "I am grateful our
families have reconnected."

"As am I, my Prince. It is good not to be alone in the world again, until
this evening then." When the doors closed my head dropped as I let out a
sigh. I remembered my two silent sentinels on either side of my door, and
swiftly recomposed my bearing. "Forgive me gentlemen it has been a long
day. A car will be coming to collect me at six please let me know when it
arrives."

I walked over to the Captain's Suite so I could bring him up to speed. He
rubbed my buzz cut and said "You're having a crappy day son. Hang in there
buddy. Let me know what the King's palace looks like. I will bring the
Ambassador up to speed. I know this isn't your cup of tea, but try to have
a good time."

I responded, "Yes sir" and returned to my suite. I made the long trek from
the door across the rotunda and into the living room and collapsed without
much grace into Tamam's powerful arms. "Can you be taking me already before
anything else goes wrong?"

"It pains me to say, no. We have much to do. I have less than three hours
to prepare you to meet the King. Reza take him into the shower get him
clean, the eyes too. You wearing kohl might be offensive to the king." My
pouty lip was deployed. I realized makeup had to come off that night anyway
but I did kind of like the way it looked. "Jono, you know better."

"Yes Tamam." then I pecked his cheek and took Reza's hand and led him to
the master bedroom. When we entered he spun quickly and locked onto my lips
with his. I explored their softness with my tongue. He enveloped me in his
arms. We were fumbling with each other's shirt buttons, both refusing to
release our respective lip locks, when Tamam entered the room.

"Okay, I can see the two of you children are determined to play, and my
sweet Jono has behaved so well today that he has earned a reward. I must go
to the apartment to get clean clothes for tonight." He stepped in and
kissed me deeply then he walked to the dresser and set the alarm. "When
this goes off playtime is over and the two of you need to get in the shower
and get clean. Reza, he will wear the camel hair suit and black dress
shirt."

"Tamam, can I wear my Wellington Boots, please? They make me about two
inches taller it's not much but it helps."

"Oh, how I do spoil you so. The boots are acceptable." He swatted my bottom
then left us to play. We launched our mouths at each other. By the time we
heard the front door close both of our shirts were on the floor and Reza's
pants were halfway down. I blushed to discover he had gone commando all
day. Gawd, there was not one ounce of fat on him. My hands began kneading
his rock solid ass cheeks and exploring his mouth with my tongue. At long
last he released the top button on my pants and they swiftly fell to the
floor. Oh the joys of being skinny.

New territory, I didn't know what I was supposed to do... sensing my
confusion Reza smiled, "Jono you've never topped for anyone else, and I
really am your first?" I could only blush and nod, as he slid his hand
inside my underwear. He was softly sliding his skilled fingers up and down
my 'lil guy.' "Good, no bad habits to break."

As he sank to his knees he gently pulled my silky jockeys down, freeing my
cock from its prison. He used the tip of his tongue to bathe my balls and
aching cock. I felt shame that I had so little to give him but I did so
want to make him happy. His lips were warm on my cock as he drew it in. He
was gently kneading my testicles when he stopped and let my cock slide from
his mouth. "Jono, why aren't you touching me?"

"Reza, please forgive me, it feels really good. But, I don't know what I am
supposed to be doing."

"What does Tamam do when you are sucking him?"

"Reza, I cannot do what he does. He lets me climb on top and suck him
upside-down. While he plays with me. It is the only way I can get him all
the way in my mouth."

"You said two things that surprised me. First, YOU can deep throat MY
brother? Second, Tamam will actually 69 you?"

"It's not easy but I can take him with a lot of effort. What's a 69? He
lets me suck him while he plays with my bottom."

Reza stood and pulled the fur cover off the bed, then pulled me on top of
him. "I keep forgetting I am the one with the experience. When you have a
guy on his knees worshiping your cock, let him know you are enjoying it. It
is absolutely okay to hold the back of his head, grind against his mouth a
bit. Some guys (on occasion me) even like getting skull fucked. Don't be
afraid to get vocal. Let your partner know what feels good or does not. Let
them know you are there, not just a mannequin with a strap on dildo."

"Now what Tam was doing was not a 69 exactly. Between a guy and a girl a 69
is when she sucks his cock, he eats her pussy." He saw a flash of
confusion. "It's kind of like French kissing her cunt. From Tam's
perspective that is what he was doing. Now a proper 69 between guys is when
both parties pleasure each other's cock. I can tell you now Tamam will
never 69 with you like that. I on the other-hand like it, I like it a lot."
I reached down and put our cocks together and slowly stroked them.

"I wish I was bigger for you." He pushed me off of him, pinning me to the
mattress beneath him.

"Never say that again Jono. You are perfect just the way you are. I have
had bigger, I have also had smaller." I couldn't imagine anyone having
smaller than I. "If it sticks out from you and cums inside me, I am happy.
Besides it is proportional for your body." Then he rested his hand in the
middle of my chest and said, "This is what I want. Not just a bit of
anatomy. I want to share a piece of your heart, even if I must share it
with my big brother."

He rose up off my lap grabbing my cock in his left hand and slowly lowered
himself until his ass made contact with my cock. I was trying to figure out
how he was going to take me without lube and then I remembered he and Tamam
were much bigger than I. It was a good bet that his previous lover was
bigger than I as well. As he slowly slid down my shaft I was overcome by
the feeling of warmth the further I penetrated into him. It felt so good I
actually moaned out loud. He smiled broadly, that was the feedback he was
wanting. I slowly begin to raise my hips up into him as he was on his
downward stroke eventually we began falling into an erotic rhythm.

The sound of wet slapping flesh filled the room as my hips rose up and
smacked his bottom. It was about 20 minutes later that he looked down at
me. Sweat was pouring from the two of us our breathing was ragged.
Suddenly, as his cum exploded across my stomach and chest. He asked when I
was going to cum. I had to explain to him that I'd had several dry orgasms.
I know physiologically I was on par with a stallion, but without cum of my
own, I felt like a gelding. He leaned over and kissed my lips, his ass
never broke its hold on my cock.

As my cock softened and slid from his ass the alarm on the mantle went off.
"Jono, a promise is a promise. Tamam told us we must prepare. Tonight you
meet the king. While you bathe, I have to run down to the Rover for my
bags."

I walked naked into the bathroom and suddenly panic's icy grip grabbed hold
of my heart. A thought screamed in my head what happened to the items Nessa
procured for me. What would they think if the people who packed up my room
found my enema bag? I called over to Nessa's suite and had her meet me at
the adjoining door. I threw on a robe and went to the door.

She laughed as I shook while posing my question to her. "Jono, I had you
covered sweetie." She gave me a locking case and key. "I figured the panic
in your voice was about this. Your special toiletries are in here. I
figured you wouldn't want the maids to discover them while you were out.
You can borrow the case. I recommend when you leave country, toss the enema
bag, and replace it when you get to Germany, in case customs examines your
bags."

I thanked her for having my back, and told her that tonight I would meet
the King. The look of shock on her face was priceless. "I do believe this
is the first time I have ever seen you surprised boss." We hugged as I
promised to tell her everything in the morning.

I walked back to the bathroom. Using the key I opened my toiletry case. I
quickly cleaned myself out so I would be ready for Tam later. I showered
cleaning every nook and cranny. I was even able to remove the kohl from
around my eyes, but there was a tell-tale brown henna stain in its wake. I
was having fun playing with the multiple jets on the shower it didn't quite
have as many features as Tam's but it was pleasant none the less.

I had just switched to the rain head when the door to the shower opened and
Reza stepped in. "You looked so beautiful while you cleaned yourself. I
can't help myself; your cute body deserves to be worshiped." With that he
dropped to his knees. As the water cascaded down both of us, his lips
wrapped around my stiffening cock, as his left hand slipped around and
played with my asshole, I saw the latex dildo in his right hand. He must
have seen the look of confusion on my face, "I brought your toy chest up
from the back of the Rover." He slowly pushed the lubed toy against my pink
rosebud. "Jono, you gave me the best orgasm I have had in years. I want to
do the same for you. Maybe if I suck you while I play with your bottom."

"Do we have time for this? Tamam was very insistent." Reza answered by
gentle but firm pressure on the toy as its knob popped inside my ring. I
pushed back onto the toy. Reza's lips sank down upon my cock. I moaned out
loud and ran my fingers through his thick hair grabbing hold of his head
taking control of his motions. The whole time he was feeding the toy into
my ass. In no time the entire toy's base was resting against the rim of my
bottom.

I was softly fucking Reza's mouth and he was moaning while varying the
pressure of his suction. His eyes rolled up making contact with my own. As
I felt his finger and thumb move I heard a click. The toy lodged in my
bowels sprung to life slowly gyrating and vibrating. I gasped for air as my
hands made a death grip on his head. All of his effort earned him his
reward. I filled his mouth with the fluid his heart desired as I released
the second orgasm of my life. I had the same rubbery leg feeling. Reza
barely had time to pull the still active toy from my tender hole as my legs
gave out, and I collapsed on top of him on the shower floor.

Reza was holding me gently letting me regain my composure. He gently washed
away the juices as the water cascaded down upon our bodies. I asked, "Is it
normal for my legs to do this after having an orgasm?"

He kissed my forehead and replied, "It is the greatest compliment your body
can give me Jono."

The moment did not last long out of the corner of my eye I detected motion.
By the time my head turned to see who it was, the shower door was flung
open and a very angry Tamam was standing there. He cursed at Reza telling
him I should have been ready by now. Reza wrapped a towel around his waist
and quietly returned to the other room. Tam threw a towel at me and left
the bath. I dried myself and used a little of the cologne provided by the
spa.

I walked out into the master bedroom only to see a still very angry Tam. He
grabbed my wrist and pulled me across his lap, and then took his bare hand
to my bottom turning it bright crimson. "Little one you must listen to me
when I tell you to do something." He continued to spank me expecting me to
cry out. Only the soft tears rolling down my cheeks betrayed how much it
stung. I could not understand why he was so angry. The clock on the
nightstand said we still had almost an hour before we were to be picked up.
All that was left for me to do was to get dressed.

When his rage abated I slipped from his lap onto the floor. From my knees I
begged his forgiveness. He cupped my cheek and told me I would learn to
behave. As I stood and walked across the room to put the suit on that Reza
had laid out for me, Tam told me to go finish my shower first.

"Tamam, I had finished my shower when Reza wished to give me what he could
not give me in bed, an orgasm. I am sorry; I misunderstood what type of
relationship you wished for me to develop with your brother. It must be my
fault." The rage disappeared from his face and was replaced with a deep
look of shame. He turned and left the room. I was tempted not to wear any
underwear, my bottom was very sore. Propriety won out however, I figured it
probably wouldn't be a good idea to free ball in front of the monarch in
case 'nature' stirred.

I was gently sliding a pair of the sheer briefs over my battered butt when
Reza enter the room. He was wearing a traditional thobe. "Jono, that looks
like it hurts. I am so sorry; I should have waited until later. What did
you say to him? I have never seen him like this." He walked over to the toy
chest and returned the dildo from our previous session to its home inside
the box. He closed the lid, locked it and presented me with the key. This
will keep hotel staff away from your toys and help protect our little
secret. He reached down and tickled my scrotum; I rested my head on his
shoulder. He continued, "I am so sorry that my misbehavior got you injured.
I will behave in the future. Perhaps I should let you spank me."

"No doubt you would enjoy it too much." I reached up behind his neck and
pulled his lips to mine. I wanted to tell him he was not at fault and he
did nothing wrong. All I could do was kiss him. The way he kissed me back,
I knew no words were needed. "Now go back to the other room so I can finish
getting dressed before the big bully comes in here and tans my behind
again." He kissed me again and left the room. I finished getting dressed
and walked out to the living room. As I entered, Reza swiftly left the
room, apparently bully boy wanted to have more words alone with me.

Tamam was dressed in his dress uniform nervously pacing back and forth on
the terrace. His usual air of confidence had all but evaporated. I walked
onto the terrace behind him and wrapped my arms around him. As I rested my
cheek between the bottoms of his shoulder blades I implored him, "Please
forgive me I didn't mean to upset you." His head dropped as he shook off my
embrace. He slowly walked away from me to the chair next to the door and
sat down. I walked to him like a wounded puppy. I put my hand under his
beard to lift his face. "I am truly sorry my beloved. I will obey you."

"Jono, it was not you who did wrong, it was I." I wanted nothing more than
to curl up in his lap, but I was afraid of wrinkling his pretty uniform. He
reached out to pull me close. When his hand made contact with my bottom, I
could not help but to wince in pain. He quickly moved his hand to the small
of my back. "It is I who must apologize. I saw how Reza brought you such
pleasure and became jealous. Then I broke my word to never cause you pain."
He spread his legs and pulled me to his chest. "The thought of you staying
with Reza, while it is better than the alternatives, is still not what I
want. I am almost a decade older than you. Someday you will find someone
closer to your years and choose them."

I put my finger to his lips to tell him to hush. "I have fallen in love
with 'you,' ya big goof. Not your age, not your status, and not your money.
When Daliyah looks at your father do you not still see the love in their
eyes? Almost three times as many years separate them. Should it be
different for you and me? If you tell me to touch no one but you, I will
obey. My only desire is to make you happy." I chose that time to shut up
and just listen to the beating of his heart.

He pulled my head up to bring my lips to his. "Jono, does my brother bring
you pleasure?"

I shook my head yes. "You both want different things from me. He taught me
a few things I can't wait to try, to bring pleasure to you. The only reason
I am not ripping your clothes off right now is that I do not want to
piss-off the King by standing him up for dinner. Now, stand up so we can
smooth a few of the wrinkles out of your uniform. So how does a
foreign-born commoner address the Saudi King? I suppose I should learn how
to address a noble, seeing as how you can't swing a dead cat in this
country without hitting a prince."

"Drop your head slightly and simply address him as 'Excellency' or 'Your
Excellency.' As to your colorful description about swinging a deceased
feline, you cannot swing one in this suite without hitting two princes."

I swear I heard the sound of someone being slapped. Given the secluded
nature of the balcony I knew that was unlikely. Shame filled my eyes as I
looked at my beautiful prince, "I am so sorry Tamam, I did not know. Naser
never told me that you were royalty. Please forgive me if I ever offended
you."

"Sweet child, it is not the first time I heard that particular colorful,
though not flattering, description used. The Saudi royal family is indeed
highly prolific."

My time of embarrassment was thankfully cut short by the phone ringing. I
walked back into the suite and answered it. Security had informed me the
King's limousine was five minutes out. Tam, Reza, and I smoothed our
clothing out one last time as we stepped out onto the elevator landing. My
security detail grew from two to four men, who snapped to attention when I
opened the door. I shot Tamam a look, stepping aside for him to exit first.
"Jono, these men are honoring you. They are from the 30th Infantry Brigade.
It appears your father's old unit has picked up your protection detail."

I thanked the Sergeant and his men for their service to me. He and his
partner performed a smart about face and marched to the elevator. We rode
down to the lobby in silence. When the doors opened two more uniformed
guards met us. They led us across the lobby with the sergeant and his
partner taking up the rear. Hotel security cleared our path and opened the
lobby doors. Two more uniforms opened the limo doors, we were swept in and
had barely sat when the doors closed and the vehicle sped off. It was odd
being the last one into the vehicle. It violated my military training;
normally the highest rank enters last that was Tamam. I felt like I was
stealing from him. He treated it as normal. The limo and the chase
motorcycles raced into the evening rush.

-- continued

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Sun, 20 Aug 2017 12:04:47 -0400
From: Izzy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 05 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 5 - An Introduction To My Father

I awoke to Tamam lightly rubbing the skin between my eyes. I nuzzled deep
into the fabric of his shirt deeply inhaling his scent. "Jono, you must
wake now. We must dress you for dinner with the family."

I grumbled and whined, "Food is overrated, but family time is not." I
discovered my sweet Arabian ninja already had an outfit selected and
prepared for me, a jade color shirt that closely matched what he was
wearing, and black trousers. "Tam, you have ruined me." The comment
elicited a confused look from him. "I will never be able to buy off the
rack again." His smile lit up my world, as he tousled my hair and kissed my
forehead. We finished our preparations, and walked down the hallway to the
central core of the house.

When we entered the great room I was surprised to find two new people to
greet. But first Tamam addressed his father who greeted his son as if he
had not seen him in months, instead of just this afternoon. Then Omar
greeted me the same way. I was so happy he was slowing his speech so I
could keep up.

Tam, then took me to one of the new faces. They hugged and kissed on each
other. I could see the family resemblance on the older man wearing a
crisply pressed thobe. I was grinning like an idiot as Tamam introduced me
to his older brother Najibullah. I knew first impressions were critical. So
I decided to greet him in Arabic. "Good evening Najibullah peace be with
you."

He replied, "And upon you be peace Jono. Your accent is really very
charming. I see why Naser spoke so well of you, so very, very, very often.
Thank you for assisting us during our staff difficulties today. Our guests
were very impressed with your bearing and behavior. You were not the
American cowboy from the wild west they were expecting."

I wasn't sure how to accept that so I decided to accept it gracefully. "It
is how I choose to honor those who raised me; by following their
instruction. I will never shame my father, or his people."

With that I apparently had impressed him enough and he reached out and
kissed both of my cheeks. "My friends call me Najib."

I replied, "You are most definitely 'distinguished' Najib. Thank you for
your warm welcome." I couldn't help but make a play on his name.

Tamam then walked over to a smaller man who greeted him with great
enthusiasm. When I was introduced to his baby brother Reza he immediately
fell upon my neck like a dear friend. Reza was not like his brothers. He
was at least a foot smaller and nowhere near as built. It was as if his
body was built more for endurance than for strength. When we broke our hug
I asked if he was a runner. He nodded in the affirmative. Note to self, a
running partner, if my Tamam will allow it. He whispered a question in my
ear "Did you like the toy chest I picked out for you?"

I blushed bright red remembering the vibrating orbs, and whispered back,
"The string of balls was fun, thank you." Tamam glared at his little
brother. I guess he didn't like me whispering to him. "Ana asef Tamam." He
smiled and tousled my hair with his fingers.

Papa Omar said in honor of my last night at the ranch, we would have an
American style dinner of steak, potatoes, and fresh steamed asparagus.
"Your foster parents said asparagus was your favorite vegetable." Reza's
nose crinkled as if he smelled something truly foul. Later he would pull me
aside for a lesson on how cum gets its flavor. Apparently meat, heavy
proteins, and animal fats give cum a bitter taste, whereas starch gives it
a mild sweet flavor. Fruit gives it a very sweet flavor. He told me
asparagus on the other hand makes it taste really rank.

Reza intrigued me. Not only did he not look like his brothers, he did not
behave like them either. I learned that Tamam and Naser had the same mother
but Najib and Reza were from two of Omar's other wives. The whole
arrangement was confusing to me. But, as brothers they all loved each other
so who was I to judge.

At dinner Najib asked, "Jono, Naser told me that you play cello for
falcons, is this so?"

"Yes it is. When I was troubled, or working on a solution to a problem, it
was an escape. While Naser was with us, I was having difficulty continuing
college. The state had cancelled a promise of tuition assistance. The
medical bills of the foster siblings made it impossible for the Ghorbani's
to help. Add to that interns with the Symphony, like me, did not get paid.
I was more than a little blue; I needed a brief break from reality. I rode
my horse down to the dock with my cello on my back and played for a couple
hours as the eagles, hawks, and falcons fished in the Gulf. I did not know
that Naser had followed me and heard my entire set." I smiled at Naser.

Reza asked, "What does an intern do with the symphony?"

"He gets lunches for the performers and crew, runs errands for the
conductor, and hopes that someone gets sick so that he can play in a
performance." I joked. "Actually, I got a lot of stage time. The conductor
and the other performers liked me. Although they could not see past my
years, thinking I was lacking the maturity to truly understand the music.
Thus the reason I was an intern and not a full member of the symphony."
Reza replied how much it must have sucked. I could only agree and add how I
was still (in the eyes of the state) an under aged worker at the time.

After dinner we retired to the family room Papa Omar and I played a few
games of backgammon. While his sons chatted away, Omar beat me two out of
three games. I discovered Reza was a student home on vacation. I was
surprised that he was studying abroad. He was studying to be a physician at
the University of Bremen. He spoke of his house in Osterholz.

I was amazed that he knew about our unit's compound in Basdahl. He said he
had three rooms that were empty, and how the commute would only be 25
minutes from his home, as opposed to the one hour from our support base in
Bremerhaven. It was hard to tell if Tamam loved the idea or not. I told
Reza E-3s were not often given permission to live off base, and having a
car was mandatory to even apply for the option. I think Tamam smiled at my
evasion.

While playing chess with Najib I found out that he was a lawyer, with a
practice in Dhahran. His practice was centered on contract law, I feigned
interest. To tell the truth I disliked lawyers in general. He boasted about
a successful case he just argued in Bahrain. It centered on a French
company's breach of contract. He laughed about how he could have used
someone with my linguistic intrepidity during the research phase.

He looked at Tamam and asked if he may pick my brain while I am in country,
if the need should arise. I must have had an annoyed look on my face. Tamam
looked at me and gestured in the direction of his brother. I told Najib I
would be happy to unofficially help him. But if he needed more, regulations
require that I would have to clear it with both my wing and base
commanders. He acknowledged the limitation with a smile.

I then asked for some advice. "I am curious if my Saudi passport could be
renewed while I was in country, or if it was no longer valid with the death
of my father, and my uncle's adoption of me."

"Jono, have you ever formally renounced your Saudi citizenship?" I told him
I had not, and I added that the U.S. government did not recognize the Saudi
citizenship. The five men laughed and Najib replied, "Their opinion does
not matter in regards to our laws. Do you have the passport with you?" I
told him it was at the hotel in the room safe. The name on my passport was
Jono Bin-Aban Al-Amin. "I will inquire on this matter for you Jono. I am
curious, why is this important to you?"

"It was important to my Papa that his name continues. He was the last in
his line. He was gravely wounded protecting his commander back in 53. Momma
was on scholarship as a nursing student in Riyadh and was part of the
treatment team who cared for my Papa. They fell madly in love, the fact she
looked somewhat like Jayne Mansfield didn't hurt. Because I was their
second 'miracle baby' and was not supposed to survive made mom a bit
'clingy.' If they would travel overseas, I was dragged along. So long as I
was not in school at the time. They even went so far as to plan their trips
around my school calendar."

The odd look crept onto Omar's face as he cradled my cheek in his right
hand. He then turned and shuffled into his office. I guess it was late
because I yawned as I asked, "Did I say something wrong Tamam? Should I
apologize to Papa Omar?"

"No Jono, it has been a long day, and we face another busy day tomorrow."
His brothers took turns saying goodnight to the both of us. As we entered
Tamam's wing I could hear the other men chattering away.

I dressed quickly and climbed into bed with my naked giant. I cuddled next
to him and fell asleep quickly cradled in Tamam's mighty arms, having
pleasant dreams of the future. As I drifted off I could swear Tamam was
softly kissing my forehead.

Sunday morning I woke with the sun, just not with Papa Omar's son! I am a
very light sleeper, how did my Arab ninja sneak out of bed? I took care of
nature's call, and found the slippers Tamam picked up for me. Gawd my head
was throbbing. I woke with a massive eye-watering headache. I knew it was a
delayed withdrawal from Naser's sedative. Fuck the morning stretches, I am
sore.

I waddled out to Tam's living/dining room. No Tamam, FUCK! I waddled down
the hall checking doors. Still no Tam! Okay, out into the family area.
Entry hall, nope. As I approached the common room, FINALLY, I heard him,
talking to his brothers. When I rounded the corner I saw the coolest thing
ever. A family gathering around in the pit group sofa in their sleep
clothing just being comfortable. Just sitting there enjoying each other's
company. I actually froze in the doorway afraid to disturb the scene. It
was Papa Omar who saw me first. "Good morning little one." I failed to hide
my grimace as well as I had hoped. "What is wrong?"

"Caffeine withdrawal headache." Good save I thought. Reza presented me a
steaming cup of cardamom-infused coffee. "Bless you Reza."

He teased my hair. "Perhaps, Tamam could take you to town and fix this."

My eyes rolled, "Okay you three, enough, let's get the haircut. Sheesh!"

"Have my sons been too persistent?" I nodded yes. This earned Tamam a
playful smack in the back off the head from his father. Tamam attempted to
tame my bed head cowlicks.

"How long have you been up Tam? I am normally a very light sleeper, what
are you a ninja?" I teased.

"I thought I was very stealthy, but I have only been out here a few moments
longer than you. How would you like a trip to the spa this morning and
perhaps a bit of light shopping?"

"Yes please, I am sore everywhere." Tamam turned to Reza and asked if he
wished to tag along. He gave an enthusiastic yes. I got the feeling Tam and
Reza have a relationship bond like Mikaeel and I had. Looking at them both
pleased me, and broke my heart at the same time.

Tamam saw the look on my face and asked, "Why do you look so sad Jono?"

"I am sorry Tamam, looking at the two of you, I was missing my brother."
With that Tamam wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead.

Omar rubbed the back of my neck. "You remind us to treasure even the simple
times together. I am so glad our families have been reunited. Sit and
finish your coffee, my wives will have breakfast ready shortly."

One of my favorite things on earth is cardamom coffee. I used to sneak sips
from papa's cup as a little boy. On buying trips to Turkey, Syria, and
Jordan he would treat me to my own cup. Mom would grumble but pop would
tell her I was learning to be a man.

The brothers continued their chatting and Papa Omar would add his wisdom. A
few minutes later a handsome woman touched Omar's shoulder and whispered in
his ear. He smiled and brushed her cheek. "They are ready for us."

We were guided into the dining room, the main table was covered with plates
filled with flatbreads, balila, ful mudammas, zater, labneh, waffles,
pastries, and the ladies prepared Mishi waraq and kanafa as well. The
family was making me feel so welcome, and cared for. Reza leaned over and
told me his mother made the grape leaves and the fried phyllo dough. I had
forgotten how large the traditional Arabic breakfast was.

The Ghorbani's had become somewhat westernized. Partly due to the small
stipend that DCF allotted them for the care of the children in the group
home. We relied a lot on the free breakfasts and lunches from the school
district. They did provide for our needs. What we lacked in exposure to
their culture was made up by the sharing of their love for us.

Tam led me by the arm to the big table. I was given the chair to the right
of Omar with Tam to my right. Najib and Reza were next to their mothers
across the table and Naser was on our side of the table to Tam's right. I
looked down at the fried eggs on my plate and so they were prepared
over-hard, exactly as I would normally have them. I immediately looked at
Tam, "Did you call Afsoon again?" At which point he posed in a "who me"
style.

Reza's mother Daliyah turned to her husband and commented on how charming
my accent was. I was surprised she addressed him in Shabaki (a Kurdish
dialect). In her dialect, I asked Omar for permission to talk to his wife.
A look of shock spread on both Reza and Daliyah's faces. I excitedly
explained it had been years since I had the opportunity to use it. He
smiled and gave permission.

I asked, "How long has it been since you lived in Mosul?" I knew she must
have left when she was young but the accent was there. She confirmed my
theory and said her family had left Iraq for business opportunities in
Saudi Arabia when she was 8. Where she was educated and later promised to
Omar. She in turn asked how I learned Shabaki.

"My Papa was planning a furniture buying trip to Batman, Turkey. He was
asked by the Imam of his mosque to help lay the groundwork for the building
of a school and clinic in the village of �ukurca. It was during summer
vacation and he asked mother to bring me along. My parents were eager to
reward me because I had skipped a grade in school. The fact was they wanted
to slow me down a bit. They were afraid I was missing out on my childhood
and thought that a grand adventure might just be enough of a diversion.

Papa loved watching me learn new languages. When we arrived in the city we
found a small group of refugees from North of Mosul. Within a couple days I
was asking simple questions of the children. By the end of the first week I
was asking the adults questions. Most thought it was 'charming,' others not
so much. There were a few times I spoke too much and was directed by Papa
to shut up." She smiled and Tamam rubbed my shoulder. Tam put some basturma
sausage on my plate as a subtle hint that I should eat as I talked.

Daliyah told me how her younger cousins still attend that school. She also
told me how the locals continued to praise the Saudi hero and his American
boy. I simply nodded and smiled. I told her I had very little to do with
the actual project I was there solely as my father's son. She told me that
was not the way she was told the story ended, and how my involvement in
winning over the local officials was more important than I had thought.

I smiled and looked at Tam, "Remember, Nessa told you I was good at
translating humor. Although Papa had a huge heart, he didn't have that
gift. His attempts at humor were often perceived as threats." Papa Omar
broke out in laughter. It made my heart happy to know I was with someone
who knew the people I loved, and to know that I was not alone anymore.

After the meal was done Tam and I returned to his wing before we went to
town. We showered and met Reza in the great hall Papa Omar, Najib, and
Naser were there as well. Farewells were extended I realized we would be
going back to Riyadh straight from the spa. As we walked to the garage I
was feeling melancholy. Tamam hugged me saying we would be back next week.
He helped me climb into the back of the Land Rover, it was loaded.
Something was wrong. The luggage was different. The Hassan telepathy kicked
in again. Tam spoke, "Jono, we are giving Reza a ride to Riyadh. His break
from school is almost over. He is returning to Bremen for winter classes."

Reza extended a few colorful words. I blushed and smiled as Tam semi
playfully slugged his baby brother. I remembered how my own brother belted
me when I repeated a profanity that he had just shouted. "Tamam, just where
did Reza learn such language? It sounds like something a baby brother would
learn from a big brother." Reza winked as he shot me an ear to ear grin. I
returned his smile and said, "We baby brothers have to stick together."

Truth be told, I was a little jealous. He was in my seat. I should be next
to MY Tamam. I know that was stupid. Tamam was his brother all his life. I
have only been his lover for three days. A feeling of shame crept over me,
along with a wave of nausea. Again Tam's telepathy kicked in again, "Jono,
are you lonely sitting back there?"

"Just a bit, just being dumb I guess. Papa used to make me ride in the back
when we traveled. I know there is a good reason." Suddenly the wave of
nausea became a full-on tsunami. "I am sorry Tam, could you please pull
over for a moment." No sooner had the car reach the side of the road and
stopped, I threw open the door and said goodbye to my morning breakfast.
Note to self I really do have to chew more.

I closed the door and began making apologies for my weakness. "There is no
need to apologize. Perhaps I will let Reza ride back there with you to
Riyadh. That way the two of you can get to know one another better." With
that my nose dug into a trashy pulp novel and I let the boys talk. Funny
thing about bodice rippers, it was fun to imagine myself in both the male
and female character roles. Not that I was interested in cross-dressing.
The thought of having a powerful male interested in me. To have him pursue
me, succumbing to the heat of his seduction and passionate advances... Wait
a tick, it happened. I always dismissed this stuff as a cheap fantasy, now
I am both living and loving it.

We pulled into the spa and the staff rushed out opening the vehicle doors.
I fell in alongside Tamam and avoided eye contact with the staff. Tam
firmly placed his hand on the small of my back, both guiding my path and
his action also told everyone else hands off. I wasn't fond of being
treated like property, but I did love both his touch and attentions.

Reza was chattering away. We were escorted into a comfortable reception
area and offered a seat. Shortly after an older tall handsome man entered
the room. As he passed, I shuddered when he turned his head away and saw an
old jagged scar on his right cheek. I wondered how he received such a mark.

He sat down behind his desk and started asking Tamam and Reza what they
wished. I was starting to become used to being ignored, it still pissed me
off. Then he screwed up, he asked, "What treatment shall we provide your
charming plaything."

The Hassan telepathy kicked in again. Tamam could see the rage building in
my eyes. "Forgive me Amman; this is the son of a dear family friend. This
is Jono bin Aban Al-Amin." The confused look on his face was priceless.

"Please forgive my assumption. If I may ask, would your father be from
Al-Hareeq?" I nodded yes. "Then my shame is doubled." He stood and walked
over to the far wall of his office and removed a photograph from the wall.
Walking back he presented the photo to me. "I had the honor of serving with
your father."

My eyes watered as he pointed to Papa in his prime, wearing the rank of
Naqib (captain) on his uniform. "He is a great man, so many of us owe our
lives to him, none more than our commander." I could see Amman in the next
row behind Papa. He too was young and the scar now on his face was not
there. What floored me was who was in the row in front of him.



My finger slid down to a very familiar face Papa Omar. "Yes, we all served
together. Tamam does our commander look familiar to you?" Tam let out a low
profanity. Even I could identify a much younger image of the current King.

"I was the medic who first treated your father, just after he was wounded
saving our dear commander, now king's life. I didn't think Aban would
survive the day." He touched his scar and added, "I was not sure any of us
would." The mood was short lived. Amman asked, "How does life find your
father these days?"

A single tear rolled down my cheek as I told him of the crash. My voice
cracked and I was unable to continue. Tam stepped in and finished my story.
As my finger rested on Papa, I thanked Amman saying I had never seen photos
of him this young.

Amman wiped the tear from my cheek saying, "He was very proud of you." It
was a great mystery to me when I lost contact. There is no shame in tears
shed for a lost loved one, or brother. Every man in our division was a
beneficiary of his devotion to duty and his selfless courage. We all called
him our brother. I guess in a way that means you have a great number of
Uncle's or Papa's looking over you now."

"Thank you Sir." Suddenly Papa Omar's affection towards me made perfect
sense. I wasn't just the son of a dear friend and business associate, I WAS
his family.

"Jono, please call me Amman." He returned to his seat. "So, the three of
you will have a good steam bath, followed by a wrap and massage. You young
man, are in need of a haircut. Those eyes are so light they need
protection... ...perhaps some kohl, or henna for them. It will help keep
the harsh sun from damaging your eyes, and set them like the precious
gemstones they are."

I looked towards Tamam who was nodding in the affirmative. I replied, "That
sounds great to me sir."

"One more thing, Tamam, young Jono, is MY guest today. I am so pleased to
see you again. You were so small when you accompanied Aban when his father
died. But I do remember you." With that we were taken to a changing room. I
was blushing as Reza saw me naked. I was feeling a bit of shame remembering
the error I made with Naser.

Reza was different; his body was softer than both off his brothers. He had
a few old scars on his stomach and back. They were circular in shape about
an inch in diameter. He was the first Arab man I had seen, who had no hair
other than what was on his head. It seems I was a curiosity to him as well.
He sensed my interest flashed me his toothy smile and told me he waxed
weekly to reduce friction in the pool. Then he asked if I waxed, shaved, or
had mine chemically removed.

I replied, "I am all natural still, Reza. I would love to have the hair
Tamam has on his scrotum or armpits on my chest."

Tam popped my ass with his towel. We wrapped our towels around our waists
and joined our escort in the hall. To me the sauna was heavenly. I loved
the dry Saudi heat, but the heat and moisture of this room was like August
on the Gulf. Tam took the top bench, I was in the middle and Reza was on
the first. We spread our towels on the benches and lay upon them. I saw
Tam's semi hard cock and asked, "Do you wish for me to help you with that?"

He replied, "Perhaps later sweet Jono. Today is all about your pleasure."
He pointed at my tiny erection and continued, "I think Reza would like to
help you with that." I turned my head to find Reza had already shifted
position. He was kneeling by my side and leaning in. His velvet soft lips
locked onto mine. His hand was softly stroking my tiny member. His lips
parted as if waiting for something. Suddenly I realized it was not like
kissing Tam. He was waiting for my tongue to explore his mouth.

I tentatively touched the inside of his lip with the tip of my tongue.
Electric bolts of excitement flew through my body. It was so different but
also nice. As our lips parted find a strand of saliva connected us as he
wiped it away. He looked at me admiring how surprised I appeared. He asked
me why I was so hesitant to use my tongue. He asked if I had ever been a
top before. My eyes dropped and the blush that filled my cheeks explained
everything. Tamam had told Reza that he had been my first lover ever. Reza
voice became sad as he told me how I could have done far worse than his
brother.

Reza pulled me into another passionate kiss. His hand never once came off
my penis. When our lips parted I apologized for having so little to offer
him. He laughed and told me if it came from me and reached him he was
happy. He softly kissed me on the neck and kissed his way down my chest and
stomach. After what seemed like forever, he arrived at my waist. He looked
up towards me and smiled, then opened his mouth and took me to the hilt.
Licking and nibbling on the tender skin.

After a few minutes he let go, and ran his finger around my glans. "So
Jono, did you present your ring to Allah. It is so rare for a Westerner to
be circumcised."

I apologized, "I do believe in God, I do not believe in any one religion."

Tam interrupted me, "Never say that out loud in public again. Your father
was Muslim so YOU are Muslim in the eyes of Saudi Arabia."

"I am sorry Tam, I didn't know." He nodded clearly I still had much to
learn. I returned to Reza's question. "In America, it is common to have
your child circumcised as an infant. They say it is for health reasons."

He smiled and returned to his efforts. The feeling of excitement shot
through my body again. Here I was lying next to the man I believed the sun
moon and stars revolved around. While his baby brother nursed on my cock. I
was moaning with pleasure as his hand rubbed the skin between my tiny
testicles and my ass. My eyes rolled in the direction of Tamam whose hand
was slowly stroking his own slab of meat. Oh how I wanted him. Clearly he
was enjoying the sight of his brother pleasuring me.

I started to reach for him and he shook his head no. Instead I took my hand
and rested it on the back of Reza's head. I was yearning for the touch of
my man. But for some reason he wanted his brother to pleasure me. Unlike
the incident with Naser, this oddly felt right. Reza released my cock and
began slowly climbing up my body to my mouth again our lips met in a fiery
passionate kiss.

My tongue explored more of his mouth. "Jono, you kiss very well, and you
taste sweet like I knew you would." I was having difficulty breathing. He
wasn't heavy but he was putting a lot of his weight on my chest. My head
was spinning as I started seeing stars. It was as if I was looking through
a narrowing tunnel as I felt the strength leave my body, then blackness.

Tam must have realized I was in trouble. I awoke when he angrily barked at
his brother "Reza, he cannot breathe! You are crushing the boy!" Reza
quickly rolled us to our sides. After a few deep breaths, the bluish tint
disappeared from my cheeks. Tam reached down with the hand he had just been
stroking himself with and coddled my cheek. The musky smell of his crotch
was still strong in his palm. I inhaled it deeply pulling my lower lip
between my teeth.

I had to do something to lighten the mood. I looked at Tam and sang out,
"He ain't heavy, he's your brother." I was pretty sure the Hollies would
forgive me for the rewrite. Reza got the joke and laughed; Tam got the
joke, but was in no mood to laugh about it. "I am all right Tam. Your
brother wasn't that heavy. If I was in trouble I would have gotten his
attention somehow." The painful truth was that Tam was right. I wasn't
breathing. He knew it and was quite angry.

"Jono, you were blue! I am not the medical student, he is! If I cannot
trust him when I am in arms reach, how can I trust him to take care of you
when you are both back in Germany?" He turned his attention back to his
brother. "You should have known he was in trouble." Reza was begging my
forgiveness as he buried his face in my chest. I wrapped my arms around
him.

"Tam stop!" I hissed. "My sex life is only three, THREE, days old! It's a
difficult place to be in to start with. The two of you have all the
experience. Need I remind you Tam, you injured me as well. We are all still
learning what my frame can and cannot do. The important thing is I am
okay." Suddenly a light bulb came on in my brain. Tam just said he wanted
to leave me and Reza's care in Germany. "Tam, I thought you didn't want me
to live in his house."

"It is better you live with him, then with strangers. I would rather you
top for him, than bottom for another. As to your first point, I am sorry
Reza, Jono is correct we are all still learning."

That light bulb in my brain suddenly got very bright. "Reza you want me as
a house guest? You can do far better."

"Jono, it is not often that Tamam asks me for a favor. Especially one as
pleasurable as caring for you. My last partner injured me, very badly.
After that, he left me for another. I know you would never hurt me. Even if
we become only friends, I would love to have you stay with me. I have three
cars, so your transportation to your site will not be an issue. I have no
problem signing one of them over to you for the duration of your stay in
Germany."

Tam looked at me and said, "The house was to be a surprise. I know my
brother would never force you to do anything you did not wish. He could
never harm you, and you would never harm him. I know your eventual return
to Germany was of concern to you. I want you to know I will not let mere
miles separate us for long. If we had to be separated by borders at least
he could protect you, until you could return to me."

Our conversation was cut short by a knock on the door. It was time for the
next phase of our treatments. We entered another room which smelled really
foul. The smell of sulfur filled the air. Ah, it was time for the body
wraps.

Seaweed and some stinky mud were slathered on Reza and I. Tamam opted out
of this level of the treatment he instead chose to sit in a side chair
making jokes. I kept thinking to myself I have 6 months to make him pay for
his mirth at our plight. After 30 minutes cocooned in the mud plaster the
attendants returned and hosed and sponged us off. We were led into the next
chamber which had large tubs of scented water to remove or cover the sulfur
smell from the previous treatment. Mine smelled of sandalwood. I was
tempted to join Reza in his bath, it smelled of jasmine. However, I thought
it was better to behave.

Every so often Tamam would reach over and tap on my hand from his tub.
Could he really read my mind I wondered? Between the heat of the bath and
the bubbles caressing my skin I started nodding off. Each time I would
start to doze off Tam would softly touch the back of my hand to bring me
back. I knew if he was around nothing would ever harm me again.

I was just starting to really enjoy the tub when the staff entered the
room. Reza was whisked away for his next treatment. The staff looked at
Tamam then pointed in my direction and asked, "mazil alshshaer?" Tamam
began laughing so hard mini tsunami waves of water flew over the sides of
the tub. He shook his head no. I looked at him with a puzzled expression.
He smiled and told me, "They asked if I wished a depilatory waxing for my
boy."

"Thank you Tamam, I want to keep the small amount of body hair I have." As
my waxing boys opened the door to leave we heard Reza let out a loud
shriek. It was at that time I realized how truly grateful I was that I did
not become a swimmer.

We were again joined by staff from the spa. Again they asked Tamam all the
questions. They were talking about MY hair as if I was not in the room. I
shifted myself in the tub to face Tamam. "Please remember the hair must
still meet Air Force regulations." With that I slumped back into the tub.
My tantrum made a little tsunami of my own.

Tam addressed me in English, "Jono, what hairstyle were you thinking of,
how about a loose flat top? Something like a shaggy brush cut." I smiled
ear to ear and nodded vigorously in agreement. He flipped through the
photos given him by the staff occasionally showing me for approval. After
six or seven samples he found the perfect one.

The stylists left the room to prepare for us and the next group entered.
Five very effeminate Filipino men helped me out of the bath and began
drying me off. In Tagalong they began chatting in hushed tones about how
white and smooth my skin was. One remarked, "Clearly the TOY's hair is
bleached, that light a shade of yellow cannot be natural." Stupid comments
continued to fly from the young men's mouths. One even made the statement
that I was probably another one of 'his' spoiled western sluts. That one
stung, for all I knew maybe they were right. I knew I was not HIS first.
Tam was glaring at them and asked me a question in English, "Do you
understand what they are saying?"

I blushed and dropped my head, "I picked up the basics of Tagalog on a
buying trip to the Philippines and Indonesia with Papa. It is not that
complex a language. They were only gossiping harmlessly." Then I addressed
the catty bitches in their language, "It is called corn silk blonde, it is
natural, and as to your comment that I am a spoiled western slut, your boss
just called me his nephew." Suddenly they fell mute as an expression of
great fear and shame spread across their faces. I had the power and they
knew it. Their conversation became just business. Once we were dry, soft
fluffy robes were wrapped around us. Tam hugged me close on the way out and
whispered in my ear "It showed when you became annoyed."

I whispered in reply, "Ana asef habibi." He kissed my forehead and told me
I was his greatest jewel.

We entered a room with four massage tables' draped in towels. Three of the
largest men I had ever seen were standing next to the first three. I must
have given Tamam a nervous look because he asked if there was another
masseuse available. The man was not offended, "The purpose is to relax, if
I make you nervous those knots will never come out." With that he left the
room. When his replacement entered I almost laughed out loud, it was one of
the Filipino men who just mocked me. As I laid face down on the table he
whispered in Tagalog "Please forgive us it is so rare for others to
understand our tongue, we often forget others occasionally do. What we were
saying was inexcusable."

I replied, "One language is never enough. You are forgiven." His smile
shone like the sun. He began working on the knots in my back. It hurt as
each knot released its hold, but the result was wonderful. I became more
relaxed, HELL after 15 minutes I was almost purring. At that point Reza
rejoined us. He was almost pink after his body waxing. I never thought I
would be happy for the delay in puberty's onset. I could see Tamam trying
to stifle a chuckle as Reza slowly moved to his table.

I was just about to make a joke when my masseuse told me to rollover. I
asked for a towel to cover my midsection. I was still ashamed of my
"shortcoming." He smiled and draped the towel as I rolled onto my back. He
rested his hand on my now covered package and whispered in our secret
language, "Young master, you have nothing to be ashamed of." Poor Reza was
still whimpering softly. His skin was still sore from the depilatory
treatment. I had made eye contact with him; I stuck my lower pouty lip out
which elicited a smile. I hoped Tam would let me go natural, if puberty
ever occurred.

I could see Tam chuckling, I love watching him laugh. The oils must have
been infused with myrrh, my skin was tingling. I also smelled sandalwood;
apparently that was Tamam's scent for me. 15 minutes later the magic
fingers that practically transported me to another world stopped their
magic. All of various muscle aches I had were gone. I felt like a
tenderized piece of Kobe beef.

Tamam had already stood up and put his robe on. He then turned towards me
so that I could put mine on and keep myself covered. He then turned his
attention to his brother. "Little brother your massage is over. I told you
to hold off on the wax until you return to Germany. It's time we move on."
Reza deployed his lower pouty lip. Tam had immediately rebuffed it. He
pointed at me and said, "He can do that and get away with it, you cannot
little brother." Tamam ran his fingers through my hair "Are you ready to
thin this?" My lower lip disappeared between my teeth as I gave a so-so
sign with my hand. "Trust me, it will be great." My lip emerged from its
hiding place as I smiled. He was Tamam, he is perfect, and he will never
hurt me.

The stylist made short work of my shaggy locks. While he was shearing me,
my hands and feet were soaking in some kind of goopy liquid. The stylist
was smiling as he finished, and gestured for Tamam's approval who gave
emphatic thumbs up. With that the stylist walked away and the Filipino
girly-boys returned and began working on my hands and feet. It was like
watching a NASCAR pit crew in action.

Four of them each began working on a hand or foot. I had never had a
manicure or pedicure before. It was a cool experience. The fifth was my
masseuse. He began stirring a thick paste and applying it to my face. It
smelled like it contained some form of eucalyptus oil. It hardened on my
face for about five minutes. The four men working on my nails finished
their task with a quick massage of their assigned appendage, and then
returned the slippers to my feet.

The fifth man on the team returned and began loosening the edges of the
mask. As he removed the mask, I saw what it pulled from my pores. My nose
wrinkled, I thought my hygiene was good. He smiled pointed at himself and
said in broken English, "Jy Ang, sends you home with good skins stuff, keep
you skins smooth and healthy." He ended with a wink, and I thanked him.

Once my skin was salt scrubbed, and cleaned, Jy opened a small packet of
black powder kohl. He then wet what looked like a thin wooden pencil with a
rounded end. He dipped and rolled the pencil in the powder packet, then
applied it to my eyelids lower then upper. The rod gently rested against my
eyeball then spun and swooped the pencil along the inside edge of my lids
and down my eyelashes. It felt odd but it didn't itch or scratch like I
thought it would. Jy smiled as he finished then looked at Tamam as he
gestured towards my face. Tamam smiled and softly applauded. I still had
not even seen my new hair. It was a little annoying.

"Jy, may I see?" He beamed apparently he normally was not addressed
personally. He extended his mirror, the thin lining of kohl did pull
attention straight to my eyes, and the flattop did frame my face. Then the
demon raised its head again as I saw the scar in my hairline. My hand
raised and touched the scar. My eyes watered.

Jy saw that I was upset, "Good Sar, you have such a very pretty face, no
one ever see you very tiny lines." I thanked him as he applied some
cologne, then a dusting of powder to my face and neck. I moved to the
overstuffed wingback chair across the room and waited for the boys to
finish their beard trimming and haircuts. Reza chose to have kohl applied
as well. I knew this was not unusual for men here, with the harsh sun it
was almost medicinal.

When the boy's grooming was complete, we returned to our dressing room. No
sooner had the door closed when Tamam pulled me to my tiptoes as my robe
hit the floor. "You are so beautiful, and I am so blessed." Our lips met in
a passionate lock. I was craving his embrace all morning. When our lips
parted I popped back to my tiptoes to kiss the now bare skin beneath his
beard. As I stood naked in front of him, his smile seemed to warm me to my
core. I was practically floating as I waddled back to my changing area.

Reza walked over and hugged me. He whispered in my ear, "I love that you
make him so happy. He needed someone with depth as well as beauty in his
life." I pulled his lips down to mine and kissed him as Tamam had just
kissed me. His robe opened and my skin crushed against his. The smell of
jasmine on him was intoxicating. My right hand held the back of his neck,
while my left slid to the small of his back.



Tamam interpreted, "I could watch the two of you play all day, but the mall
and Riyadh await us." We quickly dressed and started to leave when Amman
met us at the door. He presented me with a small wrapped box. "It is the
photo you admired earlier. I have another I can bring from home." I handed
the package to Tam and hugged Amman thanked him for saving my father's
life. "Your father was a tremendous man. It was he who saved our lives. It
was only right to return the favor." He kissed both of my cheeks, and then
bid us safe travels.

We went to the Mall, and bought the gifts for Nessa and the Captain we had
joked about on Thursday night. Tam got Vanessa a beautiful two portrait
locket. I had told him how she had an antique locket that was broken on a
deployment and how it broke her heart. I told him the locket itself was not
all that important. She kept pictures of her brothers in it close to her
heart. She's tried to find a replacement but could not find one that
carried two photos.

I bought Captain Nelson a longer chain to hide his boyfriend's charm. I
took a moment holding the chain admiring its clasp, weight and design. I
saw that there was a smaller one in the adjacent case that matched Tamam's
bracelet. Tam asked, "Jono, what are you thinking."

I asked if I could try on the chain and the owner presented it to me. It
fell to the middle of my sternum, right over my heart. I removed it again
setting it on the counter. I asked the owner if I could borrow his
polishing cloth. I removed my father's wedding ring and began to restore
its shine. The owner asked to see the ring and I honored his request. I
told him how my Papa designed and made the wedding set for my mother. I
shared that it was all I had to remember them.

He praised Papa's skill. I told him what happened the last time I wore it
from my neck. I looked at the chain and praised the jeweler's
craftsmanship. He looked at me and boasted none of his chains had ever
broken, and how the clasps were designed to fail closed. We agreed on a
price and I slid the ring on the chain. Tam helped me close the clasp. If
Nessa could carry her family near her heart, it would be sufficient for me
as well. Tam looked so pleased.

I asked Tam if we could get something to eat before we started back to
Riyadh. He said it would have to be something fast. When Reza recommended
falafel Tam and I began laughing. The laughter increased when he asked if
it was a private joke. Three nights and three days seem like such a
lifetime. We stopped at the cafe in the entrance of the mall just outside
the family only zone and had falafel. Tamam had his strong tea, Reza had a
coke (it doesn't taste right here), and I had a blend of carrot and pear
juice. I kept touching the center of my chest. Tamam rested his hand on my
shoulder saying, "I see the clasp, and it is still there." I apologized
then he replied touching the indent in my finger, "It was there for many
years. It will take time for you to get used to its new home." I wanted to
throw my arms around him, but this was too public. Instead I merely thanked
him until later when I could do more...


--Continued

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Sun, 20 Aug 2017 10:57:23 -0400
From: Izzy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 04 (Gay/Military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

________

Chapter 4 - Back In The Saddle Again

I woke Saturday morning with sunlight streaming into my face. I was alone
in the bed, Tamam was missing. Damn I thought. I had only woken in his arms
once but, it felt natural to have him spooning me. Having his powerful arms
wrapped around me. My head tucking under his. Was this how it was to be
now? We would have our fun at night and I would be alone in the morning?

My eyes scoured the room looking for any evidence he was returning. The
clock alongside the bed said 9:30. I thought to myself crap, I slept
through half the morning. Mother Nature's call was urgent so I waddled into
the bathroom. What the hell I thought, I had so much sleep and I was still
groggy. Then I was overcome with sudden waves of nausea. I dropped to my
knees and worshiped to porcelain throne. Why was I throwing up, and when
would I stop?

I finished taking care of business, and then brushed my teeth to get the
taste of vomit out of my mouth. I started looking for something to put on.
I remembered Naser wanted me to go down to the stables to look at Juno. My
body was tight and sore from the evening's activities. My head still wasn't
clearing, something was wrong. The waves of nausea still churned inside of
me.

I knew if I went riding like this I would come home sore and bruised at the
end of the day. Maybe exercise would clear my head I thought. I knew if I
tried to stretch wearing my jammies they would rip, I also knew I was
commando beneath them. What's a boy to do? I stripped off my sleepwear and
put them on the bed I then began to slowly warm up and began deep
stretching.

I had almost completed my full regimen when Tamam reentered the room; he
was already dressed for the day. It was the first time I had seen him in a
traditional thobe. I was in a vertical leg split with my body making a
straight line up against the bathroom door frame my arms were pulling
against the frame to make me as flat as possible. My left cheek was resting
against my right knee as I saw Tamam reenter the suite. He froze and just
looked at me with a smile on his face.

Someone had to break the silence, so I did as I broke pose and walked to
him. "Damn you look so pretty, I wanted to just run and jump in your arms
but I was afraid of messing up your thobe. Aren't you going riding with
us?" He reached down and grabbing my 23" waist and lifted me so he could
touch his lips to mine. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him
back hard. When our lip lock broke he lowered me to the ground and
continued with a disappointing answer.

"No Jono, I must leave you in my father's hands. Naser made an error that
only I can fix. You however, have made a promise to look at Habeeba." I
could tell Tamam was annoyed, I hoped I was not the cause.

"Tamam, I am not feeling quite right this morning. I cannot clear the fog
from my head, add to that I just vomited several times. If I caused your
anger, I am sorry. Please let me know what I must do for your forgiveness.
I tried to get dressed, but I cannot find my clothes."

Tamam hugged me tightly, "Jono, I am not angry with you. The fog in your
head will lift, and the nausea you feel will fade. You clearly needed to
sleep Jono. It is good you did not come out in your sleepwear; the main
room of the house is filling with guests. They have come to ride with you
and Naser today. This is your closet." He walked over to a cabinet in the
corner of the room that I could not open. He reached up and pushed the top
right corner and it sprung open.

"Is that the only way to open it? It is too high for me to push." As I
reached for my comfortable blue jeans he smacked my hand playfully.

"This close to the King's stables you will need to dress appropriately. No
American cowboy wear will do. You go take a shower." My stomach growled
loudly. "I have neglected your needs so much. I will have some breakfast
brought in for you; lunch will not be served until after the ride. When you
come out of the shower I will teach you how to dress for the ride."

Hoping to tease him a little, I was swishing my ass back and forth as I
walked to the bathroom, he did not take the bait. Dammit all, I must have
lost my charm. I re-acquainted myself with the shower settings and started
a warm shower. It took almost no time for it to get hot. Just in case he
wanted pleasure before going to town, I reached over for the enema wand and
slid it within me. I repeated the task four times just to be sure I was
spotless for him. I turned off the water flow and return the wand to its
holder.

There were two soaps in the shower one that smelled almost like lavender
and his musk scented soap. It did not take a rocket scientist to figure out
which one he wished me to use. To be honest I would have preferred good old
dial to the floral scented soap. But Tamam was perfect, and I would obey.
After showering I turned around for the door there was a towel and a robe
hanging from a hook on the outside. Okay was I sleeping with some kind of
Arabian Ninja? I didn't even see him come in. Repeating my new mantra Tamam
is perfect, I realized he was also apparently sneaky.

I dried myself thoroughly and walked to the vanity. There was a note
recommending I use a light dusting of baby powder especially from my waist
down. Dabbing myself with the powder puff was a bit emasculating. But after
a while it felt kind of good. Again I had to remind myself Tamam is perfect.

I rejoined Tamam in the bedroom. He had laid out my clothes for the day, a
pair of tall riding boots, and the English riding wear he had discussed
with tailor. I made a stinky face, wrinkling my nose. "You will learn
little one. You may even learn to enjoy them. Be on your best behavior
sweet Jono. Please, make me proud."

I wrapped my arms around his neck and lifted myself up and kissed him, "Yes
my love. I thought you were going to town?"

"How can I leave you like this? I am completely captivated by your charms.
I must look upon your beauty and make sure that you put on your apparel
correctly." I blushed. "Put on your socks and your underwear first. Then
you will find a pair of snug silk leggings with stirrups. Next the long
riding shirt or the breaches, your choice. I find putting a shirt on first
makes it easier to tuck-in." I put the long sleeve cream colored shirt on
first and then the breaches over the silk leggings. I noticed the breaches
were two tone fabric the dominant piece was a horseshoe shaped piece of tan
colored leather that ran up the inside of my legs and up over my ass. The
fabric portion was a lighter shade of tan.

I looked at Tamam, he was practically drooling. "Won't this pattern cause
others to notice my butt?"

"They would have to be blind to miss your perfect ass. Now you have another
choice, a tie or an ascot. I did not know which you preferred so I
purchased both."

"Tam, no one, and I mean no one in the American military prefers wearing an
ascot." I then pulled the brown necktie off of the rack tied a nice double
windsor. "Must I wear the jacket?"

"Yes Jono, it is expected." I had to admit the silk under leggings did make
me feel kind of sexy.

I noticed the tall leather boots had a snap at the top which I opened and
saw the zipper beneath. I unzipped them and stepped into the custom
footwear. It was almost like putting on a second skin. Tamam was impressed
that I could pull up the zipper without any assistance. I did have a little
trouble snapping the top piece though, but I managed. He made a spinning
motion with his finger. I complied and turned slowly for him. As soon as my
back was to him, I felt his hands reaching inside my thighs running them up
to fondle my butt.

"I told you so. How many others are going to be fondling me today because
of your choice?"

"The leather patches are not intended to draw attention to your butt. They
are there to give you protection and comfort while you ride. The silk inner
leggings are so that you do not blister and chafe. However, I must admit
they do accentuate that beautiful bottom of yours." I quickly finished
putting on the ensemble by putting on the matching dark tan vest and
jacket. They matched the leather patch running down my ass. My hollow belly
made itself known again.

Tamam reached over and cradled my cheek "Your breakfast has been prepared."
He held my arm and walked me to his dining table in his private great room.
There were two covered trays. I sat where he directed me. As he lifted the
cover on my food. I was depressed when I saw it was mostly starches and
vegetables. He saw the disappointment on my face. "What is wrong beautiful
one?"

Tam, my love, if I do not get some protein, even a bit of cheese will do, I
will pass out today. You have seen me eat. To keep the little weight I
have, I must eat like a horse. You do not have to worry about me getting
fat."

"I am so sorry Jono, I was not thinking." He lifted the lid on his meal and
cut a third of his steak off and put it on my plate. He then leaned over
and tried to kiss my forehead. I tilted my head back and made him kiss my
lips. We finished our breakfast, cleaned up, and then walked through his
private hall into the family's great room.

There was a large gathering of people in the room. How odd, I was the only
MAN wearing the riding jacket. I leaned over and whispered to Tamam, "If
they are all riding like that, this jacket is going to be left behind." He
looked down and frowned at me.

Naser came to my rescue. As he approached us I saw his lip had been split,
and the left side of his face and nose were swollen. I could tell he was
sporting two black eyes behind his gargoyles as well. Suddenly the blood
from last night and Tam's injured hand started to make sense. It wasn't
mine. What had he done to piss of his brother that bad?

Naser weakly smiled saying, "Jono, you are a little overdressed. But you
look good." As he hugged me and kissed my cheeks he whispered, "Lose the
jacket, it makes you look like a member of the household staff, or one of
the women. This is not competition; this is just a casual ride." With speed
that would make a thoroughbred blush with shame, the jacket was off and a
member of the house staff ran it back to the room.

Tamam stealthily patted my bottom, smiled and went off on his mystery task.
Naser continued to speak softly, "Most of our friends here knew your
family. The rest are acquainted with or are customers of Ghorbani Stud
Farms."

"So we will be riding with both Arabian and thoroughbred horses. Oh joy,
any bets on who will start the first race?" Both breeds have their
benefits. Owners of these hot-blooded animals tend to think their breed is
better than all others. Egos aside this should be a fun day.

We approached an impressive man. He was smaller than Tam and Naser, but had
a nice physique none the less. "Jono, you asked me who would start the
first challenge race between the thoroughbreds and the Arabians. This is
he, Prince Aziz. My Prince, this is Jono Banks of both the Banks and
Ghorbani Stud Farms. He is also with the U.S. Air Force members providing
our King's Air Force radar training."

The prince grabbed my shoulders and kissed my cheeks three times. He
extended the traditional Arabic greeting of peace be upon you, and I
replied and upon you peace. "It was a great sadness to hear of your
family's passing. My father will be overjoyed that you are still with us.
We were told the entire family was lost."

"From a certain perspective that was the case, my Prince. I died twice on
that day, God was merciful, and restored to me a small portion of what he
had taken from my family."

"So, you have raised both thoroughbreds and Arabians. Which do you prefer."

"They both have merit, but I am my father's son on this topic. I do prefer
the lines on the Arabians and how they walk. Though my uncle often mocked
the Arabian horse, he did recognize their beauty and their value. He had a
plan to start breeding them as well, to add to our stables fame. Life has
taught me it's most bitter truth, no plans in life are certain. I was
pleased that my foster family where the Ghorbani's. Through them, I was
able to add to my knowledge on, the care and training of Arabians."

We chatted for a few more moments, then Naser led me away to continue the
rounds. "You did well Jono. I know this is very uncomfortable for you.
These are skills you will need when you restart the stud ranch. Being a
horse man requires to not only breeding a good animal but to press the
flesh, as it were."

I remembered how at ease my father, my uncle, and Merhadad were in these
situations. Clearly, I am a poor shadow. "My Major often says that social
occasions are only warfare concealed. Shall we return to battle?" I said in
mock bravado.

Naser took my words literally, "There is no need for battle. Horse breeders
are a close-knit community. These people admire your family, and you. Now
it's just time to show confidence. You are doing well."

Since I arrived in country I have noticed Saudi men are a very tactile
people. It's as if they look for any excuse to make physical contact with
the men they are talking to. Looking back on Naser's visit to the Ghorbani
Ranch I remember he was fond of putting his hand on my back, on my
shoulders, or holding my arm. I know uncle Jack would not have approved. I
was finding myself wishing I looked more like my father than my mother.
Naser must have recognized something was wrong. Because he pulled me into
his father's office and asked, "What is wrong little one."

"I am what's wrong. It's almost like my whole life is a mistake. Mikaeel
should have been the one to survive the crash. He was like Dad and Uncle
Jack; confident, and strong. I will always have people look at me as if I
am a child. At most I'm going to grow another inch if I'm very lucky. Look
at me who's going to believe I am a horseman. I'm going to become the punch
line of a joke."

It was at that point Omar Hassan rounded the corner and walked up to me.
"Sweet Jono, I have known your mother's family for three generations now.
Did you know how I met your uncle?" I shook my head no. "His father had
tried to let him close a sale. He failed miserably, and your grandfather
had to step in to save the sale. At that time in his life Jack chose not to
learn about the people he was doing business with. As a result he had his
foot in his mouth more often than not. Confidence is a learned trait. Jono
your grandfather once confided in me a wish that he had another son. Your
Uncle lost many sales but the whole time he learned. Failure is not fatal
little one; it is often the great teacher."

He paused to wipe the tear from my cheek, "The irony of that conversation
with your grandfather is that your uncle repeated it. Mikaeel was a strong
young man. He was very good with his hands. His mind however was closed,
and he did not have the passion to raise horses. Life does not give us
choices that go 1-2-3 often. Sometimes we have to fill in the gaps and
rearrange the pieces. Jack knew that you had that skill. You were always
his choice to take over the reins; that is IF your father's business did
not interest you. Mikaeel was always his backup plan." Tears started to
form and I fought them back as the old man pulled me into his thobe hugging
me tightly. I was suddenly feeling very close to my family.

"Thank you Mr. Hassan, you have reminded me, I do have something to offer.
I guess I just needed a little pity party. I'm sorry that you were invited."

"Pain is a part of life. You've endured much, but you're still here. I am
delighted to be at any party where you are present. That being said I must
return to our guests. Naser take Jono to the stables to have a look at his
Habeeba."

Naser took my arm as we walked to the stable. As we approached he pointed
to the exercise ring to a familiar face. It was Juno all tacked out and
apparently ready to go. There was a young man rubbing his arm also in the
ring. An older gentleman was approaching MY Juno with a long coiled whip in
his hand. It was as if someone flipped a switch in my head, GAME ON!

I slid between the rails and approached from his rear. As his arm went
back, uncoiling the whip behind him, I grabbed the whip ripping it from his
hand and threw it to the ground. I angrily demanded to know how long he had
been training horses. Arabians are known for their gentleness, unless they
are mistreated. His only reply was to rub his arm and complain about being
bit as well.

"Did you bother to check and see if the bridle was fit properly? Habeeba
has a birth defect due to how she came into the world. Placement of the
throatlatch was critical. If it rested on that spot for too long it can
irritate and even become painful to the animal." I looked at Naser and
said, "I am sorry, this should have been explained when you bought her."

"It was, Jono. I clearly did not explain it well enough for our stable
master."

I removed the ill fitting bridle. Habeeba, my Juno, rewarded me by putting
her head in my chest. As I strolled around the ring making adjustments to
the bridle my sweet Juno walked behind me, occasionally touching her chin
to my right shoulder. A crowd started to gather around the ring. The stable
boy and Naser were impressed with her obedience. The older man was
practically shooting daggers from his eyes.

A few short minutes later I gave Juno the command to drop her head. She
complied and I put the adjusted bridle back on her head. No muss, fuss, or
biting. I motioned for the stable boy to approach. I showed him the point
of irritation, and the subtle alteration that was made to accommodate it.
He reached up and rubbed her cheek. She reciprocated by putting her head
into his chest. She liked him.

Naser interrupted with, "We are riding today right?"

I smoothly mounted Habeeba from the left. I wanted to see how much of her
training she remembered. I rested the reins across her withers and extended
my arms out. I gave the command step right. She complied; applause came
from those around the ring. I continued step left, forward, back, circle
right and left. She remembered everything. I again took the reins and rode
toward Naser at the ring gate.

I nodded in his direction and commanded Habeeba to bow. Her right knee was
raised and her left bent, as she dropped her head. Naser reached up and
stroked her forelock. More applause. The angry old stable master's mouth
fell open. Naser opened the gate letting us out of the ring. I leaned down
and whispered pleading, "Please Naser, do not let the man with the whip
touch Habeeba EVER again."

"Not to worry, father saw it all. He will be discharged before we return.
He and I were very impressed by your restraint. The Prince rode along side
me asking who trained this animal. I replied, "That would be me my Prince.
Breeding only carries you so far. Training makes a truly prized mount." He
agreed and rode off with his sister and their party.

Naser rode up next to me, putting his hand on the small of my back, he
leaned over and whispered. "I believe you thought you had nothing to offer
as a breeder. They know and respect you both as a breeder, and trainer. The
bow was a nice touch. By the way you forgot your helmet." He pointed as the
stable boy handed it up to me. Damn, I thought to myself. Still, I donned
the dorky helmet and rode off with Naser and his buddies into the fig
groves.

The trails in the groves seemed like they went on forever. Nothing however
lasts forever, eventually the trees ended and the sand and low scrub began
around the water of the Oasis. The contrast was remarkable. In the distance
the land and sky blurred together within a dusty haze. The water was the
color of bright aquamarine. Naser called it; the Prince was indeed taunting
the Arabian riders to race alongside the banks.



We rode down to the Oasis where his father had set up a banquet tent.
Servants approached and grabbed the reins of our horses and I looked down
to see another on all fours underneath my left stirrup. I guess he was
acting as a stair step. I had never needed one before. I thought to myself,
"When in Rome" and dismounted using his back as a step. I gave Juno an
affectionate rub and saw my step rise to his feet. It was the stable boy
who Habeeba bit earlier.

Naser approached and grabbed my arm and led me towards the tent. I looked
at him and said, "Is that step stool act really necessary, I've been
getting on and off horses since I was very little I haven't needed a ladder
or step in over a decade. Daddy taught me a man who cannot climb into his
own saddle doesn't deserve to ride."

"Jono, my father has honored you with that 'act,' watch as the others
dismount. You will find only the royals receive this treatment. Your groom
is honored to provide this service. He is also very appreciative of the
fact that you are so light. I have seen more than one groom collapse under
the weight of our King."

"While we're on the subject of collapsing Naser. When we had sex last
night, you played with my backside. Other than yourself, what did you put
inside me?"

"I was hoping you would not have noticed Jono. I gave you a mild sedative
contained in a quick dissolving gel capsule. Things didn't feel right; I
realized I missed my opportunity to be your lover. It was wrong to join you
and Tam. I just didn't know how to stop and walk way. It was my hope that
you would have drifted off to sleep as soon as the gel released. I didn't
count on your system being so energized by adrenaline. Then it finally
acted so suddenly, I had to tell Tam what I had done. He was angry, for the
first time in our lives he actually hit me. I can only beg your
forgiveness, and hope that you will accept me back as a friend."

"Please do not do anything like that to me again. My body does not react
normally, or well, to most sedatives. It's also quite clear you didn't get
the dosage right for my body mass. I don't sleep long because I am not
wired to sleep a lot. Papa used to laugh when my chores were done hours
before Mikaeel even woke up. Dad and Mom always knew when I wasn't feeling
well by my sleep pattern."

"I'm sorry Jono, I confessed to Tamam last night. He is making arrangements
with the base doctor for an emergency script to be placed in your medical
record in case you have a urinalysis Monday. It was foolish of me and I am
sorry. My heart was in the right place."

I squeezed his hand and smiled saying, "All Is forgiven, Naser. Tamam
however, is gonna get an ear full. He should have told me this morning when
I asked. He knows, if I test positive for anything, guilt is always assumed
first. I am required to report "accidental exposures" as well." I was
laughing as I added, "Although I don't know how I could ever explain how a
pill was accidentally shoved up my ass." This elicited an embarrassed smile
from Naser.

"I have put you in a difficult place, I shall not again. Do not be too hard
on Tamam either; he is often cleaning up my errors. He cares very deeply
for you Jono." My lower lip tucked in between my teeth and I blushed
dropping my head. "I see you are most fond of him as well."

"Naser while I do love both of you, last night's 'playtime' felt odd to me
as well. I do love you and if 'it' happened three years ago perhaps things
might have been different. I love Tamam with all my heart and I do not want
to screw that up in any way. I also do not want to become a stumbling block
between the two of you."

"That was part of the reason I knocked you out last night. Even Tam
eventually said that it felt odd. As far as I am concerned, you are going
to be the best friend, I could ever wish for. Perhaps another little
brother, if father gets his way." The last comment confused me but I let it
pass.

The banquet tent was divided into the men's side, and the women's side.
There was a veil separating the two. It was a reclining table again. This
time I didn't need someone sitting behind me feeding me. I had a clue, I
just had to remember lean on the left arm and eat with the right. Omar
Hassan was flanked by his son and the prince. My place was next to Naser.

The meal went on for a couple of hours, eating and talking. The whole time
the Prince continued bad mouthing Arabian horses. It was beginning to grate
on my nerves. Gawd I wanted to bring him down a peg. Omar could see me
"chomping at the bit" and beamed a smile in my direction. After the meal,
both Omar and Naser pulled me aside to praise my restraint.

With the gathering complete the guests began remounting their animals and
began riding away. Omar asked for Naser and I to remain behind. He said
Tamam could see to the needs of the departing guests on the other end. When
I heard MY Tamam was back, I was tempted to jump on Habeeba and fly to him.
Naser leaned over whispering in my ear, "Calm yourself little one. He will
still be there for you." Damn that Hassan telepathy.

As Omar Hassan approached, my head dropped in respect. He softly pinched my
chin between his right thumb and closed fist pulling my gaze back in line
with his. "This you need not do any longer. You are part of my family now.
The restraint you showed today was commendable. The stable manager has been
fired. I am grateful you only threw his whip to the ground and did not
strike him."

I replied, "Forgive me sir, when I saw the whipping scar on her chest I
wished I had whipped him to death." His eyes were filled with great rage as
he commanded I show him. Habeeba dropped her head into my chest as my
finger ran across the smooth scar.

Omar Hassan was furious, Naser was equally enraged. Omar shouted for
someone named Walid. As he approached, I recognized it was my young groom.
The men began shouting at him demanding to know how this could happen.
Walid was silently sobbing as he was rubbing his chest along the same
pattern over, and over again, a cold chill went down my spine. I placed my
hand on Omar's arm, "Please, may I?" Both men relented. I stepped forward
and asked Walid to open his shirt. His hands were trembling as he undid the
4 buttons and the thobe fell open exposing several long narrow scars.

I lifted his head so I could see his deep brown eyes. "Walid, how did you
get these?" Walid told the story of how he stood between the enraged stable
manager and Habeeba. He was able to protect the animal from all but one of
the blows. He said the stable manager was so angry with his intervention
that he drug Walid to a post. Then the master bound his hands to the post
and whipped his back bloody, then 'took him' several times. Walid slowly
turned around and dropped the thobe to his waist exposing a mass of healing
wounds.

My eyes watered as I remembered how just a day ago I was ashamed to show my
tiny surgical scars. I reached down and pulled the thobe back to his
shoulders. I turned him to face me again. Reaching up to his neck I pulled
his head down and softly kissed his forehead. "Thank you for protecting my
girl."

Omar put his hand on my chest and pushed me gently backward. He too kissed
young Walid's forehead adding next time tell him or one of his son's. Omar
turned and looked at me saying; "Now young Jono, part of me wishes you had
harmed him a bit." As he kissed my forehead, Naser rubbed my back and neck.
"Naser please supervise the crew here, and take care of things. I wish to
ride back with Jono."

We took the long trail to the main house. Omar thanked me for my assistance
with Walid. "It is always best to know the facts in these matters before
one acts. Thank you for your wisdom." Riding with Omar was very reminiscent
of the rides I took with my father as a child. He was pointing out various
features along the trail. Things like; this well was dug by this ancestor,
that house was built by his grandfather. About half way to the house the
conversation got serious. "Jono, you must know that both of my sons are
fond of you." I nodded yes. "I know this is not fair, or a situation of
your making but you will soon have to choose one, or it will lead to
conflict."

"That has been done sir. Naser is okay with me just being a friend or
little brother. The last thing I ever wanted was to do was bring conflict
or drama to your home. If you wish, I can remain in Riyadh for the
remainder of my assignment. I am so sorry Mr. Hassan."

Omar Hassan laughed, "I will send both of them away, long before you. I saw
it coming a long time ago. You did not create it. Innocence is a gift not
to be taken, or given, lightly. I know you have an excellent head on your
shoulders. I am proud to welcome you to our family. Jono, understand I love
all of my children but, you should know Tamam can be selfish, be ready to
stand up for yourself. Remember he chose to care for an American boy. Just
as you must remember that you chose to care for an Arab man. It is a fine
line the two of you have chosen to walk." He rode close to me. "Did you
know I was there when you were born?"

My reply was communicated. Either through my shocked expression, or my
shaking head. "I saw the pride in your father's eyes as he looked through
the nursery ward's glass and pointed out his new young son to me. You were
very premature, such a tiny morsel of life, the doctors were not sure if
you would live through the night. There was such a spirit in your eyes, I
knew you would. You're a fighter you should take great pride in that. I
even know the story behind your name Jono." I was surprised Momma didn't
even tell Jack how I got my name.

Mr. Hassan continued, "I have one more thing to ask of you; please stop
calling me Mr. Hassan, Papa will do nicely. If I had known you were still
alive all of those years ago, I would have eagerly sought your adoption.
When I learned you were still with us, I sent Naser to look in on you. You
were already established in the Ghorbani home. It would have been cruel to
uproot your life again."

"Papa Omar. May I ask for something?" He then tousled my hair with his
finger, "Can we send Walid to a doctor to see if anything can be done to
reduce his scars? Some of those wounds are still fresh. He was injured
caring for my girl."

He held up his hand and stopped me, "That is why I left Naser there. It is
already underway. You care for so many people before yourself. That is a
special gift."

We returned to the trail and to the tour. As we passed a small house he
looked at me and said, "That is where my father said I was conceived. It
was their first home together. I remember how his eyes burned when he saw
her. I saw that fire today when I looked into Tamam's eyes. He burns for
you."

After a couple hours on the trail we arrived back at the family compound.
Tamam was waiting by the stables he had a very nervous look on his face. No
doubt he was concerned with what his father had talked to me about.

Papa Omar dismounted in a fluid motion. Handing the reins over to one of
the stable hands.

As my leg swung over Habeeba's back I felt Tamam's hands on the small of my
back. So much for my impressive dismount. I felt like a child as he lowered
me to the ground. I outstretched my index finger and motioned for him to
come closer. I reached up with my hands as if I was going to caress his
face. When he got close enough I took my index finger and flicked him
painfully, right between the eyes. Hard enough that it made a loud audible
thump, and raised red welt. He actually said 'OUCH' as he rubbed his
forehead.

"Tamam, if I need help I will ask for it. Please don't do that to me again.
I want the rest of the staff to know I can handle a horse."

I could hear Papa Omar chuckling as he walked away. I then grabbed the back
of Tam's neck pulling his head down, and I kissed his boo-boo whispering,
"Now my beloved, please take me to bed. If you still desire this willful
beast."

"Naser was right you look better without the jacket. I heard about what
happened with the stable master. You made me very proud. I wish I could
have seen you put Habeeba through her paces."

I spat out with great venom, "After seeing what he did to Walid and
Habeeba, I wish I had killed the son of a bitch." Tamam had a puzzled look
on his face as he looked upon me. Clearly the news of the whipping had not
returned to the compound. As we walked towards his private entrance, I
quickly brought him up to speed. He was very pissed.

"Again you showed great restraint. We will have to look and see what can be
done. You have my word, we will find a way to make this right with Walid."

As he was reaching for the door lever and I put my hand on his chest to
stop him. I looked up at his gorgeous face and said, "Tamam, there is
something else I need to talk to you about. I know where you went today,
and it was to protect me. But this is my body; if someone has done
something to it I deserve to know. I was very angry with you for dismissing
how crappy I felt this morning, when you knew the truth. I have already
forgiven Naser for his error. I beg that you do the same please. We have
both agreed last night was a mistake."

His eyes didn't blink even once as I continued, "I am doing this here,
because your home should be a place of peace, rest, and love, not conflict.
If I have crossed an unforgivable line with you I am sorry. But please try
to understand, this shell of flesh is one of the very few things I have a
measure of dominion over. I know even that is an illusion. Everything else
has been taken away or is in jeopardy."

I dropped my head and continued, "If I have offended you I am sorry. I hope
you can forgive me, as I have forgiven you."

Tamam raised my head kissing my forehead. He kissed his way down to my ear.
He whispered, "I am sorry my beloved. You are right, I should have told
you."

I threw my arms around his neck and jumped into his arms. As he threw open
the door, my legs wrapped around his perfect abs. I felt his muscles
rippling under his thobe as he carried me toward his bedroom. I had my vest
and shirt off and on the floor before we cleared the living-room. I then
turned my attention to Tamam. I successfully worked my way down his thobe
unfastening all four buttons before we made it to the bed.

Our mouths attacked each other in passion. The battle for dominance was
over before it began. I was his completely mind, body, and soul. I could
not imagine a universe without being by his side. My legs released their
hold on my stallion. I kissed my way down his neck and chest as he lowered
me to the floor. My brow furrowed and I bit on my lower lip. Tamam saw the
look of frustration on my face and he backed away, "What is wrong my
precious boy?"

"How in the HELL do I get you out of this DAMNED thing?" He laughed as he
replied. "You have but to ask, my sweet." As he slowly pulled the garment
over his head I dropped to the floor before him. As the thobe rose, I
loosened then removed each of his sandals, kissing each of his feet in
turn. I was kissing my way up the flesh of his inner thigh when his thobe
dropped to the floor. Tamam was reaching for the waistband of his white
boxers. My hands latched on to his oh so firm ass through the fabric of his
boxers.

I turned my head upwards facing his while pressing my right cheek against
his left thigh. "Please Tamam, let me do this for you. Let me be of service
to your pleasure this time. Walid's wounds showed me how blessed I am that
you were my first love and not someone who would violently steal my
virginity." His right hand caressed the left side of my face.

He smiled and replied, "Jono, it is I who was blessed to find you."

I returned to nuzzling and kissing my mountain of a man pausing only to
mouth each of his plum sized balls through the fabric of his shorts. My
hands slid up the back of his muscular thighs and into the leg holes of his
underwear. Each arm now rested from each of his magnificent ass cheeks. He
was groaning as my mouth gently traced the massive hunk of meat that was
beginning to rapidly swell within its fabric prison. My teeth latched on to
the only piece of cloth covering my man. Using only my teeth and body
weight I pulled the offending garment down.

Once the waistband popped over his firm bottom the fabric went slack, and
his thick prime beef tumbled out onto my nose and forehead with a loud wet
slap. My hands swiftly tugged the fabric passed his knees and gravity
dropped them to the floor. My man was totally exposed before me, as the
heels of my riding boots made contact with my butt. I patted the edge of
the bed in hopes of encouraging him to sit. He didn't need much
encouragement.

Still in my tight riding clothes from waist down must have been a hot sight
for him, because he was rock hard even without any real effort on my part.
I smoothly slid between his legs, kissing and nibbling the flesh of his
inner thigh. My nose rested a moment under Tamam's scrotum and I inhaled
deeply his musky scent. I then tipped my head back, flicking my tongue
along his furry sack between his balls. I gave both fuzzy orbs a peck and
sucked each gently into my mouth one at a time.

I turned my head slightly to the right and mouthed the base of his shaft.
Slowly, I worked my way up his shaft. Loads of clear salty sweet precum
flowed down his shaft and met my mouth half way up. Now I added new steps
to pleasuring my man's cock; lick, suck, and then swallow. My man must be
kept clean. At last I had made it to the tip of his spear. I deftly ran my
tongue around his bulbous head. Making a tight "o" with my lips I plunged
downward on his waiting rod of iron. I heard a loud groan of pleasure from
Tamam as his hands rested on the back of my head. He did not force my head
further, his hands just rested there.

After ten minutes or so I had Tamam's eleven inches of wrist thick meat
engulfed in my throat. I felt it twitch as he begged me to stop. I was
tempted to disobey him but he was Tamam "perfection," I could no sooner
disobey him than I could exist without oxygen. As my lips cleared his still
throbbing shaft, my lower lip went into full pout mode. I looked up his
body to his beautiful face. Resting my chin on his thigh I asked, "Was I
doing it wrong? If my technique is wrong, please tell me so that I may fix
it."

He pulled his hand from the back of my head and stroked my cheek tenderly.
"Jono, I do not want our passion over too soon. I am grateful you desire to
please me, but I wish to give you pleasure as well." With that he tenderly
pulled me to my feet. "How may I bring my sweet boy pleasure?" He motioned
for me to stand.

As he began tugging at my waistband, I put my hands on top of his and
pulled my lower lip between my teeth. "Is this a request Jono?" I nodded.
He cradled my chin between his thumb and fist. Then he used his index
finger to part my jaw releasing my lip. "That is so adorable, but it is
impossible for you to answer me, let alone ask me for anything, when you
are biting your lip like that."

I swallowed hard, "Tamam, I am so tiny, and your bed is so high, it
inspired a fantasy. I have been thinking about all day long." Tamam's
eyebrow arched encouraging me to continue. I slowly undid the top snap of
my boots and slid down the zipper so that I could step out of them. I
attempted to perform a slow seductive striptease of the remainder of my
clothes. It was apparent that my attempt to please Tamam worked. He started
to stand and walk towards me.

I held up a finger to stop him and pointed back to the bed and asked him to
sit. Simply put, I wasn't done showing off. One of the things I loved about
his bedroom was all the space. I figured there was enough space where I was
standing to the edge of the bed to do a slow double front walkover ending
up next to him on the bed. I looked at him and said, "Patience my giant. I
will be with you in a moment..." and began my walkovers.



There was a gasp from him as he was concerned I would fall. If he had
interrupted, I would have. I was grateful he restrained himself. I used a
sideways aerial cartwheel to end up on the bed with my head away from him.
Tamam applauded my effort. I was on my side and I bent my legs 90 degrees,
so my ass was right on the edge of the firm mattress. I extended my right
arm and gave the international come hither gesture with my index finger.

As he approached me, I raised my right leg and draped it across his
shoulder and my right hand rested on the small of his back. "Tamam, if it
pleases you, please take me like this."

"You have given me so many pleasant surprises. You have asked for so
little." He grabbed my right thigh with his left hand as he softly kissed
my right ankle. I so wanted him to know my body was his to command, and was
capable of providing him exotic methods of pleasure.

He reached down with his right hand and gave his python of firm shake
ensuring he was fully developed. He slowly leaned into me and buried his
fleshy sword in my anal scabbard. The feeling was remarkable as he buried
his member to the hilt. He remained fully entrenched until a look of relief
spread across my face. I was perspiring from my effort as he continued deep
dicking me. Standing by the edge of the bed, piston driving his thick,
long, hard cock in and out of my ass. He was slowly pulling it almost all
the way out, only to slam it back in.

I was not laying there idle, my hips were rolling to meet his every thrust.
On what I thought was his final thrust he plunged all the way in and slowly
rolled me on my back and lifted my left leg to his other shoulder. His
hands slid behind my back and came to rest on my shoulder blades. He kissed
me full on the lips and continued kissing along my jaw line to my ear.
Tamam sucked and nibbled on my ear lobe before whispering, "You have shown
me your skill and flexibility. Now allow me to show you my strength. Slide
your legs down my arms so that they lock in my elbows."

No sooner had I complied when he lifted me off the bed still impaled on his
member. As he carried me across the room to the far wall. He would
occasionally bounce my ass up and down on his long fat cock. I was not
ready for the incredible power of the sensation. My back arched to the
point where I almost fell from his arms. He maintained control with the
incredible strength of his massive upper body pulling me back into his
chest. "Easy tiny one..." I was trembling with all the stimulation.

At long last we reached the far wall. I didn't realize at first he was
using the wall for my safety. He started using my body is a curling bar. I
was his living weight set. As he flexed his arms up and down, he was
raising and lowering my ass along his magnificent prick. I was biting my
lower lip as my back arched so my shoulder blades could rest against the
wall. My mind was screaming just a little leverage, so I could help my man
reach his climax. Since a full climax was beyond my ability at least I
could help him to have one.

Tamam began pounding my ass like a man possessed. I could tell he was
close. I felt his seed filling my bottom. I was ready for yet another
emasculating dry orgasm when suddenly, fluid sprayed from my cock, up my
chest and over my shoulder against the wall. It took a moment to realize my
man had given me my first real orgasm... I collapsed into his chest
praising and thanking him for his wonderful gift. His cock slid from my ass
accompanied with a wet "ploop" sound. I could hear his seed hitting the
marble tile floor as he gently set my feet down. I couldn't stand on my
own; it was as if my legs turned to rubber. I was gasping as my arms
encircled my giant. "Easy sweet boy, your strength will return shortly.
Just lean on me for as long as you have to."

"Forever should be just about long enough Tamam." I replied. I was walking
like a newborn foal as he guided me to the shower. Slowly my legs return to
normal function. My love was kissing me so tenderly. I asked him a question
as he ran his soapy hands and wash cloth over my body. "Tamam, why are you
so interested in me? Surely there must be a woman who would desire you as a
mate. I know that is what your father would prefer."

He chuckled, "My older brothers have provided many sons and daughters to
bless our family. My father knows though his youngest sons are Muslim, we
are not a particularly good Muslims. We like the occasional smoke, enjoy
alcohol, and very much enjoy the pleasure of men. Simply put, for myself, I
do not see the appeal of a woman. Yes, it is true if I desired a wife, one
would be procured for me. Add to all that, my father adores you. He does
not believe either Naser or I are worthy of you."

I laughed. After all he is perfection I'm just the parts that are left
over. Life is funny, just a couple of weeks ago I didn't want to come on
this TDY. Now I can't imagine returning to Germany in five months. "What is
wrong Jono? You look deep in troubled thought."

"It's just I only have five more months remaining in this TDY. There is a
chance that command MAY extend it to eleven months but that is unlikely at
my rank. I just don't know what I'm going to do when I have to return to
Germany."

"I could always kidnap you and trap you in the house." He smiled wryly.
"Perhaps you could resign and leave the Air Force."

"Tam, one cannot kidnap the willing. As to the second, it doesn't work that
way in our service. Officers can resign their commission; enlisted people
are locked in a contract. I have almost three years left on mine. Because
of my security clearance, If I chose to leave the Air Force, and did not
take employment with a civilian contractor, I would not be allowed to leave
the United States for a period of two years."

"The problem is five months away. For now let us live in this perfect
moment." Once again I found, how can I argue with his logic? He was
perfect. We finished our shower and took a quick nap together on the bed. I
fell asleep playing with his chest fur.


--Continued

Authors note: Some of the Journey is true.  Some is based on true events.
Some based on true but embellished events. Some falls into the category of
PF (pure fiction).

The character Jono is built on my physical template. The physical template
for the character Tam, was built on my lover of thirty years Aza (OZ). I
tried to capture his spirit and wrap it in "Tam's" skin.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Sat, 19 Aug 2017 10:33:48 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 03 (gay/military)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html
________

Chapter 3 - Meet The Family

I awoke with the dawn's light streaming through the bedroom windows.
The Friday sunrise was glorious. Tamam spooning me, we both were
afflicted with the curse of morning wood. Naturally his was far more
pronounced and currently resting between my butt cheeks, like a foot
long hot dog in a coney roll. I slowly turned my head to look at his
reflection in the mirrored canopy. I couldn't believe how beautiful he
was when he was asleep.

Suddenly, I was hit with a series of realizations, so many firsts.
Naturally being in bed with another guy was new. Being butt naked, I
always wore pajamas or at least underwear and a t-shirt. Muscle aches
were kinda new as well. I was expecting the soreness in my backside
from being deflowered. I dismissed all of it as the price for last
night's passion.

My giant moved, was he waking up? I heard a low guttural groan, as his
hips ground into mine. He began dry humping me using my butt cheeks
for friction. My man needed release. His eyes were closed as his pace
quickened. Occasionally a string of words came from his lips. His
dream must have been highly erotic based on the words I understood.
The sheer volume of pre-cum oozing onto my lower back was a good clue
as well. He said my name, he was dreaming of me!

His massive arm that was just draped over me a few moments ago now
took possession of me. Pulling me tighter against his body, after 5
minutes his body shook. As his cum sprayed against my back and his
stomach, I saw his eyes open as he cursed in Arabic. I rolled over and
kissed him. "Tamam! Curses after such a beautiful way to awake?" Damn,
even with morning breath he tasted good. He started apologizing for
his mess. I put my finger to his lips, "Beloved, you were in need of
release. I was pleased to help you." He smiled and softly kissed me.
"I confess, I was more than a little tempted to try backing onto it.
But, I am very sore. Add to that, I am paying for missing my gym work
outs."

"Jono, you have been running every day. I have been watching. What gym
work outs are you missing?"

"Nessa, is my gymnastics partner. We were told we couldn't work out
together in either of the base or hotel gymnasiums"

"I will find a way to change that. For now we must clean up. We have a
long day. What would you like for breakfast?"

"Mishi waraq enab, and kanafa? If not, I will be happy with porridge
and a pastry. Oh, and coffee, please!"

"Jono, you are too easily pleased." As he picked up the phone he
pointed to the en-suite bathroom. As I passed through the doorway I
heard him pass on my breakfast order of stuffed grape leaves and fried
phyllo dough with cheese.

The master bath was configured in, what I would later learn was the
continental European fashion, just on a grander scale. An oversized
jetted tub was against the far wall. It was tempting but, I got the
idea we were pressed for time. There was an equally huge shower. I
however, had more pressing concerns.



The voice in my head was screaming, "Where the hell is the toilet?!?"
I was performing a frustrated pee-pee dance and eyeing the sink when
Tamam entered. He laughed and opened what I thought was a linen
closet. Contained in the smaller room was a toilet and bidet. I sat
having an urgent need to poop. It burned as the contents of my guts
hit the bowl. I had just flushed and after familiarizing myself with
the jets, I straddled the bidet.

Tamam entered he had morning business to accomplish as well. When he
finished draining his magnificent trouser snake he turned to face me
and lean against the wall. "I only wish to admire my pretty boy." I
blushed and finished my task. I stood and bent to turn off the water.
Then Tamam told me to stop. There were traces of blood in the basin.
He took me out to the sink and had me face it. He then bent and spread
my butt cheeks and began examining my hole. More Arabic curses from
Tamam.

"What did I do Tamam? I am sorry if I have done something wrong. Let
me know and I will never do it again."

Tamam stood behind me and looked at me in the mirror, wrapping his
arms around me. "Sweet Jono, it was I who erred, it looks as if I tore
you a bit. Why didn't you tell me you were hurting?"

"I thought it was normal. Remember, I have a high tolerance for pain."
I rubbed my scar.

He kissed the back of my head, and reached for a tube of
hydrocortisone cream. He squeezed out a bit onto his finger then
rubbed it into the tear. It was so soothing, the itching ended. "When
the pain returns, and every time you bathe, or empty your bowels apply
more." He then smacked my ass HARD. "Next time tell me you are hurt
first!"



He spun me around and sat me on the counter. Kissing me passionately I
found myself getting hard. There was an odd feeling in my prick; it
felt almost like I was peeing. I dropped my left hand from his back to
cover my tiny member. Tamam grabbed my hand and stepped back just in
time to see the tiniest drop of clear fluid emerge from the end of my
cock.

"I am sorry Tamam; I tried to hold it in." I haven't peed myself in years.

He wiped the fluid from my slit then rubbed it between his thumb and
forefinger and inhaled the scent. "This is not piss; it looks as if
someone's body may be catching up with his years." He stuck his damp
finger against my lips. I allowed it to slide in. The taste was
sweeter than Tamam's but it was definitely cum. How could this be?
While I wasn't told it would never happen, I was told that it would be
highly unlikely to ever occur. I wonder what else that urologist could
be wrong about.

We showered together we scrubbed and lathered each other. I saw
Tamam's cock twitch and started to reach for it. He stopped me saying
we did not have time to play and playfully swatted my butt. I put out
my pouty lip, which earned me my usual kiss and cuddle.

We emerged from the shower and dried each other and were about to
reenter the bedroom. Tamam pointed to the counter at the tube of
medication, then extended his index finger and made a wiping gesture.
I blushed as he left leaving me alone to apply my medication to my
aching back end.



To my surprise when I entered the room, there was an entire new outfit
laid out on the bed. Camel colored trousers and a light grey long
sleeved shirt. I knew it was mine because there's no way on Earth he
could fit into it. Here I was ready to do the walk of shame. His
tailor was really that good. "Tamam, they must have worked all night.
Was this why the first outfit was ready so fast? To ensure my
measurements were correct?"

"You think of the oddest things. Yes, they probably did work through
the night. Yes, the first was the test. Jono, I paid them very well
for this service, and they are grateful for my continued patronage."

"I'm sorry; I'm normally on an off-the-rack kind of guy. Sadly, that
rack is more often than not in the kids section." Tamam smiled and
rubbed my head again. Apparently his rubbing my head is going to be
our thing, when I make (what is to him) a silly comment.

We dressed and passed through the living room and out on to the lower
terrace. Two covered trays were sitting on the table. After sitting
where he gestured, I lifted the lid on my tray his kitchen staff even
remembered what I forgot to ask for, yogurt and pita on the side. I
found myself thinking, "The kingdom must pay its junior officers very
well."

"Tamam how is it your cook knew to have the fixings for Mishi waraq
ready? I know it takes more than an hour just to cook, that's not even
including prep time. I know because I make it. I was expecting the
porridge."

"Is it unwelcome? A good host knows the needs and preferences of his
guest, long before they are needed." He smiled slyly as he continued,
"I forgot to mention. Your foster mother would like you to call more
often."

"Tam, its kinda creepy asking everyone in my life questions about me.
Here I am, I know almost nothing about you. I know you pulled my
service jacket. I know you've talked to both of my past supervisors in
some depth. Now I know you've talked to my foster parents. If I were
to query the state of Florida would I find that you had accessed my
family's records? As I said, kinda creepy."

"My young Jono, a man in my position must protect himself. I know
there's no avarice in you. I know I can trust you, and now I hope to
prove that you may trust me. Please eat sweet boy, my family is eager
to meet you."

I couldn't believe he told them about me. I'm nothing special, nothing
at all. We ate our breakfast and told some jokes. He teased me about
my sugary dessert. We went back to the bathroom to brush teeth and run
one last comb through our hair. I was surprised to see that he
actually had a toothbrush for me. I would have been a little happier
had it not been a toothbrush bearing a children's TV character. Then
Tamam splashed on some of that magnificent cologne. I wanted to roll
all over him, like a cat in catnip, to transfer his scent onto myself.
I wished I had remembered to snag the bottle of matching scent Vanessa
got for me.

"Do you even have to shave, little one?"

"Remember my blessing and curse? I guess that kinda goes on the
blessing side. My sergeant in boot camp always admired how clean my
safety razor was. Then day fifteen he opened it and saw there was no
blade. Then the baby face jokes started. As if I needed a reminder of
how tiny I am, or how young I look, or how no one takes me seriously.
I really hate that shit."

The look on his face, I had wounded him. I reached up resting my hand
on his cologne dampened face. "Tam, my sweet, I know you mean it
playfully. I know there is no malice from you but, I must be honest, I
am not fond of it." I held up my children's toothbrush. "Although I
look like a child, I am a man. Even without the beard, that may never
be able to grow, or hair one between my legs." I wiped my hand, and
his scent, across my naked jaw line and neck. "I am however, the man
who longs to be with you."

He bent and kissed me passionately, "It was not my intent to cause
injury. I was not thinking, for that I am very sorry. Thank you for
letting me know. I know you are a man, but in our culture you are
still thought of as a child even at your age. Facial hair is often a
sign of manhood."

Unconsciously, I started combing my hair into its usual military
styled part on the side. Tamam scowled and squirted a bit of mousse
into his hands and mussed up my hair again. Taking the brush from my
hand he brushed my hair vertical again. "It really does look better
this way litt-- (he stopped himself), Jono."

I flung my arms around him and tiptoed to kiss his neck. He was
trying. "Thank you, Tamam. Nessa offered to shape it up a bit better
so it is easier to maintain when I get back."

"Perhaps we can have a spa day and take care of it on Sunday." I fell
in behind him as he strode through the suite to the elevator. "Tam,
how long will we be gone?"

"I will have you back at the hotel Sunday evening. So you have a good
night's sleep to start the week. I know your boss can be demanding."
He winked.

"Don't we need to pack, or are we coming back tonight?"

He sighed and dropped his head, "Jono, I have prepared very well for
you. You have nothing to worry about."

I dropped my head again. I knew he was proud and my questioning him
hurt his ego, "Ana asef ma kan azdi ejrahak" (I'm sorry; I didn't mean
to hurt you).

He summoned the elevator, and then kissed me softly on the forehead.
"I am uninjured. I must remind myself you are new to all this. You
have cared for yourself and others for so long it is difficult to
release control, and have someone take care of you. I heard the
affection you had for your foster parents in your voice, so I accessed
your emergency contact information and called them. Initially I was
just concerned about you as one of MY people.



The more I talked to the Ghorbani family; I knew I had fallen in love
with you. Afsoon told me how you would go without sleep for days if
one of the other children was ill. Caring for them all night, and
working the ranch all day. Jono, she told me you abandoned your
childhood when you lost your Uncle." He cupped my cheek, "That sweet
boy, is tragic. I want this weekend to be all about caring and
nurturing you. It is not pity, it is care and love."

The doors to the elevator opened and we rode down to the parking
garage. He led me to a black SUV with dark tinted windows. He helped
me into the vehicle. The leather seats were almost pillow soft. As I
watched Tamam walk around the SUV, I saw the tops of 5 or 6 pieces of
luggage. My little voice in my head said, "Damn he's good."

We exited the garage and reentered the controlled carnage that is Saudi traffic.

We headed south out of the city on Al Kharj Road. As we passed through
the city of Al Kharj I turned to Tamam, "Why am I starting to believe
regardless of where I ended up you would be there?" He continued
driving smiling knowingly. I admired the farms that popped up along
the road. It was so odd being in the middle of a desert country and
seeing green. How they controlled the water and made the desert bloom
was impressive. "Will we be swinging by the FACP to see Sasquatch?"

"It was not planned but if you would like this, I will stop." I shook
my head no. I wanted as much alone time with my man. He continued "We
must detour south. I change my route each time I travel, and there is
trouble on 522 I wish to avoid. You will love our little home in
Al-Umran." I could see the bulge rising and shifting in his trousers.
He was occasionally tugging at it, trying to put it in a better, less
binding position. My man needed release and relief again. I slid the
seat belt behind me and leaned over gently stroking his crotch through
his trousers.

"You need help with this, may I try?" He smiled and nodded. My left
hand reached over and loosened his belt, while the right continued its
task of playing with the throbbing member through the soft material. I
unbuttoned his top button and slowly lowered his fly. I slid my right
hand and stroked his cock through his sheer tight jockeys. I was
tempted to return the favor of last night's amorous adventures and rip
the sheer fabric from his hips. I was not sure how he would feel about
going commando the rest of the trip. I chose to be good and slowly
slid his long fat member from its silky prison. I wrapped my right
hand around it and slowly gave it a few gentle tugs. I leaned further
over, licking his bulbous head.

I had apparently been going too slowly because Tamam put his right
hand on the back of my head and slowly drove my mouth onto his cock.
Note to self this was about his pleasure. No dawdling if my man needed
release. I sucked and slid my mouth up and down the end of the shaft.
I was slowly trying to slide more and more of it into my willing
mouth. I knew it would never fit all the way in but I was going to
give it one hell of a try.



I tried my humming trick to get more and more of him inside my throat.
But it was an odd angle and I could not overcome the gag reflex. So I
would slowly slide my right hand up and down the portion of the shaft
that I could not fit inside my mouth while I sucked the end, for all
that it was worth. I liked my new mouth toy. I used my left hand to
play with his massive orbs, dangling below his penis.

Eventually I got into a good rhythm of tugging and pulling on his ball
sack while stroking him with my hand and mouth. He was groaning in
pleasure. This went on for about 10 to 15 minutes I do believe we may
have gone off the road a couple times. But I didn't care I wanted to
taste him. Not just the precum, I wanted his entire load in my mouth.
I felt his cock twitch I knew he was close and I buried as much of it
in my mouth as I could as he exploded. I swallowed as fast as I could,
but there was a little seepage. I couldn't contain it all.



It was salty and earthy and him. I licked and nibbled until he was
clean and then he reached down and wiped the little dribble of cum
that was dripping down my cheek and swept it back into my mouth as I
sucked his finger clean. Then I tucked his penis back into his
jockeys, slowly slid his fly up, buttoned his pants, and tighten his
belt. Giving his now drained member a soft pat I asked, "Did I do that
right?"

"Oh sweet Jono, if you had done it any more 'right' we would have
ended up in the ditch. Now sit up and put your seat belt back on. We
have more driving to do. Thank you my sweet boy." He leaned over and
kissed my head. I felt overwhelming pride in my accomplishment.

As the miles clicked by, I became very relaxed eventually doing what I
had never done in 8 years. I fell asleep in a moving car. I awoke to
the sound of Tamam announcing "We are here." We entered the gate with
his family's name stretched across the sign over the drive.

"Tamam, how much does your family know about me? How should I act?"

"They know you are special to me. They will care for you as I do. Just
be yourself Jono. Both the Banks and the Ghorbani families are well
known and admired here."

The light bulb suddenly went on when I saw the family crest on the
banner over the drive... "You are of THAT Hassan family?!? Hassan
Al-Umran Stables! Your family bought my white filly Juno three years
ago! Do you still have her? Is she doing well? Has she foaled yet? Is
Naser a cousin, or a brother?" Now I had done it, I went full kid at
Christmas on him. I do believe I saw a glint of panic in his eyes,
which I took as my queue to shut up.

"Did I not tell you 'YOU' were known to my family?" I nodded yes.
"Naser is my younger brother." Now I understood why Tamam looked so
familiar he shared his brother's eyes and jaw. "He still has Juno,
although we now call her Habeeba Al-Umran Hassan. Arabian horses
should not be named after Roman gods. As to the rest of your questions
I will leave those to him. Naser manages the equine side of the family
businesses."

My pouty lip slid out. "She wasn't named after the 'goddess.' I was
there when she was born. She had to fight to come into this world,
like I did. I was alone in the stable when her mother Fajera (Wicked
One) came to foal. It was a difficult birth. Afsoon was out at another
ranch on an emergency call, and the stable hand was in town picking up
a feed order. I had to practically drag Juno out of her mother, or we
would have lost both of them. Merhadad named her in honor of me. I can
understand the confusion though. Juno is a dumb name, 'Beloved' is
much better for a beautiful filly."

"Neither Juno, or Jono are dumb. I will have to tell Naser that story.
My father tells me your mother's family raised thoroughbred horses,
but Merhadad told me you preferred the Arabians why?"

"It's silly." Tamam pulled to the side of the drive, and rested his
hand on my thigh. "Damn you can be stubborn. Okay, I love their faces.
Uncle Jack used to say 'Arabians look like they needed to be fitted
with water wings.' I like how their heads look like sea horses, and
how they float across the grass when they run. Riding one is almost
like flying. The Arabian is just more graceful. I told you it was
silly."

"It is not silly, Jono. You simply understand." He kissed my forehead
and began driving to the compound.

"Tamam, when did you know who I was?"

He laughed "Sweet Jono, how many brilliant, cello playing, small
blonde boys lived with Iranian born foster parents who breed Arabian
horses in Fluffy Landing, Florida?" I blushed and laughed at my own
foolish question.

We pulled into a walled compound and stopped. Our car doors were
opened by staff. As I exited I told him thank you. He looked at me
surprised and closed the door. Tamam put his arm around my shoulder
and warned me to refrain from thanking the staff.

"I am sorry Tamam. You can take the boy out of the south, but never
the reverse. The way I was raised, when someone is of service you, say
thank you. I will try to do it your way." He smiled and hugged me
close.



My tummy rumbled, and his echoed. "It has been a long drive; let's get
something from the kitchen. The trip back Sunday will be faster."

"Thank you Tamam. This was the first time in 8 years I didn't get
violently car sick on a ride. I even fell asleep. It didn't feel like
3 hours. Thank you." The three young men started unloading the vehicle
and whisking the bags into a side entrance.

We approached the main entrance. The building appeared to have a six
sided central drum with a domed roof as the central structure. It had
5 wings flowing from it. Tamam told me that his father had it built
several years ago. "There are 5 family wings. One wing is for my
father and his wives. Each of the son's who remained on the estate had
a wing as well. The central hub is made up of common areas and guest
suites."

"Tamam, will I be staying in one of the guest rooms? Or will I be
staying with you? Does your family know that we are, 'intimate'?" His
head dropped again. I have got to quit disappointing this man.

He then turned and faced me. "Sweet Jono, you are both my guest, and
the family's guest. If you wish I can move you into one of the guest
rooms. I had hoped you would stay with me. The family knows that I
have been pursuing you. All I ask is that you behave as you would
normally. Most likely my father or one of my brothers will greet us.
They will acknowledge me first and then you."

He turned and we entered the entry hall. There was a double wishbone
staircase climbing either side of the hall. There were opalescent
columns holding up a balcony level which had multiple rooms and
hallways off of it. There were ornate blue oriental rugs covering the
marble like floor. We walked beneath the twin staircases to the door
on the other side and entered a magnificent great room. The room was
filled with overstuffed leather furnishings.

An older gentleman rose and approached Tamam. They greeted each other
and kissed each other's cheek. Tamam introduced me to his father Omar
who also kissed each of my cheeks three times. "You are welcome to my
home little one. If you desire anything, all you must do is ask, and
it shall be granted." I thanked him. "Tamam what do you have planned
for our honored guest today?"

"I was thinking we would have something to eat and then take the Range
Rover out dune bashing." I could feel my stomach getting queasy. One
of the videos at the hotel showed what dune bashing was. It tripped a
primal fear. Tamam looked at me, "Are you okay Jono?"

"You may have noticed I'm not exactly comfortable in fast moving cars.
I know I am safe with you, but cars still scare me. I know I'm stupid.
I'll be good regardless of what we do. Maybe it's time to just get
over this."

Omar Hassan replied, "Jono, that is not stupid, that is wise. Those
things frighten me as well."

I looked up to his father who stood at least an inch taller than
Tamam. "Sir, are there any short members of the Hassan family?" Both
Omar and Tamam laughed loud and long. Tamam grabbed my hand and led me
into the colossal kitchen. Damn, the man could raid an icebox. He
pulled out yogurt, assorted meats, cheeses and fruits. He then
demonstrated his prowess with a knife. He put together two matching
plates. Then he led me through the French doors out onto the veranda
that looked out over the fig groves.

"Your family's home and lands are lovely."

"Thank you, Jono. Both Sergeant Gilmore and Merhadad have told me of
your fight to keep your family's home. It is commendable. Is it true
you would not have taken this assignment if the financial status was
not dire?"

"I regret to say, yes. The Air Force has broken a few promises. I was
supposed to be in AWACS but they pulled it out of my career field one
week before graduation. It is very likely that I would have kept my
mouth shut when my DO asked, if Nessa had not told me to volunteer.
But everything has worked out for the best. I am taking my first steps
to rebuild our family's ranch." He reminded me to eat occasionally.

"The only lands that are not available any longer are my great
grandfather's hunting lodge in Mississippi. Merhadad and Afsoon bought
most of the open grounds in Fluffy Landing when they went up for
auction. The Ghorbani's have given me first right of sale when I can
afford to buy them back. They have also offered to sell me their
property when they are ready to retire. First, I have to save the
original homesite, it is where it all began. On top of all that, I got
to meet y'all." I ended with a huge ear to ear grin, and a deep
crimson blush.

Tam grinned as he replied, "Then I am again in all of their debt."
Gawd I loved his smile.

"I never thought I would be grateful for the state going after my
property. In a way, it is what led me to you. I learned a long time
ago that a curse can be a doorway for a larger blessing." He smiled
and ran his fingers through my hair.

We ate and then cleared away the plates. I was beginning to reach for
a dish rag when he told me leave it be, the servants would be along to
clean shortly. He led me by my hand to his wing of the home. Behind
the double French doors was a long hallway with multiple doors off to
each side. When we reached the end of the hallway we ended up in a
very large great room with a private entryway from outside.

"Why didn't we just come in through there?"

"Father likes to greet us when we come home."

"Indeed he does." A booming voice came from the left side of the room
I turned to see where it came from. Naser was grinning from
ear-to-ear. The two brothers fell on each other and kissed each
other's cheek. Then Naser walked to me then hugged me tightly. He
kissed both cheeks, "Welcome my dear little friend. I understand that
this worthless jackal and I are taking you dune bashing today. How did
he accomplish this great feat? When I visited you I could not even
talk you into riding with me in the sandrail."

"I have become a little braver in my older years." I winked at him.
"As I recall, that damned sandrail almost killed you. If I was with
you, I couldn't have ridden to your rescue." Shit! I saw Tamam raise
his eyebrow. I knew instantly Naser had not told his family about the
incident.

"Big brother, it was nothing. Jono came to my aid when I failed to
heed his wise counsel, and a price was paid." He returned his
attention to me, "I have no problem with dune bashing today Jono.
Tomorrow, I want you to look at that vicious horse you sold me. She
will not allow anyone to ride her. That and she bites. She does make
attractive and gentle foals."

"What have you done to my horse? She was always so gentle with me."

"I will pick you up in the morning and we will go to the stables." I
looked back at Tamam, wanting to know if it was okay. He nodded yes.

"Okay, I would love to know what happened to my girl. Before we head
out would you guys mind if I stretched a little? I've been cooped up
in that car for three and a half hours."

"Tamam, I will make sure the Rovers ready, while your little one prepares."

Tamam shot him a stern look, "You mean, while Jono prepares. He is not
fond of size references Naser. Let's go in an hour." My chest puffed
out not only had he remembered, he defended me.

"I am sorry Jono. I was just being playful. One hour is good." Then he
tousled my hair. I smiled and nodded. Then he departed

Tamam looked at me, "How much time do you need?"

"About 15 minutes should work. I am really stiff from the car. Why aren't you?"

He smiled as he said, "Thanks to your intervention on the way, I am not."

I blushed, as he walked away. Without workout clothes readily
available I chose to just strip to my briefs.

Five minutes had passed when he re-entered the room. I was in a deep
split, legs straight out to either side of my body and toes pointing
to the ceiling. I began a slow rotation of my torso lowering it slowly
until my forehead made contact with my right knee. I then repeated the
procedure to the left.

"Jono, it is just NOT natural for you to be able to do that!"

I smoothly turned my head towards him and smiled. "Does it offend? If
it does, I will stop." He replied no and I continued. He stood back
admiring how I was able to flow between positions. I couldn't help but
notice the rapidly swelling bulge in the front of his trousers. I
swiftly finished my floor exercises. Tamam approached, he reached down
to help me to my feet. My hands however slid up the inside of his
thighs to my prize. "It appears I'm not the only one who was stiff
from the road after all."

He reminded me his brother would be waiting. To be honest, lunch was
flying right through me. I emerged from the water closet to find Tamam
leaning against the vanity. He motioned me to come to him, and my feet
obeyed. He then examined my bottom for injury. "You heal swiftly, that
is good to know."

He led me into the steamy shower and started scrubbing me clean. I
thought this was a little foolish considering we were going to be
going out into the desert and more likely to be sweating. But, he was
Tamam, he was perfection, I obeyed.

I stole a kiss or two in between his ministrations. His shower was
odd; it had all kinds of attachments. He pulled one from its holder
and gestured for me to turn around. He gently inserted the nozzle into
my bottom and gently allowed the water to flow. He told me to clamp
down on it. I obeyed him. After several times repeating the same
process we continue cleaning each other's bodies. I got several good
kisses from him as a reward for my obedience.

We stepped out of the shower and he wrapped a towel around me and
pulled me to him. Leaning down he kissed me. "Jono, I have a surprise,
and a challenge for you, come with me. We return to the bedroom, and
he pushed me face down over the edge of the bed. My legs where
dangling while everything from my hips up were laying flat on the bed.
He started lubing my tight ass. As he slid his middle finger deep into
my bowel he made contact with my prostate which immediately caused my
hips to thrust into the mattress. Slowly he added more and more lube
and more and more fingers. I was wondering what the challenge was
because this was sheer ecstasy. Suddenly he removed his fingers from
my body. I felt so empty I started to rise and he put his hand in the
middle of my back and told me to stay. I thought this odd, but he was
Tamam he was perfection and I obeyed.

Tamam went to the closet and pulled out a wooden box, then set it on
the bed. When he opened it my mouth fell open. It was filled with all
sorts of sex toys. Silicon and metal objects in various phallic and
other shapes. Then he slid open the drawer which contained strings of
spheres of various sizes. He grabbed one string which contained 10 one
and a half inch balls made out of some sort of metal. "I think you
will enjoy these. Here is my challenge Jono. I'm going to put the
entire string in your bottom. I will give you a reward for each one
that remains when we return."

He saw the panic on my face. "Do not worry my sweet Jono; you took all
of me last night. This string is only slightly longer than, and not as
wide as I. I believe you will get great pleasure from this. If you do
not wish to try I will understand. But remember, I promised I would
not harm you, I hope you will trust me. I wish only to bring you great
pleasure. Shall we proceed?" I nodded in the affirmative.

I was surprised to find how easily each sphere slid within my
sphincter. By the time we got to the 6th ball the pressure was
intense. Inch by inch, sphere by sphere, they went in. I was beginning
to sweat as the tenth slid into my hole. My now hard five & a half
inch penis was leaking on the sheets a few little droplets of clear
fluid. The pressure within me was such that, there was an overriding
urge to bear down. I knew if that happen it would expel the invading
device and Tamam would be disappointed and that was something I would
not do. He looked at me beaming with pride.

He reached back within the case. He removed a small cylinder with a
plunge switch on the top. He laid the cylinder down on top of the bed
and returned the case to the closet. The one truth about we OPS guys,
when we see a button or switch it is hardwired into us to activate
that button or switch to find out what it does. Curiosity overtook me
as reached over and I pressed the button on the cylinder. When this
was done the string of orbs within my bowels started to vibrate in a
random series. It was almost like having little electric shocks
pass-through out my central core. The level of pleasure was beyond
words. I couldn't release the button. Tamam removed the cylinder from
my hand, and then he swatted my butt hard. "You must never touch what
is not yours."

I replied, "Anna asef, Tamam." I noticed how hard he was. He was
excited just bringing me pleasure. That had to be rewarded. With a
ragged breath I begged him, "Please my love, may I return the favor?"
I pointed to his bouncing and throbbing cock.

"You have played with my toy without my permission. Why should I let
you have yours?"

I lowered my eyes to the floor and replied, "Because I have taken the
pleasure that was yours to give me. I should return that pleasure back
to you."

He rubbed the back of my neck and told me to climb onto the bed
completely. He spun me around so that my head was facing him over the
edge of the bed at waist level. I was starting to understand all of
the tall furniture. "You took what did not belong to you. Now you will
take all that I give you without complaint or resistance." With that
he pushed back on my forehead until my mouth fell open. He told me to
put my arms to my side and leave them there.

"You will please me with nothing but your mouth. But unlike on the way
here I will be controlling all of it." Then he told me to curl my lips
over my teeth. He was in complete control and I was not going to
disappoint him again. He pushed is throbbing member between my lips
and deeper and deeper into my mouth. It seemed as if he was seeping
gallons of pre-cum. I knew this was unlikely and attempted to suck and
swallow as much of it as I could. But even still a mixture of my
saliva and his semen slowly dripped from my mouth. He continued to
push deeper and deeper.



When it hit the back of my throat I started to gag. I've been
remembered how humming helped and I started moaning. The back of my
throat felt as if it was going to split open as his cock slid deeper
down into my throat. I heard him groan loudly. As inch by inch he took
possession of my mouth, my throat, my body. At this moment I existed
for only one reason, to bring pleasure to my man. Then it happened, my
body fought back against me, and started to block him.

He told me to relax breathe through my nose, tears were streaming from
my eyes I wanted to grant him entrance but, my body was betraying me.
He reached down to the cylinder device lying on the bed. He pushed the
button on top and spheres in my bowels did their magic dance. My
throat again opened up to him as he sank it the rest of the way in. My
nose was firmly buried in his pubic hairs and I could smell his musky
scent. His cock began to twitch. I knew he would not be able to
maintain much longer. I was hoping he would pull out just far enough
that I would be able to taste his cum again. That however was my
secondary concern I disappointed him and deserved my punishment.



He grabbed either side of my head and started thrusting in and out. He
fucked my mouth hard so hard that I felt it slip. I fought so hard, I
tried to clench down with my ass but the tenth sphere popped out as
Tamam exploded down my sore throat. He slowly removed his softening
member from me pausing just before the tip cleared my lips so that I
could suck the last of his cum from it.

Once free, my head dropped over the edge of the bed as I began looking
at the floor. I had failed Tamam's challenge. "Why do you look so sad
sweet Jono?"

"I failed you Tam. I fought so hard to keep it inside me but at least
one of the spheres came out. I am so sorry."

"That was not your fault. I was too rough with you. You have not yet
learned control. This will improve in time. You did very well I am
very proud of you." He reached over and slowly pushed the tenth sphere
back where it was supposed to be. He pulled me up from the bed kissing
me gently. "Now go clean that beautiful face, before my brother comes
in looking for us." I nodded returning to the bathroom I washed my
face, and then brushed my teeth with the children's toothbrush he had
provided for me. If Tamam wished to kiss me he would taste mint not
his own seed.

Once clean again I returned to the bedroom. He had clothes laid out
for me tan trousers, a white long sleeve button down shirt that was
very loose-fitting and soft. All of the fabrics he chose for me were
very soft it was almost as if they kissed my skin. I was looking for
my silky sheer jockeys but they were nowhere to be found. I looked at
Tamam and asked if he wished me to go commando. He laughed and held up
an athletic supporter. "Tam, this garment serves almost no function
for me." He then pushed the magic button on the cylinder. With that I
understood the jockstrap was for HIS access and pleasure, not my
function. When he released the button I collapsed into his arms and
apologized for doubting him.

He pulled my head up and kissed me. "You are learning sweet one." He
sat me on the bed and knelt before me. He then recited an old Persian
poem by Abu Nuwas:

"I die of love for him, perfect in every way,
Lost in the strains of wafting music.
My eyes are fixed upon his delightful body
and I do not wonder at his beauty.
His waist is a sapling, his face a moon,
and loveliness rolls off his rosy cheek
I die of love for you, but keep this secret:
the tie that binds us is an unbreakable rope.
How much time did your creation take, Angel?
So what! All I want is to sing your praises."


He continued, "How could a man who lived so long ago describe you so well."

No one had ever called me perfect. No one had ever desired me. I
leaned forward and kissed his forehead. He then rose and continued
dressing. As I dressed, I reminded myself, Tamam is perfection. I will
obey.

"Jono, after my brother visited you at the Ghorbani Farms did you
dream of him?" I did not know whether to answer the question honestly
or not. I sucked my lower lip into my mouth and nodded yes as I looked
down. He lifted my chin up so that I would look in his eyes. "You were
very young. My brother also dreamed of you. He talked about you very
often. The night I met you, I saw why. You are as magnificent as he
spoke of you. I would like to know however, more about this sandrail
incident."

"Tamam, if anyone else had asked I would never answer. His visit to
the Ghorbani's was on one of the coldest weeks in recent Florida
history. I took him to the barn on the homesite just to show him
around. I really liked spending time with him it was kind of like
having Mike back. He saw my brother's old sandrail and really became
enamored with it. He asked if he could go out riding the dunes. I told
him no one had driven it in years.



What happened next was my fault. I should have just said no. I
honestly didn't think he could get it started. I am so sorry. He was
determined, and somehow he got the piece of crap running. He asked me
to go along, I was too afraid. He set out on his adventure but got
turned around on his way back. He was lost in the marshlands when the
sand rail broke down. When the sun set and the light mist turned to
sleet, I realized there was a problem. I set out on Fajera to find
him."

I took a deep breath, "The good thing about the sand rail was that it
was easy to track, it just took time. By the time I got to Naser he
was soaking wet and already succumbing to hypothermia. He was so bad I
actually had to help him onto the horse. Fajera actually knelt down so
I could drag your brother across her saddle. You probably don't
realize this; your brother is quite heavy.



It was too far to get him back to the main house so I took him back to
one of the old cabins near the home site. I started a fire in the pot
bellied stove and grabbed blankets and laid them out. Best way to
fight off hypothermia is direct skin on skin contact sharing body
heat. You have my word nothing happened. I have often dreamt about
reliving that night. I have a question for you, has our being intimate
caused difficulties between you and your brother?"



"First off Jono, Naser has always been reckless. He is enamored with
danger and risk. Simply put, he would have never given up on the rail.
The accident also was not your fault. I am grateful beyond words that
you saved his life. As to how he feels about us, he is jealous, but he
will obey your choice. I now understand his near obsession to return
to Fluffy Landing in time for your 18th birthday. When you enlisted at
seventeen, his plans fell apart. Yes, he still is very fond of you."

We finished dressing then we wandered back out into his great room and
out the private entrance. Naser was waiting for us in the garage. The
men spoke of extra fuel, tow ropes, and other provisions.

I asked why two vehicles for just three people. They both looked at me
as if I had said something incredibly stupid. My head took its ritual
downward dive. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Tamam reach into his
pocket. A moment later I felt the spheres work their magic again as my
back arched, I gasped, and my lips trembled. He laughed and a
befuddled Naser replied. "I forget you have no experience with the
desert. There is no 'Auto Club.' One vehicle can break down; the other
vehicle may be the difference between life and death."

Tamam helped me into the passenger side of our Rover. He gave me a
quick kiss and told me to put my seatbelt on. "Please Tam, go easy on
that button."

He had a simple reply, "I make no such bargain."

Twenty minutes later we were out in the open desert, it wasn't what I
expected. Sand on my part of the Gulf of Mexico is a white fine
powder. The sand of the Al-Hasa region had an orange tint to it, which
was truly remarkable as the light danced along its rippled slopes.
Tamam reached into the glove box and removed a pair of Oakleys, then
handed them to me. "Your eyes are far too light for our sun's
intensity." I put them on quickly.

We pulled to the side of the highway and stopped. The men got out of
the vehicles and removed some air from the tires. Four other vehicles
were doing the same. I climbed down to look around. I looked at Tamam
and asked, "Why are there no women?"

He smiled; I must have said something foolish. "Women are for having
children, men are for having fun. Please Jono, get back in the
vehicle."

Again I had erred. Dejectedly I climbed back into the Range Rover and
put my seat belt back on. When Tamam returned to the vehicle he looked
at me and said, "You must be careful little one. Boys with fair skin
and hair like yours are highly prized; the men in the other vehicles
were noticing you. You could vanish quickly in the desert. There are
many who would treat you poorly. Please obey me in these things." I
nodded and apologized. "You will learn sweet Jono."

The four vehicles belonging to the other group headed to the east.
While our two headed to the West. Despite the name dune bashing, it
was much like being on a really big, slow moving, roller coaster.
There were a lot of ups and downs and a few banks. The lack of speed
suited me fine. I don't know whether they were holding back because of
me but it was fun. The sun slowly sunk lower in the sky. After a few
hours of driving up and down the dunes it was decided we should head
back to the family home.

As we drove back to the ranch I asked probably another stupid
question. "Tamam, why did Vanessa's necklace offend you so?"

"It did not Jono. Ours is a different culture. Wearing such jewelry
openly in public with your build, might draw the attention of the
Mutaween (religious police). Delicate jewelry like Vanessa's on a
small boy, such as you it is viewed as suspect. They may assume that
you are gay. That can bring about many negative repercussions.



I wish to protect you. So it is my responsibility to teach you how to
act in public. The fact that, what the West calls, gay sex occurs in
the Kingdom is no surprise. Many men turn to boys like you for
release. It is often easier to find a male sexual partner then it is
to find a female. The laws of gender segregation are not very
conducive to finding a relationship with a woman."

"Will my father's ring cause an issue?"

"I do not believe so; it is easy enough to explain. I could easily get
you a long chain to put it on and wear it under your shirt close to
your heart." I shook my head no.

"I almost lost it once before that way, when the linked chain my Uncle
gave me broke. Dad's ring fell into the training ring. It took three
days for me combing the sand on hands and knees to find it. From that
day on I wore it on my finger first with sizing bands, until it would
stay on my middle finger. Aside from the homestead it's all I have to
hold and remember them by." I removed the ring and showed the Arabic
writing to Tamam. It read; the heart circles the family or the family
circles the heart, depending on where you started reading. I then
returned it to my finger.

"Then that settles that." He rested his hand on my thigh and patted it
slowly. His hand slid up my leg, around to the small of my back, and
then down into the waistband of my trousers he ran his finger between
my butt crack. "Just seeing if they were still in there."

We arrived back at the compound and parked the vehicles in front of
the family's garage. I must admit my lower back was hurting from
clenching my butt cheeks to keep the spheres contained as we walked. I
leaned against Tamam as we walked. Naser asked, "What is wrong Jono,
are you tired?" I nodded yes in reply.

Tamam stroked my cheek and whispered, "Not much longer sweet Jono. I
am looking forward to showing you my playroom."

Naser's eyebrow arched. "What have you done to this poor child?"

I stomped my foot as I replied sternly, "I am not a child Naser."

"Sweet Jono, would you like Naser to join us to see if you won my
challenge?" I blushed and dropped my head. He raised up my chin. "It
was not my intent to embarrass you. I know the two of you have burned
for each other. It is only fair that I share. IF it is what you
desire." Naser too was blushing. "There is no pressure, and I will
never force you to do something you do not wish to do. But you must
speak for yourself."

"I just do not want you, or Naser to think of me as a whore."

Both men laughed. Naser replied, "You were the perfect host three
years ago. You cared for my needs of lodging, food, companionship, add
to that the fact that you saved my life." He then told Tamam the sand
rail story from his perspective. He made me sound braver than I
actually was. "I did desire more as we lay beneath the blankets, but
you were far too young. I also knew you were pure. I would not take
that away from someone so young. If I can bring you pleasure nothing
would please my heart more."

I stopped and looked at Tamam, "Are you sure it's okay? You will not
think less of me?" He hit the magic button and the spheres in my
bottom began to dance. My back arched my mouth opened he lifted me off
the ground and kissed me passionately.

"Tamam, what have you done to this boy?"

Tamam turned off the remote and I collapsed gasping into his chest. "I
asked Reza to select a few toys that Jono might enjoy."

Tamam slipped his arm under my knees and carried me like a small
child. My arm draped around his broad shoulders and neck. In this
position it was very difficult to keep my bottom clenched but it felt
so good to be cared for.

Naser reached over and ran his fingers through my shaggy hair. "We
must cut this, it is too long."

We entered Tamam's side of the building. I was carried down the long
hallway to a small room with no windows. There was a huge bed in the
middle of the room. Tamam set me down standing in front of a side
chair that he then sat in. He then removed my shirt and dropped it to
the floor. He repeated the process with my trousers. I was able to
kick off my shoes and step out of the trousers. I was standing before
the two men I wanted most in the world wearing only a pair of socks
and a sheer jockstrap.

Tamam stood and walked to the edge of the bed. He then motioned for me
to approach; it was very difficult to walk, especially after he
triggered the button again. When I finally reached him, he grabbed my
arms and pulled me over his lap as if he were going to spank me. Naser
was standing off by the side of the bed removing his clothing. I had
seen him almost naked once before. His body still looked phenomenal
toned and strong. Why did these two gorgeous men want me?

Free of his clothing Naser walked to me and dropped to the floor. He
started stroking my legs until he got to my ankles where he removed
the socks from my feet. He kissed the backs of my thighs and massaged
them. Between all of the physical contact in the vibrations coming
from deep within me I was losing control. I could feel my cock
swelling to its full five and a half inches. And I started dripping
fluid from the tip. I was worried about staining Tamam's trousers.
Naser's hands went up to my waist and slowly tugged the waistband of
the jockstrap over my butt and down my legs; he was kissing each cheek
as it passed. My head rolled up and as I looked at Tamam "Now shall I
help you?"

He laughed, "I thought you were eager to get the torment over with."

"The only torment I have is not being naked with you."

"Naser play with our boy on the bed, while I prepare for him." With
that Naser scooped me off his brother's lap and deposited me on the
larger than king size bed. He then lay with his head up on the pillows
and motioned for me to come to him. It was difficult to move with a
string of balls vibrating in my bottom. I overcame the difficulties
and collapsed upon his chest. It was overwhelming to have so much skin
on skin contact with a man, other than my Tamam. He looked at me and
pressed his lips to mine. His tongue slowly slid between my lips. Damn
these Hassan boys had soft lips and powerful tongues. It was difficult
to enjoy the passion that he was showing me. I liked watching Tamam
undress. I felt guilty that I was giving myself to both of them.

That guilt evaporated as Tamam joined us on the bed. He slid my body
off of Naser until our cocks made contact with each other. Tamam then
turned off the spheres gyrations. My face was buried in Naser's thin
line of tummy hair. Taman slowly tugged on the string connected to the
spheres in my bowels. Slowly I felt them move from within me. I
twisted and contorted as the first popped out. I thought it funny it
actually made a wet plooping sound as it came out. Taman announced
"10." Was he counting down?

With very little effort I was able to slide my head down a bit further
on Naser until I was able to kiss and nibble the end of his cock. I
was running my tongue from the base of the shaft to the glands when
the second sphere exploded out of my ass "20." I was more confused but
I was a man possessed. I ran my tongue around his cockhead; he was
leaking precum by the buckets. Then the third and fourth sphere
emerged followed by "30 then 40." I wrapped my lips around Naser's
thickening rod, and sucked it like a vacuum. The fifth sphere popped
free "50, you are doing very well Jono, halfway."

Naser's hands firmly gripped my head and pushed more of his hard shaft
down my eager throat. I started to bob up and down on it pushing more
and more of it in. I have only been down on one person before and he
was busy playing with my bottom. I was eager to see if I could do it
again. His cum tasted different then his brothers, it was a little bit
bitter. I found myself wondering if it was a diet thing or genetics. I
almost had his cock fully impaled in my throat when Tamam pulled two
more out of me "60, 70".

I was cooing with delight. The 8th orb sprung from my bottom with a
shout of "80" as my nose made contact with Naser's pubic hair. I was
twisting and contorting. The stimulation was magnificent. My head was
bobbing up and down with full abandon on Naser's cock fully impaling
my throat. My lower body was thrashing as the last two spheres popped
out of me. Tamam announced $100,000.

It took a second for me to register what he had just said, I was
furious! I immediately stopped what I was doing. I removed Naser's
still hard and needy cock from my throat and mouth. I sat up and
glared with great rage at Tamam, "I am not a slut, or YOUR whore! I
damn sure am not your prostitute! Do you think I am doing this for
money?"

I started to climb off the bed. It was my intent to storm out of the
room. Naser reached out and pulled me to him. "Easy little one;
although my brother is an idiot, he does not trade money for sex. I
know your rage is great, please set it aside and listen to him."

Tamam was cradling my face in his huge hands. He looked me in the face
and began sheepishly. "I contacted Merhadad to find out how much the
tax burden was on your home site. I also asked how much it would cost
to purchase back the adjacent land from him. The two together came out
to just under $100,000. He is willing to rent the property from you to
keep the taxes current, and the property in good repair. I was not
trading our family's money for your body. Please understand sweet
Jono, for our family, money is as water. If you had a dear friend who
is dying of thirst, would you deny him a drink?"

I began to weep as Tam continued. "I know how little an Airman makes.
It does not take much to figure out, while you may be able to pay the
tax debt, you would never be able to buy back the pasture lands much
less buy breeding stock. Even if I were to never have sex, I would
have found a way to pay your burden. Our family has made far more from
just the breeding of Habeeba. Beautiful white Arabian horses are in
almost as high a demand as boys like you are." He wiped away my tears
and kissed my forehead.

I buried my face in his furry chest. "I am so sorry. You both must
think I'm a fool. Please, forgive me."

Naser was rubbing my back and replied, "No Jono, there is nothing to
forgive. You are no fool. This tactless jackal however, is often
lacking in common sense. You are proud and you have a right to be. You
have overcome much, and have not lost a gentle nature." He began
nibbling and kissing the back of my neck.

Tamam was still cradling and caressing my face. "Ana asef, my sweet Jono."

I threw my arms around his neck, "There is nothing to forgive, other
than my foolishness. You are perfection; I should have known better
and shouldn't have jumped to conclusions. What can I do to make it up
to you?" I pulled myself up to his mouth kissing him deeply. As Tamam
returned my passionate kiss, Naser began kissing his way down my
spine. What he was doing didn't feel right, it had lost the organic
sense of play it had just moments before. I felt as if I was dirty
somehow.

Once at the base of my spine he pulled my meaty globes apart and
flicked his tongue across my butt hole. It was like an electric shock
radiating through my body. I pulled myself up higher on Tamam. He
released my lips to kiss and nibble the nape of my neck.

Tamam was trying to move into a horizontal position, while Naser was
holding my hips as if his life depended on it, as his tongue burrowed
in and out of my ass. He was alternating between nibbling around the
rim of my formerly tight hole and digging his tongue within it. His
chin strap beard was tickling my butt cheeks. I would later learn this
was rimming, all I knew this day was that I loved it!

Tamam realized his brother was not going to release his great prize.
He slowly slid himself further down the bed. As he slid further away,
I was forced to slide down his body. It felt like the boys were
playing tug of war with my body. I knew one thing for sure; I was
going to be the one who wins. After what seemed like a lifetime I was
flat on my stomach resting between Tamam's powerful thighs. My skinny
arms where circling his waist. I realized I could rest on my elbows
and hold his muscular ass cheeks one in each hand. I twisted my head
to see Tamam's face. His smile told me all I needed to know. I stuck
my tongue out and flicked it across his dickhead.

My man groaned, that was all of the encouragement I would need.
"Tamam, you said all I had to do was ask... Please, lay back on your
elbows. Let me pleasure you without your assistance." He complied with
my simple request. Now I was committed, his ass pinned my hands below
him the only tools I had to pleasure him were my mouth and eager
throat. I slid my tongue up and down his shaft getting it wet and
slick. When I thought it was enough I playfully kissed the tip and
made a tight "o" with my mouth and began the long task of mouth
fucking my man. The groans coming from him told me my technique was
improving.

Naser stepped up his game, as his tongue occasionally danced across
the flesh between the base of my cock and my ass. I had to TRY to push
that out of my mind and focus on Tamam. I freely admit my throat was
still sore from the earlier activity. It did however tell me that I
could accomplish the feat. I was however determined to please the both
of them. I started to open my mouth wider to relieve some of the
pressure on Tamam's cock. It reached the back of my throat. On cue
Naser hit that wonderful spot that got me grinning again as Tam's
throbbing cock sank deeper into my throat. The sounds coming from me
were part whimpers part groans but all pleasure. My throat was
stretching around my man's swelling pulsing member. Saliva ran freely
down my cheeks and into Tamam's lap. I could sense his muscles tensing
he wanted to thrust into my mouth but he also wanted to see if I could
do it, to bring him to orgasm with nothing but my mouth.

Back on the other end Naser was reaching between my legs, while he
continued rimming me, he started slowly stroking my tiny cock,
unconsciously I started moving to my knees to give him better access.
I started bucking my hips back into him. Had to focus, had to focus on
the task at hand. I had to get Tamam to cum. It was difficult to
control my breathing Naser was doing a phenomenal job. Suddenly Naser
stopped I was cursing the absence of his tongue. He began putting his
fingers back inside my butt. I guess he figured I needed more work. I
felt something odd when his finger broke contact with my prostate it's
almost as if something was left behind but the feeling faded quickly.

I had almost impaled myself on my prize. I had just inches to go, when
I felt Naser's cock pushing firmly against my yearning ass. With all
of the tongue and oral work he had completed his prick slid swiftly
into the ass. A couple quick pushes and he was inside. I inhaled
deeply and suddenly I realized my mouth was resting within Tamam's
pubic hair. I was whimpering and twisting. Trying to push hard back
against Naser I wanted both of them inside of me so badly. I started
sliding my mouth back and forth on Tamam's throbbing member, while
Naser sank further and further into my bowels. I was starting to feel
like a pig on a spit.

I was practically squealing when I felt Naser's soft pubic hair
reaching my ass cheeks. Then he slammed home, I was fully impaled on
both ends and my body was twitching and thrusting in full abandon.
Naser reached around and began softly stroking my cock. Tamam was the
first to reach release, I felt his cock twitching I knew he was close.
I started backing off; I wanted to catch his load in my mouth. Naser
was taking long deep strokes pulling almost completely out of my ass,
only to thrust it quickly all the way back in. Tam's cock had just
cleared my throat when he let out a guttural shout. Then spilled his
load in my mouth, it was salty and sweet. He tasted so good I
tightened my lips around his prick. I swallowed as fast as I could. I
didn't want a single drop to fall into his lap and be wasted.

Naser did not want to be outdone. He was plowing into my ass with full
abandon. He was grunting and I was slamming my body back against his
cock with each thrust. My mouth now free of Tam's cock I was audibly
squealing in delight. While my ass was making wet slurping sounds. Two
or three more deep thrusts and I could feel Naser releasing his seed
deep within me. I collapsed in a sweaty mess up on Tamam, and Naser
collapsed upon me. The three of us were struggling to catch our
breath. As Naser's cock softened and slid from my ass, I looked up at
Tamam's face. He wiped the sweat from my brow and praised me saying I
did well. Naser began nibbling at my ear lobe and whispered how
beautiful I was. His cum slowly oozed out of my ass. I was playing
with Tamam's soft chest hair like a kitten plays with yarn.



I must have made a slight grimace Tam wrapped his arm around me and
asked, "What is wrong Jono?"

"I guess I was just a little too eager. Things are a little sore." I yawned.

Tamam pulled me up his body. "Are you sure?"

"Please don't spank me again I'm sorry. I didn't want you to worry." I
deployed the ultimate anti-spank weapon, my lower pouty lip.

It worked; he pulled my lip into his mouth and sucked on it then
kissed me. "I will allow it to pass this time." He tapped his index
finger on my nose and repeated, "This time. You look sleepy Jono. Did
we wear you out?" I blushed and the room began to spin, "I am sorry
Tamam, I just... don't... feel... right..." and suddenly collapsed
fast asleep on his chest.

When I awoke, Naser was gone. There was blood on the bed and backs of
my legs. I had a moment of panic, had I been injured? I looked at
Tamam he looked angry and his hand was injured. I saw the great rage
in his eyes. "You are okay? I am so sorry for ruining our fun."

He forced a smile but I could tell something was wrong, "You did not
Jono, you clearly need to sleep," he lifted me off the bed and carried
me through the second playroom door into the master bath. The
oversized Victorian slipper tub was already filled with scented water.
I was groggy as the room swayed and spun. It was as if I was falling
through a wall of fog when Tamam set my feet down on the warmed stone
floors. He helped me into the huge tub. My legs felt like rubber.

When the hot water made contact with my aching backside I cringed and
whimpered aloud. How could something burn and be soothing at the same
time? I swear I must have fallen asleep occasionally as I leaned
against him. He was caring for me like I was a small child. For the
first time in a long time I didn't mind it. Just like I didn't mind
the occasional "little one" comments, but only from him. It seemed as
if we just gotten into the tub when he started getting us out. I knew
some good amount of time had passed because the water was starting to
get a chill.

I was feeling so completely wiped, it was as if my whole body was a
limp rag. I felt like my body's strength was an open bottle that
somebody had poured all of the energy out of. Tamam told me not to
worry it was just a long day and I needed sleep. I leaned into him as
he dried us with the large soft bath sheets. In the past I've been
able to stay awake for three days solid during deployments only to
return home, shower, and hit the town. Why was I so exhausted now?
When we entered the master bedroom my legs buckled, and Tamam quickly
caught me. He scooped me up and carried me to the bed. "I am so sorry
Tam. I don't know why I am so tired."

"You have had a very long day Jono, full of many new activities. I
would be surprised if you weren't sleepy." With that he dressed me in
my camel colored silk jammies. He then pulled down the covers and
tucked me into his bed. When he climbed in the other side I rolled
over and asked if I may snuggle for a while. "To your heart's content
sweet one." I rested my head on his shoulder and my arm slung across
his furry washboard abs. His left arm stretched down my back landing
on my left ass cheek. He kissed my forehead and I drifted back into a
deep sleep.



-- Continued

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Fri, 18 Aug 2017 19:14:08 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home Ch. 02 (Gay Male)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html
________

Chapter 2 - A Need For Education

Oh, how I hated that alarm. After one year of sleeping on Government
Issue sheets, this bed was heaven! The silk pajamas where so soft and
cool on my skin, coupled with the at least 2000 thread count Egyptian
cotton sheets. I really didn't want to get up. The phone rang, "Jono,
you outta that rack yet?"

"Nessa, Puhleeeeeease can I get 5 more minutes...." I whined.

"Right there with you slut puppy. But, we gotta get moving if we want
breakfast Taz."

"Breakfast is overrated. But gimme 10 minutes and I'll meet you at the
elevator, and Nessa, stop calling me slut puppy." I went to the door
to see if my laundry returned. When I saw it was, I stowed it away
quickly. I looked at the clock and went into panic mode. I took a 3
minute shower, squared away a fresh short-sleeve shirt. Dressed and
checked my gig line as I dashed to the elevator. As usual Vanessa was
5 minutes late. I looked at my watch and mockingly scowled as she
approached.

"Jono my sweet little 'SP' not one word. Let's get some chow. You have
got to be starving." I pleaded with her to please stop calling me
that. "Jono, sweetie, we have to meet with the quartermaster and
requisition a sense of humor for you." She playfully pecked my cheek,
"Thanks again for the 'food' save last night hun." We had a good meal
and headed down to the parking garage to catch the bus to the site.

We entered the briefing room, and grabbed our cups of crew life's
blood, aka coffee. Given last night was so short I would be living on
this stuff today. We settled into our seats. Captain Nelson approach
the podium and began, "The grip and grins are over it's time to get to
work. Before we begin there are two assignment changes. A1C Banks, the
host nation has requested you be re-posted to Riyadh. Their folks are
having trouble with manual load times on the 407-L system. Your DO
confirmed you have 'wicked awesome' training skills in that regard. I
need to get them near the standard 30 minutes they are currently
averaging 60 to 90 minutes. I know you're not an AST, maybe we can fix
that while you are here."

I responded "Yes sir!" and sat down.

"Tech Sergeant Sasquamo, sorry to say that means I need you in Al
Kharj. I understand you are a master of manual operations, I could
really use your skills there."

For all his bluster about knowing all "my tells," Sasquatch really
sucks at poker. He shouted out in mock disappointment, "Whatever the
Air Force needs sir!" Then he turned and shot me a happy grin.

Vanessa was so happy; her nails were actually digging into my arm.

Then we got down to the meat and potatoes of why we were there. The
tech briefings went on for a couple of hours and then our good Captain
returned to the podium with the safety briefing.

"Ladies under no circumstances do you go out in public without an
escort, long sleeves and full length skirt. While the burqa that was
issued is not mandatory, it is highly encouraged. A1C Banks stand-up"
I stood "Anyone who looks like him does not go out in public without
an escort, trousers, shirt with long sleeves and a tie or band
collar." Vanessa saw the confused look on my face in addition to the
blush filling my cheeks and mouthed the words 'slut puppy!'

Apparently my blush then turned into a deep maroon against my light blue shirt.

At that point the good Captain said, "Outstanding, I see some tactless
fool has informed Jono why. It's a different culture people and there
are some here who would prize an attractive American woman, or a
skinny pale blonde kid as a trophy. Covering exposed skin will protect
you from two things; skin cancer and those who would prey on you. Sit
down Jono before the blood loss from that blush gets you dizzy and you
fall down!" The room erupted in laughter as I sunk back into my chair.

"Those of you who have food allergies that can cause anaphylaxis raise
your hand. I will encourage you before you leave today to get with
Jono about local foods you may want to avoid. When in doubt ask before
you eat. Jono, can you do some restaurant order flash cards for each
of them saying 'Severe Allergies, does this contain _____.'"

I replied, Yes sir."

He then went after Nessa, "Those of you who have allergies that can
cause anaphylaxis and have forgotten their epi-pens at their primary
duty station keep your hands up." Vanessa's hand was the only one that
stayed up. "AH, my favorite tactless fool... You Sarge have earned a
trip to the dispensary. There you will be issued two epi-pens and a
handy carrier. The rest of you go get some lunch across the way at the
combined mess."

As soon as the Captain cleared the door with Nessa, I was ambushed by
four very nervous eaters. Taking each, one at a time through the
serving line, I pointed out foods they should avoid based on their
specific allergy. I also told them how to ask if food contained their
allergen, I wrote it down on cards for each of them to show restaurant
staff while ordering. I told them keep the cards close and use them
whenever ordering because some foods can vary between regions. For
example, Kabsa most of the time contains pine nuts, but on occasion
cashews or almonds are substituted.

Once that was done, I was about to put myself through the line. I
performed a brisk 'about face' slamming straight into the chest of the
person standing behind me. The mess hall erupted in laughter. Based on
the smell alone I knew who it was. "I am so sorry Captain Hassan. I am
running out of feet," I then looked up. I loved the confused look on
his face. "I keep trying to start off on the right foot with you and I
keep screwing it up."

He smiled, "My fault entirely I was standing too close. I wanted to
watch you teach your betters. Is that your technique?"

"Not quite, for operations I prefer using the tried-and-true
demonstration performance method. In this case it boils down to I have
knowledge they need to survive. I knew I had their absolute attention.
Still, I can't imagine going through life with that constant thought
that the next bite of food could kill me, especially since I have to
eat so often."

"I agree. Jono, would you mind if I dined with you. I have questions
on your training style and if we can help get our peoples load times
up towards yours."

I laughed, "This is gonna sound like a boast, and it isn't. Even
Vanessa can't get to my level. I have several unfair advantages. I
have nimble fingers, I am rated at typing 175 to 200 words per minute,
and I commit the software load to memory." He smiled and we loaded our
trays. As we walked to the table, I felt like I was such a child next
to him.

His first name Tamam meant "generous" or "perfection" clearly he was
the latter. His butt cheeks looked like two hams wiggling in the same
gunny sack. Wait that was a weird thought. Why am I calling another
dude's physique perfection? Why do I keep losing myself into his eyes?
Why the hell does he look so familiar? It must be the lack of sleep.

As we ate he asked how we could improve his people's load times. I
told him that was probably a matter of motivation, not intelligence. I
went on, "When our unit started using me to help train the ASOs and
ASTs manual loading 6 months ago the load times improved. No one likes
being shown up by an E-2, with only 6 months on active duty.
Especially one who looks like me."

I chuckled "Now that I'm a 'mighty' E-3 that may change but, I doubt
it. We also chose to deviate from the technical order and make manual
loading a two person job to eliminate single point failures. One
person enters the data and the other must verify it. That may be
something you might want to try in the future. In addition once
everyone is sure of their own jobs you might want to look at cross
certifying them. It will give you increased operational flexibility."

The Captain thanked me for my insights. At that point Vanessa and
Captain Nelson returned from the dispensary. They brought their trays
over to our table. I must admit I was a little disappointed that I was
losing this alone time. Was that a weird thought? Nope chalk it up to
being introverted and the group growing.

Captain Nelson thanked me for assisting the other allergy sufferers.
"It worked out for the best." I replied, "It gave the Captain Hassan
an opportunity to see my training style with superiors and a chance to
test some of my boasts." I looked at Nessa "I think we may want to
take the approach we took in Basdahl. I glanced at a few of the
training files the Captain has been flipping through. I assumed you
were testing my eidetic memory claim?" OH MY GOODNESS HE BLUSHED, with
the blood rushing into his cheeks he was either embarrassed about
getting caught or getting pissed that I overstepped my bounds, again.

"You could read those files, in Arabic, upside down, and from across
the table?" He asked.

"Please forgive me sir, I could read it upside down and from across
the table if it was written in ancient Persian or Semitic cuneiform.
If I went too far I am sorry."

"Well Jono, I will have to tell my fellow Saudi's to remember their
coversheets. There is nothing to forgive you did warn me about your
memory."

Vanessa chimed in, "Jono's security clearance had to be raised almost
as soon as he got to the squadron. The wing commander forgot to use
his cover sheets. Jono only saw the document for a second or two, and
read back the entire report to him. He then went on to point out flaws
in their plans and outdated information. Now he serves in the
intelligence section of the unit's battle staff. He is very likely to
become our squadron's Airspace Management Coordinator or work in the
MPC when he makes E-4 Senior Airman.

I blushed and continued my assessment. "I would like to bruise their
egos a bit. Create a little friendly competition among the Saudi
trainees and I. Once they see how fast the load should be done by
someone, they already look upon as a child. It will prick their
machismo and drive them harder. I have no doubt most, if not all, will
hit the twenty minute mark. This approach does tend to ruffle feathers
Captain; I might need someone running interference."

Captain Hassan replied, "I believe your Senior Director can do that with ease."

I responded with a traditional "Yes sir."

"Airman Banks, Captain Hassan is your SD. You, Sgt Gilmore, and I are
his day shift Air Surveillance training team. We have certified Saudi
Search Scope Operators already available here. That is why I had you
slated for Al Kharj. I hate to admit that would have been a waste.
Now, you can focus on training for your own AST qualifications while
you co-instruct the Saudi ASOs and ASTs with Vanessa and I. Once you
are certified, Captain Hassan has approved Vanessa to start training
to be a Senior Director Technician."

I was doing an internal happy dance. Do to your security clearance I'm
going to be using use you as my acting Intel NCO and classified
runner. Add to that with your linguistic skills, I will likely be
using you heavily for diplomatic encounters. We will be going to
Embassy row quite a lot. You will find among the various embassies the
famous 'day that ends in y party' is quite common. For these events
you will be required to have a mess dress."

I quickly replied, "That might be an issue sir, junior enlisted people
are not issued mess dress. I do have my semi-formal, will that be
sufficient?" He nodded.

Several days passed and training was going along well. I had read and
committed the local software package to memory, to the amazement of
the civilian contractors. I failed to share that information with my
fellow trainees, thus ensuring that I was always a step ahead of them.
I was right; it was risky to bruise their egos, but nothing that
couldn't be controlled. Captain Hassan and Captain Nelson had no
trouble stepping in when tempers started to get a little out of
control. By the end of the first week even the slowest trainee got his
time down to 40 minutes, and the rest hit the 30 minute mark. My AST
training was going well. Vanessa said I was ready for my eval
(evaluation). However recommended I sit on it for a week or so. Get
the host nation trainees out first.

Each day had become the same routine. Breakfast, the bus ride to the
base, two training sessions in the morning, a third after lunch (or
evals), 2 hours for paperwork, and we ended the day with a group
meeting of the instructors. We discussed the status, strengths, and
weaknesses of each trainee. We also discussed problems that we had to
get around. Then we would get back on the bus ride back to the hotel,
get dinner, go to bed and start it all over again.

I had accompanied Captain Nelson to several Embassy functions, and was
becoming quite popular amongst the various allied embassies respective
staffs. The highlight of my days however, seemed to center around
lunch times. It was almost as if Captain Hassan was going out of his
way to dine with me. I was so grateful every weekend was a three-day
weekend. Because we were a hybrid crews we had every Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday off to accommodate both cultures. The tradeoff was the need
for longer workdays during the week.

Thursday, morning training went long, and I was one of the last people
seated in the instructor's lunchroom. Fortunately for me Captain
Hassan continued what had become a daily ritual as he sat down at my
table. He wanted to let me know there were in fact some Saudi troops
complaining about a tiny child teaching them.

He smiled, "Your plan is working well. After just two weeks everyone
was under 30 minutes. On top of that impressive fact, a few of the
primary crew is certified. The Command and NATO staffs are very
pleased. Oh, and I have this for you from our supply sergeant." As the
last instructor departed, he slid a new star headset package to me.
"You shouldn't have to be pulling a headset out of the equipment
locker. They so rarely work the first time." The headset was the same
type used by the weapons cell. Everyone in the surveillance cell
coveted them.

I smiled, "Thank you for the headset. As for the trainees, my goal was
to get them under 20 minutes before their evals. With the next group
I'll start doing a little more praise and make it more of a positive
game. The complaints should fade from here on. Instead of competing
with me they will start competing with each other."

"I would like to know more of this game play, Jono. Perhaps we could
discuss it over dinner."

"I would like that sir." His first middle name, Aza meant 'comfort,'
how appropriate. Whenever I talked to him I wasn't nervous like other
senior officers made me, it was odd. It was as if we connected, it was
very comfortable and pleasant. "When would you like to meet in the
hotel restaurant?"

He smiled, "Jono, since you have arrived in my city you have seen the
hotel, a few stuffy embassies, and this base. I think it is time you
see my city. Do you have any civilian clothes with you?" I told him
just a couple pairs of 501 jeans and a couple dress shirts. He shook
his head then smiled and touched my hand, "We can fix that. I will
collect you at 6 for a bit of shopping and a late supper."

He put his fist under my chin and raised my head up. Without warning
he leaned in and tenderly kissed my forehead. I know kisses could mean
many things and a kiss on the forehead was normally showing that you
were cared for. I was confused by his action. I blushed a deep red and
dropped my head. All I could think of was to finish the conversation.

"Sorry about the clothes, sir." Sight unseen what I had was not
acceptable. I should have been angry but I wasn't.

The eval team had the ops center for the afternoon. The unaffected
trainees were released for the weekend. Vanessa and I got a jump on
our paperwork and I used the extra time to prepare for my eval by
rereading manuals, regulations, and orders I had read a dozen times
already. In other words, I was wasting time. I was enjoying the
silence alone with mamma bear. She broke the silence playfully, "Baby
bear, what's going on. It's been an hour and a half; we are so far
behind on gossip."

"Jus thinkin Nessa."

"Spill it Taz, what's going on?" she demanded.

"Someone wants to take me to dinner to talk about the Saudi's training plan."

Her eyebrow cocked on one side, "Could that someone be a certain Saudi
field officer with a penchant for blonde boys in silk jammies?" I
blushed. "I will take that as a yes, please continue..."

"It's not like that. Now that the guys have the basic skills down, he
is curious about team building." I replied defensively.

"Sweetie, if it was just about training, he would be in here..."

"He is busy supporting the evals."

"You know what I mean. Jono, I love you like a brother, but you are so
blissfully naive... If you keep taking everything at face value you're
gonna end up alone, or saddled to a pushy jerk who makes all the
choices for you. When you grab your headset from the equipment locker
almost every pair of Saudi eyes, and a few of the Air Force ones, are
on that cute little bubble butt of yours. That includes Hassan. Just
be careful I don't want you hurt. The most the Air Force can do is
court-martial you and throw you out. Remember here they 'can' and do
imprison and occasionally kill people caught in homosexual acts in
this city. Riyadh, while beautiful, is the single most conservative
city in the whole country."

 A chill ran down my spine, I nodded and she hugged me. "Trust me this
IS a date. He is really digging you. Hell, Jono, he is even pumping me
for Intel on you. Sergeant Dennis told me, he pulled YOUR emergency
contact sheet from the orderly room. I'll stop by and help you get
ready. If I am right, you should find a way to warn him about your
little 'issues.' I have to get a few things you will need, be back
soon."

I almost asked what things, and then I remembered Vanessa knows
everything. I smiled and returned to my reading materials. Ten minutes
later she returned with her purse clasp straining. I raised an eyebrow
in confusion. "Don't be so nosy, you'll see later. The Operations
Director just approved our early departure. Let's catch the bus or the
duty driver." We stowed the classified materials, locked the safes,
and dashed for the transportation building.

The whole ride back I was lost in thought. Was Vanessa right about
Hassan's intentions? I was excited, but nervous and confused at the
same time. Was I gay, straight, or something in between. It was true;
I was interested in Hassan and eagerly looked forward to seeing him,
when he spent time with me my world stopped.

Was what I thought I felt with Vanessa just a close friendship,
extreme gratitude, fantasy, or infatuation? Sexuality often confused
me. In school I was always the little kid who didn't fit in, or the
dorky big brain in the tiny body. No one ever expressed interest in my
physically. I lived most of my life friend-zoned by one person or
another. It sucked but I eventually came to accept the fact I would
probably have a celibate life.

Nessa came up to my room shortly after we returned to the hotel. I
looked at her and shared my concerns. I confessed the fact that when I
was tutoring the jocks back in high school, I sometimes had desires.
Vanessa always dropped those not so little hints that she questioned
my sexuality and I was curious how she knew if I didn't.

Vanessa answered my concerns and questions. "Jono, did I ever tell you
about my brothers?" I shook my head; I always thought she was an only
child. "Okay, story time sweetie." She patted the mattress next to her
for me to sit down. "I come from a family of 5. I'm the baby of my
family, just like you. The three of us kids were born a little more
than a year apart. My folks were very religious people. You know real
bible thumpers. They were constantly dragging us to one church meeting
or another.

One Sunday afternoon Cal finally snapped. That day, he didn't just
come out of the closet; he took a ten pound sledgehammer to that
sucker. He told my folks he had enough hearing how his 'lifestyle
choice' was a sin and damning him to hell. My dad freaked out, there
was shouting, it got ugly, and dad threw him out of the house. I
haven't seen or heard from him since. Richie was the middle kid. He
was sweet, smart, talented, and so very shy. You remind me of him so
much."

She hugged on me. "Richie idolized Cal, the way I idolized Richie.
When dad threw Cal out, something inside Richie just broke. Richie had
been dating a guy for almost a year before Cal started dating guys. He
was too terrified to tell anyone he was gay. He hid his secret from
everyone but me. His boyfriend was one of Cal's classmates. Alex was
out, loud, and proud. Alex hated hiding their love and gave Richie a
very 'douchie' ultimatum to come out or he would leave him. Richie saw
no way out, so he made his own after taking dad's gun."

I put my arms around her. She didn't have to complete that thought.
"Jono, I love you like my brothers and never want you in the position
where you think there is no other option. As to how I know about your
sexuality, I don't know if you are gay, but I have learned to trust my
gut. This is for you," as she opened her purse and handed me a paper
bag from the dispensary. "Go into the bathroom, use this, or don't, it
is your choice. If you do, follow the instructions on the boxes. Then
shower, try the sandalwood scented soap, I think you will like it.
I'll be out here seeing what kind of outfit we can pull together..."

When I got into the bathroom I started laying the contents on the
counter. Each was labeled using grease pencil. Damn, she thought of
everything. I knew how the enema/douche bag should work thanks to all
of the months in the hospital and my chronic bowel obstructions thanks
to all of the pain meds. "Need help Sweetie?"

I replied, "Sadly no, I know how all this works."

"Jono honey, two pairs of 501s and a couple dress shirts are NOT a
wardrobe!" After the fourth enema, clean clear water dumped into the
toilet. Trusting Nessa, I grabbed her 'soap choice' and jumped into
the shower. It was a good choice, it smelled great. When I stepped out
of the shower I heard, "Dry your body, put on your robe and get out
here."

I reached for my cologne, "Touch that fucking Halston I'll break your
fingers!" How did she know? When I stepped out she grabbed my hand and
led me to the desk chair. She grabbed my brush and started sweeping my
hair back... The terrors of the past struck again, I was in full panic
mode! When those terrors arrive my voice begins to stammer.

I put my hands up, grabbing hers trembling "N-no... not that way."

"What's wrong babe? It shows more of your beautiful face. You
shouldn't hide it."

"It shows my sc-scars. I w-will look like a fr-freak."

She pulled me up and hugged me, then led me to the full length mirror.
As she stroked my hairline she spoke softly, "Oh my sweet Jono, those
itty-bitty lines are barely visible. The surgeon did an outstanding
job. Hon, what do you see in the mirror?"

I glanced then dropped my gaze down. "I am broken, this is st-stupid,
no one is gonna want me. He will take one look, and la-laugh, or worse
he's gonna recoil in fear..." I was shaking and tears were streaming
down my face as she put her finger to my lips. She pulled my head down
and kissed my forehead. She untied the belt of my robe, then stepped
behind me and let the robe fall to the floor.

"Jono, look up. What do you see?"

Trying to make light of the situation I said, "I see a hairless tiny
dicked Chihuahua." The joke earned me her annoyed look, so I answered
honestly. "I see a monster, a scarred up man, who is trapped in a
child's body."

She wrapped her arms around me pulling me close. Then looking into the
mirror over my shoulder she said, "Here is what I see honey. I see a
beautiful young man in pain. A man who cares for others more than
himself. A man who was pushed too far, too fast by life and is still
standing. A man anyone would be proud to call friend or lover." She
turned me away from the mirror and hugged me close. "Lastly
sweetheart, if he does reject you, I will personally rip his nuts off
and feed them to him! Trust me that is not going to happen. Let's
finish getting you ready." Then she kissed my head again and brought
me back to the chair.

She teased my hair into soft spikes, "If you like it, we can cut and
shape it later." Once that was done I had to admit it did look nice.
For the first time in years I barely noticed my surgical scars. Nessa
laid out my jeans, and my black Nehru collar shirt. She said the white
shirt would make me disappear and to it save it for embassy parties.
Whereas the black one would make my face stand out. Gee that's the
last thing I wanted. "Okay Jono, I got this just after I saw that
spark between you two. I think you'll like this better than that
stinky Halston." She pulled out a small bottle and sprayed my face and
neck. "If I am right, it should blend nicely with his scent."

She had me stand again, and then looked me over from top to bottom.
"Jono, it still needs something." She ran to her room and came back
with a small necklace with a crescent moon medallion. She put it over
the band collar and the moon dangled on my sternum. Vanessa then said
"Perfect" and kissed me on my cheek.

She went to my phone and forwarded it to her room. "Just in case
you're not back for bed check. Have fun sweetie; call me when you get
back."

I was so very nervous when I made it to the lobby. I had seen the
piano several times. I have learned to ask before touching anyone's
instrument. As I approached the desk I was greeted with the usual
smile and, "Mr. Banks, how can I help you today?"

"Is it okay if I play a bit of classical music on the piano? It has
been a few weeks and I miss it. If the quality is not good enough just
hold up a hand and I will stop."

He smiled and agreed. "Please, no western 'pop' music." I played a few
short pieces he smiled and nodded okay, then went back to his tasks. I
was almost finished with Chopin's Nocturne when the Captain entered
the lobby. To my surprise he almost walked past me. I cleared my
throat, "Captain?"

He spun around in surprise. "Jono, that is magnificent. I didn't know
you could play that well." How on Earth did he know I played piano at
all?

"Thank you, you have a forgiving ear. Not everything makes it into a
service jacket. I prefer to play the cello, but I have never been able
to walk away from a grand piano. It is difficult to travel in the
military with a piano and cello in your duffle bag." As we walked past
the desk I thanked the clerk for letting me play. He smiled and
nodded.

Tamam said, "I like what you've done to your hair. It looks better."

As we approached the valet station I dropped my head again. "Was I
supposed to meet you outside? I am so sorry."

"No, I had assumed that I would collect you from your room. This was
far better. After all, I was able to hear you play." I smiled and
blushed.

There was the sound of screeching tires as a black sedan with dark
tinted windows approached. The valet hopped out and presented the keys
to the Jaguar to the Captain. Captain Hassan escorted me to the
passenger side and opened the door for me. As we sped away from the
hotel, I swear he was accelerating so fast he missed every other gear.
It was like being in a rocket ship.

It was at that moment I realized I really had to know. "Captain could
you pull over for a second."

He stopped the vehicle on the side of the road. "Are you feeling ill?"
He thought I was going to throw up, I still might.

"No sir. All of this is very new to me and if I am misunderstanding
please forgive me. Tonight's dinner is not about discussing the
training plan is it?"

He rested his hand on my thigh and said, "I admit, I am hoping for more."

I swallowed hard I knew this was the moment Vanessa warned me of. I
had to tell him. I asked him to turn on the dome light. I showed him
the scars in my hairline. Then he turned the light off. "The crash did
a little more to me than just take my family." I put my hand on his I
wanted him to feel how nervous I was. "The impact caused a few cranial
fragments to transect my pituitary gland. This resulted in a lack of
hormones being produced. Specifically th-the hormones that control..."
 My voice dropped to a shamed whisper, "...puberty. Some things, like
body hair, never fully developed.

I'm not telling you this to make you n-nervous, or for p-pity you just
deserve to know. I've never b-been with anyone EVER. No one has ever
expressed interest in me. I don't know what you're looking for. I just
wanted you to know what I cannot give. If you're still interested in
me, I want to learn from you. If not, y-you can take me back to the
hotel, without recriminations."

He slid his hand up my abdomen and chest and softly cupped my right
cheek turning my face towards his. "Beautiful, intelligent, and
honorable; Jono, I wish to only show you love and pleasure, nothing
more. We will go as slowly as you wish, and I will never force you to
do anything, or harm you in any way." His hand slipped from my cheek
to the back of my neck and pulled my lips to his. His lips were warm
and soft. His soft chin strap beard prickled and softly scraped my
face. I never expected such passion from just a kiss, he didn't even
use tongue. He released his hold and smiled at my contorted frame.
"Sit up, and adjust your seatbelt. We have reservations.

"Sir, we could grab falafel and go straight to your place for all I
care right now." gasping for breath.

"Jono, in uniform it is Captain or sir. Like this I am Tamam or Tam.
As to your novel suggestion of falafel, I do not wish to precede that
quickly. You are a precious treasure and deserve to be pampered, and
won. I promised to show you my city, and that is precisely what I will
do this weekend. I will show you my city, and my home."

"Tamam, you had me at pajamas." He laughed. "Exactly how did you get
pajamas that fit me so well at midnight?"

"Be patient Jono and you will see."

"Wait, did you say all weekend? I have to call Vanessa; she is going
to try covering my bed check tonight. I don't know if she can do it
all weekend."

He laughed, "There will be no bed checks. Your Captain understands
where you will be, and with whom." He saw my look of panic. "Don't
worry he cannot turn you in, without turning himself in as well."

The light came on, "I am such an idiot! He is seeing Lt Nejem! If
Vanessa figures it out, she is gonna be pissed."

"Jono, first, how did you figure this out? Second why will the
Sergeant be angry?"

"Tamam, you may wish to warn the Captain to put his necklace with
'star' written in hieroglyphics on a longer neck chain, I believe
Nejem is Arabic for 'star'. As for Nessa, it means she is the only one
not with someone. That and the fact she is kinda crushing on Capt
Nelson." We laughed.

In about 15 minutes we were in the center of the city as we pulled up
in front of a store. Clearly, this was not for dinner. I noticed the
logo on the sign in the window was the same as the logo on the box
that contained my pajamas. Tamam led me inside. The shop owner smiled
and approached Tamam and greeted him warmly, I was ignored.

Tamam pointed in my direction and spoke very fast. I heard something
about riding pants, shirts, boots and shoes. Three assistants slipped
into the room and pulled me to a standing riser. They then started
taking measurements from all angles and hollering out to the fourth
man who was taking notes. I had enough! "Sir, what's going on? I have
been buying my own clothes for years now."

Tamam waved them away and approached he held my chin and said, "Little
one, this is how things are done here. This is my personal tailor. He
does not fit westerners in this shop. They are doing this for me.
Please do not embarrass me. Tomorrow we will be going to my family's
home in the country. I must make sure you are ready for everything.
Trust me little one."

I smiled dropped my head and replied softly, "Sir, I am sorry. Would
it help them to know I am half Arabian?" I batted my long thick
eyelashes at him. Tamam stepped back laughing.

The measurements must have been completed because I was led to a soft
blue wing back chair next to Tamam. He was sitting chatting with the
owner. My military training kicked in as I sat next to him silently.
My stomach growled so loud both heard it. I looked at Tamam and
whispered, "Ana asef..." The owner smiled as if I had said something
cute.

Tamam asked, "Jono, when was the last time you ate?"

I hung my head, "Lunch at noon with you, sir. I usually eat dinner at
1700. I'm sorry sir; I should have had a snack when you said late
supper."

The owner spoke to Tamam, and he nodded.

Moments later a small plate of dates and figs were set on a table next
to me. With a champagne flute filled with apple juice and sparkling
water. I dropped my gaze to the table and said thank you. I asked,
"Tamam is this someone's meal? I don't wanna take food away from
someone else." Again he and the owner laughed.

The owner said in English, "No little one, you are not my first
customer who has come in with a hollow belly. But you are by far the
most charming..." He added, "Like most Arab boys." I blushed bright
red as I turned my head back to Tamam. He rifled his fingers through
my hair then returned to selecting outfits for me. Note to self: watch
your tongue. Many speak English here, they just choose not to. Who
knew they were French, I mused.

The mood changed. I apparently had endeared myself to the owner as he
started asking me for input. The dominant color Tamam chose for me was
white. I looked at him and told him I would wear it, if it pleased him
but, I told him I tend to disappear in white. The owner agreed and had
one of the boys bring out a fabric sample book. Tamam asked what my
favorite colors were. My favorite was the light reddish brown (like a
camel), greens, and blues of all shades.

Tamam asked, "Jono, do you ride?"

"Would that be horses or motorcycles? I have ridden both since I could
walk, sir."

"I was speaking of horses. But, it is good to know about the
motorcycles. Back to the horses Western or English tack."

"Both, but I prefer Western sir. Both at my family's and the
Ghorbani's ranch we had international customers, requiring us to train
the horses to handle both types of tack.

"You will be using English on our horses." He then told the owner
something about silk linings

"Is this where you got those wonderful jammies?"

The owner replied with pride, "Indeed he did, little one. You are most
fortunate that I had some children's sizes available. Did you prefer
the royal blue or the jade?"

"The jade sir. I wear blue all day, the change was nice. Thank you so
much for opening so late and delivering them to the hotel." Tamam
rifled my hair again. I guess I was talking too much again.

I smiled and went back to munching on the figs, and dates, and sipping
my Saudi champagne. After about an hour or so the boys zipped into the
room with an ensemble. They whisked me behind a screen to change. I
was down to my government-issue boot camp skivvies. I realized even
those had to go when a pair a very sheer black jockeys came over the
screen. Tamam thought of everything. He wanted this weekend to be
special. The aqua band collar shirt came over next followed by the
softest wool trousers. I put Vanessa's necklace over the shirt. I then
stepped from behind the screen.

Tamam smiled at first until he saw the chain. He stepped forward and
removed it. He held his hands towards my eyes saying, "These are the
only jewels you need." He asked for a box for the chain. Again I was
ushered back to the wing-back chair and silky, sheer, black dress
socks were placed on my feet. They were followed by a pair of butter
soft leather shoes that replaced my Wellington Boots with the 2 inch
heels. I wondered to myself if they had platforms, but, wisely kept
that thought in my head.

I was feeling overwhelmed by his generosity. He looked at me and
asked, "What is wrong little one. Do you not like them?"

"No sir, I love it all but, it's too much."

He smiled and whispered in my ear, "Jono, you are worth it, this and
so much more. It gives me joy to make you happy." I blushed.

My old clothes were folded neatly and put in a bag and presented to
me. The owner put the box with Vanessa's chain in the bag.

The owner smiled and presented me a bundle which contained four more
pairs of silk jammies 1 in burgundy, 1 in Jade, and 2 in light reddish
brown (the color of camels.) "Please take these, with my complements.
You are always welcome in my shop, sweet prince." I looked at Tamam
who smiled and nodded. The two of them continued their discussion. I
heard something about a morning delivery. I think Tamam said that
would be acceptable.

We then returned to the Jag. I looked up the street to see if anyone
was watching. Then I turned in my seat and kissed Tamam softly on the
cheek and thanked him so much for making me feel so special.

"You did very well. I have never seen Hamza ever warm to a Westerner.
You have made me proud." He reached over and grabbed the back of my
neck again and pulled me into a tight passionate kiss. His tongue
slipped through my lips as my mouth opened to accept it. His wrestled
mine to submission; it wasn't much of a fight. My back had arched, and
my legs, came up, curled, twisted, and were touching my bottom. When
we broke our embrace he looked at me and asked, "How can you twist
that manner?"

"Years and years of gymnastics my Lion. That is what Asad means
doesn't it, Lion? Have I been your prey this whole time?"

"Indeed you are correct young Jono. However, I believe it is you who
are the predator who has ensnared my heart. I have a question for you.
You have taken the time to learn what my name means. Does your name
have meaning? I have tried asking everyone, what does Jono mean? No
one has been able to answer me." I laughed. He looked at me as if I
was mocking him.

"Please, Tam it is just a funny story. I have never told anyone, not
even Vanessa." There was a look of pleasure that spread across his
face. He would have something of mine to share with me alone. "In the
Banks line traditionally they named their children after the
grandparents. My brother was named Mikaeel Ezekiel after both our
grandfathers.

When I came along, my mother was positive I was a girl. She carried me
high through the whole pregnancy. So it was decided I would be named
after her mother Joseffa and my father's mother Noorjahan. When I was
born and I had that extra little bit of equipment, suddenly the name
didn't work. I was told father looked into my eyes and he saw his
mother's eyes looking back. They decided to just shorten my
grandmother's names to the first two letters, Jo No Banks. The nurse
made a mistake on the birth certificate and combined the two names
together without a middle name. So technically my name means 'One
under a lucky star' and 'Light of the world'." I laughed and he
smiled.

Tamam kissed me softly, "It fits. Now sit up again, so I can get you
fed." With that we sped deeper into town. People in this town drive
insane. I think the most common driving tool is the horn, and they use
it extremely well, and often. We pulled up to an older structure and
he announced we are here. He passed his keys to the valet as we came
in the building and entered the elevator. He pulled out a key and
turned it.

We ascended to the top floor. "Dinner is on the roof terrace." The
elevator doors opened to a large marble hall surrounded by darkness.
He strode confidently to a doorway and opened it. There was a narrow
staircase going up to the roof. The door at the top of the stairs
opened to a huge low walled terrace ringed with potted trees looking
out over the old part of the city with a curtain of stars stretching
over us. There was a low table in the middle of the Terrace with two
reclining benches on either side of it. The scene was so opulent and
breathtakingly lovely, I actually gasped. Fine Persian rugs of red and
gold were strewn about the terrace.

"Tamam, it is so beautiful!" I gushed.

Tamam clapped his hands loudly and servers emerged from another
stairwell and started loading the table with exotic foods and drink.
It reminded me of all those goofy old Hollywood pictures Mom and I
would watch together when I was a kid.

While they were preparing for us, Tamam rested his hand on the small
of my back, and walked me around the perimeter of the terrace so that
I may see the entire city, his city. It's awkward walking with a man
who can cradle your head in his armpit. The amber glow of the city
lights stretched out for what seemed forever, until their lights
kissed the stars held within the black satin like field of the sky. It
was difficult to see where the ground ended and the sky began. It
reminded me of home on the Gulf Coast. The terminator between the sea
and sky looked similar. When I heard the door closed, we turned around
to find we were alone with candles lit all on every horizontal
surface.

I looked up at Tamam and thought about kissing him but couldn't get
around the height difference. He sensed my desire as I stood on my tip
toes; he bent down to meet my lips. I suddenly understood why Vanessa
wore the 10" stilettos on dates. "Heals next time, I have to wear
shoes or boots with heals or lifts. Or you will hurt your neck." He
smiled and led me to the table.

"Have you ever eaten in the reclining fashion?" I shook my head no.
"Then I will just have to lay behind you and help you." The sneaky
bugger I thought. It was a highly sensual experience having him
putting bite fulls of food in my mouth. While he spooned in behind me.
The heat from his groin was practically baking my ass. I could feel
the contents of his pants swell and shift through the well-tailored
trousers.

After 20 or 30 minutes I rolled my head to the side to face him,
"Tamam, how long have you been planning this?"

"Ever since the first time I saw you in the hotel; when I got you
angry and saw that fire in your spirit."

"Am I correct to assume this is your terrace and this event was catered for me?"

"Jono, you are half correct. This is my family's home when we are in
the city. The food was prepared by our staff that lives in their own
quarters down the other stairwell." I looked up into his eyes smiling.
"I take it you are no longer hungry."

"Tamam, it is you who are now half correct. I am still most hungry
but, not for the wonderful food."

I leaned back and tilted my head to receive his lips again. As they
almost touched mine, he replied, "Not here my sweet boy. Please come
follow me." He denied ME again! I am never going to lose my damn
cherry. He rose and held out his hand to help me to my feet. We then
walked down the narrow staircase to the marble entryway he tapped a
light switch next to the stairs and the apartment lit up. He touched
it again and the lights softened and dimmed. The furniture was modern,
masculine, and large in scale, it all reflected Tamam so well.

We continued on into the master suite. The furniture was again
oversized, centering on the largest four-poster bed I had ever seen.
The carved posts were each at least a foot wide and depicted some kind
of ancient battle. There was a lattice suspend at the top of the
corner posts filled with mirrors in the top of the canopy. The height
of the mattress was also set to his level. I felt like a small child
who sees his parent's bed for the first time.

Tamam spun me to face him, pinning my lower back between him and the
bed. I tried to figure out the geometry of what we were hoping to do.
I couldn't wrap my head around the almost foot and a half size
difference between us. He saw the desire, confusion, and doubt on my
face. He put his right hand under my chin in tilted my head slowly
backwards as he bent down to seal his lips over mine.

All of the hows and whys faded in the passion of the moment. I was
moaning and whimpering as he slowly opened one button at a time on my
shirt until it fell open. He slid it off my shoulders and let it fall
to the floor. I kicked off one shoe then the other as he bent even
further to lick and nibbled on my right nipple.

I pushed on the center of his chest until he was standing upright.
"Tam, I'm so much smaller than you, please sit and let me stand before
you. I don't want you too hurt yourself." With that he ripped open his
shirt showering me with buttons he then threw it across the room,
perhaps to show me that he was the man. Then sat on the settee at the
end of the bed and pulled me to him. His legs bracketed my lower body.
His arms were placed on my back. I reached out grabbed his head and
kissed his lips. His mouth opened as did mine. His tongue roamed
freely inside my mouth as I moaned and cooed. I tensed as his hand
slid from my lower back towards the front of my trousers. He pulled
back and reminded me, "There is no pressure. We will only go as far as
you are willing."

I looked at him and said, "It's not that, it's just no one has ever
seen me like this. I have had others see me naked in the showers at
school, and later in boot camp. No one ever saw me as something to be
desired. I'm sorry, please don't stop." I reached down and undid my
button letting my new trousers fall to the floor. He pulled me tightly
to him kissing me deeply. Using my toes I slid one sock off, then the
other off my feet. Only my thin sheer silky briefs were remaining.

He went back to playing with one nipple then the other. I was moaning
and twitching, when my gymnast side broke free as I swept my left leg
in a graceful arc, then wrapped it around his back. I started grinding
on his crotch. Tamam slid his right hand inside my briefs and slowly
started to finger my small tight starfish. I started to push back on
his finger as my hips began to buck wildly.

My head rolled back. 18 years, 6 weeks, and an odd number of hours I
lived with the curse of virginity. I knew only one thing; I wanted to
give it to him. I heard fabric tearing as Tamam ripped the silky
smooth fabric from my body. As I realized what happened, my lower lip
went out in a playful pout. He looked up from his nipple play, and
nibbled and sucked on my pouty lower lip. He released my lip and
promised to buy me many, many, more pairs.

"Jono, may I look at you please?" How could I say no? I leaned my
right hand on his shoulder, and then unlocked my leg from around his
back. Reversing the previous arc then rotating it back to the floor.
Tamam's eyes went large with my act of showmanship.

"My brother used to make fun of me. He thought it was too 'girly' for
a boy to take gymnastics. Gymnastics and track were the only sports
that my mother would allow me to compete in. She was terribly afraid
of me being injured by my fellow classmates who were normally much
bigger. I hope it doesn't offend." He shook his head.

The whole time my left hand was covering my tiny penis. He looked at
me disappointed. Then took my left hand and slowly pull it away.
Smiling he said I was beautiful. He stood and swept the comforter and
top sheet down. He turned and swept me off my feet and gently laid me
down on the bed, and kissed me. He was so gentle it was as if he was
afraid of breaking me.

My right hand reached out and undid the top button on his trousers and
slowly lowered his zipper. The soft fabric fell open. My finger traced
the outline of his cock and balls. As my fingertip ran over the soft
fabric its contents kept increasing in size. That was the difference
between a "man boy" like me, and Tamam. I was stuck with a tiny
inoffensive clit of a pre-pubescent penis with tiny grape sized balls.
Meanwhile he practically had a third leg and a pair of large plums
tucked in his trousers. He saw the look on my face and smiled down on
me.

"It is not the size of the gift my beloved. It is the heart that bares
it. Your heart is larger than the entire world."

"Still, it would be great if I wasn't just one baby step away from a
Ken doll." When I explained the joke Tamam scowled.

He then kicked away his trousers and lay on the bed with me with
nothing but his overstuffed briefs. I felt like an idiot he had been
working so hard to make this night special for me. Then I go and kill
the mood. I had to make it right. I climbed on top of him and lay on
his chest. I got to feel his muscles ripple underneath me. I traced
the outline of his lips with my finger and connected my lips to his. I
kissed my way down his body I butterfly kissed each of his nipples.
Then I kissed and nibbled on them like he did to me. I kissed my way
and slid down his body until I hit his belly button.

Tamam asked me to spin around if I wish to continue lower. I complied
and begin kissing his belly button again and nibbling at it playfully.
Then I continued kissing down his tummy. When I reached the waistband
of his briefs I noticed the huge circle of wetness that was seeping
through. I turned to look at Tamam in the mirror and asked him, "May
I?" He nodded in the affirmative. He arched his hips as my thumbs
hooked the waistband. His thick, eleven inch prick got hung up in the
waistband. When it finally slipped out of its silky prison it came
crashing down between my eyes with a wet slap. It smelled both musky
and sexy.

I figured I might as well go with what happened and I licked at the
base of the shaft and worked my way to the tip. I kissed it and was
immediately rewarded with the taste of his precum. It was earthy,
salty, and nowhere near as gross as I thought it would be. I took my
tongue and licked around his glans. Tamam made a muffled sound of
pleasure. I may be a virgin, but living in an Air Force dorm I had
seen a bit of porn. I at least had a clue what I was supposed to do
here. I was just having a bit of trouble with the HOW. There was just
so much there in front of me.

I rested my lips on the head of his cock and slowly let it into my
mouth. I was overcome with a desire to swallow it whole; I knew that
was not going to happen. But I still tried and immediately gagged. My
sweet gentle guide told me, "Patience, patience little one." He began
his own endeavor he began playing in earnest with my little pink
starfish. He asked me if I had cleaned myself before our date. My
mouth was full of well, "him" and I did not want to take it out.

I responded with an affirmative sounding "MMMMMMHHHHMMM!" Hmmmm, I
just learned something new. If you hum while giving a blow job it
counter acts the gag reflex a bit. I finally released him and answered
him, "Yes, Vanessa said you would appreciate it, if this was a date.
She helped getting me ready for you."

"Remind me to get something very, very nice for her. Jono, come up
here." I gave my new mouth toy a final lick and shot a dejected look
to him via the mirror. He pinched my bottom and I complied with a
yelp. "We are far from done; I just need a little better access to
please you." Damn my tiny frame! I climbed down from "my mountain of
man." My pouty lip returned as I returned to the head of the bed and
dropped to the pillow next to him. He again played with it sucking my
lip back into his mouth.

When he released it I asked, "Was I doing something wrong?"

He caressed my face, "No, my sweet you were doing it too well. I need
a moment to recover."

I reached down flicking my finger around his bulbous head and asked
earnestly, "How do you NOT get light headed when the blood fills this
thing?"

"Right now it is you who are making my head spin." He gently pushed me
onto my back while kissing me. Once there he slid his hand from my
shoulder down my body to my crotch. "You are far from being 'Ken doll'
and more than enough for me." He wrapped his lips around my tiny
member and slid them up and down the feeling was quite remarkable. His
hands continued in earnest playing with my butthole.

After about 15 minutes he had me violently bucking my hips into his
face. He noticed I was shaking and twitching. I began tapping his
shoulders trying to get his attention. He looked up at me in
confusion, and asked, "Why are you stopping me you seemed so close." I
couldn't catch my breath. His look of concern became one of almost
panic. He slid up and squared off against my face. He kept asking over
and over again are you okay? My breathing was erratic and shallow. As
I started to gain control again; I put my hands upon his shoulders.

"M-m-my love, you did not do well in biology did you?" His face
contorted in confusion. "Remember, no puberty equals no cum. You just
put me through three dry orgasms in a row. Thank you very much by the
way." He chuckled and kissed me deeply.

"It seems everything I do to, and with, you will be new to both of us.
I will try to pay more attention. You are so beautiful, little one."
While I was stroking his beard and grinning like an idiot.

I looked into his eyes and asked, "Please Tam, can you be taking me
now. Please, I want you inside me."

"Patience little one, if I fill the 'vessel' before it is properly
prepared it could burst."

"Tamam my mighty warrior, my 'vessel' has been on the storage shelf so
long, you are risking rupture from dry rot." He roared with laughter.

He raised my legs to my chest. I could not see what he was doing. When
his tongue flicked across my butthole I swear I saw stars. I knew I
had to see my man... I rotated my left leg and folded it behind my
shoulder. Then I repeated the procedure to the right. Tam stopped his
endeavors to admire the act. "HOW do you do that? Doesn't it hurt?"

"It helps to be lean but, as to how, remember all those years and
years of gymnastics practice. It makes it all possible. As to pain, I
haven't been able to do my stretching exercises for weeks, so I feel a
bit of pressure. It is so worth it, I just wanted to watch you. In
this position all I can do is move my arms a bit. You have total
control. I want you to know, I trust you completely. I can go back
where you put me, if you want me to." He smiled shaking his head no
and returned his tongue to pleasuring my ass.

My new position caused my butthole to be completely exposed for him.
He alternated between tongueing and fingering the surface of my very
tight hole. He started pushing his index finger harder against my hole
and it slowly sunk inside. The pressure was remarkable as his knuckle
slipped through my ring. I tried to stop it, my bottom clamped down
hard on his digit as it made contact with my prostate. I bit my bottom
lip and focused on trying to relax. If this was just his finger, how
in the hell was I gonna take the rest of him?

"I am so sorry sweet Jono." as he removed the digit leaving me feeling
so empty. "My spit is not going to be enough." He crawled to the head
of the bed, kissing my body the entire way.

I was begging, "Please don't stop now Tamam. I don't care if it rips
me in two. I want this! I NEED this!"

"I am not abandoning our passion Jono." He kissed my forehead and
opened the drawer in the bedside table removing a tube labeled
KY-Jelly. "We just need a little help making it happen. I told you
that I didn't want you hurt. If I do not prepare you properly, I will
hurt and possibly damage you."

"I thought you used petroleum jelly for butt sex?"

Tamam chuckled and shook his head while rubbing my still relocated
thighs, "Two errors in one sentence. Petroleum jelly is too messy and
leaves a residue that is difficult to clean out of fabrics, and out of
you. This is state of the art, it is water based. I have a friend who
brings it in for me from Europe."

"Would that friend be a certain American Captain?" He nodded. "What
was my second error?"

"Sweet Jono, so young and innocent. It is not 'butt sex.' It is anal
sex, anal, or what I prefer just 'sex'." With the lesson ended he
returned to my preparation.

He squirted a stream of ice cold goo straight onto my butthole, with
accuracy that would make any bombardier proud. I too might have been,
IF the term "ICE COLD" was not used. The sudden shock caused my arms
to fly out from my sides. I slapped the mattress with both palms like
a pro wrestler tapping out. He smiled and ignored my gyrations and
started working the thick goo into my still tight but eager hole. As
he worked his second and third finger into my ass I was grabbing the
sheets like a man possessed. He continued to slide them in and out
while twisting and spreading them. I never thought I'd be happy for
dry orgasms. At long last, he asked, "Are you ready?"

I simply whimpered, "yrja 'abi" (please daddy!)

He asked me to rest my legs on his shoulders. He was afraid of hurting
me in my current straining position. I broke the submission position
as he warmed a bit of the jelly in his hands then slowly gave his
prick a few tugs ensuring all was slick. Damn, he was so huge, I
thought to myself, as his honey bronzed, godlike form towered over my
tiny frame. He folded my legs back against my stomach and rested the
head of his shaft against my now well prepared ass. He told me to take
3 large breaths and hold the final one.

When I complied he pushed and his cock began stretching my tiny hole.
His bulbous head slid within. Pain seared and radiated from my now
stretching hole. Sweat was pouring off of me as my ass locked with
vice like strength around his shaft. "Breathe" he commanded me again.
The pain of initial entry faded as my body became accustomed to the
offending member. Tamam began pushing into me again. Inch by inch we
stopped being two organisms as we worked together striving for each
other's pleasure. He muttered something under his breath I couldn't
completely understand. I heard the word pressed or squeeze. I had
heard a couple of the Saudi Sergeant's use it after a training
session. Did he want me to squeeze something, it seemed
counterproductive.

I looked into his eyes and repeated the word in a questioning tone.
His eyes opened wide as he told me, "No, your bottom is very tight. It
is fighting back." I could feel my face warm with a blush. I finally
understood what those little shits on base called me, a "tight ass..."
Hell hath no fury like a pissed instructor.

"I have no doubt that you can conquer it my mighty warrior." He smiled
and returned to sliding an inch or so in and waiting for me to
recover. He followed with a few short pumps in and out for his reward.
After what seemed like forever I finally felt his soft bush make its
fluffy landing against my bare bottom. I swear he must have used half
the tube of KY-Jelly. "Please remind me to get something very, very
nice for Capt. Nelson..." He paused and chuckled, as we caught our
breath.

The pain of entry slowly faded into waves of pleasure. He kissed my
forehead and told me he was not sure how much longer he could
continue. "My treasure, you are so tight."

I replied, "Well, I was..." I teased back.

The pressure was intense. I had a real man inside of me. A man who
loved me in spite of my issues; who chose to be with me.

Tamam slowly pulled out about half way and ever so slowly pushed back
in. I told him, "Please, I can handle it. I promise you, I will not
break. Please fuck me." His rhythm increased apparently I still was
too tight. The look of release on his face was amazing. I felt his
load fill my bowels as he let my legs slip from his shoulders and
began removing himself from me. I immediately wrapped my tingling legs
around his waist and begged him to stay in me until it slid out on its
own. For the first time in my life I felt happy and complete, I didn't
want it to end.

He complied with my request. He lowered himself onto his elbows still
covering my body, while breathlessly kissing my lips. His softening
member slowly slipped from my ass. His cum and the remnant of that
miracle lube began to ooze out. My legs went numb then released their
lock from Tamam's waist. We snuggled and kissed until sleep overtook
us.


--  Continued

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Fri, 18 Aug 2017 10:50:36 -0400
From: Shy Guy
Subject: Jono's Journey Home - Ch 01 (Gay Male)

*** Gentle readers Nifty needs donations to provide so many wonderful
stories -- Please consider a gift today ***
http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html
________

Chapter 1 - The Journey Begins

My name is Jono Banks this is my story of discovery on my journey home.
First I should tell you a bit about myself. I try to live life by a short
list of rules that yes, I frequently violate, often to my detriment:

1. There is a God.
2. I am not God.
3. Answer all questions in brevity. Don't babble, or offer extra
information.
4. Do not volunteer for anything. It will more often than not bite you in
the ass.
5. Treat people like you want to be treated. Don't be an ass.

At 4' 11" and 94-98 pounds (occasionally with the assistance of another
person's foot on the scale), I am one of the two smallest people in the
squadron. The other is my best friend and supervisor E-4 Sergeant Vanessa
Gilmore. Nessa has been looking out for me since I signed into the unit,
back when she was a Senior Airman. We were thick as thieves since the
minute I signed into the unit. I was from Florida's panhandle; she was from
Opp, Alabama, sixty-six miles from my home town. She is the one person in
the squadron who knows my story. Back home, I was something of a local
tragic celebrity.

Nessa also knew everything that was going on in the squadron about a half a
day before it happened. Anytime there was a "no notice" weigh-in she would
take me to the chow hall and load up my tray. There have been many
occasions when I would weigh in green in the face, only to turn around and
head to the bathroom and let it all loose again. I didn't have an eating
disorder; I just couldn't keep weight on. It didn't matter how much I ate.
That caused a few people in the squadron to really resent me.

I am a melting pot kid. My Father was Arabian. His family gave me the two
features that endear me to many women, and as I would discover later more
than a few men. My rounded face, and my long, thick full eyelashes that
frame my pale blue eyes came from his gene pool. The eyes were Mom's
contribution, in addition to my Danish and French porcelain skin, which was
topped with a crown of "uber Nordic" corn silk colored blonde hair. I wear
my hair as close to the maximum length that regulations allow, to hide a
few "imperfections."

Even though I spoke many languages due to the family business, my native
tongue was "LA" English. For those not familiar with living in the Florida
Panhandle "LA" means Lower Alabama. I have a knack when it comes to picking
up languages. I was bilingual before I even started preschool. Mama said
the gift was a result of me being a musician. My conductors often called me
a double threat, because I played concert piano and cello.

That, which has led me to this point in my life, was a series of tragic
events. I have leaned life's most difficult lesson, life happens. Stuff
both good and the bad happen to us all, some choose to let it control us, I
don't. Military service was my brother's dream, not mine. In my case it is
just an end to a means a way to make things happen. It's also a way that I
can recover, and get on with my life. I have completed my first year in
this northern German hell hole known as Basdahl. I love the people, the
architecture, and the culture. The mission on the other hand sucks.

Our Squadron had the worst equipment in all of Northern Europe and the
highest deployment rate. Our system was constantly on the verge of falling
apart. Simply put, the mobile TACS systems sucked. They were obsolete when
they were designed during Vietnam, now it had two decades of rust on it. We
have pilots who refuse to take ground control instructions from us because
they know how antiquated our equipment was.

For the past year I've been the youngest and lowest ranking person in our
unit. Because I jumped three grades in school, being the youngest and
smallest was always my condition growing up. Just after the grunts ran by
the barracks in formation singing their famous Jody, "Wake up Air Force,
wake up!" we began boarding the buses for the long ride from Bremerhaven to
Basdahl.

In 1986, I had survived my first year of a two year assignment to Basdahl.
What I had discovered was, while I loved the German people, I hated Germany
in the winter. I had just gotten off the bus and was starting to walk
towards the operations building when Vanessa pulled me aside. "Jono, the
Major is going to ask for volunteers for a short notice Temporary Duty
Assignment. You need to volunteer, it's a good one."

In typical smartass fashion I replied, "Okay, who are you and what have you
done with my Momma Bear. You know the person who told me every day for the
last year, never volunteer for shit."

After about twenty minutes we grabbed our cups of coffee and reported for
morning crew stand up. We popped to attention as the Director of Operations
(DO) Major Doug Cawfield came in. He shouted his traditional, "Good morning
my little mud puppies!" He went through the mission briefings for the day
and ended with, "I only have two pieces of business left. First, I need
three volunteers for a short notice TDY with no questions asked."

Two hands went up. Yup, I broke the cardinal military rule, and my fourth
personal rule, never volunteer for anything. In hindsight, it is amazing
how often I broke that one. Still, I figured if Sergeant Gilmore told me to
volunteer, it couldn't be all that bad. Vanessa was connected; she knew
everything that happened in the squadron often before the command staff. I
had been seriously crushing on my supervisor but I was not comfortable
acting on it. Vanessa and I were good friends, and made a great team in air
surveillance. I wasn't gonna screw either of those up.

She was the Air Surveillance Technician (AST); I was a lowly Search Scope
Operator (SSO). If something went wrong with the computer (and it often
did) she would jump back to my console and say, "go." She taught me the
procedures to activate the ball tab so the air weapons cell could continue
to control aircraft, and reload the box of wires that we laughingly called
a computer.

It should be noted that the 407L system was called a semi-automated
computer. The program was so small and primitive it could be loaded via
magnetic tape, paper tape, punch cards, or the average person could
manually type the entire program in 20-30 minutes. We were the Dynamic Duo
of the air surveillance cell. Several assholes in the squadron called us
the Wonder Twins.

The DO said, "Okay we have our first two volunteers I need one more."

Technical Sergeant Sasquamo reluctantly put up his hand, "I'll go! Sir,
clearly 'The Wonder Twins' will need ADULT supervision." The room erupted
in laughter. Nessa and I both flipped him off.

Even the DO smiled, "Alright then that's better. Gilmore, Banks, and
Sasquamo, be in my office in 5 minutes for departure and mission
briefings." With that he turned and walked towards the door. He paused and
turned back to the room, "Oh, and one more thing. Those of you, who did not
volunteer, start deployment prep. The word just came in we are deploying to
Stade for three glorious weeks. Start with corrosion control on your
vehicles. Make sure your two man shelter halves are waterproofed. We are
looking at a lot of cold temps, wind, rain, and mud."

A mass groan was heard as he left the room. Sergeant Gilmore came over to
me and said, "Jono, you are going to looooove this. We're going to Saudi!
Everything; food, lodging, and laundry are paid for by the King. You will
be able to bank your entire salary for 6 months." My mouth gaped open; it
was more than this Florida boy could hope for. Heat for almost 6 months,
and a way out of a not so little financial problem.

We then looked at our supervisor, TSgt Terrell Sasquamo aka Sasquatch. He
was originally from Maine and the poor guy broke a sweat waking up in the
morning. I felt immediately sorry for him. Vanessa and I were swamp kids;
we were used to the heat. Sas hated anything above 70 degrees.

We all met in the DO's office and he began, "First off let me say I'm
grateful we're sending our A-Team. Jono, I almost had to flush your
volunteer status. Just noticed the posting is for E-3s and above.
Congratulations on your promotion. I was a little surprised that your hand
went up. Glad to see you're finally showing some initiative again." Ouch
that stung.

I had to admit he was right. I had been coasting lately. My career started
off well enough. I was Honor Grad out of Lackland. Distinguished graduate,
at technical school. As a candidate for AWACS school, I was sent to SERE
(Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape) training which I passed with high
marks. Because of my diminutive stature, just about all of my instructors
expected me to wash out. Sadly during SERE school the Air Force pulled
AWACS from my career field, and sent me on to my first duty station.

I am a mighty 27650"c." For the record it should be known the "C" shred-out
(aka crap shred-out) of my career field it sucks swamp water, and this
Florida boy knows a thing or two about swamp water. Our career field had it
all: ancient equipment, crappy assignments, and almost no recognition. If
that wasn't bad enough we were deploying every month and a half. My goal
had been to complete my last year in this German hell hole, then next year
I would rotate back to the States for my last year and a half. After that I
hadn't thought much about my future, I just wanted the hell out of the Air
Force.

When the major finished his briefing he asked Sasquatch and Nessa to leave
the room and close the door behind them. "Jono, I almost said no to your
going. Your attitude as of late has sucked. The fact that you volunteered
told me something. Little guy, at times, I wish I had a squadron of Airmen
like you. You got screwed by the system. There are times Jono when that
happens, it sucks, but it happens. I'm grateful that you're stepping up to
the plate again. I am going to ask that you leave the attitude behind in
your dorm room. With that we have to have a new conversation."

"You're part of the base Intel staff and I have to give you an additional
briefing. Bring your teammates up to speed at Rhein-Main. Tensions between
Saudi Arabia and Yemen are escalating again. The Soviets are giving Yemen
additional weapons systems, rumor has it they will be selling them the
MI-25 helicopter. NATO and the United States are now doing the same for
Saudi Arabia. I'll be sending a mission brief to the team leader letting
them know about your linguistic intrepidity and your strong ties to the
region. I hope they can put your skills to good use, the last thing we need
is another brush fire."

I asked the major what type of systems the US was sending. "Jono, we're
selling the Saudis fighters, radar systems, and AWACS aircraft." My head
dropped. The major put his hand on my shoulder and continued, "I know
little buddy, hang in there. Who knows maybe they'll cross certify you
while you're in country. Don't count on that, it is not likely to occur." I
nodded as he continued, "What we are selling them is a lot of TPS-43E radar
mobile TAC systems. There's a very good likelihood that we will also be
selling them a Message Processing Center (MPC.)

You're my chameleon, if the Saudi's buy one, how fast do you think you
could get certified on the MPC with factory rep assistance?" I told him
likely less than five days because of the shared common systems. "I kind of
figured that would be the case. Jono, you're going to love this posting.
Hell son, I wish I could go with you guys. Look out after your teammates
especially Nessa. HQ USAFE has sent a mission brief on the Intel available
for this deployment. Read the contents of this file and be ready to brief
all those deploying. You can use my office to prepare, remember not
everyone has your security clearance be ready to brief only to the secret
level. I'll try to find out who has higher clearances and leave that
information for you at base operations. Now, I have to go motivate the rest
of the troops for their deployment. You lucky bastard the weather looks
like shit for the Stade deployment. When you're done secure the file in my
safe."

We got our orders cut by 1700 (five p.m.) and we were on the road to
Rhein-Main Air Base fifteen minute later. Whoever needed us in Saudi Arabia
sure was in a hurry. When we arrived at base operations and I was presented
with my security documents on the troops who were going with us. Only four
on the team could receive the full brief. Crap, I had to give two
briefings. Who the fuck needs sleep anyway. Nessa, and Sas offered to stay
up with me I told them to just grab some rack time. They couldn't help me
with the briefing anyway because I was the only one with the active TS
clearance. It made no sense having them stay awake for moral support I'll
sleep on the plane.

Due to our departure time, I scheduled the first for 04:30 in the morning
and the second for 05:30. After I verified his security clearance level
(and need to know), the base commander used his executive privilege to sit
in on the top secret level briefing. Damn he was an arrogant prick; he
insisted that the top-secret briefing happen at 5:30 because he didn't want
to have to wake up at 0330. The final briefing let out at 6:30. The General
thanked me for my time, and my brevity limiting the briefing to just the
essentials. When he gave me his commander's coin he said he hoped I would
consider a follow-on overseas assignment to Rhein-Main, he could use a good
Intel NCO on his staff. I was polite but I knew I could never work for him.

At 0700 we were in the passenger module of a C-5 Galaxy and airborne.
Vanessa sat next to me for the long flight to Riyadh. We chatted about
stupid things, unit gossip, and such. Then she became very serious and said
she hoped we get assigned to the unit at Riyadh or Dhahran. I didn't bother
to ask why, she knew everything. Several members of the flight crew noticed
my jump wings, during the flight they stopped by and chatted about where I
went to school and stuff. Jump wings were rare as gold on ground pounder
mobile TACS grunts. As usual I was the novelty. I was invited up to the
flight deck to watch the in flight refueling operation. It was kind of
unusual seeing an intercept from this direction. I thanked the pilot,
co-pilot, and engineer for the opportunity.

With my tour of the aircraft completed, I return to my seat Poor Sasquatch
was filling his third, nope fourth, air sickness bag. How could someone in
the Air Force be that airsick? Then again they had to stop the van twice on
the autobahn for me the night before. Even the most unstable fixed or
rotary winged aircraft or boats no problem, put me in a fast moving car, it
became a one way trip to vomit central.

What a picture the three of us made. Sasquatch the mountain of hair and
muscle, dripping sweat all the way through his service jacket. Vanessa the
short brunette, with a body that would not stop. Then there is me, the sign
post with the runners butt, dressed in blue. Yep, not only short I was lean
(what others called skinny.) I don't know why Vanessa always hung out with
me. But she became something like an occasionally over-protective older
sister/mamma stand in. She said I was one of the only "safe" guys in our
squadron. Ouch, friend-zoned again. The story of my life, the hot girls
always go for the jocks, not the nerds.

After almost 36 hours of consciousness, I finally nodded off thinking of
how I got here... When I was 10 my folks were taking my brother Mikaeel and
I on vacation to the family campgrounds in Tishomingo, Mississippi. Mike
was eighteen and about to ship out to Paris Island. This was to be our
final family trip. We managed to make it fifteen minutes down the road to
Niceville when a drunken college jackass crossed the center line taking out
our station wagon.

The drunk and I were the only ones to survive. I was thrown from the
vehicle as it rolled and caught fire, he climbed out of his with only a
bump on his head and passed out. I had a lot of people using the term
miracle to describe my survival. Laying in the mud unable to move due to
the cord shock, watching and hearing my family burn. It didn't feel like a
miracle.

I died twice that day; first for a minute and a half in the ER. I died
again for almost five minutes on the operating table. The trauma surgeon,
Doctor Edmond Fitzgerald (Doc Fitz) wouldn't give up on me; even after the
neurosurgeon told him to call it. I think he was afraid to face my Uncle.
He said our family had too much loss for one day. The neurosurgeon told Doc
Fitz he was being a fool. "You just condemned his family to care for a
vegetable for the rest of their lives."

Thankfully, I beat the odds again, the neurosurgeon was wrong. Something
remarkable happened that day. Instead of losing my memory, I now remembered
every moment of my life with absolute clarity from the crash forward. The
painful memories that I really wanted gone, would walk with me the rest of
my life. In fact, the neurologist who was assigned to the medical review
board voiced concern about the possibility of future PTSD based on my
"gift." Then he added if I could survive and function well after what had
already happened to me it should not be an issue.

The paramedics and firefighters who worked on me at the scene became
regular features at my bedside they even helped the nurses with my range of
motion exercises. As the cord shock faded, they went through physical
therapy with me. It was Chief Duma who touched me the most. It was he who
returned my Daddy's wedding ring to me. It was all I had left of my family.
I hugged the stuffing out of him.

I finally got out of the hospital 8 months later, I had completed both the
5th and 6th grades from my bed (what can I say; being in the hospital was
very boring). The nursing staff, and doctors, lined the halls and applauded
as Doc Fitz wheeled me to the front door. My firefighters, and the officers
who were first on the scene, completed the cordon of honor. Chief Duma
helped me out of the chair to my walker and walked behind me as I hobbled
to Uncle Jack's old Dodge.

We went home; my Uncle Jack cared for me as if I were the son he and his
wife couldn't have. When I was a baby his wife died in child birth. He was
so heartbroken he never remarried. He counted on Mike and I to take over
the family's ranch. Eventually he adopted me and gave me the Banks name. I
knew it was wrong under Islamic law for him to take my father's name from
me. He told me I was now Baptist and the laws of tribal goat herders did
not apply.

As happy as we were, even that was not to be. We were only together for
just over 2 years when Jack was diagnosed with stage four cancer of the
lung and pancreas. A couple months later he too was gone. The local news
ran my story. "My" hero firefighters came and loaded his casket onto their
ladder truck for the ride to be buried, between his wife and daughter, and
my parents and brother.

After just two years and six months of hospital and outpatient therapy, I
was able to walk without assistance, just in time to bury him. Chief Duma
and Doc Fitz were standing beside me when he was lowered into the ground. I
was alone in the world at the ripe old age of thirteen. The Chief and the
Doc tried to tell me how fortunate I was just to be alive, and something
good had to come from this pain. I had been the recipient of many miracles
since the crash. I couldn't see any miracle. I was standing in the middle
of the graves belonging to the people I loved the most. All I knew was I
had to live for them.

The Department of Children and Families put me in a group home run by
friends of the family. I only had to move five acres away from my home. I
was lucky; they too ran a horse ranch, although Uncle Jack used to make fun
of Arabians, I always, loved them.

I voluntarily took summer school twice to skip another grade in high
school, guaranteeing I would be the youngest and smallest kid in my class
on graduation day. I was carrying a college course load as well. I earned
my associates degree just one week after I graduated high school. The goal
was to start college early and get my bachelor's degree. Sadly the funds
were not there. My foster family was concerned, but signed off on my early
entry forms into the Air Force at seventeen. I was pleased when the Medical
Review Board approved my entry, with only one dissenting vote. Who listens
to urologists anyway? Here I am a year later flying into my third overseas
deployment. I loved seeing new things and experiencing life.

When I awoke I was crying and Vanessa was wiping my forehead. No words
needed to be said, she knew.

When we arrived in Saudi Arabia the door was open then we climbed down the
loading ramp. While Vanessa and I were relishing the blast of blissfully
dry 110 degree heat, I do believe I heard Sasquatch actually whimper behind
us. Our duffle bags were taken off the aircraft and dropped on the flight
line for K-9 review. Fifty volunteers came from all across Europe to serve
in Saudi Arabia. Out of all of those duffle bags lined in a row, the damned
dog chose mine to piss on. I remember Vanessa laughing as I looked to the
heavens saying, "Really?"

The Air Force staff liaison officer to Riyadh came over and told us, "There
will be a meet and greet tonight in the hotel banquet room to introduce you
to our Saudi hosts. Class A uniforms are required, service jackets are
optional. Your duty assignments are in your briefing packets in your rooms.
Orientation begins tomorrow at oh-eight-hundred. If you'll follow me we'll
get you on the bus and take you to the hotel grab your bags boys and girls."

Nessa waived at him and he smiled back. She told me she worked for him when
she first arrived at our unit. Then he was transferred to NATO HQ. "Jono,
He is how I knew to volunteer. Isn't he gorgeous?!?" She cooed.

"Nessa, guys do not call other guys are gorgeous." However, I could see her
point. He looked a bit like a young Sam Elliot without the cheesy mustache.
He had strong hairy arms, chestnut hair, steel gray eyes, squared broad
shoulders, and a strong jaw, oh Gawd; he even had a cleft in his squared
chin. Clearly this guy played football at some point in his life. Just like
one of the guys I used to tutor in high school.

We arrived at the hotel, oh my LAWD! I've never seen anything so beautiful.
Everything was gold and shiny. The woodwork was highly polished and finely
fitted. There was a grand piano in the lobby by the elevators. We signed
for our keys and headed upstairs. I remember the porter had a funny look on
his face as he sniffed the air when he picked up my duffle bag. He opened
the door and put my duffle bag on the baggage holder and made that odd
sniffing face again.

I smiled and told him what happened at the airport. He apologized and said
"Just put what you need cleaned in this bag and put it in the hallway. Then
call the front desk, we will pick it up immediately." I asked if I could
include my duffle bag he smiled and replied absolutely sir.

I spent the next 10 minutes trying to find a uniform that wasn't damp with
urine. When the phone rang it was Vanessa, "Hey Jono, you open your info
package yet?" "Nope, still looking for something dry to wear tonight.
Fucking dog!"

"Sweetie, don't sweat the small shit. Be thankful, I'm the one who has to
wear the long dress and long sleeves. Lastly honey, remember its only 60
degrees back in Bremerhaven. Give me a call when you open your packet. I
got Riyadh; I hope we're working together."

Eureka! I got to the center of the bag and found one rolled short sleeve
blue shirt and a clean t-shirt. I figured if I wore a tie it would be good
enough. I began transferring my nameplate, and ribbon rack from my long
sleeve shirt that I wore flying in, to my short sleeve, but dry and piss
free shirt. Oh how I longed to wear my green fatigues. But Captain Nelson
said "Class A" uniform shirt, tie, and ribbons.

I went to the table and broke the seal, CRAP! Al Kharj. I called Vanessa
and gave her the bad news. Well at least we'll have a good meal together
tonight. When will this day end? I looked at the clock and realized it was
time to start heading downstairs I dumped my crap into the cleaning bag and
called the front desk for pick up. Vanessa and I met at the elevator and
went down to the lobby.

When we got to there, Captain Nelson swept in like a pissed off water
moccasin, "Airman Banks! What the hell is your issue? The instruction sheet
said Class A's." Double crap! I am in country less than six hours and the
boss already knows my name. I reminded the captain according to 35-10 to be
a class A the uniform only had to have a tie and ribbons. I asked if he
would prefer I ran up and got my service jacket, I added it was a bit
wrinkled from the flight.

I also reminded him he was there when the dog pissed on my bag. With that
he smiled and said "Let me guess it's the only thing that didn't get
soaked?" I nodded "Well, I guess you will be joining Sergeant Gilmore and
I. Vanessa it is good to see you again, congratulations on your NCO
appointment. Stay close to me, you two are going to get noticed." He looked
at me, "Airman you look terrified..."

Vanessa responded, "Sir, that's his normal look in large groups. Jono,
hovers somewhere between fight and 'oh my goodness I'm running as fast as I
can.' If it wasn't for me I don't think the boy would ever have left the
dormitory. When you were assigned to Basdahl, did you ever get to Duhnen
Beach in Cuxhaven?"

He replied with a sly smile, "Which side?"

"Fabric optional side of course... it took me six weeks and a full parking
lot to get him interested in crossing over to the nude side. That just
wasn't normal for a 17 year old boy. When we laid out our blankets, I
noticed he was red from head to his toes. Initially I thought he was having
an allergic reaction to something. Then I realized just about his whole
body blushes. Kind of like he's doing now."

I just wanted to curl up and die. The Captain ignored the fact that my
supervisor saw me in the buff and asked, "Seventeen! How old are you?"

"I just turned eighteen three weeks ago sir. I earned my second stripe two
days ago. I am an introvert, Sergeant Gilmore has been trying to drag me
out of my shell. I'm going to miss working with her on this TDY."

He looked at me and asked, "Where are you going again? I can't remember
where all 50 of you are posted."

I replied, "Al Kharj sir."

Vanessa chimed in, "Jono is real good in manual operations, but we are a
killer team on the semi-automated system. I have been asking to put him
into AST training early, he knows all the data, and has the skills. The
leadership is concerned about his age, and command presence, not his
knowledge. You should have seen his command presence as he briefed the base
commander at Rhein-Main. How many E3s do you know that would have the
stones to demand ID and need to know from a Major General?" The captain
looked skeptical so I showed him the general's challenge coin.

Nessa continued, "Our squadron expert in manual operations is here too.
TSgt Sasquamo rocks in the FACP ops configuration. Come to think of it, he
worked FACP operations in Vietnam back in the day." A thought flipped
through my head. Bus may I introduce you to Sasquatch, Sasquatch here's
your bus. I couldn't believe she just threw him under it.

"Jono, you really carded General Ambrose? Then questioned his need to know?
Damn, you DO have balls! I have to share that one with my boss. He hates
the bastard."

"You may want to add the fact that the General was so impressed, he thanked
me and offered me a job on his staff."

With that our stroll across the lobby had been completed. We reach the door
of the banquet hall. There was a doorman posted in a bright green uniform
with buttons down each side of his chest. As we approached he came to
attention and fluidly opened the door. My eyes got big as saucers as I saw
the size of the banquet hall, and how many people were within. Our whole
squadron could fit inside that banquet hall twice over. Sergeant Gilmore
took my hand smiling she looked at me and said "Deep breath, chill little
dude. We got this." She let my hand drop as we entered.

When I was a little kid, I was once stalked by a panther in the Myakka
River State Park. I was having that same feeling as we entered the banquet
room.

Nelson, smiled and said "Tallyho" (I see the target) as a Saudi officer
approached. He was at least 6' 4"; he looked like he was in his mid-20's,
and HUGE muscles bulging everywhere. There was something else though I
couldn't shake the feeling, I knew this man. There was something so
familiar. It was frustrating. The one thing I did know Nessa and I were
gonna get stiff necks talking to this crowd.

"Benjamin, welcome..." as he put out his had to shake our captain's "I was
starting to think you were not going to come."

Nelson replied back, "Tamam, sorry for the delay. Airman Banks had a
uniform malfunction courtesy of one of your security dogs on the airfield.
Sergeant Gilmore was assisting her partner. Nessa, Jono, this is our host
Captain Tamam Aza Asad Hassan."

Captain Hassan nodded in Nessa's direction then responded to me, "I heard
of the unpleasantness, the dog handler has been directed to use more care,
I am sorry for any inconvenience. I hope the hotel is taking care of the
cleaning. I am sorry your introduction to our Kingdom has been so
difficult." He was standing so uncomfortably close. His cologne was strong
and exotic. It was far more overpowering than my Halston.

"Thank you Captain but, I can't blame the dog; he was just doing what dogs
do. Let's face it from their perspective a duffel bag looks a heck of a lot
like a bush. As to the welcome, the staff at the hotel has been
outstanding. The inconvenience at the airfield, is just that an
inconvenience. One thing for sure it can only get better." Everyone laughed.

The Captain Hassan told us that he was one of the project managers for the
Saudi end of the project. Then he rested his hand on my bare arm and said,
"Surely you are not old enough to be military. What skills do you bring?"

I looked up into the bottom of his chin (damn, he is tall!) and replied
with great heat. "Sir, I may only be 18, but my skills have been put to the
test. I have a near eidetic memory. I am fluent in several German dialects.
This is without ever being exposed to the language prior to being assigned
to Germany. My Danish, Italian, and French are rated very high as well. I
am also fluent in Balochi, Mehri, Soqotri, Razihi, Armenian, Persian,
Kurdish, Quashqai, Turkmen, Talysh, Hebrew, Feyli, Aramaic, Assyrian, and
Arabic. In addition, I am conversationally fluent in Russian and several
Eastern European languages. The list goes on, but I would not want to bore
you.

As far as my technical prowess, I was certified (with a highly qualified
rating) in search scope operations within 30 days of my arrival. I had not
fully in processed my base and unit when I was certified. We are required
to earn our five level within one year of reporting for duty, I earned mine
in 2 months with a near perfect score. As to systems skills, to my
knowledge, I am the only person who has manually loaded the 407L's computer
in 5 minutes 12 seconds, ever. Most require 20 to 30 minutes. Add to all of
that I am a graduate of both survival and jump school."

Hindsight being 20/20, I realized he was trying to push my buttons and BOY
HOWDY, did he succeed. I knew immediately that I did not just step over the
line, I carpet bombed the fucker it as I flew past it. What I said was not
the issue how I said it was. With that realization, I dropped my gaze
straight to my shoes.

"Jono!" Vanessa chided. "We are going to have to talk about this. In his
defense Captain Hassan, he really is that good. As to his skills in
communication, let's just say he's a cunning linguist, occasionally lacking
tact." Her joke fell like a lead balloon but all politely smiled.
"Seriously though our squadron, and wing, have used his translation skills
in German and Danish to secure better deployment sites, and on occasion to
defuse tense situations. He's really good at translating humor."

With my head still down; I uttered the first two Arabic words my papa
taught me, "Ana asef... (I am sorry)" I lifted my head and continued in
Arabic, "Sir, I think I shall be saying that a lot. Please I beg your
forgiveness."

He smiled and asked in English, "Jono, who taught you our language?"

"I picked it up as a child sir. Please sir, can we leave it there?" I was
spinning my father's wedding band on my index finger.

He patted my shoulder. "We are being called to table, please join me at
mine."

Captain Hassan strode forward to the head table and the crowd parted in
front of him. My captain put his hand on my shoulder and whispered, "Good
recovery airman, just be a little more tactful in the future. I do not
think I have ever seen anyone humble that man."

I whispered back, "I know the message was not wrong, but the delivery was.
For that I am very sorry sir."

The dinner consisted of foods from across the kingdom. So that the teams
would understand the local cuisine they would be experiencing.

I was both overjoyed and terrified when I saw the Kabsa on the table. I was
overjoyed because it was one of my favorites, terrified because Vanessa was
reaching for it. "Sarge, NO! It has pine nuts!" She backed off as if she
was staring at a spitting cobra, and all color drained from her face. For
all Vanessa's skill, intelligence, and bravado I knew her Achilles heel.
She was deathly allergic to cashews and pine nuts.

"Thanks for the save little buddy. That's two I owe you, Taz." I pointed
out the dishes that I knew should be safe for her. "About six months back I
had an exposure and dropped so fast that I couldn't deploy my epi-pen.
Jono, found me on the floor unable to move or breathe. He was the one who
got to jab me. Then he drove me to the base clinic. He saved my life."
Tamam then ordered a steak for her from the kitchen.

The Saudis ate slowly and talked a lot. Vanessa was far better than I at
feigning interest. But at least I was getting all of their names committed
to memory. Captain Hassan kept looking at me. I had to admit I was
returning his gaze, perhaps a bit too often in fact. I had the feeling I
knew him from somewhere, the way he talked, his eyes and mouth were all so
familiar but for the life of me I could not place how I knew him. For a
person with an eidetic memory that is frustrating as hell.

Somewhere along the line we began the customary round-robins of 'who you
are' and 'where do you come from.' I knew being the lowest ranking person
at the table I would be skipped over. My place at these kinds of events was
normally nothing more than stage dressing. Sit down, shut up, and color
while the adults talk. Then there's my rule 3 "If you are asked questions
smile and keep your answers short and polite."

I felt free to let my eyes dart around the room. I was trying to take it
all in when I locked onto a familiar form, that of TSgt Sasquamo. Poor
bastard dripped harissa sauce all the way down the front of his shirt. I
kept thinking that's one stain that will never come out. Captain Nelson
noticed what I saw and shook his head.

I was shaken when the Captain Hassan asked, "So young Jono, where do you
come from? How do you know our foods, and how to say I'm sorry like a small
boy?"

Damn I thought. We went all the way around the table and now it was my
turn. I was really hoping I'd be skipped. "I come from a small
unincorporated town up in the Florida panhandle that no one has ever heard
of..."

The Captain interrupted me and said "That is a region not a place."

I mumbled my city name; he cocked an eyebrow as if he didn't hear it
correctly. I then slowly enunciated as my "LA" drawl thickened, "I comes
from Fluffy Landing, Florida. Just down the beach from Niceville" The table
erupted in laughter. "Oh, it gets worse; I grew up just off Jolly Bay." The
laughter returned and intensified, I turned beet red and put my head down
to my chest.

The Captain lifted his hand an inch off the table, and the Saudi side of
the table immediately became silent, the American side followed in kind,
"And the rest of my question?"

I replied, "Papa was a skilled jeweler originally from Al-Hareeq. I can
tell you, there are a lot of Baptist women in Fluffy Landing who have
Arabic script in their wedding bands. I used to love sitting in his lap
listening to the stories of his childhood home in Saudi Arabia. Mom learned
how to cook for him the dishes he enjoyed and missed. They loved each other
greatly. I thought the sun would rise and set at his whim. It was Papa who
taught me chess, backgammon, and how to appreciate science, art, history,
and literature."

An odd smile crept across Captain Hassan's face. "Bank is not an Arab name,
do you have another?"

"My mother's brother gave me the Banks name. In the eyes of the Saudi
government, I am Jono bin Aban Al-Amin. The name was change without my
consent. Please do not judge my uncle too harshly, he did it in love."
Captain Nelson's eyes shot wide open. "Captain Nelson, I take it you have
not received the briefing letter from my director of operations? I am
sorry, you should have been informed that I do have dual citizenship."

It was then Lt Fakhoury (one of the Saudi officers) stated, "Your Papa must
be proud of your posting here."

I saw the panicked look out of Vanessa from the corner of my eye. My throat
tightened and my eyes began to sting as I responded, "I would like to think
so. I hope he looks down and smiles on me. Papa was murdered by a drunk
driver when I was ten." The little voice in my head was screaming, "Rule
three" over and over again.

The poor bastard looked snake bit and tried to recover by adding "Still you
bring honor to your family, they must be proud."

That was all I could take. I could feel waves of grief and sorrow crashing
down on me. I stood quickly and addressed Captain Hassan. The look on his
face was not one of surprise like everyone else at the table it was more
like that of Vanessa. "Please forgive me sir. I'm suddenly not feeling so
well. It has been a long day. I think I should call it a night. Good
evening sirs, Sarge."

As I turned to go I saw the look on Vanessa's face, she was going into full
on momma bear mode. I have no doubt by the time I hit the door she
explained what had happened to my family. I could not handle the pity at
that point. Tears were flowing down my cheeks by the time I reached the
door to the elevator. I felt a big hand on my shoulder. Crap! I cannot deal
with anyone right now... I turned and it was Sasquatch. "Jono, you okay
little buddy?"

As the doors opened I turned and entered the car. As the doors closed, I
dismissively muttered, "Yeah Sas, I'm OKAY."

He spun me around to look me in the face, "Don't lie to me buddy. I know
you're in full crisis mode. You are fighting the tears so hard you are
shaking. Add to that, you are spinning your ring so fast it may cut your
finger off. Remember, I was your rater long before Vanessa was. I know your
tells." Then he pulled me in for a near bone crushing hug. "You are not
alone."

I replied, "I'll be okay Papa Bear. You know this month is hard for me.
It's the anniversary of the crash. Everything's really close to the surface
right now. I should never have taken this TDY. After what I just did, I
will probably have orders back to Germany in the morning. Sas, did you
volunteer for this TDY because of me?"

He nodded in the affirmative, "Jono, why did you take this assignment?"

"It's the only way I can make enough money to save the last piece of the
old homestead."

"I'll always be here for you buddy. If you need to talk you know where my
door is."

"Thank you." I pointed at the now dried and set stain on his shirt and
smiled. "Sarge, you need to go change, soak that, and get your butt back to
the banquet before you are missed. Thanks again for being here. Really, I
will be okay. I just need a little 'alone' time. By the way Sarge which
site did you get?"

"Riyadh," he said with disgust, "I hate being this close to the brass, and
I hate wearing my blues, almost as much as I hate the fucking heat."

"Sas, if I had your fruit salad (ribbons and medals) I would wear my blues
every day. As to the posting, ask Captain Nelson, maybe he'll give you my
posting to Al Kharj." He smiled and walked down to his room as I entered
mine. I was almost overjoyed to see that the dry cleaning was already in
the room. Who knew they had a "one hour dry cleaners" in the hotel. Sadly
the washables were not ready, but there was a note promising they would be
there in the morning.

I flipped through the TV channels mindlessly. After about an hour or so, I
figured I may as well go to bed to rest for tomorrow's dramas. Damn, my
pajamas are at the cleaners, "fucking dog." Well there is at least a fluffy
bathrobe in the bathroom. I was just about to strip off my uniform and jump
in the shower when I was disturbed by a knock at the door.

I opened the door to see Captain Hassan standing there. I blushed in shame
and dropped my gaze. I started to apologize for my behavior. His hand came
up and cupped my cheek, "Your sergeant explained all. Sergeant Gilmore has
also informed me you appreciate having time in nature when you are
troubled. This hotel has a wonderful cafe in the arboretum. Would you care
to join me for some tea before bed?"

Just about everyone is bigger than I but, damn. This man was so tall and
muscular; he practically filled the whole door frame. The look of
compassion on his face took me off guard. He reminded me so much of my
papa, right down to the narrow well-trimmed beard. I told him, "Thank you
Sir, I would love to have some tea."

We took the elevator down to the lobby and walked out to the cafe in the
covered garden. Tables were separated by banks of what looked and smelled
like jasmine vine. The smell was overwhelming. Throw in a bit of magnolia,
with a touch of jacaranda, and it could have been home. Eyes were turning
as we strolled through the garden to our seats. As we approached he heard
my stomach growl. With my outburst I didn't get much dinner.

The waiter approached and the Captain placed an order for both of us. I
again apologized for disrupting the dinner. He looked at me and said,
"There is a limit to how much pain any man can endure. You have borne your
share and then some. You stayed longer than most would have in your place.
When you realized you could not handle any more, you removed yourself with
skill, tact, and grace. You did not make a scene." He put his hand in the
center of my chest. "I believe your heart to be strong, and ruled by a wise
head."

The waiter approached with our tea and a small plate of kleeja. I smiled,
"Momma and me used to make these for Papa. He would always pull me onto his
lap and feed me the first one. Thank you; it is such a happy memory." The
Captain smiled picking one up and touched it to my lips. I let it slip
through, until his finger touched my lower lip. At that point he released
the cardamom cookie into my mouth. When I had swallowed, I closed my eyes
and I pulled my lower lip into my mouth to get the last bit of oil film
that remained on it. Again I said thank you. We sat and drank our tea and
talked for hours.

He told me of how he lost his mother last year. He could not imagine how it
would be to lose his entire family as I had. I told him how my Uncle Jack
adopted me after the death of my parents. I told him how happy he took me
as his boy, but that I was annoyed with the Banks name. "Uncle Jack didn't
trust Papa much and kept him at arm's length. Sad to say Jack was a bit of
a bigot, I once overheard him talking to one of the other ranchers. It
turned my stomach when he said he didn't mind selling 'them' horses, but
they had no right taking his baby sister. It was as if he didn't accept
half of me. When he took Papa's name from me it was as if he was calling me
a bastard. Don't get me wrong I love my uncle, I just didn't care for how
he treated people." The look on the captain's face was perfect. It was not
one of surprise, or pity, it was full of compassion and care.

"Did I hear you correctly at dinner when you said you spoke Persian and so
many other languages?"

I smiled telling him, "My family was well known for our line of horses. In
addition to Papa's jewelry business, he was also an importer of fine
furnishings, and very active in the charities sponsored by his mosque. He
would often take me on buying and charity mission trips with him. It was as
if each time we went somewhere new, I came home with a new language or
dialect. As far as the Persian, that was a gift from Merhadad and Afsoon
Ghorbani. They ran the group home I moved to after Jack passed. They
escaped Iran after Shah Pahlavi fled. In Iran he was a professor of
archaeology and she was a Veterinarian. Now he was forced to be an
elementary school teacher."

I had to explain what a group home was, "It's where DCF puts the
'difficult' to place children. Our home was filled with special needs kids.
Either physically or emotionally damaged children. I was very lucky, our
families had not only been neighbors, and we were very close. They asked
DCF for me. The Ghorbani's treated all of us like we were their own
children. I was also glad they were horse people too, their family bred
Arabian horses, and their line is well known like ours was. Uncle Jack was
a thoroughbred breeder. He thought it was silly, I liked the Arabians
better. Still, he and dad got together and bought my first horse Fajera
from Merhadad for my seventh birthday."

"Because I skipped three grades during primary school, I graduated high
school at 14. My family's estate was divided between the taxes, and the
hospitals for both my care and then Jack's care. All I have been able to
save is the old homestead. Most people tell me to just sell it and use the
proceeds to go to college. I just can't, its home, it's all I have left.
Sadly, I am still in jeopardy of losing it. After the bills from the estate
were settled, we didn't have enough money for me to go to college. I was
too young to get a job so, I would help Afsoon cook and care for the other
children who looked at me as their big brother."

He laughed; no doubt at the thought of me being big anything. "I would also
help out around the ranch, just like I helped out on my father's. In
exchange for my work around the ranch, the Ghorbani's kept the taxes
current on the homestead. When I enlisted I couldn't keep asking them for
help." We continued talking about our careers; he started poking at my
ribbon rack asking what each of my three ribbons meant. I laughed, "The one
on the end is the worthless one, it is the BMTS ribbon every enlisted
graduate of basic military training gets one. Logic dictates that if you're
wearing the uniform, you graduated boot camp."

He poked the green one "I told him that is my small arms marksmanship
ribbon; the star in the middle says that I am an expert both in long rifles
and handguns. The last one is my Honor Graduate ribbon. That is the one I'm
proud of because it says I graduated in the top of my class and academics
and deportment." The Captain asked me why Vanessa calls me Taz on occasion.
"That is my call-sign sir. When I get on a task that must be done, I can
become target fixated. I move quickly until it gets done. I have been told
I occasionally bump into things in this mode." I was yawning as I saw we
were alone in the cafe.

"I am sorry young one, I have kept you up till late in the night and you
will have a long day tomorrow. We should get you to bed."

"Oh yes, I had almost forgotten, my bathrobe is calling." He looked at me
confused, "My pajamas had not come back from the laundry yet and I don't
like sleeping in the buff. I'll probably be sleeping in the bathrobe. If I
can sleep at all." He laughed as I continued, "Thank you sir, for salvaging
what could have been a horrible night." He pulled me close until my face
was buried in his chest and hugged me. I could feel his strong slow
heartbeat; it was regular as my metronome. Part of it felt odd, but I felt
safe and very cared for. He walked me to the elevator and wished me good
night saying, "Welcome home to 'OUR' Kingdom little one."

As the elevator door closed I saw him pick up the front desk courtesy phone
and dial.

When I entered the room I saw the light on my phone letting me know there
was a message waiting. It was Vanessa demanding I call her as soon as I get
back to my room. I dialed, "Hey Nessa."

"Where the hell have you been Jono?!? First night in country and you bust
bed check? Do you know how worried I've been? We have standing orders not
to go out alone. Damn straight not out at night either. The captain is
pissed. You had better have a fucking good explanation!"

"Nessa, I did not leave the hotel. Captain Hassan came to apologize for
upsetting me and ensure I was okay. He took me out for mint tea and
cookies. I told him it was my issue, not his. And how neither he, nor his
people did anything wrong. We talked for a while about my family, and how
he lost his mother. We just talked and I was never alone." She continued
pressing me for more information for about 30 minutes.

"Oooooh, what a slut puppy you are! You are quick. In-country less than a
day and you've already had a date. I may just have to reassess that whole
shy thing you got going on. Clearly, I am gonna have to keep a better eye
on you!"

"Nessa enough, it wasn't a date. He just felt bad that I left the banquet
and wanted to make sure I was okay. Plus I think he could do better than
hitting on an under developed virgin who looks more like a Q-tip."

There was a knock at the door. The bellhop announced, "Package for Mr.
Banks." I took the fancy blue shirt box with a gold embossed logo on it and
thanked him.

Vanessa asked, "Who the hell is sending you a package at one in the
morning."

I opened the box. There was a card sitting on top of a pair of jade green
silk pajamas and a royal blue pair under those. The card read, "The dog
sends his apologies. Goodnight Jono."

"Jono's got a boyfriend... Goodnight pal. Don't worry about Benny and Sas.
I'll smooth things out with them. The Captain wants me to call him when you
get in. Don't forget to set an alarm for 6, so we can get some breakfast
before we head in for orientation, Slut Puppy." With that final teasing jab
we hung up.



-- Continued