Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Fri, 12 Sep 2025 14:36:50 +0300
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 19 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Dear readers, I apologize for not publishing my story for so long. I had a
period of creative stagnation when I couldn't move forward with my plot,
which is why I didn't publish the next chapter for so long. But today I
will publish it and hopefully make some of my readers happy. I wish you
pleasant reading, and if you have any suggestions, I will be happy to take
them into account. You can write to me by email: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 19 part

It was a Saturday afternoon when I was already at Kirill's house at 6
a.m. and we went jogging. Kostya joined us and the three of us were already
running. Kirill set the pace of our run, and I had already got into this
rhythm, so my breathing was stable. We ran to the end of the street and
there was a big field in front of us and a forest behind it and we ran in
that direction. We reached the forest and decided to rest a bit so we could
run on again. Kostya pulled out his cock and started to piss. I was looking
at his cock and Kostya said to Kirill:

- Kirill, look at this slut, he is ready even now to suck our cocks.

- Kostya, when we run back, then let him suck our sweaty dicks, but now we
need to rest a little and start running again. We have competitions ahead
of us and we need to be ready for them, so Kostya, first we do what we need
for the fight, and then we can have fun.

- You're boring Kirill, I'd waffle that faggot right now and then we can go
on running.

- I said not now, we've got more important things to do than giving that
faggot a mouthful.

Kirill pissed too, and we ran on. For Kirill it was important to prepare
for the competition, and Kostya liked to combine training and sex, I was a
toy in his hands, and if it wasn't for Kirill, he would still put me on my
knees and make me suck his cock. We ran through a small forest, turned to a
field and from there a straight path to Kirill's house. Today Kirill had
increased the distance and instead of 5km, we ran 10km. Tired and out of
breath, we went into Kirill's room and after walking through it we entered
his gym. Kostya immediately stripped naked and threw his clothes in the
corner of the room and fell on the mat, which was lying in the other
corner, on which we often wrestled.

- Hey faggot, get to your duties.

I got up to walk over to Kostya and start sucking his cock.

- Kostya, give him some rest, we still have to wrestle together.

- Let him rest on my cock. Come on faggot, suck my cock.

I lowered my head on Kostya's cock and started sucking it. Kirill was
watching this and got very excited and came over to us, took me by the hair
and turned my head to his cock so that I would suck his cock now. I started
sucking Kirill's cock and Kostya came up behind me and attached himself to
my ass. He lubed my asshole and slid his cock into me. It hurt, and I
pulled away from Kirill's cock and cried out.

- Shut your mouth, you fucking whore, Kostya told me and started fucking
me.

Kirill brought my head back to his cock again and I continued sucking on
his cock. Kostya was enjoying having sex with me and even started singing a
song. The lyrics of his song were simple as he was just making them up from
his attitude towards me. To him I was a whore, cocksucker, faggot, asshole
and generally a hole for any dick. Kirill was fucking my mouth, but then he
told Kostya to switch places and now Kirill was fucking my ass and Kostya
was fucking my mouth. They cum at the same time and filled me with their
cum and I was taking their seed into me.

- What a satisfied slut, said Kostya, to Kirill. Look at him, he's covered
in our cum and I guarantee that if you took another guy here to fuck this
homo, it wouldn't be enough for him.

- Kostya, we're going to train now, so we won't go swimming yet, but we
could have a cup of coffee.

- That's a good suggestion. Who's going to make us coffee?

- Stepan will, especially since he is well oriented in my kitchen.

I got dressed and went to the kitchen to make coffee for the guys, while
they lay down on the mat and rested.

- Now we'll drink coffee and wrestle with you, and then each of us will
wrestle with Stepan.

- Listen Kirill, can't we exclude Stepan from the lists, so that this
faggot won't be on the list of candidates for the competition?

- No Kostya, it's not my initiative, but the coach's, and I'd like you to
train with him to the fullest, I want to see your data to tell the coach
that you can be at the competitions.

- So the coach doesn't want me to compete?

- He thinks that Stepan is a better fighter than you and you have to prove
to the coach that you can show the best result too.

- Fuck, that faggot beat me here too. I'll give him a wrestling match
tonight that he'll remember me for a long time.

- Kostya, in our business revenge is not acceptable and that's why you have
to show a good result, not your attitude towards Stepan. Calling him a
faggot won't make you a better fighter, especially since I'm teaching him,
so start fighting him as a worthy opponent, not as a faggot, do you
understand?

Kostya was annoyed by this conversation, but agreed that I should fight him
as a worthy opponent.

- Bitch, I'm gonna tear that faggot apart.

- What happened in our classes is nothing like what's going to happen
today. You were commanding Stepan and wanted to embarrass him in front of
the guys, and here you have to show what you are, so Kostya, I want to see
you fight.

I came in with coffee, and Kirill told me:

- Stepan, you are about to fight Kostya, and I want you to fight him as an
equal. There will be no master and faggot in this fight, you are candidates
for competition by the status of wrestling for me, and I want you both to
show yourselves what you are good for. Finish your coffee and start
fighting each other. Stepan, do you understand me? You're not the faggot
Kostya commands, you're a wrestler, and I want to see results from you.

- I understand you Kirill.

- That's good.

We finished our coffee and started wrestling. Now I could fight not the way
Kostya wanted me to fight, but the way I really fight, and Kostya didn't
expect me to, Kirill helped me a lot in this and Kostya often lay on my
shoulder blades.

 - Well, I didn't expect this from you, faggot? I didn't even realize you
were such a good fighter.

- I told you that Stepan is better than you, you just don't know him and
treat him like a faggot, because I turn a blind eye to a lot of
things. Kostya, if I want, Stepan will never obey you, but for now I need
you in his upbringing and that's the only reason why I don't tell you
anything and Stepan does what you want, because I told Stepan that he
should listen to you.

I listened to what Kirill said to Kostya for me and I was grateful to
Kirill that even though I was a faggot, Kirill appreciated me and Kostya
just neglected me.

- Do you want me to show you how Stepan and I fight?

- Show me, it's interesting.

- Stepan, I want you to give your best and show Kostya who you really are,
so you should fight with me as an opponent, not as a Master, do you
understand me?

- Yes, Master, I do.

- Good boy, now get in position and show yourself for what you are to this
upstart.

- Did you call me an upstart?

- Yes, Kostya, I called you that, and I have my reasons, which I'll tell
you later.

- You know what Kirill, I'm going home and I don't think you'd like it if I
told all the guys about your relationship.

- I don't advise you to do that, but to watch our fight, I advise you very
much and leave your emotions and calm down, you don't know what I can tell
you personally to calm you down, do you?

Kostya sat in the corner and watched our fight.

I did my best to show myself to Kostya as I really am. Our fight with
Kirill was tough. Kirill threw me hard, sharply, but I didn't give up, even
though I felt tired. I also threw Kirill on his back several times and
pressed him to the floor, and Kostya began to realize that I was not just a
faggot, whom he could humiliate and fuck in the ass, but a worthy opponent
and Kostya would lose in a fight with me. Kirill and I were getting very
tired and at some point Kirill puts me on my shoulder blades and lies on
top of me with all his weight. I feel his cock, which starts to harden, and
I look into his eyes and realize that he is very pleased with me.

- I'm going to fuck you tonight, Kirill said quietly in my ear so that
Kostya wouldn't hear it and got up off me.

- I want to hear your opinion about our fight?

- I just didn't expect such skill from that faggot.

- Well, if you didn't expect it, then listen to me carefully and
remember. You will no longer call him a faggot or call him names. Because
you won't like it when Stepan puts you down and humiliates you among the
guys.

- Kirill, you want me not to call him a faggot? But he's a faggot and a
cocksucker.

- Kostya, I'm telling you one more time and I won't say it again. You don't
call him a faggot anymore, is that clear to you, or should I explain it in
a more popular way?

Kostya looked at Kirill with bewilderment, but he didn't agree with not
calling me names.

- Kirill, he is a faggot for me and will remain a faggot.

- You can think what you want about him, but you won't call him that
anymore.

- I don't understand why you're suddenly changing your mind about him. You
yourself allowed me to humiliate him and even in the shower room to fuck
him in the ass, in the struggle he had to take my cock in his mouth through
the form and I pretended to fuck him.

- Now it won't happen anymore, and you won't touch Stepan anymore
either. He's going to compete, and I don't want you calling him names.

- It's a shock to me. Will you take off his collar?

- No, he's my slave and I want everyone to know that.

- Fuck, Kirill, you've got me stumped with this whole thing. What am I
supposed to think about all this now?

- It's not your headache. Stepan belongs to me and will only follow my
orders, he won't listen to you anymore.

- So why don't I quit the fight?

- It's your own business, I can't decide for you, but if you leave the
fight, you'll regret it, and I wouldn't want that. Now you've got the
motivation to put in the hard work and step up your game so you can beat
Stepan. So what are you gonna tell me? Are you gonna quit, or are you gonna
wrestle harder?

- I need to think about it. You've poured so much information on me that I
don't know how to feel about Stepan after everything that's happened.

- I'm not telling you to love him, just don't call him names anymore and
treat him like a worthy opponent and then I'll see what you can do with
Stepan if your wrestling results are better than his.

- I understand you Kirill and that's why I'm going home to think things
over.

Kostya got dressed and before he left the gym Kirill came up to him and
whispered something in his ear and I saw Kostya blush and leave Kirill's
house embarrassed.

- Master, may I know what you said in his ear that Kostya left embarrassed?

- You don't need to know. You're going to wash my clothes now, then you and
I will eat and rest, and in the evening I'll race you in the gym. I want
you to be strong and be able to put Kostya on his back quickly, and for
that you have to train with me very hard. Now take my clothes and go wash
them.

Kirill was lying on the bed and his things were scattered around the
room. I picked up his things and went to wash them. I enjoyed doing
Kirill's laundry and when I washed them, I went into the room and Kirill
was watching wrestling lessons on his phone and he called me over and we
started watching together and he commented on some of the moments and told
me that we were going to do this style of wrestling too. When the broadcast
was over, he and I got dressed and went down to the kitchen. His mom had
already made us breakfast and we had a good meal. Kirill warned his mom
that I would stay with him until Monday so that his mom would know how much
cooking she would need to do and we went to the room and lay down together
on the bed and soon fell asleep. I was pleased that Kirill was hugging me
and if he punished me, it was on business, where I made mistakes myself.

Gosha stayed by himself this weekend and his cock was in a cage, and I
didn't think about him and his problem, I didn't care about him, and he was
tormented by the desire to jerk off, but I wasn't around, and Kostya spent
the whole weekend with Ivan. I later began to notice that Kostya had an
unhealthy interest in Ivan and they were spending a lot of time together
and I began to follow them, but I would write about that later, but now I
was in Kirill's arms and we were enjoying each other. Kirill was not in a
hurry to reveal his feelings for me, but I understood it from his actions
that he showed to me and realized that he really loves me, but he can't
explain in words. We got some sleep and Kirill took me to his gym and we
started wrestling. Some techniques that Kirill watched today, we practiced
with him for the first time and that's why we tried to get the most out of
such techniques and that's why we repeated them many times until we
understood the essence of how such techniques work.



When we were tired from the training and sat down to rest, Kirill said the
following to me:

- I would like to go together with you to the dormitory and look at your
slave, how he does your orders and if I do not like how you teach and
punish him, then your fate will change finally, and you will not only be my
slave, but also your roommate.

I was frightened by Kirill's words and decided to do everything to Gosha in
such a way that Kirill would like my power over Gosha. We washed up and
went to the dorm. Gosha was lying on the bed and as soon as he saw me, he
got off the bed and fell on his knees in front of me. He started kissing my
feet and confessed to me how he wanted to serve me. Kirill lay on my bed
and just watched what was happening.

- Listen to me, you fucking faggot, you are going to serve my Master well
now, because he wants you to suck his cock and if my Master doesn't like
the way you serve him, I will beat you so much that you will regret that
you were born at all. He got up quickly and got to work.

Gosha got up, walked over to Kirill, unzipped his pants and pulled out his
cock. He knelt down in front of Kirill and started sucking his cock
thoroughly and Kirill turned sideways so that Gosha could suck his cock
comfortably. I could see that Kirill even closed his eyes because he was
enjoying himself so I went over to Kirill and started massaging his
ass. Kirill was just getting high from that and then he told me to start
licking his asshole. I lay behind him, pulled his buns apart and started
licking his asshole. Kirill was really turned on by this and he started
cumming into Gosha's mouth, who was swallowing his cum. When Kirill
finished pouring his cum into Gosha's mouth, he lay down on my bed and told
me to fuck Gosha. I put Gosha in a doggy position and started fucking
him. Gosha moaned from me, and since I wanted to fuck him in the ass as
roughly as possible, I tried to do it with the full length of my cock and
drove my cock into him roughly and quickly and Gosha gave in and he started
begging and pleading with me not to hurt him so much and Kirill told me to
fuck Gosha gently. I fucked Gosha, poured my cum in his ass and when I got
up from my knees Kirill told me:

- "Faggot, I was thinking.

- What my Master is thinking.

- I need a banana for something I've been thinking about, and you're gonna
run to the store and get one.

- Master, we have bananas in the refrigerator.

- So, why the fuck are you silent? Give them here.

I opened the fridge, took out a banana and gave it to Kirill. Kirill got up
from the bed and went over to Gosha, who was still standing upright, and
Kirill peeled the banana and started shoving it up his ass. When Kirill had
shoved the banana up Gosha's ass, he told me to now lick Gosha's asshole
until all the banana that was in there I had eaten. Now I licked Gosha's
asshole and he sulked little by little and the banana came out of him and I
ate the banana and licked his point. When I ate all the banana that was in
Gosha's ass and wanted to get up, Kirill said:

- And now Gosha, you have to fart very hard in my faggot's mouth. And you
faggot opened your mouth wide and pressed it against Gosha's asshole.

I was in shock from such decisions of Kirill, but I could not disobey him
and so I opened my mouth and pressed it against Gosha's asshole, and he in
turn tensed up and farted in my mouth. It was so disgusting, like getting
shit in my mouth, and Kirill started laughing at me and then told me to
stand up.

- How was it, faggot, did you enjoy eating the banana?

- Yes, sir, it did.

 - Well, then it was nice for you to enjoy your farts, wasn't it, faggot?

- Yes, sir, you're right as always.

- All right, get dressed and let's go, Gosha's resting.

- Sir, I wanted to take him with me.

- Why?

- To put him in a cage.

- He's already in a cage, and you have no fucking mercy for him. Look how
he looks at you and expects you to have mercy on him, am I right, Gosia?

- Yes sir, you're right.

- Let him go, at least for this weekend he'll have a break from the cage of
chastity.

- No sir, I won't do that for him, the only thing I can do for him is to go
to the bathroom with him and let him wash his dick.

- He's your slave, so if you think he should be caged, that's your right,
just make it quick, I still have some work to do.

I went to the bathroom with Gosha and gave him a chance to wash his cock
and Gosha asked me hard to give him some freedom for the weekend, but I
didn't agree and when Gosha had washed his cock I locked him in the cage
again and we went back to the room. Kirill was on the phone with Kostya at
this time, and they agreed that Kostya would come to his house by
9pm. Kirill and I went back to his house and he took me to the gym, ordered
me to strip naked, and when I did, he took all my clothes from me, took a
belt and started beating me all over my body with it. He beat me for a long
time and I cried in front of him and begged him to have mercy on me, but he
paid no attention to me until he got tired of beating me and then ordered
me to get into the cage and when I did, Kirill closed it, turned off the
lights and left the gym. At 9 p.m., Kostya and Ivan came to him and they
all went to the gym, where I was naked in the cage. I closed my eyes
because the light was blinding and when I opened my eyes, I saw Kostya and
Ivan looking at me with happy faces.

- So faggot, do you enjoy sitting in a cage?

I looked at Kostya and answered:

- Yes sir, it feels good.

- Bitch, I want to strangle him so badly, Ivan said.

- You don't have to do that to him, but until 11pm he's yours to do with as
you see fit, Kirill said and left the gym.

- Fucking faggot, did you hear what Kirill said?

- Yes Sir, I heard, I answered Ivan, who was already rubbing his hands
together to start bullying me. Kostya opened the cage and told me to crawl
out of it. The cage was small so I could only crawl into it and there was
nothing else I could do. All my limbs were in a bent state and they were
getting stiff very quickly. Kostya himself had chosen this cage for me and
when I crawled out of it, I crawled up to Kostya's legs and started licking
them.

- See Ivan, this faggot knows what to do and he sucks cock very well,
doesn't he, faggot?

- Yes sir, it's true.

- Do you know why we're here, faggot?

- No sir, I don't.

- Why don't you think hard and understand why we're here?

- No, sir, I really don't.

- All right, then we're gonna work with you until you get your mind
right. Ivan take this belt and start beating this faggot, he's getting dumb
and can't understand why we're here.

Ivan took the belt and started hitting me with it. He hit me all over my
body and he didn't care where he hit me, but he tried not to hit me in the
face. I was spinning from the pain and it was bad too, because Ivan would
then hit other parts of my body and from the pain I would spin again and
the belt would hit the old blows or other parts of my body. Ivan hated me
and always wanted to humiliate me, but there was only one thing holding him
back, respect for Kirill, and today his dream came true, Kirill himself
allowed to beat Stepan and he was not present here, so that he would not
see how Kostya and Ivan would beat Stepan. Stepan spun on the floor and
tried to dodge the blows of the belt, but he only received new blows, and
they were strong. Stepan began to beg for mercy, but in response only the
whistling of the belt and pain on his body, and when Ivan got tired of
beating Stepan, Kostya took the belt and began to beat him. Stepan begged,
cried, asked him to stop beating him and he would do anything not to feel
such pain anymore, but Kostya did not react to Stepan's pleas and beat him
until he got tired of it. Ivan replaced him and started beating Stepan
again and so they switched with each other and beat Stepan and his body was
all red from the blows and his face was crying and begging for pity. Kostya
and Ivan were sitting on a bench when Kirill came in. He looked at Stepan,
who was badly beaten and begged pitifully for mercy.

Kirill sat down next to Kostya and looked at Stepan, who crawled up to him
and kissed his feet, begging very tearfully to be pardoned.

- Before you and I left the dorm, do you remember what I told you?

Stepan began to quickly remember what Kirill had told him and before his
eyes surfaced the image of Gosha, who asked for mercy and Kirill turned to
Stepan and told him: "Let him go, at least for this weekend he will have a
break from the cage of chastity." Now Stepan understood why Kostya and Ivan
were here and began to beg Kirill that he would not do this to Gosha again
and would now go to the dorm and free him.

- Now you don't have to go anywhere, you'll be locked in your cage all
night, it's faster to understand what I'm telling you and what you need to
pay attention to. Now you get in your cage and no one gets in until
morning. You'll have plenty of time to think, and you'll give me your
answer in the morning when I come in here.

Kirill went out with Kostya and Ivan and turned off the light, and I sat in
the cage and cried because I was badly beaten and my whole body hurt, plus
I could not move because of the small size of the cage and my Master was
not happy with me. It's hard for me to even convey the horror of this
upcoming night and I don't know how I will survive it. Every minute seemed
like an eternity to me, I thought that this night would never end and being
in this position, I realized that I simply could not survive. As I was
lamenting my situation, I heard footsteps and a light came on in the
room. I closed my eyes against the bright light, and when I opened them,
Kirill was standing in front of me.

- So faggot, how do you feel? Do you want to be free?

- Yes, Master, I want it very much and for that I will do everything you
tell me.

- Are you really willing to do whatever it takes to get you out of this
cage?

- Yes sir, I'm ready for anything.

- Then you're gonna go to the toilet and eat my shit and when you eat it,
then I'll believe you're ready for anything. So do you want me to release
you, or have you changed your mind?

I realized that if I stayed in the cage a little longer, I would not be
able to move normally, as my legs were stiff and I could no longer feel
them, so I decided to take such a desperate step and told Kirill that I was
ready. He opened the cage and I struggled to get out of it and Kirill gave
me time to get the circulation back in me and after that we went to the
toilet with him and he told me to lie on the floor and open my mouth. I lay
on the floor and opened my mouth and Kirill squatted down and his ass was
over my face.

- You're going to eat my shit now and don't you dare spit it out or you'll
lick it all up with your tongue later.

I didn't expect Kirill to do that, but I didn't want to back down, because
I'd rather eat his shit than stay in the cage all night in such an
uncomfortable position, so I accepted my fate and prepared to overpower
myself to eat Kirill's shit. Kirill farted a lot and the stench filled my
mouth and I was so disgusted that I thought, how am I going to eat his shit
if his farts make me sick? But before I could even think about it, Kirill's
asshole started to open and his poop came out. It stretched out slowly and
got very big, and I closed my eyes and thought, whatever happens, but I
have to eat it so I don't get caged again. The poop came off and fell into
my mouth. I tried to eat it as fast as I could, but it was so disgusting
and made me want to vomit that I was afraid I would spit it all out and
then Kirill would make me lick it up with his tongue and I ate his shit
through my disgust and Kirill got up, turned to face me and pointed his
cock at me and sucked on my mouth so I could swallow his shit completely. I
drank his piss and Kirill sat his ass on my face again and I started
licking his point so it was clean of his shit. When I licked Kirill's ass,
he got up off my face and said:

- Every time you don't show mercy to Gosha, I will always punish you in
this way, and if you don't understand that you should at least sometimes
understand your slave and do him favors, I will make a video of me shitting
in your mouth and you eating my shit and drinking my piss and I will put
this video on the Internet and then you will have a fun life in the school,
do you understand me faggot?

- Yes sir, I understand you.

- Now you go back to the gym and get in the cage, I won't close the door so
you can stretch your legs, but you sleep in it all night. Go on, get out of
here, you're annoying me with your stupidity.

I went to the gym, got in the cage and my legs were outside of it and so I
slept until morning. In the morning Kirill came into the room and woke me
up.

- Get up, faggot, we have to go jogging. I'm waiting for you outside, you
have 5 minutes to do everything.

Kirill went out, and I quickly got ready, ran to the toilet to take a piss
and went outside. We went for a run. This time Kirill didn't run fast,
giving me a chance to keep up with him, but we ran for a long time and at
the edge of the forest we stopped to catch our breath and take a piss. Then
we ran back and when we got to his house, Kostya was waiting for us.

- Did something happen?

- No, I overslept, but I wanted to study with you anyway.

- Let's go.

We entered the house and went straight to the gym. We wrestled with each
other for a long time, until we were completely exhausted and sat down on a
bench to rest.

- How was Ivan, Kirill asked Kostya.

- What do you want to hear?

- Well, you two spend time together all the time now, so I asked, how is
he?

- He's fine, Kostya answered evasively.

- I'd like him to come to my place on weekends, too, so we can all train
together, so you can tell him that.

- Okay, I'll tell him.

- Kostya, do you often visit Ivan?

- I can't say I do, but why are you interested in it, Kirill?

- I'm just asking leading questions and I'm very curious, how close you've
become to each other?

- Kirill, I can't understand you, what are you implying?

- I'm not hinting, I'm saying what I began to notice in your relationship,
because before you were never together, and then suddenly such a sudden
change in your relationship, so I'm asking how close you have become?

- Stop it Kirill with your hints, we have normal relations.

- All right, I'll be very blunt. This is my slave, and you know it. You've
fucked and punished him more than once when I let you. Between you, who's
the master and who's the slave?

- Fuck you Kirill, with your paranoia, we're not fags to have a
relationship like you have with that faggot.

Kostya got very excited and got up from the bench and wanted to leave, but
Kirill stopped him and said:

- Kostya, don't leave, I didn't mean to offend you, I was just curious to
know what your relationship was like and having gotten your reaction, I
apologize to you.

Kostya grumbled some more and left after all. I looked at Kirill and wanted
to understand what he was up to, because he was right that the relationship
between Kostya and Ivan had become very close, and he thought that they
loved each other, or at least one of them did, and the other was just
taking advantage of the opportunity, and Kirill wanted to find out. From
this conversation, he realized that he had hit a nerve and most likely
Kostya is a fag for Ivan, and Ivan just fucks him in the ass, but it should
be clarified and Kirill turned to me.

- Listen to me carefully faggot, I want to know everything about this
couple, where they go, what they do, who is the most frequent guest of
whom, and if you also find out which of them is which, then this
information will not be worth the price. Now let's go to the shower, you
wash me and I'll fuck you and after that you can go to the dorm, just
remember my lesson and don't forget it.

We went to the shower, I washed Kirill, then knelt down in front of him and
started sucking his cock. Kirill quickly became aroused, and he took my
head in his hands and started fucking my mouth.

- Faggot, you have no idea the bliss I get from dominating you. Yesterday,
I realized my desire in you and experienced the sheer pleasure of shitting
in that fucking mouth. Now I want to get information from you as quickly as
possible about Bones and Ivan's relationship. I somehow think that Kostya
is a faggot, why he always treated you so harshly, to hide his faggot
state, but I will expose him, if I find out that he is a faggot, you will
fuck him in the ass, I guarantee you that.

Kirill fucked my mouth and opened my desires at the same time, then he put
me on my back and started fucking me in the ass. When he drained his cum
into me, he and I cleaned up, I got dressed and walked to the dorm. While I
was walking I was thinking about what Kirill had said and I wanted to know
about the relationship between Kostya and Ivan, I also wanted to give Gosha
freedom from the chastity cage today, but when I entered the room, just
looking at Gosha made me very angry and I couldn't control myself and I
started hitting him and pulling his hair until my rage subsided. Gosha sat
under the bed in fear and looked at me with his pitiful eyes, and I looked
at him and he was just disgusting to me, but the moment when Kirill was
shitting in my mouth came back to me and I showed Gosha with my finger to
get out from under the bed. Gosha fearfully did so and I took the key and
took the chastity cage off him and told him he only had until
morning. Gosha fell at my feet and started kissing them, but since I
despised him I pushed him away from me and lay down on my bed, now I had to
set up surveillance on Kostya and I decided to start that tomorrow and rest
today. I closed my eyes and didn't notice how I fell into a dream. In the
evening before dinner, Gosha woke me up to go to dinner, but I didn't want
to go, so he brought dinner to my room and when I ate, Gosha started
licking my feet.

I lay there and thought about how I could set up a surveillance on Kostya,
as Kirill's words that Kostya was a faggot did not give me peace. Gosha
licked my legs and my dick stood up and then Gosha started licking my balls
and sucking my dick. I didn't feel like fucking Gosha and so Gosha brought
me to orgasm with his mouth and ate my cum.  Now he was free and he lay
down on his bed and I told him to start slowly and leisurely jerking his
dick. Gosha started to slowly run his hand over his cock and his cock grew
and looked so beautiful that I wanted to suck it and I got up from the bed
and walked over to Gosha. He looked at me in fear, not knowing what to
expect from me, but I told him to move forward and lay down next to him.

- Do you want to have sex with me?

- Sir, what do you mean?

- You want to fuck me?

- Sir, I can't fuck you as only you can fuck me.

- I'm giving you that opportunity. So you want to do it with me.

- Sir, if you want me to fuck you, I will.

- Just do it good and fuck me hard, okay?

- Yes sir, got it.

I stooped down to his cock and took it in my mouth and started sucking
it. Gosha was puzzled and at the same time was sexually aroused. I sucked
his cock and enjoyed its length and hardness. I wanted that cock in my ass
and I told Gosha to fuck me. I got up on all fours and Gosha fitted himself
behind me and his cock touched my anus and I let out a moan and Gosha put
his cock inside me and started fucking my ass. He fucked good, fast, hard,
just like I wanted, but he couldn't last long and started cumming in me. I
wanted more, but I realized that I needed time for Gosha to recover, so I
stayed on his bed and told him that he would fuck me one more time, but I
needed his help to keep a close eye on Kostya and Ivan, because there was
an assumption that Kostya was a faggot and Ivan was fucking him in the ass.

- If you will be my ears and eyes, you will have a privilege from me and I
will let you fuck me, but only for reliable information, do you understand
me?

- Yes sir, I understand you and I won't let you down.

- In the meantime you can suck my dick until you get aroused and then you
can fuck me again.

Gosha started sucking my dick, and I lay back and enjoyed how skillfully he
was doing it. I was horny and I wanted sex, so I started sucking his cock
and when Gosha got horny he started fucking me and I moaned and screamed
from his cock. Gosha fucked me and poured his cum in my ass and I asked him
not to take his cock out of my ass but to lie on me until I told him to get
up off me. Gosha was lying on top of me and his cock was in my asshole and
I was just enjoying such a high.

- Tell me faggot, did you enjoy fucking me?

- Yes sir, it felt good.

- Would you fuck me all the time but be my slave?

- Yes sir, I would do it for you.

- I knew it. Okay, I'll think about it, but you faggot remember my
assignment?

- Yes sir, I remember to be your ears and your eyes and report to you on
all of Bones and Ivan's activities.

- Good for you for remembering, but I'll need the results of your
surveillance of them. Now let's go to bed.

Gosha got off me, and we went to the shower, washed ourselves and went to
bed. In the morning Gosha did his chores and when he drank my piss, I took
the chastity cage and put it on his cock.

- That way you will do the work faster for me so I can reward you for it.

I silently left the room and went to breakfast and from there I went to my
lessons. I found out what Kostya's lessons were and at every break I
watched him and Ivan, plus Gosha was plugged into that too and we had four
eyes and four ears watching them and listening to everything they
said. Then Gosha would come to me and tell me everything he saw and what he
heard and I would put all this information together and report it to
Kirill. Kirill, on his part, was also collecting information about this
couple, but so far, from the information we had gathered about them, we
couldn't say that Kostya was a faggot and Ivan was fucking him in the
ass. Lessons were coming to an end and I excused myself to the toilet, as I
had a feeling, and I quickly ran through the toilets, hoping to find this
sweet couple in some stall, but all the toilets were empty and there was no
one in them, so I remembered that there was an old toilet at the end of the
soccer field and decided to go to it. As I approached it, I heard some
sounds, but I couldn't identify the voices, so I cautiously looked inside
and saw that there was someone in one stall, as there were legs visible,
but there was no other pair of legs, although I knew there were two people
in there from the voices that were coming from there. I wanted to find out
who was in there, but I couldn't get close as they could hear me right
away, so I decided to hide to see who would come out of that stall. I had
to sit in the secret place for 15 minutes and two guys from the parallel
class came out of the stall and it was such a regret for me, because I
thought that I already had Kostya in my pocket, but it turned out to be
other guys, who did not interest me at all.

They left, and I crawled out of my hiding place and went to class. The
class was already over and I took my backpack and went to the exit. I met
Gosha and asked him if he had anything good and got a negative answer. We
got to the room and I lay on the bed and Gosha took off my shoes. I lay
there thinking how to catch this couple and I thought that they wouldn't do
it at the school, so I had to get to their house or find out somehow.

- So faggot, get up and come with me, I think I have an idea how to catch
these lovebirds.

Gosha was shocked at my sudden change of heart. I was thinking globally and
I had to find the door where I would find what I was looking for, but Gosha
just acted with a simple method and therefore did not think globally. He
limited himself only to the time when he was at school, because after
lessons he went to the dormitory and his task for this time was to serve me
and therefore his methods were primitive and to achieve results were
reduced to zero. I quickly got ready and went together with Gosha to Ivan's
house, because for me Ivan had to be active in his relations with Kostya,
and Kostya was my passive and therefore he had to fulfill Ivan's whims. We
walked around Ivan's house a few times and I noticed a small hollow in the
backyard, through which we could get inside the yard and then climb the
tree that grew next to Ivan's bedroom windows and then maybe we could see
and learn something. We cautiously climbed through this small crawlway and
quietly walked across the yard to the tree, and I started to climb the
tree, but the windows were covered with curtains and I was very
disappointed that I had almost made the most important step and it was such
a bummer. I sat on the tree for a while and thought about how to find out
their relationship and at that time Ivan pulled the curtains and opened the
window. I saw Kostya, who was already getting dressed and realized that
they had already had sex and we had nothing to catch and started to climb
down from the tree. Gosha and I crawled out through the gap to the street
and hid in the bushes, not far from the front gate, because I hoped that
when they said goodbye they would say something to each other, but when
they said goodbye I didn't hear anything from them, and when they parted
and Kostya went home, we also crawled out of our hiding place and went to
the dormitory. I was angry that I hadn't come to Ivan's house earlier,
maybe I would have been able to see something, but now I had to wait until
tomorrow and make this journey again with the hope that maybe something
could be learned. I lay down on the bed and told Gosha to give me a
massage, and while he was giving me a massage, I was thinking about what I
would do if I caught them, and I had nothing to prove, so I had to have at
least a phone to take a camera and have proof.

While Gosha was giving me a massage, I was thinking about how to catch
Kostya. I was sure that Kostya was a faggot and that he was sucking Ivan's
dick, but the fact that I couldn't catch him yet annoyed me, so I looked at
Gosha and told him to lick my balls. Gosha switched to my balls and I
closed my eyes in pleasure. Gosha serviced my balls well, he licked them so
thoroughly, sucking them so thoroughly that I wanted to just fuck him in my
mouth. I got up from my bed and told him to sit on the floor with his back
against my bed. Gosha did as I told him and I walked over to him and put my
dick in his mouth. I grabbed him tightly by his hair and just started
fucking his mouth mercilessly and shoving my dick right down his throat. I
didn't care that Gosha was choking on my dick and burping but just wanted
to get off on him because of my failure and I was fucking his mouth and
Gosha was panting from my dick going down his throat and I got a very good
energy boost from having such wild sex with him and when I was cumming in
his mouth I started punching him in the face until my orgasm stopped.

- Now fuck, cleaned everything here so it was clean and did it fast.

Gosha picked up a rag and started cleaning up his vomit. He quickly cleaned
up the room and knelt down in front of me and asked me to remove the
chastity cage from his cock.

- That was the first and last time you will ever ask me to do that. I will
decide when to take it off you and don't think that if you have served me
well, you have the right to say that to me. I made it clear to you that I
need a result from you, so that you would not just recognize Kostya, but
could record it on your phone and then I will take the cage off you, but so
far you haven't presented me anything and so don't even think about it, do
you understand me, faggot?

- Yes, sir, roger that.

- Well, good, so use your brain to figure out how you can catch this sweet
couple and get a bonus from me, now get out and don't annoy me.

I turned away from Gosha and he lay down on his bed and we soon fell
asleep. In the morning Gosha drank my urine and after breakfast, I began to
watch Kostya and Ivan again. They didn't give anything away, everything was
as usual, although they were often together, but it was impossible to catch
them. I was angry about it and afraid that it might give me away, so I
tried to keep myself in check. At recess I just went out into the yard and
saw Kostya and Ivan heading toward the old toilet at the end of the soccer
field. I had to wait until they went into the toilet, because they could
see me right away, so I watched them and as soon as they went into the
toilet, I went straight there. I couldn't even imagine what could have
happened to me and as soon as I got close to the toilet, Ivan came out and
said:

- It's good faggot that you came here by yourself. Come on, come in, I have
something to do.

I went into the toilet, and inside myself, I was already afraid of the
consequences, as I didn't know what they were up to.

- Come in faggot, we replaced you here on purpose, said Kostya. Did you
think that we don't see and don't know anything? Now tell us, who gave you
the right to spy on us? You don't have to tell us anything, we already know
it was Kirill. So here's what we're going to do, you're going to undress
now, you're going to get bent over, and we're going to fuck you in the ass,
and if someone comes in, it will be a plus for you, because they'll know
that you're not just Kirill's slave, but a whore, who is ready to put her
ass under any dick, just to get pleasure. I quickly undressed.

Kostya was angry and wasn't going to mess with me, so I stripped naked and
stood upright, and Ivan took my clothes and threw them outside. The first
one to fuck me was Kostya. He just fucked me hard and hard in my ass and it
hurt a lot. When he was done, Ivan started fucking me in the ass after
him. While he was fucking me in the ass, he called me all kinds of names
and beat me on my ass. Ivan hated me even more than Kostya and that's why
his dick was coming in and out of my asshole, he was fucking me so hard and
painful that I couldn't hold back anymore and started crying from the pain.

- That's what you faggot should do, you'll know how to watch us. Every time
we notice that you are watching us, we will fuck you hard and rough, and
when we get tired of punishing you in this way, we will put you on display
for all the guys to see how you suck us and how we fuck you in the ass, and
even Kirill will not help you in such a situation.

Ivan started cumming in me and then he made me suck his cock so that I
could clean his cock with my mouth and after that they started kicking me
and when I fell on the floor and lay on it, covering my face with my hands
from their beatings, they started pissing on me and after pissing on me
they left, leaving me lying on the floor of the toilet completely naked. My
clothes were somewhere on the soccer field and I had yet to find them, but
it was still light out so I was lying on the floor of the toilet waiting
for it to get dark so I could look for my clothes. When it started to get
dark, I looked out of the toilet to the street and seeing no one on the
soccer field, I walked completely out of the toilet and started to gather
my clothes. When I was fully dressed, I went to the locker room and bathed
there, because I didn't want to go to the dorm pissed.

I came very angry and immediately attacked Gosha and began to beat him, and
he could not understand why I beat him, but I did not explain it to him,
just I could humiliate him in this way and take my anger out on him,
although he was not guilty of it. I beat Gosha so much that he lay under
the bed and cried. I sat down on the bed, but my anger was strong, and I
decided to go to Ivan's house and set fire to his house. I left the room
and went to Ivan's house. There was a light on in his room and I decided to
climb a tree and see what he was doing there and when I climbed the tree I
saw that Ivan was sitting in a chair and had his legs spread apart and
Kostya was in his legs sucking Ivan's dick. There was no limit to my joy
and I quickly turned on my phone and started recording a video. Kostya was
sucking Ivan's cock so well and it was very well seen that I had a hard-on
and wanted to fuck Kostya in the ass. At times Ivan would lift Kostya's
head and when he looked at him with his mouth open, Ivan would spit in his
mouth and I realized that Ivan was the domain that Kostya had always
wanted. After a while Ivan got up from the chair and told Kostya to get
down and when he got down, Ivan got behind him and put his cock in Kostya's
ass.

- Now I know who you really are, you're just as much of a faggot as I am
and Ivan is your Master.

All of this I filmed until the very end when Ivan cummed in Kostya's ass
and pulled his dick out of his ass. Then Kostya licked his cock and lastly,
Kostya knelt in front of Ivan and kissed his feet.

- Well that's it Kostya, now I'm going to fuck you in the ass too, and I
won't tell Kirill for it, I'll speculate this video and make Kostya suck my
dick.

I got off the tree and walked to the dorm. My mood improved and when I
entered the room, Gosha instantly got off the bed and assumed the position
of a slave worshipping my feet. I decided to make a holiday for Gosha and
told him to get up and I took off his cage and allowed him to jerk his cock
in my presence, which Gosha did with great pleasure and he collected his
cum in his hand and ate it.

I lay down on the bed and watched the video I had made and sent it to
Kostya's e-mail and signed, now you will suck my dick if you don't want
this video to be seen by other guys in the school and then your authority
will drop to zero and I will make it so that even freshmen will fuck you in
the ass. I'm waiting for your answer within a minute and then I'll put it
online.

Kostya answered instantly and asked:

- What do you want from me?

- One, that you don't touch Stepan. Second, that you bring 100 dollars
every day and give it to Stepan, and he will give it to me. Third, you will
never ask Stepan who he gives the money to, otherwise the video will be on
the net instantly if you ever ask him. Lastly, you will record a video
message about how you became Ivan's faggot and whether Ivan sucked your
dick. I need to have that video message on my e-mail by morning and if I
don't, the consequences will be disastrous. I was pleased with myself, now
I knew what to do with Kostya. I had some interesting ideas in my head and
in order for them to come to fruition, I would have to go to Kirill and
talk to him. But I wanted to fuck Kostya myself, so that no one would know,
not Kirill, not Gosha. Such ideas made my dick get hard, and I told Gosha
to start sucking my dick. Gosha settled down at my feet and took my dick in
his mouth. He sucked very well, he licked my head, his tongue worked very
thoroughly, I was so horny that I put Gosha on his back and started fucking
him in the ass.

Gosha was already used to the size of my cock and so when I fucked him he
didn't scream anymore, so my cock felt good in Gosha's asshole. I started
cumming, filling his large intestine with my cum. Gosha moaned, he liked
fucking me and when he felt my cum filling his colon, a viscous liquid
flowed from his dick as he had jerked his dick off before. During this time
when Kirill put Gosha in my hands, I made Gosha into a dog. He ate
exclusively only from his bowl, which was on the floor, and drank my piss
instead of water. Gosha always knew that after sex, he was obliged to lick
my cock and so he turned to face me, knelt down and took my cock in his
mouth. He licked it well and I lay back on my bed and fell asleep.

In the morning I woke up and the first thing I thought was, what do I do
now with the information I now have? I could tell Kirill everything at once
and then the benefits that I had established for myself, that Kostya owed
me, could disappear, as Kirill would establish his power over Kostya and
find out from him that someone had a video and was blackmailing Kostya with
it. If I don't tell Kirill about what I already know about Kostya, then I
can use the privileges I have established for him for a while and pretend
that I don't know anything. So I decided to use Kostya to find out as much
as I could about their relationship and have him tell me for Ivan,
especially since Kostya is supposed to be recording a video message for me
today where he will tell me what Ivan means to him and how it worked
out. While I was thinking about it, Gosha drank my morning piss and sucked
my cock. I was nearing my end and cum in his mouth, after that I got up and
went to wash up. Heading to the washbasin I met Kostya and looked at him
and he lowered his eyes down and walked past.

- So he already understood, I thought, that I would have to give him $100
every day, and now he had no right to touch me, and he had to give me the
video message.

I grinned at these thoughts and went into the washbasin, followed by
Gosha. I made a holiday for Gosha today, I didn't put a cage on his dick,
and Gosha was ready to carry me in his arms, and I began to feel in myself
that I had power over Bones and that I would take revenge for what they had
done to me yesterday with Ivan.

Our classes were the same as before and the last lesson we had was physical
education. Kirill would prepare me for the competition and I was standing
near my locker when Kostya came up to me, gave me 100 dollars and handed me
a disk with a video message on it and said:

- Someone will come up to you and you will give this to him, and if you
don't, I'll just kill you.

- Who is this someone, I asked, pretending that I didn't know or understand
anything.

- You'll find out.

- Kostya, you've been strange since this morning. Yesterday I was beaten up
with Ivan, today you lower your eyes at the sight of me, and now you give
me 100 dollars and a disk, and I have to give it all to someone I don't
understand, don't you think your request is strange?

- It shouldn't concern you, you should do what I told you to do.

- You know what, Kostya, take your 100 dollars and your disk and give it to
this stranger yourself, so that later you don't accuse me of doing
something wrong.

Kostya was a little taken aback by this turn of events, but he pulled
himself together and said:

- You should do it, since this stranger said to give it to you, and he will
come to you and you will give it all to him.

- All right, as you say, but then don't tell me that I gave it all to the
wrong person and I have to change, Kirill is waiting for me.

Kostya left, and I got changed and went to the gym. I was training with
Kirill and we were getting ready for the competition. The coach was
watching us and mostly he liked Kirill's technique and how he prepared me,
but in order to make me better prepared, he called Ivan and we started to
wrestle. Ivan didn't know anything that I knew for him and Kostya and this
information I told only to Kostya and it wasn't said on my behalf. Ivan
fought well, and Kirill watched Ivan's actions carefully and noted for
himself what I needed to work on. Kirill had become like a brother to me,
except for the fact that I was his slave and wore a collar. Ivan didn't
pity me and so he fought me hard and that was good for me too, because the
opponents could be anyone and I had to be ready for anything.

Our fight was over and I sat down on a bench tired. Kirill congratulated
me, but said that there were some inaccuracies that I needed to work on. I
looked in Ivan's direction, and he was angry with me. I turned away from
him and Kirill told me:

- Now we will go to the shower and you will wash me, and don't worry about
Ivan I will show you the techniques with which you will defeat him.

We got up and went with Kirill to the locker room. Kirill quickly undressed
and went under the shower, and I stood near my locker and thought whether
to tell Kirill for Kostya, what I saw or not. At that time Ivan came up and
said: listen to me faggot, I'm not Kirill, if I meet you somewhere, one on
one, I'll just smash your whole face, so that your faggot face will not be
so satisfied. You're gonna suck my dick, I'm gonna humiliate you so fucking
bad you'll be on your knees. Wait for me to visit you tonight, we'll
probably have fun tonight, and Ivan went to his locker. I got undressed and
went to the shower, Kirill just stood under the water with his eyes closed,
enjoying the water running down his body. I walked over to him, he opened
his eyes looked at me, and asked:

- Do you want to suck my dick now?

- Kirill, there's a lot of guys here and they'll see it.

- What do you care, you serve me and my desire should be above all else, or
is that not true, faggot?

- Yes sir, you're right as always.

- All right, don't worry, you just wash me and suck me off at my place
tonight.



I started to wash Kirill when Ivan walked by and Kirill called out to
him. Ivan came over and asked:

- What do you want Kirill?

- Listen Ivan, you wrestled well today and you had some good holds and I
wanted if you have time tonight to come over to my place and wrestle my
faggot again, can you do it?

- I have things to do tonight, but if you give your fag after we wrestle
him to hang out at my house, I'll make time for you.

- All right, deal, be there at 6:00 p.m.

Ivan left, and I continued to wash Kirill and thought for tonight, because
Ivan will not be kind to me, but will use something bad to hurt me. Kirill
wasn't interested at all because he didn't know for what Ivan told me near
the locker and I decided to tell Kirill that, hoping that he would change
his mind to give me to Ivan for the whole evening after the fight. I told
him what Ivan had told me and Kirill hadn't said anything to me about it
and I was getting worried. We bathed and went to the locker room. Ivan was
talking to Kostya and looking at us, and then he went to Kirill and asked
him if he could take Kostya with him so they could be together, and Kirill
said yes. By 6pm, Ivan and Kostya arrived at Kirill's house and immediately
we all went to the weight room together. Ivan and I stood in the rack while
Kirill and Kostya sat and watched us wrestle. We fought for a long time and
Ivan often put me on my shoulder blades and after that Kirill explained to
me what I had to do to avoid my defeat and we practiced it again with Ivan
until I started to understand the technique and then we moved on to other
wrestling techniques. By 8 p.m. we stopped fighting and I was so tired that
I asked Kirill not to go anywhere today and Kirill talked to Ivan and they
agreed that tomorrow after school I would go straight to Ivan's house and I
would be with him all evening. Kostya and Ivan left, and I stayed with
Kirill. I bathed, put on clean clothes, and Kirill and I went down to the
kitchen. Parents were home, and we sat and chatted with them. After dinner
Kirill let me rest, and when we went to bed, it was now up to me to service
him. I started my service with his feet as Kirill liked it when I licked
his feet and so I licked each of his toes, my tongue went between the toes,
I licked the sole and when I was done with one of his feet, I moved on to
his other foot and did all the same work with that foot as well. I could
see Kirill's dick was getting hard from my work on his legs, but it was too
early to take it in my mouth as I now had to lick his armpits, so I went up
to them and started licking them. Kirill didn't say anything to me, he knew
I knew what I had to do and so he just lay on his back with his eyes closed
and enjoyed my work on his body. His armpits were thoroughly licked and I
proceeded to his nipples, which at this point were very taut, indicating
Kirill's sexual arousal. I kissed his nipples, sucked them and kissed them
again. I did this circle for a long time, because I liked to suck his
nipples, which were big, but I realized that I had to move on and I moved
down to his abs and now his belly was in the possession of my tongue. I
licked his abs, his belly button and went to his crotch with my tongue, but
I thought it was too early to go down to that area and again I licked his
abs and worked my tongue in his belly button. Then I did go down to his
cock and started working on his head. My tongue groomed his head so
confidently that Kirill started moaning and asked me to move to his
testicles. I left his head and took his testicles in my mouth. I sucked
them, ran my tongue over them in my mouth, licked them like ice cream, then
I was back in my mouth and worked my tongue and Kirill was already on edge
and he told me to lift his legs and start licking his ass and try to get my
tongue as deep into his anus as possible. I started licking his ass and my
tongue worked on his anus and Kirill was just at the peak of his arousal
and told me to take his cock in my mouth and I plunged my mouth on Kirill's
cock and he couldn't contain himself anymore and his cum flew into my
mouth. I swallowed his cum and when Kirill stopped cumming, my mouth was on
Kirill's cock and I gently worked my tongue and sucked the last drops of
his cum out so that Kirill's cock was clean. I finished doing this and we
went to bed. Kirill pulled me against him and we fell asleep.

In the morning I woke up before Kirill and he was still asleep and I know
what I have to do, I carefully so as not to wake him up I reached down and
took his cock in my mouth. Kirill had a rock hard boner. I gently licked
his head with my tongue, worked my tongue into his piss slit, and Kirill's
hand lay on my head and he started fucking my mouth. When he cum in me I
kept holding his dick in my mouth as I knew Kirill was about to start
pissing in my mouth and his piss flowed and I started drinking it
quickly. Kirill pissed in my mouth and continued lying in bed, and I got
up, washed up, prepared his clothes and when I had to get up for breakfast,
I woke Kirill up. We had breakfast and went to the school. Today I have to
go straight to Ivan's house after lessons, and I was very worried about
it. I was standing in the hallway, near my locker, when Kostya came up and
handed me 100 dollars and left. I put them in my pocket and closed my
locker when Ivan came up to me and filled me in that I had to be at his
house after school.

Lessons were over, and I went to Ivan's house. He wasn't home yet, so I
stood by his fence and waited for him. After half an hour Ivan came in with
Kostya, and I went into the room with them, and Ivan told me to strip
naked. He locked the door and told me to kneel down. I knelt down and Ivan
told Kostya to come over to me and put his crotch against my face, which
Kostya did. Ivan stood behind me and told me who should do what. Kostya
just stood there and I inhaled the smell of his crotch.

- So faggot, do you like the smell of a real guy fucking you in the mouth?

- Yes Sir, I really like the smell coming from a real guy.

Ivan laughed and said:

- You faggot hasn't smelled the real smell yet, but I'll give it to you
today. Kostya, strip naked and let the fag smell your ass.

Kostya undressed and turned to my face with his asshole and pressed it
close to my nose and I had nothing to do but to smell his asshole, but
Kostya started to fart in my face and it was terrible, but I could not take
my face aside.

- Now faggot, do you know what a real guy smells like?

- Yes sir, I do.

- What does he smell like?

- The strength of his power coming out of his ass.

- You think farts are the strength of a guy's power?

- Yes sir, because his power is expressed in the stench coming out of his
ass, and I enjoy inhaling the aroma of his power.

- Faggot, you probably don't know that a guy's power is expressed in his
ability to break you when you can be fucked in front of other guys,
breaking you from the inside out so you realize you're shit, and farting in
your face burns that you're a dirty pig, do you understand that?

- Yes, sir, I do.

- So what's the power of a real guy?

- To break me down and that can take the form of getting fucked in front of
other guys, humiliating me to the point where there's nothing left of me
and it's hard to say for me that I'm human.

- That's better and that's why we're going to work on you today, faggot,
and you're going to do any job we tell you to do for us. Now start sucking
Bones dick.

I opened my mouth and took the dick in my mouth and started sucking it,
while Ivan stood behind Bones and told me how to do things.

- Take this filthy pig by the ears and hold them firmly in your hands and
fuck that fucking mouth and drive your dick up to your balls.

Kostya did everything Ivan told him and Ivan was pressed up against Kostya
and I thought Ivan already had a hard-on for Kostya. Kostya fucked my mouth
and drove his cock up to my balls and he didn't care that I could
suffocate, because when he drove his cock all the way in, he kept it in me
for a long time and I didn't have enough air, but Kostya didn't care.

 Ivan was so turned on by what he saw and how he was controlling both of us
that he didn't restrain himself and put his dick in Kostya's ass and he
even cried out from that, but continued fucking my mouth, and Ivan started
fucking Kostya's ass and Kostya started cumming in my mouth. I thought to
myself that Ivan is so used to fucking Kostya that even my presence doesn't
embarrass him, although his saying that a real guy knows how to break
others is that he fucks a faggot in the presence of other guys. So Kostya
is a fag to Ivan and he's breaking him. While I was thinking that, Kostya
cummed in my mouth and Ivan told me to get on all fours as I was now going
to have to be fucked in two thrusts. I got on all fours and Ivan got behind
me and his cock entered me and he started fucking my ass and Kostya stood
in front of my face and I sucked his cock. Ivan fucked me hard and fast,
driving his cock all the way in. He didn't care how I felt at all, his goal
was to break me, and he did it to me. My ass hurt from this sex, but Ivan
didn't even think of cumming, he was like a tractor that never ran out of
power, and in front of me was Kostya and I was sucking his dick, which
started to rise again and now he was fucking me hard in my mouth again. -
Kostya, now you're going to start fucking this faggot in the ass, go ahead
and start, I'm waiting.

Kostya left my mouth and stood behind me. His cock entered quickly and he
started fucking me hard, while Ivan just watched from the side. When Kostya
had cum in my ass, Ivan ordered him to suck my cock. Kostya had the look of
a downcast man when he was publicly shamed and forced to show me how he
used to do it.

- Why are you faggot looking at me like that, I gave you a specific task to
start sucking Stepan's dick and you're looking at me. Do you think he was
watching us for nothing, that he got fucked up by us? He guessed that there
was something between us and wanted to clarify it, am I right, Stepan?

- Yes, sir, you're right.

- You understand, faggot, that he already knows about you, that you are my
faggot, as well as he is Kirill's faggot, so come on, show him how you can
suck cock.

Kostya came over to me and took my dick in his mouth and started sucking
it. Kostya sucked well, as Ivan had taught him well. I cum in his mouth and
Kostya swallowed all my cum.

- Now faggot, remember, Ivan turned to me. No one can know what happened
here and neither can Kirill, is that clear to you?

- Yes sir, understood.

- Now you understand what real manhood is all about?

- Yes sir, I do, to break a straight guy and turn him into a faggot.

- Remember that, because we can do that with your Kirill too, and then
you'll belong to me, along with Kirill, and then I'll humiliate you both so
that all the guys will fuck you in the mouth and in the ass. Keep your
mouth shut and let Kirill remain your Master until the end of the school
and we won't touch any of you then, and you won't tell him anything about
us if you don't want us to make fags out of you and believe me, for Kirill
it will be the biggest humiliation he won't be able to endure.

- I get it sir, no one will know anything about you.

- Then you can get dressed and go, and as soon as you break your word, I
will personally kill you.

I got dressed and went to the dorm. I didn't follow them anymore, and Goshi
said that there was no need to follow them, and I told Kirill that there
was nothing between them, they were just friends, and Kirill communicated
with them until the end of their studies together. Kostya was constantly
carrying money to me as he didn't know who knew about him. I was cleared of
suspicion because I already knew everything, for this couple, as they had
opened up to me on their own. I was constantly with Kirill, Gosha was my
slave, and Kostya was Ivan's personal faggot, as I was Kirill's personal
faggot.

Timofey was angry with Stepan because he belittled him and made him kick
Zhenya out of the gym. Timofey went around thinking about how to destroy
Stepan, and Stepan, for his part, had already given Zhenya the assignment
that if he saw or learned that Timofey was preparing some bad deed against
Stepan, he should report to him at once. Timofey was very cunning and
decided that he should not do it with the old servicemen, because they were
already going home and in three months they would be gone, but with those
who would become grandfathers after them, that's where it was necessary to
work, because they had an incentive to move Stepan from his place and put
everything in its place, so that the grandfathers in the army were
grandfathers, and the young did all the work for them, but Stepan did the
opposite and put the young in charge over the old servicemen.

Timofey began to think which of these guys to start talking to, and then to
get everything together and bring it to a logical end. Stepan was doing his
own thing, he had everything organized, and the young soldiers watched
everything and reported the situation to Stepan, and he decided how to act
in the situation and gave the young soldiers the power to punish the old
soldiers. Timofey had long ago laid his eyes on Oleg, who was independent
and did not obey anyone, and even Stepan did not touch him, but Oleg
performed his duties and it was impossible to pick on him. Stepan respected
Oleg, and they often talked to each other. Oleg was not going to change
anything in the company, although he did not really like Stepan's policy,
but realizing that the commander is behind Stepan, Oleg bypassed these
sharp corners in communication with Stepan and Stepan never gave Oleg the
right to discuss his actions and so they existed and Timofey decided to
talk to Oleg to find in him an ally and begin to implement his plan to
overthrow Stepan.

Oleg was in the motor pool preparing his car for departure and at that time
Timofey approached him and started talking to him to determine whether Oleg
would be suitable for this purpose.

- Hi Oleg, are you going somewhere now?

- Hi Timofey, I need to go to one division and pick up some material.

- Can I come with you?

- Well, if Stepan doesn't mind, I don't mind, especially since it's more
fun to go together than alone.

For Timofey it was a signal, and he said that Stepan will not mind and they
both went.

- Listen Oleg, I've been meaning to ask you, are you going to be a
grandfather in three months and are you satisfied with Stepan's position?

- Timofey, what do you want to know from me?

- Oleg, don't even think anything like that, I just often wondered why
Stepan made such rules in our company that young soldiers control old
soldiers?

- I don't like it either, but Stepan doesn't touch me and I don't give a
damn about what's going on in our company.

- Well, if it were you personally, what would you do?

- Timofey, I think you're not telling me what you want to tell me, I
understand that you didn't come with me for nothing, what do you want to
tell me?

- I wanted to know what you would do if Stepan treated you badly.

- Timofey, I told you to tell me what you want. You think I'd tell Stepan
that? No, I don't do that sort of thing, so you can be straight with me and
then I'll tell you my answer.

Timofey realized that if he didn't tell Oleg straight out what he was up
to, Oleg would never agree to rebel against Stepan and Timofey decided to
tell Oleg everything and he shared his plan with him.

- Yes Timofey, we have swung for the big bird and here I alone will not be
enough.

- That's why I decided to talk to you first, so that I could gather the
guys from your draft and put everything in its place.

- What good will that do you? Do you want to take Stepan's place at our
expense? Come clean, because you're a cunning guy, you want to get into
management at someone else's expense?

- I can see you're not a simple guy, Oleg, and you understand things
quickly. Yes, I want you and your guys to stage a coup, knock Stepan off
his pedestal, and become the leaders of the company yourselves, while the
young soldiers take their place and serve you. As for Stepan, I don't just
want to overthrow him, I want to humiliate him in front of everyone in the
company and make him the chief faggot so he can serve all the guys.

"Well, what's your role in all this? To replace Stepan as sergeant?"

"Yes, Oleg, someone has to take that position."

Oleg thought for a moment, then said:

"Okay, I'll talk to the guys, but if everything works out and you become a
sergeant, you'll follow our orders, do you understand me?"

"Yes, Oleg, I agree."

"But no one must know anything, and you must behave with Stepan exactly as
you did before, so that he doesn't suspect anything. I'll do my part and
then tell you when we can carry out the coup."

Timofey was beside himself with joy and wanted to kiss Oleg, but he
restrained himself, and they talked about completely different topics and
did not bring up this subject again during the rest of their trip. When
they returned to the unit, Stepan asked Timofey where he had been, and upon
receiving the answer that he had gone with Oleg to get some materials, he
left him in his quarters and went about his business. Oleg set about
implementing the plan he and Timofey had discussed, while Timofey behaved
as if nothing had happened. Stepan, suspecting nothing, did not attach any
importance to the fact that Timofey had gone with Oleg to get the
materials. Everything in our company went on as usual, everyone performed
their duties, but Oleg and Timofey sometimes met in the motor pool and
talked. They discussed their actions, but they wanted to carry out a coup
quietly, so they abandoned their plan to turn the young soldiers into
faggots and focused on Stepan, to turn him into a faggot and then expose
him to the whole company, so that the young soldiers would obey the new
authority, and Stepan would lose his authority and power, as all the
soldiers would stop listening to him and the company commander would have
to choose another sergeant, and Timofey had his eye on that position, and
Oleg had no objection to that. Oleg talked to some of the soldiers from his
draft class to determine how they felt about this idea and to find allies
to carry out his plan, but so far nothing had worked out, as many soldiers
were afraid of Stepan and if something went wrong, they didn't want to end
up in the ranks of the faggots, because they knew how Stepan would act in
this situation and how the young soldiers would fuck them in the ass in
front of the other soldiers. Therefore, many did not even want to start
this coup, as they were satisfied with the situation they were in. Oleg
acted cautiously and used leading questions to find out who from his draft
class could carry this out with him, and it turned out that there was only
one soldier, named Anton, who also disliked Stepan's policies. Learning
that Anton would be on his side, Oleg began to talk to him about how to
carry out the coup and that they only had three people at their disposal,
as Timofey was also among them. Now the three of them discussed a plan to
destroy Stepan and decided to invite him to the bathhouse on Saturday, get
him drunk, tie him up, and fuck him in the ass, while filming it on their
phones, and then bring him naked to the company and fuck him there too in
front of all the soldiers, thus subduing all the rebels with this one
action and establishing their rules so that the old soldiers would again
command the company and the young soldiers would carry out their
orders. They decided not to put it off, prepared everything they needed,
and decided that this Saturday, in the bathhouse, they would fuck Stepan in
the ass. To do this, they bought drinks and invited Stepan over for the
evening. Stepan knew nothing about this and therefore agreed.

Timofey was happy because he knew that on Saturday there would be a change
of power, and after they fucked Stepan in the ass in the bathhouse, they
would film everything on their phones and then bring him to the company,
where they would also fuck him so that no one would doubt that Stepan had
become a faggot. Then Oleg would establish his order in the company, and
all the young soldiers would obey this order, and then Timofey could be
promoted to sergeant, since no one would listen to Stepan anymore. The plan
seemed very simple, but it had to be carried out so that no one knew about
it except Timofey, Oleg, and Anton, who discussed among themselves how to
do it so that no one would suspect anything and, most importantly, so that
the reason Stepan went with them to the bathhouse would be convincing. They
decided to celebrate this event under the pretext that the commander of
their company had a baby, and when the trio went over the situation again
and saw no flaws in it, they decided that Oleg would invite Stepan, so it
would look less suspicious.

On Thursday, Oleg approached Stepan and suggested that they celebrate the
commander's child's birth at the bathhouse on Saturday evening, telling
Stepan who else would be there, and Stepan agreed. Now the most important
thing was to keep this event a secret and make sure no one found out. The
guys prepared vodka, snacks, and rope for this purpose, and now everyone
was ready to carry out their plan. Timofey was very happy, and Stepan
noticed this, but said nothing to him. Saturday came, when the plan to
overthrow Stepan was to be carried out, and Timofey's nervousness gave him
away, and Stepan asked him why he was in such a state.

"I'm just worried about today's event, that's why I'm nervous."

"There's nothing to worry about. It's business as usual, we'll sit
together, have a drink, and go our separate ways. What's so unusual about
that? Let's go to the gym and work out."

"Then I'll take my faggot with me so he can be with me."

"Why do you need him at the gym? Is he going to suck your dick while you
work out?"

Timofey had no choice but to go with Stepan and train one-on-one. Stepan
was much stronger than Timofey, and when they were training, Timofey
watched him and his desire to humiliate Stepan was very strong, and he had
to wait until evening, when it would happen in the bathhouse, and then
Timofey would just mercilessly fuck this strong guy in the ass, who didn't
even know what was waiting for him, so Timofey suppressed his negative
feelings towards Stepan and went with him to the gym. Stepan trained hard
and at the end of his workout, he suggested that Timofey wrestle with him,
and their fight was fierce, as Stepan told Timofey to use all his
strength. At that moment, Timofey hated Stepan so much that his fight with
him was fierce, and Stepan liked it. They were both breathing heavily and
were very sweaty, which made their fight difficult, but at the same time
caused sexual arousal, and both of them had erections from such a
fight. They continued to fight, and Timofey pinned Stepan in a tight hold
and was on top of him, Timofey's cock pressed against Stepan's ass, which
further fueled Timofey's desire to fuck Stepan in the ass, and he pressed
his cock so hard against Stepan's ass that it seemed to him that his
uniform would tear from such a strong erection and then his cock would
enter Stepan's ass. Stepan, for his part, could not immediately break free
from Stepan's grip and understood what Timofey was doing, that by doing so
he was establishing his power over Stepan, imitating sex, as if he were
fucking him in the ass, and for Stepan at that moment, he had to turn
everything around so that Timofey was underneath him and he could fuck him
in the ass. Stepan began to struggle to free himself from this hold and put
Timofey underneath him, but Timofey did not give up and held Stepan tightly
in his grip. Just from the realization of what was going to happen tonight,
he automatically began to move his pelvis up and down, and the words
involuntarily came out of him:

"How I want to fuck you in the ass."

"Now we'll see who's going to fuck whom in the ass, but I give you my word
that I'll fuck you hard."

Stepan now began to exert incredible effort, but Timofey did not give up
and did not let go of his grip, as he understood that if he let go, it
would be very bad for him, so he applied a painful hold and Stepan began to
weaken his grip, while Timofey intensified his efforts and finished Stepan
off. Stepan endured the pain as long as he could, but Timofey held him
tightly and did not let go. When he felt that Stepan was weakening, he
twisted his arm even harder, causing Stepan to go into shock and lose
consciousness.

Timofey was frightened when he saw that Stepan had stopped moving and
quickly tried to revive him, but Stepan did not come to, and then Timofey
panicked and quickly ran to the medical unit, and they quickly ran to the
gym with the doctor, and the doctor began to revive Stepan. When his vital
signs returned to normal, the doctor checked Stepan's limbs for fractures
and called an ambulance to take Stepan to the medical unit, where he was
placed in a ward for further observation. Timofey was worried about what
had happened, and when Oleg and Anton found out what had happened to Stepan
and that Timofey was involved in it all, they took him deep into the
vehicle depot and beat him severely because their plan had failed. Now they
had to come up with something else, but none of them knew when they would
be able to carry it out. Stepan was lying in the medical unit, and the
doctor carefully examined his condition. After making sure that nothing
serious had happened to Stepan, he left him to rest, and after lunch,
Zhenya came and the doctor let him see Stepan.

"I'm listening carefully, you faggot. What did you want to tell me?"

"Comrade Sergeant, you ordered me to report anything unusual I saw or heard
to you, anything Timofey was plotting."

"So what is Timofey plotting?"

"I saw Oleg and Anton beating Timofey in the motor pool and yelling at him
that he ruined everything."

"Is that all?"

"Yes, Comrade Sergeant, that's all I saw and heard."

"All right, faggot, I'll find out what that was all about, and you can go,
but don't tell anyone. told Stepan that Timofey was not acting alone, and
since Oleg and Anton beat Timofey in the car park, it meant that they were
all in cahoots, and so he could conclude that today in the bathhouse they
wanted to fuck me up, which meant that they wanted to write me off and
establish their authority.

"What do I have in this whole situation? First, Timofey must be removed
from my path, and this must be done in exactly the same way that he wanted
to do it to me, which means? I have to fight him and fuck him in the ass,
and for that I'll take my faggot, and he'll film it all on his phone. Now I
have to decide what to do with these two guys. Anton doesn't have much
authority in the company, but if he's with someone, then as a pair, he's a
good player, which means he's not the leader in this venture, but what
about Oleg? Now let's look at Oleg. Since Oleg is independent, he can
easily gather guys around him to establish his authority, but he never did
that and gave no reason to, so I need to find the instigator, who started
all this and what did he gain from it? So now we gather all the information
together and see who is behind all this?

Oleg has authority in the company and he can rally the guys around a
certain idea if he is the initiator, but he will not do this for one
reason: he does not know what to do next when his goal is achieved, and if
he wanted to change something in the company, he would have achieved it,
but he has never shown any initiative. What does this information tell me?
That Oleg will never go to war with me unless he is the organizer of this
idea. But we need to be tough with Oleg so that no one else dares to raise
their head against me. So, we have decided on the first question: Oleg was
not the initiator of the overthrow of my power. Anton can be left in his
quarters and turned into an obedient slave, since being humiliated is
terrifying for him, but he will need to be intimidated, and he will be my
faithful dog, as long as I don't hand him over to the young soldiers. Now
there is Timofey, who could not control himself and twice showed his bad
attitude towards me. From this, I can conclude that he is the initiator of
this plot, which means that he was aiming for my place, and to overthrow
me, they chose the bathhouse to tie me up and fuck me there. Now everything
has fallen into place, and we can set the young soldiers against Anton and
create a situation where the young soldiers are ready to fuck him in the
ass, but they won't do it because I'll come in at that moment and free him
from their hands, and Anton himself will tell me everything that happened,
and I'll pardon him, and he'll be my faithful dog. I won't pardon Oleg, and
the young soldiers will fuck him in the ass, and he will be their bitch
until the end of his service, and Timofey should be publicly humiliated in
the company, and he will become Zhenya's faggot, and Zhenya will command
them constantly."

When Stepan calmly thought everything through and came to a logical
conclusion, he closed his eyes and soon fell asleep. He needed to rest
well, regain his strength, and challenge Timofey to a duel so he could fuck
him up and hand him over to Zhenya, and he could deal with Anton and Oleg
later, or maybe he should start with Anton right away so that, out of fear
of being humiliated, he would tell how they were going to overthrow me.

Stepan slept until 5 p.m., and I brought him something to eat. When Stepan
had eaten, he told me to call all the young soldiers and then to tell Anton
to come to him.

I called all the young soldiers and told them that Stepan was waiting for
them in the medical unit, and when they went to him, I found Anton and told
him the same thing, that Stepan was waiting for him in the medical
unit. Anton wanted to know why Stepan needed him, but I didn't know, and
Anton went to the medical unit. When the young soldiers came to Stepan, he
quickly told them that Anton would be coming soon and that they should take
him to the farthest room, strip him naked, and mock him, but not fuck him,
just let him know what was waiting for him, and then I would come in and
talk to him. Anton came and, entering Stepan's room, asked, "What do you
want from me?"

"Anton, tell me, have you had a hard time all this time? Did anyone touch
you? Humiliate you? Or maybe harass you?"

"No, that didn't happen."

"If you want to experience all this for yourself, it won't be difficult for
me."

"What have I done, Stepan, that you're talking to me like this?"

"Well, we'll find out now, and if you're to blame for this situation, blame
yourself for not wanting to live quietly and peacefully. Hey, guys, come
in."

The young soldiers came in, and Stepan told them to take Anton and have
some fun with him. They took him to the back room, closed the door, and
said to him:

"Well, Anton, today we're going to play with you, and to start with, it
would be better if you took off all your clothes yourself so that we don't
have to tear them off you. What will you wear to the barracks then?"

"I won't take anything off, and I'm ready to stand up for my honor to the
very end."

"Anton, your honor means nothing to us, and if we have to use force against
you, the first thing we'll do is tear your clothes off, and you'll go to
the company naked, and all the soldiers will understand that you were
fucked in the ass and became a faggot. Another option is that you take off
all your clothes yourself, and we'll have some fun with you and then let
you go. No one will know your secret, but you will be our faggot on a
permanent basis, and we will fuck you constantly, so make the right
decision and it will be better for you to submit to us, and when you strip
naked, please kneel down so that it is convenient for us to fuck your
mouth.

"Guys, are you seriously going to commit a crime? I didn't do anything to
deserve this."

- Anton, you probably don't understand the problem, because we don't care
who we fuck in the ass. Stepan told us to fuck you, and we don't care
why. So take off your clothes and don't waste our time, because we might
get offended, and then you'll really regret not giving yourself to us
voluntarily. Or maybe you want us to play with you to arouse your sexual
desire, and we'll gradually take off your clothes to prolong the pleasure,
and you'll like this option the most, and you yourself will want us to fuck
you in the ass, so guys, let's play with the new faggot?

"I'm not a faggot, and I don't want to play with you."

"Who asked you? We told you that we're going to play with you now, so we're
going to play with you, and you're a faggot, so join in our game."

The soldiers approached Anton and began to stroke him with their hands from
all sides. Each stroked wherever he could. One soldier stroked his hair,
another licked his chest, a third stroked his back, a fourth stroked his
ass, a fifth stroked his cock, and a sixth stroked his legs. Anton had
never experienced so many hands on his body before, but these hands were
doing their job and Anton enjoyed it. The young soldiers began to slowly
remove his clothes because Anton began to close his eyes and simply pass
out from the pleasant touch of the soldiers' hands. The guys gradually took
off his jacket and shirt and stroked his naked body with their hands. The
soldier who was stroking his cock carefully unzipped his pants and ran his
hands over his cock through his underwear. Anton began to slowly drift away
because he was overcome with sexual arousal and his cock began to rise. The
soldiers slowly undressed him, and Anton didn't even notice how he was
already standing completely naked when one soldier came up behind him and
pressed himself against Anton. His hands caressed his chest, and he rubbed
his penis against his ass and whispered quietly in his ear:

Anton, you are the most attractive guy. You have a very beautiful
body. Your butt is so neat, soft, tender, and appetizing that I just want
to stick my dick in it. And you're already dripping wet from me caressing
you with my hands and rubbing my dick against your ass. You're just a
whore, Anton, and you want us to fuck you in the ass, and now you're going
to take all of our cocks in your mouth and suck them. You're just dripping
with the high you get from our hands, and you're ready to get on your
knees, open your mouth, and start sucking our cocks. Is that true, Anton?
You want to suck our cocks, don't you? Look how hard your cock is. You're
just dripping when I stroke you with my hands and rub my cock against your
ass. You're going to get on your knees now and suck us all off, because
everyone wants to cum in your mouth, and you're going to be our whore, and
we're going to fuck you in the mouth and ass every day, and you're going to
like it, you're going to run after us yourself, because you're a whore,
you've always been a whore, you just needed someone to open your eyes to
your true nature. Anton, tell me, do you like what I'm doing to you?

- Yes, I really like your caresses. You speak so quietly, gently, and
pleasantly that I want to do whatever you tell me to do.

- Then get on your knees and open your mouth.

Anton, without understanding why, knelt down, and the soldier approached
him. His cock was erect, and there was lubricant on the tip.

"Smell my cock, it's so beautiful, and you want to do it."

Anton bent his head toward the soldier's cock and began to smell it. Anton
himself did not understand why he was doing this, as the soldier, under the
influence of his voice and the actions of his hands on Anton's body,
reproduced in him strong sexual desires that disconnected him from the real
perception of what was happening, so that, under hypnotic influence, Anton
obeyed the soldier's words. Anton leaned his face toward the soldier's
crotch and began to inhale its scent, which smelled of sweat, urine, sperm,
and the mixture of these smells filled Anton's lungs. He closed his eyes as
the smell began to entice him, and his hands automatically fell on the
soldier's buttocks so that Anton could press himself harder against his
crotch and surrender to the feelings that were filling him.

This was not part of Stepan's plans for the young soldiers, so this soldier
told his soldiers that they had to fuck Anton hard and rough in the
ass. The other soldiers approached Anton, lifted him up, and ordered him to
get on all fours. It began to dawn on Anton that he had given in to the
feelings of this soldier who had manipulated his mind, and now he was
kneeling in front of these young soldiers, and they wanted to fuck him in
the ass. Anton braced himself so as not to give in to these young soldiers,
and this position suited them because they needed to create the appearance
that they wanted to rape him.

"What, faggot, you want to fight us? We'll break you, beat your insides
out, and just fuck you in the ass, then throw you out naked on the
street. Is that what you want?"

"I won't just give up to you like that." You can beat me, but I'll fight
you to the end.

"Fine, whatever you say," replied one of the soldiers, and all the soldiers
attacked Anton.

They fought him at half strength, not even trying to knock him out on the
spot. They just beat him lightly so that Anton would stay alive, but they
had to pretend that they were going to beat him up and then he would become
a faggot when they fucked him. Anton tried his best, thinking that it was
true and that the guys were just playing with him, but in these games, they
made a little effort to make Anton understand that they were about to fuck
him in the ass. Anton began to lose his strength, and when the guys had
completely pinned him to the floor and five of them were holding his limbs,
the sixth guy lay on top of Anton and his cock touched his anus. All that
was left was to press his cock, and it would enter Anton's asshole.

"Well, faggot, did you think we wouldn't fuck you?" Now we're going to do
even worse to you. We're going to film everything on our phones, how we
fuck you, and then we'll show it to all the guys, and then you'll be
completely fucked. We told you quietly and calmly that we would fuck you
and let you go, but you didn't want to listen to us, so now we're doing
everything differently.

"Guys, don't do this to me, I'll do anything you say."

"Too late, faggot, we're not interested anymore," and the guy who was on
top started pressing his cock against Anton's anus, and the head began to
enter Anton's ass, and at that moment Stepan entered.

"Oh, I came in just in time," said Stepan. "So now you're going to be a
faggot for us, Anton?"

"Stepan, please don't fuck me, I'll do anything you say."

"Are you serious, or are you trying to trick me?"

"I'm serious, Stepan."

"Then start addressing me as Comrade Sergeant, because it's up to me
whether the guys fuck you in the ass or not."

"Comrade Sergeant, I'll do anything for you, just don't let the young
soldiers fuck me."

"Come on, guys, leave us alone, but don't go far, you may still be needed."

The soldiers left, and Stepan sat down on a chair and said:

"Now, Anton, tell me everything you know. How did you get mixed up in all
this? You understood what the consequences would be and what awaited you,
didn't you?"

"Comrade Sergeant, forgive me, I don't understand how it happened myself."

"Tell me, Anton, are you secretly gay? Maybe we should let the young guys
come back and fuck you? I'd love to watch them fuck you in the ass, because
to agree to something like this, you must have been sure of your success,
right?"

- Comrade Sergeant, I don't even know how I ended up agreeing to this.

- Think carefully and answer me honestly, otherwise the young guys will
come back to refresh your memory. So how did you agree to it?

- I don't even know how it happened, but I was in the motor pool at the
time and Oleg approached me. He started talking to me and brought up the
change of power in our company.

- And how did he explain it to you that you agreed with him to rebel
against me?

- Comrade Sergeant, I don't understand how he convinced me, but I agreed to
help him in this matter.

- Anton, come here and kneel in front of me. I think you're not telling me
everything, and this way you'll understand that your future in the company
depends on your answers.

"Comrade Sergeant, maybe we shouldn't do this?"

"Anton, there's one thing you don't understand. All I have to do is call
the soldiers, and your situation will change forever. So, if you want
everything to stay between us, you need to listen to me quickly and obey my
orders. Kneel down next to me, quickly!"

Anton approached Stepan and knelt in front of him.

"Now unzip my pants and take out my cock."

"Comrade Sergeant, maybe we shouldn't..."

"You shouldn't have taken such action against me, and now do what I told
you to do quickly."

Anton unzipped Stepan's pants and took out his huge cock.

"What do you think of my cock? Do you like it?"

"Comrade Sergeant, it's just huge."

"You don't want me to fuck you with my cock, do you?"

"No, Comrade Sergeant, I don't."

"Then I need the truth about why you agreed to Oleg's proposal, and you
must constantly look at my cock and not take your eyes off it, so that it
stimulates you to tell me the truth."

Anton looked at Stepan's big dick and was more afraid than ever that Stepan
would force him to suck his huge dick.

"Well, am I going to have to wait a long time for your confession, or do I
need to speed up the process so you tell me the truth about what made you
join Oleg to overthrow my power?"

"Oleg told me that we could do it quietly if we did everything right. All
we had to do was come up with a reason to get you drunk, comrade Sergeant,
knock you out, fuck you, bring you back to the company naked, and then, in
front of all the soldiers, fuck you again. Then your power over us would be
worthless."

"Anton, I see you clearly want me to fuck you?"

"No, Comrade Sergeant, I don't want that."

"So, I asked you a specific question, why did you agree to this deal, and
you start talking about Oleg. You're not stupid, but you're pretending not
to understand my question and evading a direct answer. I'm asking you one
last time, why did you agree to participate in this deal?"

"Comrade Sergeant, I didn't respect you and I wanted to get rid of you, so
I agreed with Oleg to help him overthrow you, since the other guys in our
draft didn't want to help Oleg with this job."

"See, it's not that hard to tell the truth, just like it's not hard to take
my dick in your mouth and start sucking it."

Anton looked at Stepan, and there was such wild horror in his eyes that
Stepan just laughed at how pathetic Anton's face looked.

"I told you to keep looking at my dick, but you went and lifted your
face. I guess I'll have to punish you, and then you'll quickly learn to
listen to me.

Anton lowered his head and looked at Stepan's dick again. He was silent and
didn't know what to say, because now he understood that everything would
depend on Stepan. Stepan was also silent for a while, and then said:

- Reach out your hand and grab my dick firmly and hold it in your
hand. This will encourage you to tell me the truth. Don't take your eyes
off my dick, but look at it constantly and tell me what else you talked
about with Oleg, and who was supposed to take my place then?

- We gathered in the motor pool all week and discussed how we would
overthrow your power.

- Was Timofey with you the whole time?

- Yes, he was there the whole time, and he started this whole thing because
you humiliated him when he came to the gym with Zhenya, and you kicked
Zhenya out, and after that, he decided to take you down and take your place
and become a sergeant in the company. Oleg would then reestablish the
authority of the old soldiers in the company, and he wanted to fuck all the
young soldiers so that they would be faggots for the rest of their service.

- So, you joined Oleg because you hated me, am I right?

- Yes, Comrade Sergeant, you are right.

"Well, go on, tell me how you planned to do it."

- We were going to do it on Saturday in the bathhouse, you, Oleg, me, and
Timofey. We came up with an excuse to get you to go with us to the
bathhouse, where we would get you drunk and fuck you in the ass, and then
take you naked back to the company and, in front of all the guys, fuck you
again, and after that, the captain would promote Timofey to sergeant,
because we wouldn't listen to you, and Timofey would carry out Oleg's
orders, and Oleg would be the boss in the company, and Timofey would be the
sergeant, so that everything would be back the way it was before you, with
the old guys running everything in the company and the young soldiers doing
all the work for them.

"Well, now I see that you told me the truth, but I want one more thing from
you: suck my dick right now, and no one will touch you anymore, and I'll
put you above Oleg, and you'll fuck him all the time."

Anton was taken aback by this and looked at Stepan again.

"Anton, if you raise your head again when I haven't told you to, the guys
are ready to fuck you up. Now open your mouth, take my cock, and start
sucking it. Don't keep me waiting, I don't like that."

Anton had no choice but to take Stepan's cock in his mouth and start
sucking it. Anton sucked very poorly, plus Stepan had a very large and
thick cock, but Stepan didn't care, because he just needed to put Anton in
his place so that he would always obey Stepan's orders. Stepan had his own
plan for what to do with Timofey and what to do with Oleg. After Anton
sucked Stepan off and Stepan came in his mouth, he said to him:

"Listen to me carefully, no one will know that you sucked my dick if you
obey all my orders. Next, you find Timofey and bring him here. Then, when I
tell you to fuck Oleg, you will be the first in the company to fuck him in
the ass, and you will be his boss. He will be your personal faggot. Do you
understand me?

"Yes, Comrade Sergeant, I understand you."

"Now quickly carry out my orders."

Anton left, and Stepan called the young soldiers. When they came in, he
told them that Timofey would be coming in soon and that they would fuck him
in every hole, then take him naked out into the street, piss on him, and
bring him back to the company naked. He must kneel in the middle of the
room and loudly tell everyone that he is a faggot. After that, he will
sleep with Yura and Ivan under the bed, and Zhenya will be his commander
and can do whatever he wants with him. Carry out my orders.

Stepan went into the room, and when Anton brought Timofey to Stepan, Stepan
called the young soldiers and handed Timofey over to them, telling Anton to
go to the company and not say anything to Oleg. Anton left, and Stepan lay
down on the bed and didn't even go to see what the young soldiers were
doing with Timofey.

"Well, Timofey, did you want to take Stepan's place? We'll help you, right,
guys?"

"Of course we'll help you. How else would he do it himself?" said the guys,
and they all approached Timofey and, looking him in the eyes, said:

"Are you going to strip naked yourself, or do you want us to help you do
it?"

Timofey remained silent, as he understood his fate, what awaited him, and
that there was no point in asking Stepan to spare him. Timofey began to
take off his clothes, and when he had taken everything off, he simply knelt
down and awaited his fate. The guys didn't even expect it to be so easy,
but they had orders from Stepan to fuck Timofey hard, and the guys got to
work on him. They started kicking him all over his body, and the blows
landed on different parts of Timofey's body, and he screamed from the pain
and curled up, covering his face with his hands, rolling around on the
floor while the guys beat him, except for his head. When they had finished
with Timofey's body, they ordered him to get on his knees and start sucking
their cocks. Timofey knelt down, and the guys took turns fucking Timofey's
mouth. No one took pity on him, and they fucked him hard, and Timofey
gagged from the fact that the guys were fucking him with the full length of
their cocks and driving them right into his throat, which made him choke
and gag. After playing with him like this, they put him on all fours and
started fucking him in the ass.

Timofey screamed in pain, but that only turned the guys on, and they fucked
him even harder until all of them came in his ass. they didn't calm down,
but then dragged him outside, threw his clothes on the ground, and ordered
him to lie down on them. When Timofey lay down on his clothes, the guys
stood around him and started pissing on Timofey, and the urine ran down
onto his clothes. Then they took naked Timofey to the company, and when he
went inside, he knelt down and said loudly:

"I'm a faggot, I love sucking cocks and getting fucked in the ass."

All the soldiers were shocked by this, and they drove Timofey under the bed
where Yura and Ivan were, and Timofey remained a faggot until the end of
his service. Then the young soldiers explained to Zhenya his rights to
Timofey, and everyone dispersed. Oleg approached Anton and asked:

"Listen, Anton, do you know anything about what happened?"

"No, Oleg, I don't know anything."

"It's all kind of strange, don't you think?"

"I guess so."

"Do you know where Stepan is?"

"He was in the gym today, and he and Timofey were wrestling, and Timofey
put Stepan in a painful hold and he lost consciousness and is now in the
medical unit." Timofey showed his negative attitude towards Stepan ahead of
time, and our plan fell apart because of that, since we planned to
humiliate Stepan in the bathhouse today, but Timofey ruined everything and
now he's a faggot.

- Are you saying that the same thing could happen to us if Stepan finds out
that we also planned to humiliate him?

- I think so, but since no one is bothering us, maybe Stepan doesn't know
anything about us?

- Listen, Anton, it would be nice to have the support of the guys from our
draft class, don't you think?

- Oleg, don't you understand anything? No one will support us because you
talked to all the guys, and they refused to help you overthrow Stepan, and
now you want to enlist their support? Don't make me laugh, Oleg.

- What should we do now?

- I think we should sit quietly and keep our heads down and see what
happens when Stepan gets out of the infirmary.

- Fuck, Timofey, the young recruits beat him up so badly that there's not a
spot left on him, and then they fucked him up and now he's lying pissed
under the bed, and what's worse, Zhenya will now be in charge of them, even
though he was Timofey's faggot. Stepan probably knows something about us
too.

"Come on, Oleg, let's not speculate, let's wait and see what happens next,
and if Stepan starts asking about our draft, they'll all say that you
persuaded them to rebel against Stepan, so Oleg, you have an unenviable
role in this situation.

"And you, Anton, are no better than me, because you agreed with me to
participate in his humiliation, and if it comes to that, I'll turn you in
too, Anton."

"Yes, Oleg, this is how you recognize the person who started this game, and
when you realized that you could get beaten up, you immediately gave up
everyone who agreed to participate with you." You're such a dick, Oleg, I
don't even want to talk to you.

Anton got up and walked away from Oleg, thinking to himself: "It's good
that you behaved like that, now it will be easier for me to fuck you and
humiliate you."

Nothing much happened until morning, and in the morning Zhenya said loudly:

"Hey, faggot, come here quickly."

Timofey came to him naked and knelt in front of him. It was painful to look
at Timofey, he was all blue from the beatings, but Zhenya didn't pay any
attention to that, because Timofey had treated Zhenya very roughly in the
past, and now their roles had changed, now Timofey was in Zhenya's role,
and Zhenya ordered him to take his cock in his mouth and start drinking his
piss.

"If you drop even a drop on the floor, I'll shit on you, you understand me,
you bastard?"

Timofey took Zhenya's cock in his mouth and began to drink his urine, and
Zhenya was glad that now he could take revenge on Timofey for all the evil
he had done to him. Outwardly, everything was proceeding as usual in the
company. It was Sunday, no one had to go anywhere, and the soldiers were
going about their business, but Oleg's nervousness was palpable because he
was trying to get Anton on his side and wanted to enlist his support to
rebel against Stepan together. but he didn't know the main thing, that
Stepan already knew everything and that Anton sucked Stepan's dick and was
on his hook. On top of everything else, Stepan promised Anton that he would
be in charge of his draft class and that Oleg would be his personal faggot,
so Anton didn't fall for Oleg's persuasion and was angry with him. Towards
evening, Stepan appeared in the company, lined up all the soldiers, and
said:

"I want to know who wanted to undermine me as a sergeant and change the
rules I established?"

All the soldiers remained silent, and Stepan began to walk up and down the
aisle, looking into the soldiers' eyes. Stepan stopped, pointed at Anton,
looked him in the eyes, and asked:

"You don't know anything about this?"

Anton remained silent, as he did not know what to say in this situation,
since Stepan had not told him anything about it. Stepan walked on and
stopped, pointing at Oleg and asking him the same question. Oleg lowered
his eyes, and Stepan walked away from him. Pacing back and forth, he began
to speak to the soldiers:

"You can remain silent, but by doing so, you are only making things worse
for yourselves. I will find out who was behind this anyway, and then the
punishment for that soldier will be severe. The longer you remain silent,
the worse it will be for you. I ask again, who started this provocation?

Everyone remained silent, and then Stepan ordered all the soldiers to go
out into the street, and when they lined up, he led them to the parade
ground and made them march and sing the anthem, while he sat on a chair in
the middle of the parade ground and watched the soldiers. They marched on
the parade ground and sang the anthem for an hour, and Stepan lined them up
again and asked again:

"Which one of you planned to overthrow me?"

And again, there was silence in response.

"Well, since no one wants to confess, then get fully equipped, as if on
alert, and march 5 km." I'll give you one minute to get dressed quickly and
line up outside."

The soldiers quickly ran to the barracks, got dressed in full gear, and
lined up outside. Stepan looked at everyone and asked again:

"This is the last time I'm asking you, who started all this?"

Everyone remained silent.

"Do you understand that because of one person, you all now have to run 5 km
in full gear? After that, you will find out who it was, and I think that
soldier will have a very dark night.

Stepan approached Oleg and, looking him in the eyes, asked:

"Oleg, do you know who it could have been? Something tells me that you are
well aware of what is going on. After all, if all the soldiers find out
that you knew all this and still subjected everyone to such hardship, you
will also get it from them." So you don't know who it was?

But Oleg decided to remain silent until the end, and Stepan gave the order
to run and ran with everyone else. Stepan ran easily, but it was very
difficult for the soldiers, as their full uniforms made running very
difficult, and Stepan did not give any of the soldiers any leeway. He
already knew how this would end, but he gave Oleg several chances to
confess. However, Oleg couldn't tell the truth, and now a dark night
awaited him in the company, from the soldiers. Oleg understood this too,
but he couldn't bring himself to confess. After the first kilometer, the
soldiers were already exhausted, but Stepan urged everyone on and said that
if they didn't run 5 km right away, another kilometer would be added, and
this would continue until one of them confessed to what he had done. The
soldiers ran with their last ounce of strength because no one wanted to run
anymore. When they ran back to the unit, they were so exhausted that no one
had the strength to do anything. Stepan gave them 20 minutes to rest and
then lined them up again on the parade ground.

"So, does anyone want to confess to what they did? There are still two
hours until lights out, so you will march and sing the anthem for two
hours, or you can confess and go to the barracks to rest. So who was it?

There was complete silence, and then Stepan said:

"You're wasting your time keeping quiet, because I know who started this,
but I gave you a chance to confess so that I wouldn't have to make everyone
else suffer for your actions, and I'll ask you again, don't you want to
confess?"

Stepan walked down the line of soldiers and looked them in the eyes, but
Oleg still did not confess, so Stepan ordered Oleg to step out of line.

"Now you all see who started all this, but he didn't have the strength to
confess, and he put you all through such hardship. I give you permission to
give him a dark night, and Anton will be in charge of this. You can do
whatever you want with him, you can even lower him, he is now in your
hands. Now everyone disperse, but you, Oleg, stay with me for now.

When all the soldiers had left, Stepan asked Oleg:

"Tell me, Oleg, did you have a hard life, or did I oppress you? What made
you do this? I'm just curious to know."

"Why do you need to know anything now, when you've already handed me over
to all the soldiers?

"You're wrong to behave like this. In your position, it's just madness.

"Wouldn't you like to know that Anton also wanted to humiliate you with me?

"Are you serious?

Stepan laughed inwardly at Oleg, because he already knew everything about
this matter and therefore did not need the information that Oleg wanted to
tell him.

"Yes, I'm serious, because Anton agreed to help me overthrow your power,
and if Timofey had restrained himself with you, you would have been
humiliated in the bathhouse yesterday."

- But today is Sunday, and you will be humiliated, and Anton will be in
charge of you, because you provoked him to do so, and now you can go, they
are probably waiting for you impatiently.

Stepan decided not to spend the night in the barracks today, so he ordered
Anton not to let the soldiers kill Oleg and went to the doctor's apartment,
because after all these events, he wanted love and hugs.

Stepan went to the doctor's house because, after all that had happened, he
wanted someone nearby who could humiliate him, fuck him up, and then warm
him up on his chest. Vasily Ivanovich wasn't even surprised to see Stepan
standing there when he opened the door.

"Come in," he said calmly, and when Stepan entered the apartment and Vasily
Ivanovich closed the door, he ordered Stepan to kneel and bow to his feet.

Stepan expected this from the doctor, and he himself wanted to be treated
this way, so he knelt down and began to kiss the doctor's feet, who calmly
accepted this worship.

"Now quickly undress, I want to see you naked."

Stepan quickly stripped naked and knelt down again. Vasily Ivanovich
approached Stepan closely and pressed his crotch against his face.

"What do you want from me?"

"I want your love."

"Then you must agree to my decision that you will stay after your term of
service, train to become an ensign, and live with me. Can you give me that
promise?"

"Yes, my Master, I can give you that promise, because I want your love."

"Then, my faithful dog, crawl into the room, where I will fuck you."

Stepan crawled into the room on all fours, and the doctor watched him from
behind and liked his ass so much that he wanted to stick his dick right
there in the hallway into that ass and fuck him hard, this strong, young
guy, but Vasily Ivanovich restrained himself and waited until Stepan
crawled into the room and stopped near the sofa, waiting for Vasily
Ivanovich to sit down on the sofa so that he could serve him. Vasily
Ivanovich slowly approached the sofa and walked around Stepan. He liked
this athletic body and could calmly enjoy this young guy and there was no
need to rush anywhere, as Stepan would stay with him all night.

"What do you want from me, my slave?"

"Master, I want love, I want to give myself to you all night so that you
can use me as you see fit."

"Good, I like your attitude," and the doctor moved close to Stepan again
and pressed his face to his crotch.

"Do you like the way I smell?"

"Yes, my Master, I really like your smell."

"Then suck my cock and suck it like it's your last time in your life."

Stepan opened his mouth and took the doctor's cock inside. He began to suck
it greedily, swallowing it completely into his mouth, so that it entered
his throat, but Stepan had learned to take the doctor's huge cock into his
throat, so he no longer choked on it, and the doctor enjoyed Stepan's
ability to suck his cock so well. Stepan loved it when the doctor treated
him roughly, and so Vasily Ivanovich, knowing that this gave Stepan
enormous pleasure, did not spare his throat and simply fucked him roughly,
driving his cock in up to the balls. Stepan's throat was accustomed to such
rough sex, so he calmly let the doctor rape his mouth, especially since
they both enjoyed oral sex this way. The doctor was so sexually aroused
that he began to cum in Stepan's throat, and Stepan, in turn, enjoyed the
sperm and sucked out everything that could remain after the doctor's orgasm
subsided. When they both calmed down, the doctor motioned for Stepan to sit
next to him, and when Stepan sat down next to the doctor, they began to
kiss passionately.

Their kiss was passionate and long. Their tongues intertwined in their
mouths, their saliva mixed, and their embrace was so strong that no one
could have separated them at that moment. In this position, they fell onto
the sofa and continued to make love. Stepan was suffocating from such an
embrace of love, as he had not experienced this in a long time. In the
doctor's office, he sucked his cock, and then the doctor fucked him in the
ass, and here, at his home, where no one could see them and he could stay
with the doctor all night, Stepan was so moved by these feelings of love
that tears flowed from his eyes, and Vasily Ivanovich did not stop him, but
continued to kiss and hug him. Then Vasily Ivanovich did something unusual
when he leaned over Stepan's cock and took it in his mouth. It was the
first time the doctor had sucked Stepan's cock, and Stepan got excited and
started fucking the doctor's mouth, but the doctor couldn't take such a
huge cock in his mouth, and Stepan had to calm himself down and limit
himself to the doctor sucking his dick, but even that was wonderful, and
Stepan came in the doctor's mouth, and he swallowed his cum.

They were both breathing heavily and looking into each other's eyes, and
the doctor hugged Stepan and kissed him. It was their night of love, and
they fell asleep in each other's arms. In the morning, the doctor woke
Stepan up and told him to get ready and go to his unit, as he didn't want
anyone to find out about them before it was time. Stepan got ready, kissed
the doctor, and went to his unit. It was half past five, and there was
still half an hour before reveille.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 2 Jul 2025 16:20:08 +0300
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 18 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.  Ideas and suggestions also welcome.

You can email: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run.

Please consider making a donation to Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

18 part

When all the old soldiers had served their time and gone home, Stepan had
absolute power over all the soldiers in the company. Although he was a
young soldier, but he was in the rank of sergeant, had a good athletic body
and could quickly put any soldier in his place. He had his own methods of
management, and the captain of the company did not interfere in his
affairs, he needed discipline and Stepan did everything possible for it,
and what methods he used to achieve it, the captain did not care. The
captain knew for Yura and Ivan that Stepan had made faggots out of them and
all the guys in his company fucked them and that they were always in the
barracks and slept under the bed where Stepan had assigned them a
place. The soldiers saw that the captain always stood on Stepan's side and
so they were afraid of Stepan and did not cross him. Stepan could make a
faggot out of any soldier, if someone began to resent and defy him. He did
it through young soldiers, who listened to Stepan unconditionally and if it
was necessary to put someone in the category of faggot, the young soldiers
would catch such a soldier, whom Stepan pointed out to them, beat him, tear
his clothes, fuck him in the ass and finally just piss on him. Such a
soldier had to come to the barracks, pissed and naked, kneel and stand like
that until he sucked the dick of all the soldiers and was then kicked and
driven under the bed, in the place that was reserved for him. That's where
he had to be at all times, and from then on, he would start servicing all
the guys who wanted sex. So Stepan did with Ivan, demonstratively making a
faggot out of him and no soldier wanted such a participation for himself,
so they obeyed Stepan and did all his orders. Stepan also specially used
young soldiers, so that the old soldiers did not even have a chance to show
themselves in the role of a leader. Stepan tactfully destroyed any spirit
of resistance and so he gave the young soldiers more power over the old
soldiers who had served longer than them and were preparing for
demobilization. Stepan would sometimes for fun set the young soldiers
against some old soldier just to beat him up and make him scrub the
toilet. For the old soldier, it was considered humiliation, but he had only
two options, either he would clean the toilet or he would be fucked in the
ass and for the rest of his service, he would become a faggot. The old
soldiers chose between the two options to clean the toilet and so Stepan
got all the soldiers to obey and the old soldiers obeyed the young soldiers
because Stepan wanted them to. He broke all the hierarchy that was before
him and now the young soldiers commanded the old soldiers and they obeyed
their orders knowing that Stepan was behind the young soldiers. Now Stepan
could go about his business in peace and the young soldiers watched the old
soldiers and if they saw that a rebellion was beginning to arise among the
old soldiers to overthrow Stepan, they had the authority from Stepan to
simply beat such soldiers and break their inner spirit. When the resistance
of the old serving soldiers was broken, such soldiers would become slaves
of the young soldiers and wash their clothes and hem their collars. Stepan
encouraged such actions and tried always to turn this matter in such a way
that not just old soldiers obeyed the young ones, but humiliated them in
the presence of other soldiers from other units. Stepan had a skill of such
practice, because he himself in the school had gone through such a practice
when Kirill and Kostya humiliated him in the presence of other guys and now
Stepan did it with other soldiers, although he himself was a slave from
inside and he took his pain out on other soldiers. I was Stepan's personal
dog. I followed all his orders and all the soldiers in our company knew it
and when I, on Stepan's behalf, told someone to do something, everyone
understood that I just passed Stepan's orders and no one wanted to resist
Stepan's orders. Timofey took Zhenya and made him his bitch. He did
whatever he wanted with him, knowing that Stepan would not say anything to
him. Sometimes Stepan and Timofey made a show for themselves with our
participation. Zhenya and I had to play a couple in love, where I went as
the woman and Zhenya as my husband. Zhenya would lie on top of me and kiss
me. Our tongues would entwine in our mouths and it was a real kiss. Then
Zhenya would move down my body to my cunt while kissing me on my body, and
when his face was at my cunt, he would lick it and I would just go crazy
with excitement. Then I started to lick him everywhere and his cock was in
my mouth and I sucked it, but Gianni was not supposed to cum in my mouth as
he was supposed to fuck me in my cunt and then in my ass. When our sexual
games reached the very end and Zhenya had to cum in me, Stepan would stop
our games without letting Zhenya cum and they would put us both on all
fours, facing each other and we would kiss. At that time Stepan was fucking
me in the ass and Timofey was fucking Zhenya in the ass and all this was
happening in front of the whole company and the guys were so horny that
they were fucking Yura and Ivan in the mouth and in the ass at the same
time and such orgies were frequent during the night. Stepan slept with me
and he didn't care what the soldiers would say for him, because he himself
could put anyone down and make a faggot out of him and that's why the
soldiers were silent about it, but Timofey never slept with Zhenya. Zhenya
would come to Timofey at night, he would fuck him in the ass and after that
Zhenya would go to his bed, which was next to mine. I was Stepan's personal
belonging and Zhenya was Timofey's personal belonging. No one interfered
with this arrangement, and all the soldiers eventually accepted Stepan's
conditions. This was the way things were after the old soldiers who had
served their time left and went home.

There was a rise when all the soldiers woke up and ran outside for
exercise. The only people left in the barracks were me, Stepan, Yura and
Ivan, who were under the bed, after the night's orgy, when they had
serviced the soldiers all night. I always in the morning, knelt down in
front of Stepan and took his cock in my mouth. He would piss in my mouth
and go back to sleep, and I would go to wash up and prepare Stepan's
uniform. The soldiers at this time did physical exercises, then went to
wash up, had breakfast and after the announcement of the order, each went
to his workplace. I always brought breakfast to Stepan and then he would
get out of bed, eat and clean himself up. Then he would hand out to the
soldiers what they had to do and go to the gym, sometimes he took me with
him and this time I went with him too.

- You remember faggot, you are my thing and you have no opinion and no
business but to serve me. If I'm not satisfied with your work, you'll get a
severe spanking from me. Now I want you to be by my side when I lift
weights.

Stepan went to the trainer, checked the weight of the bar, lay down on the
trainer and took hold of the bar, took it off the mount and began to do a
bench press. I stood next to him to help Stepan if he had a problem, but
Stepan worked with the barbell well and I could see how his muscles were
tense and he was very beautiful in that state. Stepan worked on himself for
a long time and Timofey and Zhenya came into the gym to do some strength
training too. Stepan looked at Zhenya and said:

- Faggot, did you forget something here?

Zhenya faded his gaze to the floor and didn't know what to say as Timofey
took him with him and Timofey answered for him.

- I took him to be near me.

- Get the fuck out of here, faggot.

- Stepan, this is my faggot and I will command him!!!

Stepan looked at Timofey and said:

- Timofey, aren't you taking a lot on yourself? Just because I let you have
your faggot doesn't mean I don't have the right to give orders to both you
and him.

Again, Stepan turned to Zhenya and said:

- Get the fuck out of here, faggot.

Zhenya was about to leave when Timofey said to him:

- You're not going anywhere until I let you get out of here.

Zhenya froze in bewilderment and did not know what he should do in this
case. Stepan is a sergeant and has full authority and can order him what to
do, but Timofey is his personal commander and he too can order Zhenya what
to do and can beat him if he does not follow his orders. Zhenya stood
waiting for what would happen next and Stepan, seeing that Zhenya needed a
specific order, again told him to leave the gym. Zhenya did not test
Stepan's patience any further and went to the exit. Timofey was deeply hurt
by this and began to argue with Stepan.

- Stepan, I also want to be obeyed, but you are destroying my authority
with your authority and Zhenya may stop listening to me.

- So what? You've got a lot of pride, haven't you? So, I can help you with
it.

- You're wrong Stepan, I'm your right hand and you gave me this authority
so I can command the soldiers in the company.

- What else do you have to say for yourself? What do you think I'm wrong
and why should I apologize to you?

- I'm not telling you to ask for forgiveness, but don't humiliate me in
front of other soldiers, especially in front of these faggots.

- Timofey, let you come down to earth and don't have a high opinion of
yourself, otherwise I can quickly transfer you to the category of faggots,
and then you will be worse than those who sleep and live only under the
bunk.

- Don't go overboard Stepan, I'm not a faggot and you won't make one out of
me.

- I'm telling you Timofey, you have a very high opinion of yourself, and I
can prove it to you by the fact that today you will be in the ranks of
fags. Is that what you want for your future in the army?

- I'm not going to obey you, and you'll never make a faggot out of me.

Stepan started laughing, but Timofey was getting more and more agitated and
angry with Stepan.

- Timofey, don't force me to use tough methods on you, you don't know what
I can do to you, and it will be very hard for you when your pride is hurt.

- I'm behaving normally, and you Stepan just screwed me over, and hard.

- Believe me Timofey, there was no harshness in all this, it was just a
subordination of authority, and you disregarded my authority and started
arguing with me. If you think I'm wrong, then let's settle this right
here. Whoever wins will rule the company. Is that okay with you?

- Yes, I'm fine with it.

Timofey wanted to take Stepan's place for a long time, but he didn't have
the right opportunity, and now Stepan himself offers him to fight for
power, and Timofey thought that he has enough strength to defeat Stepan and
that's why he agreed to such conditions.

- But remember Timofey, if I come out victorious in our struggle, you will
never argue with me again.

- But then, if I come out victorious, you will not claim the power that I
will have.

- So, you and I have a deal. Let's go to the mats and wrestle with you to
check which of us will command the company in the future.

Stepan and Timofey got into position and began to wrestle with each
other. Stepan was a wrestler and wrestled well, but Timofey never wrestled
and so Stepan gave in to him, but he was cold-blooded in his actions and
knew what to do in different situations in the fight. Timothy was led by
the thirst for power and so he used all his strength to defeat Stepan, but
he was quickly tired because of this, as he wasted his strength
inappropriately. Stepan led Timothy to defeat and when Timothy had no
strength to fight Stepan any longer, Stepan very cleverly turned Timothy
over on his stomach and took him in a painful clamp, and Timothy
surrendered. Stepan lay on top of Timofey and did not let go of him.

- What do you say now? Which of us has full authority?

- You Stepan have full authority.

- Hey faggot, or here, Stepan said to me. Take off Timofey's shorts, his
ass should be exposed.

- Stepan, what are you doing? I recognized your authority.

- Now you'll find out everything.

I came and started pulling down Timofey's shorts and exposed his ass.

- Now take off my shorts, quick.

I pulled Stepan's shorts off and that way Stepan's cock was resting on
Timofey's ass.

- Now do you realize that I can put you in the faggot category very
quickly?

- Yes Stepan, but don't do it to me.

- And now you will swear to me that you will no longer resist my authority.

- I swear I won't resist your authority.

Stepan let go of Timothy and stood up from him.

- You can go now, I'm not holding you any longer, but send your faggot to
me and urgently, I need him.

Timofey left the gym and he had a grudge against Stepan in his heart and
decided to take revenge on him and move him out of power. Timofey found
Zhenya and told him to quickly go to the gym and when he arrived Stepan
looked him in the eyes and said:

- You will watch Timofey and if there is anything suspicious in his
behavior or affairs, you will report to me at once. I give you a guarantee
that he will not touch you for what happened in the gym, and if he does
something, we will tell me, do you understand me?

- Yes, Comrade Sergeant, I understand you.

- Go and if Timofey asks what I called you for, tell him that I gave you an
order to clean the shower room, got it?

- Yes, Comrade Sergeant.

Stepan and I left the gym and went to the infirmary. There the doctor
injected me with hormones and I left, and Stepan stayed with the doctor. I
went to Misha's pigsty, as Stepan didn't give me any instructions, and
Misha was coming towards me.

- Hi Kolya, where are you going?

- I was coming to visit you, since Stepan stayed with the doctor and didn't
give me any assignments.

- Listen Kolya, I have a bad feeling about Stepan. He's been going to the
doctor a lot and it's suspicious, let's check them out.

- How are you going to check them?

- Come on, we'll see.

We went to the infirmary to find out what Stepan was doing with the
doctor. Misha was a cunning guy; he had been grooming this place for a long
time so that he could discreetly observe what was going on in the infirmary
when the doctor was alone with Stepan and he noticed that there was a tree
nearby from which he could see what was going on in the room where the
doctor was staying with Stepan. Misha and I climbed the tree and saw this
picture. Stepan was kneeling in front of the doctor and sucking his
cock. Misha and I looked at each other and continued to watch. After a
while, the doctor put Stepan on all fours and started to lick his ass, and
then he put his cock inside him and started fucking him. - Kolya, Stepan
turned out to be a faggot.

- It's strange, of course, but there must be an explanation for his
behavior, because you can't become a faggot in such a short time if you've
never been a faggot before?

- Are you saying that Stepan was already a fag before the army? Then why
did he behave like that with you and very cruelly?

- I don't know, but it seems to me that it's easier to hide the truth about
yourself, pretending that you hate fags and still have sexual contact with
the guy.

- Seems like a logical explanation, but one detail seems to be missing, and
that's that he's now in a passive position in front of the doctor and
active with you. What do you think about that, Kolya?

- I don't know Misha, but Stepan's actions are contradictory. If he's a fag
and likes guys, then his attitude towards me explains it. It's easier for
him to show his attraction to guys, and no one condemns him for it, because
they think he's doing it because he hates fags, even though he's a fag
himself and look how the doctor fucks him in the ass.

- Yeah, it's like they're a couple in love and they've known each other for
a long time. What are we going to do with this information?

- Misha, do you and I have proof that they're having sex?

- Yes, we should think about it, how to film them, so that Stepan and the
doctor can be nailed to the wall.

- Misha, leave them alone, we've only got four months to serve and we'll
forget this army with Stepan.

- Also true, but I'll think of something to videotape it, just in case.

The doctor was fucking Stepan, and we were so sexually aroused that Misha
offered me some privacy to relieve the sexual tension. We climbed down from
the tree and Misha took me to his room where he was when he was at work in
the pigsty and there, he fucked me in the ass. It had been a long time
since I had been with him and it made me so happy that I started crying
from happiness and Misha hugged me and said that after the army he would
marry me and we would be together all the time.

The doctor fucked Stepan, they went to the shower, washed themselves and
Vasily Ivanovich asked Stepan to tell his story further.

Kirill was with me all day so that all the guys would get used to the fact
that I was wearing a collar and I now belonged to Kirill. Not only was the
first day hard for me, but the whole week as I was getting used to my new
status and the guys were getting used to the fact that Kirill had his
rights over me. They began to realize that Kirill and Kostya were fucking
me in the ass, but no one wanted to resist Kirill. The last lesson we had
was wrestling and Kostya ordered me that when I wrestled with Gosha, I had
to piss on him and I had to piss on his face. To do this Kostya made me
drink a very large amount of water to make it easier for me to do it. I was
very nervous about this, as on the snap, starting to piss on Gosha's face
was hard for me.

- Remember faggot, if you don't do it, I will do it to you.

I looked at Kostya, who didn't even blink an eye, as if pissing during a
wrestling match was so easy, as if you were standing next to a urinal and
just pissing in it.

Our wrestling began. I wrestled with Bones and he used strong painful
techniques to keep me under him the whole time and when he felt my strength
starting to go, Bones pinned me in such a way that my face was under his
cock and he took a little piss on me. Kostya's uniform was wet and my face
was in his piss and Kostya told me before he got up off me:

- That's how you should piss on Gosha like I did to you.

Kostya got up from me and went and sat on the bench and I sat next to him.

- Why the fuck did you sit next to me, faggot?

- Where was I supposed to sit?

- You should always sit next to Gosha, since you are two faggots and you
stink of piss.

Kostya looked at me and I realized I had to sit down. I sat next to
Gosha. He looked at me and turned away because I stank of piss.

- Well, I'll do you, I thought, you'll smell like piss when I piss on you
too, you fucking faggot.

The guys all took turns fighting each other and the last fight I had to
fight was with Gosha. I was setting myself up internally to piss Gosha,
especially since I already wanted to piss a lot because of the amount of
water I drank. We started to fight with Gosha and my goal was not to beat
Gosha, but to lay my crotch on his face and at that moment to piss on
him. I did my best for this and at the end of our struggle I managed to
break Gosha in such a way that I had my crotch on his face, and since my
bladder was very full, I only had to let go of my muscles and my urine
poured on Gosha's face. Gosha was furious at this, but I had him firmly in
a painful grip and he couldn't break free and my urine was running down his
face and Kostya could see it. I thought I'd probably had enough of Gosha
and let him go. He jumped on me in a rage and the guys were all laughing at
the fact that I had pissed on Gosha. Kostya stood up and interceded for me,
pushing Gosha aside.

- Stepan, how should this be understood, the coach asked me.

- I can't explain anything, but Gosha pushed hard on my bladder and that's
how it happened.

- So, everyone go to the locker room, and you Stepan to mop the floor here,
the coach told me.

All the guys went to the locker room and were discussing our fight with
Gosha, especially how I pissed on his face. I took the toiletries and
mopped the gym floor and went to the locker room. Kostya was waiting for me
and wagged his finger at me to come over to him.

- You're lucky you did everything the way I told you to, and now you're
coming to bathe with me in the same stall and you're going to wash my back.

Kostya always chose the far stall when he went to bathe, because from there
it was hard to see what they could do there, and since Kostya liked to fuck
me in the ass, he always washed me there and I knew it. We went into the
shower stall and started to bathe together. Not all of the guys had bathed
yet, so none of them noticed that we were bathing together in the same
stall.

- Wash my back, Kostya said to me.

I took some soap and a sponge and started washing his back. I went down to
his ass and asked Kostya:

- Will you wash your ass yourself, or should I wash it too?

- You must always wash my ass well, otherwise you will lick it with your
tongue if I don't like the way you washed it.

I started to wash his ass and my hands went over his crack and with my
finger I hit his anus and Kostya moaned and I did it again and Kostya
moaned again from the buzz and asked me to put my finger in his anus and I
put my finger in his anus and Kostya closed his eyes and quietly told me to
work my finger in his anus. I started to move my finger back and forth and
realized that Kostya was getting very aroused as I reached out my hand to
his cock and it was standing up. Kirill was watching us closely and his
cock was also standing up. After a while Kostya switched places with me and
now, he stood behind me, soaped my ass and inserted his cock into me and
started fucking me in the ass. Kostya didn't even mind that not all the
guys were out of the shower room yet, he was horny and wanted to have
sex. Gosha passed by and Kostya called him and when Gosha came up, he told
him not to leave the room, as he and Kirill would come to visit us. Gosha
left and Kostya was still fucking me and all the guys came out of the
shower room, only Kirill stood under the shower and watched them. I was the
only one in the row that we were at the very end of the shower room and the
guys couldn't see us. Kostya started cumming in me and when he was done, he
kicked me out of his stall and said:

- Get the fuck out of here faggot before I take you to the locker room and
make you suck my cock in front of the guys.

I stood there in shock at Bones' hatred for me and he showered himself and
went to the locker room. I turned around and looked at the back of Bones
leaving, and his bare ass looked so cute that I wanted to fuck him and that
thought made my dick hard.

- Why are you standing there so confused, I heard Kirill's voice.

I looked at him and he beckoned me with his finger. I walked over to him
and my dick was standing hard.

- What faggot, you want to fuck Kostya in the ass?

I put my head down as Kirill guessed my desire.

- Yes, Kostya has a nice ass, I would fuck him too, but for now it's just a
project.

I raised my head and looked at Kirill.

- What faggot, surprised by my wishes?

- Yes Master, surprised.

- Don't be surprised, I would like to fuck a lot of guys if it was my
will. Now stop talking, I want to fuck you.

I went into the stall with Kirill and turned my back to him. Kirill
positioned himself behind me and his cock entered my ass. It went in easily
after Kostya fucked me and my asshole was open. Kirill fucked me with
pleasure and took his time to cum quickly, since he and I were alone in the
shower room and all the guys were long gone. Kirill loved me, and I felt
it, only in the presence of Kostya, he did not show his feelings for me,
but when we were alone, he pressed me against him and kissed me on the
neck, sometimes kissed me on the lips, but it was very rare. When Kirill
had fucked me and we were washing up, I asked him:

- Master, why do you allow Kostya to treat me like that?

- Stjepa, you don't have to worry about that. Your business is to serve us
and you must do it very well. Is that clear to you, or should I explain it
to you some other way?

- No Master, you don't have to explain it to me differently, I understand
what you're saying.

- Well then, don't ask me unnecessary and unnecessary questions, just do
your duties and I will be lenient with you.

We walked out of the shower room and went to our lockers.

- We will visit you today and we will put a cage on Gosha and you will
control him and command him, got it?

- Yes Master, understood.

I didn't ask Kirill any more questions, as it annoyed him, but just decided
to figure out my authority and what I could do with Gosha as I went
along. I got to the room and Gosha came at me about me pissing on him in
public while wrestling. We started wrestling with him and Gosha got me on
the floor and started punching me in the face with his fists. I was ducking
away from his punches, but Gosha was stronger than me and made a good run
at my block that I put up against him and his fist hit me hard in the
eye. My eye swelled quickly and Gosha landed a few more punches on my face
and left me and sat on the bed.

- I'm going to kill you faggot and I don't care if Kirill is for you.

I lay on the floor and was afraid to get up.

- You bitch will sleep under my bed and your fucking mouth will be a urinal
for me. I'll piss and shit in it and you fucking faggot will eat my shit.

Gosha was furious that Kostya made me piss on Gosha during the struggle. I
was lying on the floor and was afraid to even get up to lie on my bed.

- Crawl under the bed faggot and lie there until the evening, and when
Kostya and Kirill come, then you can get out of there.

I crawled under the bed and lay there until 8 pm, when Kirill and Kostya
came to our room. Kirill looked at my face and asked:

- Did this asshole beat you like that?

- Yes Master, it was him.

- What was the reason why he beat you so hard?

- Kostya wanted me to piss on Gosha during the fight.

- I see. Kostya, this is your fault, so you need to fix it and put Gosha in
his place so he never raises his hand on my slave again, or I might put you
in your place and you won't like it.

- I know what can be done to Gosha and that thing is in my pocket.

- And what is this thing that will put Gosha in his place?

- Now Kirill you'll see everything with your own eyes.

Kostya approached Gosha and told him to strip naked and when Gosha
undressed, Kostya took a chastity cage out of his pocket and started to put
it on Gosha's cock.

- Remember faggot, Stepan will now command you and it will be in his power
to allow you to remove the cage or not. I will have one key and he will
have the other. I'm not going to release you personally and don't even come
to me for that. My key will just be a backup in case Stepan's key gets lost
somewhere. If you take any wrong actions towards Stepan, your cock will be
permanently caged until it rots from your own sperm contamination under the
head, which you can't wash. If you behave well, Stepan will wash your cock
and then lock it back in the cage, and about jerking off, it's up to
Stepan, when you humble yourself in front of him and start sucking his cock
and he can fuck you in the ass. These are the conditions for you, do you
understand us faggot?

Gosha was shocked by what Kostya said, but realizing that now he was
completely dependent on Stepan, he agreed to such conditions.

- Now show us how you kneel in front of Stepan and suck his dick.

Gosha looked at Kostya and did not dare to do it.

- Why are you such a faggot so undecided? When you beat Stepan, you were so
determined, but when you had to suck his dick, all your determination went
up your ass. Shall I help you to do it, or will you get on your knees
yourself?

Gosha reluctantly got off the bed and knelt down in front of me.

- Come on, start sucking Stepan's cock, we won't wait long.

Gosha opened his mouth and took my cock in his mouth. Kostya started
videotaping and when I was about to cum, Kostya told me to do it on Gosha's
face to videotape him covered in me cum, kneeling with his mouth open and
collecting me cum from his face and licking it off. When it was over,
Kirill and Kostya left and I lay down on my bed and turned away from
Gosha. Gosha was thrown into a long shock. He didn't say anything to me or
touch me. He just lay on the bed and seemed frozen in that position. I fell
asleep from today's events, as I was tired and slept very soundly. In the
morning my face was even more swollen and I couldn't open my right
eye. Gosha was paralyzed from yesterday's events and was lying on the bed
not knowing what he should do now. His cock was in a cage and he was used
to jerking off in the morning and now he was deprived of this opportunity
and he couldn't accept it. I decided to test Gosha for submission since I
had been given such power over him, so I got off the bed and walked over to
him.

- You're going to suck my cock now faggot, or you won't be able to jerk it
off all week.

Gosha looked at me with glassy eyes and said nothing to me.

- If you don't take my cock in your mouth right now, Kostya will find out
and then he will personally educate you himself.

Gosha realized that it was better to do it in a room where no one could see
him and took my cock in his mouth and started sucking it. He sucked it
badly, but I still cum in his mouth and after that I said to him:

- You suck badly and so I will not give you freedom until you learn to suck
my cock very well and with desire.

I left the room and went to wash my face. I didn't care about Gosha, and I
was determined to humiliate him until he respected me as his Master. If I
was given this opportunity, it would be foolish not to take it. I came into
the room and Gosha was stupidly sitting on the bed staring at one point.

- Stop dying, faggot. You will worship me from this day forward and if I
don't like something I will add every day to your confinement and your dick
will be permanently caged, so I got up from the bed and went to tidy up.

Afterwards, you will make my bed, and you will do this every day.

Gosha slowly got out of bed and went to wash his face, for him it was a big
break in his consciousness that now he would not be able to jerk his cock
without my consent.

I came to class and everyone was paying attention to me as I had been well
beaten by Gosha yesterday and my right eye was very swollen, but no one
knew yet that I was the owner of Gosha's cock and it was up to me whether
Gosha could jerk off or not, and for that he had to suck my cock well for
me to be satisfied with his work. Gosha did not take my words seriously at
first, but I decided to speed up the process of understanding his
upbringing and asked Kirill for help to get some pills for arousal and use
them to educate Gosha through pain and suffering. Kirill brought the pills
the next day and we made Gosha drink one pill and after 15 minutes, he
started to feel a strong arousal and his penis was strongly spread in the
cage and it was a strong pain and strong arousal. I looked at Gosha and
inner gloating filled me. I realized that this way I would make him humble
himself before me, but I would not do anything for Gosha to ease his
suffering and arousal, I would use it for my own purposes and make him suck
and suck my cock and he would do it for a very long time and then I would
fuck him in the ass and make him cum from sex with me. This was the vision
I had in front of me regarding Gosha and after an hour, Gosha gave in and
started asking me to ease his pain and arousal and take the cage off him so
he could just jack off and relieve his sexual tension.

- You suck my dick badly and you need to learn to do it well so I can enjoy
your work on my cock, and so you will be caged for now so you can learn to
humble yourself before me and recognize me as your Master. Until you do,
you will never be free of this cage and I will give you pills from time to
time until you go crazy and get on your knees to forgive me so I can ease
your cock pain from the cage and that way I will make you humble yourself
before me and recognize me as your Master.

I turned around and left and Gosha, confused by this turn of events, stood
still and didn't know what to do. Another lesson had passed and Gosha's
sexual arousal was at its peak. He came to me again and was already begging
me to take the cage off him.

- You lack the proper humility before me. If you want a little relief so
badly, you should ask me on your knees so that I can understand that you
recognize me as your Master, but this way you just want to get rid of your
sexual arousal quickly and not listen to me again.

I turned to leave, and Gosha knelt down in despair and said:

- Master, I beg you to have mercy on me.

I looked at him and saw the intense anguish on his face and at the same
time his humility before me.

- Okay, I'll take the cage off you, but not until you give me a good, even
very good, blowjob. Come with me to the toilet and show me the class of
your work, how your mouth can suck my cock well and bring me to an
indescribable orgasm, otherwise your cock will stay in the cage and you
will not come to me until the end of the class.

We went into the toilet and Gosha knelt down. I unbuttoned my pants and
pulled them down and Gosha took my cock in his mouth and started sucking my
cock hard. I could see how hard he was trying but I was determined not to
let go of his cock even after he sucked my cock and Gosha was trying so
hard that I was laughing internally at him who was so cool when he fought
me and now, he was at my feet sucking my dick. My arousal peaked and I
started to cum in Gosha's mouth. Gosha was swallowing me cum and hoping I
would let him jerk off, but I had my own agenda to humble him and when I
stopped shooting cum, Gosha thought he was done and stopped sucking my cock
and let it out of his mouth.

- Did someone give you permission not to suck my dick, faggot? Or do you
decide what to do in this case?

Gosha looked at me with surprised eyes and couldn't understand why I was
doing that to him.

- Why are you staring at me with your stupid eyes? Go ahead and keep
sucking my cock and when I tell you that's enough, only then you stop doing
it.

Gosha took my cock in his mouth again and started sucking it again. By this
action, I was humiliating him and there was nothing left for him to do but
to obey me, hoping that I would take the cage off him and he would jerk his
cock. Gosha was sucking my cock and it wouldn't get hard because I wanted
to piss and I stopped him and said:

- Now I will piss in your mouth and you will drink my piss and only after
that I will allow you to jerk dick.

Gosha was in shock. His surprise was so exciting that I laughed and said:

- If you don't want to get sexually unloaded, you can go right now, I'm not
holding you back, and if you really need to jerk off, you'll drink my piss.

Gosha had my dick in his mouth and I realized that he wanted a sexual
unloading badly and started pissing in his mouth. Gosha had to drink my
piss and when I stopped pissing in his mouth, I ordered him to get off his
knees and taking the cage off of him, allowed him to jerk his cock. Gosha
jerked off quickly and not for a long time, as his cum started flying off
his dick in powerful charges and when he finished shooting his cum, I put
the cage back on his dick and waited for him to thank me, but Gosha didn't
even think of thanking me and I told him so. Gosha apologized to me and got
on his knees and thanked me.

- Remember faggot, that was the first time I reminded you how you should
behave with me if I did something for you or pardoned you. There won't be
another time, if you overlook my mercy for you, I will make you suffer so
much that gratitude will come out of your mouth all by itself.

I left the stall and went to the classroom, and Gosha followed me.

Kirill loved me, though he punished me, but Kostya hated me and tried to
humiliate me as much as possible. I couldn't understand why Kirill allowed
Kostya to do such things to me, and he realized that it hurt me.

- Listen to me faggot, Kostya told me as I walked into the classroom. Even
though Kirill allows you to dominate Gosha, but I will humiliate you every
time so that you know your place and can worship me as your god and I must
be above Kirill in this respect, do you understand me?

- Kostya, I can't put you above Kirill, as he is my Master, not you, and I
will pass this conversation to him.

Kostya spit in my face and went to sit down in his seat. I wiped myself
from his spit and noticed that a lot of guys were looking at me. It made me
very uncomfortable and Kostya was sitting next to Ivan and they were
laughing at me and Ivan gave me the middle finger and I put my face down so
I wouldn't look at him.

- You're a stooge and a cocksucker, Ivan said to me as he walked up to me
and if it wasn't for Kirill I would have made you suck my dick right there
in front of our class, so thank Kirill that I respect him and Ivan stepped
away from me.

I didn't know what to do since after that incident when I put the collar
around my neck all the guys realized who I was and they hated me, but only
the realization that Kirill was my Master stopped them from treating me
harshly. Class was over and Kirill came up to me and said we had to go to
the store. I went with him to his house and on the way, I told him about
what Kostya had told me and wanted me to worship him as a god, neglecting
you so that you my Master meant nothing to me.

- Don't worry about that, I know how to put Kostya in his place.

- But then why do you let him bully me like this?

- I need him for your upbringing, so that you can ignore humiliation from
other people and worship me regardless of place and action. You should not
care about anything other than worshiping me. Even if there are people
around, it shouldn't stop you from fulfilling your duties to me and so I
will let him treat you like this for now and accept it as my training over
you.

- All right Master, I'll obey Kostya as you do.

- I like that you are quick to agree to my terms, but I want you to always
focus only on me. I can simply show you with my finger or my facial
expressions and you must instantly comply with my gestures, is that clear
to you?

- Yes, master, I do.

- I will teach you my gestures so that you know them and what you should
do, and Kostya is just a tool for your education, and I have been watching
him for a long time, but I lack one more link to establish an accurate
picture of his actions.

- What do you mean, Master?

- That shouldn't concern you, as this is my area of expertise, and you do
what you have to do and then I will always be on your side.

We went to his house and Kirill took the car and we drove with him to the
mall.

- I want to buy you some cool panties and you will wear them all the time
until you get used to them. You're my girl and I want you to look like a
girl. I also want you to have a long dick and for that I will buy you a
device that will enlarge your dick, let Gosha fully know what it is to be a
faggot when he is fucked with a long dick.

I was surprised at Kirill's thinking, but I wanted to have a long dick, but
I didn't want to wear women's panties, because guys would just laugh at me,
but Kirill decided to do that to me and so it was useless to argue with
him. We went into the sex shop section and Kirill picked out a pair of
women's panties for me and we went to the fitting room to try them on. I
undressed and put on the panties Kirill had picked out for me.

- Spin around, I want to look at you from all sides.

I began to twirl in front of Kirill to please him and even began to flirt
in front of him, touching my ass to his crotch. Kirill's dick got hard and
he pressed my ass against his crotch and started rubbing against it. His
very hard cock did its work in me and I started moaning and pressing harder
against Kirill's crotch and Kirill quickly took off his pants and put his
cock in me. He was so intensely aroused by me that it took him two minutes
to cum inside me. I looked at him with a satisfied face and he said to me:

- You Stepan are a first-class slut, you know how to get my cock up and
make me cum so fast. Okay, get dressed and let's go, those panties look
good on you.

I got dressed, and we left the fitting room, paid for the panties, and went
to look at a good dick enlargement pump. Kirill wanted to see how I would
fuck Gosha in the ass with my big cock, so that Kirill could then fuck me
with intense arousal. Kirill chose a very nice pump and we went to his
house. Once in his room, Kirill told me to undress and try the pump so he
could determine how it really worked. I undressed, inserted my cock into
the pump and turned it on. A vacuum was created in the pump and my cock
started to pull out. It was a little uncomfortable, but when my cock took
up all the space of the pump, it was visually pleasing to look at my cock,
which had gotten big without any extra manipulation.

- How does it feel?

- A little discomfort and a little pain from it stretching my dick.

- You'll be patient for the result, but then you'll fuck Gosha with your
big cock, and I'll fuck you to let you know who your real Master is, and
while your cock is stretching, get on your knees and start sucking my cock,
I want to fuck you in the ass.

I got on my knees and took Kirill's cock in my mouth. I liked Kirill and so
I always enjoyed giving him blowjobs. I licked his head, sucked his cock,
licked his balls and when Kirill was in a strong sexual excitement, he bent
me forward, put his cock in my ass and started fucking me in my ass. Kirill
fucked me with great pleasure, I always turned him on and that's why he
treated me well, not like Kostya. Kirill fucked me and went to the bathroom
to wash up, I went with him. We washed up and went into the room and Kirill
let me take off the vacuum pump. My cock was a little sore from all that
stretching, but it looked good. I put on the panties Kirill had bought me
and got dressed to go home when Kostya called and said he would be right
in. Kirill told me to wait and when Kostya came by told him that he would
like to take me to his house.

- Stepan's face has to be beautiful so you don't hit him in the face, do
you understand me, Kostya?

- Kirill, what are you talking about? I know how to handle this faggot, so
don't worry. Come faggot with me, I've got business for you.

Kostya and I went out and went to his house. Ivan was waiting for us in
room when he saw us, he got up from the bed and came to me and said:

- I'll fuck your ass so faggot today that you will remember me for a long
time, now quickly undress, I have no time to wait.

I undressed and wanted to take off my panties, but Ivan stopped me and told
me to put my hands up. I put my hands up and he started stroking my panties
and said:

- Yes, Kirill knows a thing or two about lingerie. Those pink panties look
good on you, you're sexy. If your dick were removed, you would be the most
beautiful whore and you should be fucked by our whole team.

Ivan stroked me and pressed his cock against my ass, and then he put me on
my knees and ordered me to take his cock in my mouth and start sucking it

- Fuck Kostya, that faggot sucks cock well, he's a specialist in this
business.

- And how nice it is to fuck him in the ass.

- I'll check that too.

I sucked Ivan's dick and when he was already in a strong sexual state, he
told me to lie on the floor face down and when I lay like that, Ivan lay on
top of me and started shoving his dick in my ass. Kirill had fucked me
before him and so Ivan's cock went in well and Ivan started fucking me. He
fucked me well, without any hardness and I liked it, but Kostya fucked me
hard and rough after him, because he hated me. The two of them fucked me
and Kostya kicked me out of his house and I went to the dorm. I was mad at
Kostya and when I got to my room, I started hitting Gosha and told him to
get on his knees. Gosha was starting to be afraid of me and I made him
afraid of me every time. I took out all my pain on Gosha that Kostya was
causing me and I oppressed him and eventually began to kick him when I
realized that Gosha had broken down and would not resist me anymore. He
became disgusting to me as a person and I started pissing in his mouth and
made him lick my ass. Gosha became my slave, he did laundry or things,
carried my backpack to school, cleaned my room and did any other job I
ordered him to do. I made him quit wrestling because I thought a fag like
Gosha shouldn't wrestle, plus he wore a chastity cage all the time and I
just made fun of him and didn't take the cage off him or let him onanize
for a long time. Gosha was crying in front of me, begging me to take off
the cage and let him jerk off his dick, but I would take my belt and beat
him on his dick so that he would never beg me or ask me to let him jerk
off. I fucked him in the ass and Gosha accepted his fate and after two
months he began to beg and plead with me himself to fuck him in the ass. I
saw that he started gaining weight because he stopped draining his cum and
I got him to the point where he learned to cum from sex with me. I washed
his cock every day and then locked him in a cage. I did not even allow him
to touch it unnecessarily, and for violating it, I gave him a pill to
punish him with arousal, for violating my orders and then Gosha would
suffer a lot, crying, crawling in my legs, but I did not react to it, I was
hard on him. I could handcuff him to the bed for the whole night and did
not allow him to go to the toilet. He was tormented by a strong urge to
pee, but I often hit him for it when he pissed on his bed and so he would
tolerate it for a long time until I let him go to the toilet. I trained him
to eat off the floor like a dog and when I was in a bad mood, I would kick
Gosha under the bed and he would lie under it all night. After three months
Gosha became spineless and he was so much afraid of me that when I entered
the room he would instantly fall at my feet and kiss my shoes to favor
me. Sometimes I would let him jerk off, for his good service to me, but
mostly Gosha would cum from sex with me when I fucked him in the ass and
thus, he became my obedient slave and Kirill knew this and allowed me to do
this to Gosha. Kostya didn't like it and he treated me badly too and if it
wasn't for Kirill I would probably be just like Gosha. Kostya often
provoked Kirill to buy a cage for me to sit and even sleep in, and Kirill
bought such a cage for me.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Thu, 20 Mar 2025 15:53:23 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 17 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.  Ideas and suggestions also welcome.

You can email: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run.

Please consider making a donation to Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/


I'm in the army 17 part

Stepan and I were walking to the infirmary. I was walking behind him and
suddenly Stepan stopped, turned to me and said:

- Listen to me carefully, faggot. Don't think that I was so drunk last
night that I don't remember anything I told you. I can fundamentally change
my attitude towards you and you will only be my faggot and no one will ever
touch you again. You'll never eat shit again, but you'll serve me all the
time and you'll sleep with me when I want you to. I will fuck you wherever
I want, you don't have to care and you will do my bidding quickly and
instantly. I guess you agree to those terms?

I was dumbfounded by this conversation and Stepan's behavior towards me. I
couldn't understand why he had such a sudden change of attitude towards
me. Maybe he was afraid that I might sue him? Because I couldn't think of
any other explanation. Of course, I was willing to agree to such
conditions, because after going through such humiliation from him, I wanted
him to treat me a little better.

- Comrade Sergeant, I agree to your terms.

- Of course you do. From now on you are completely subordinate to me, and
no one will touch you anymore, and if anything goes wrong, you tell me at
once, do you understand me, faggot?

- Yes, Comrade Sergeant.

-Okay, let's go and don't forget, you're getting shots every day now, I
want to see you as a girl.

We came to the infirmary and Stepan told Vasily Ivanovich that we should
continue to inject hormones and that I agree to these injections and that
he would not file any application to the court.

- Is it true, Nikolai?

- Yes, it's true, I answered, and I didn't even realize how Stepan had
deceived me when he was talking to me so nicely.

He just used me and got what he wanted and it was so easy that only later,
when I had time, I was able to think about what had happened and how he had
taken advantage of the situation and brought the conversation so that I had
no other options.

- Basically, I thought, if Stepan doesn't abuse me again, then so be it,
but if he starts abusing me again, I'll file a lawsuit against him and the
doctor.

Vasily Ivanovich gave me an injection, and Stepan told me to go to the
barracks and in the evening to the stoker's room.

Yura went up to Ivan in the morning and told him that he had a conversation
with him. Yura wanted to present the whole conversation in such a way that
Ivan wouldn't guess that the whole problem he had was because he didn't
want to obey Stepan that night when the grandfathers celebrated their
demobilization and Fedya put him at Stepan's disposal. Yura didn't even
know how to start the conversation, since without the main reason why Ivan
should stand up for Yura he didn't know, but decided to just get his
support.

- Ivan, can I rely on you?

- What's up?

- Ivan, you see, the thing is that Stepan may rise up against you and
me. You've noticed that he's taken over everything and it's just you and me
who don't obey him.

- What makes you think it'll be the way you're telling me?

-Stepan is very cunning and something tells me that he's preparing
something nasty for you and me. The worst thing in all this is that he will
do it not with his own hands, but through young soldiers, to humiliate us
as painfully as possible. Once he does that, the whole company will be
under his command, and no one will be able to do anything against him
then. And I also want to tell you that he'll probably get Timothy involved
as well, and you know that Timothy is his right-hand man.

- Yeah, Timofey is such a douche bag, he needs to be put in his place.

- So, are you gonna help me with this?

- Of course I will, especially since I have a grudge against Timofey and
I'd like that bitch to know her place.

- Thanks Ivan, I knew you'd help me. But we have to stick together, because
Timofey might do something that we won't even be ready for.

- Don't worry, Yura, together we'll crush this bastard.

They shook hands and went to the formation. Stepan was sleeping with me at
that time, so Timofey was giving out outfits to all the guys in the
company. Ivan went to the motor pool and prepared the car for departure,
and he sent the young soldiers to the construction of the facility, which
will be later under the ammunition depot. He put Yura in charge over them,
and Ivan looked at Yura and shrugged, making it clear that there was
nothing he could do in this situation. Yura took the young soldiers and
went with them to the facility. The soldiers were given clear instructions
from Timofey that they were to provoke Yura and put up a fight, calling him
names about being a faggot and sucking Fedi's dick.

Yura sat on the sidelines and watched them work. At first everything was
going well, but then the soldiers sat down to smoke and didn't want to get
up anymore and started ignoring Yura.

- So, the young men, quickly got up and started working.

- Who are you to tell us what to do?

- Have you eaten too many pancakes or lost your sense of smell? Let's get
up and get to work.

- Boys, who's that yapping there, do you know?

The young soldiers laughed, but Yura was getting more and more mad.

- Are you out of your fucking mind? What did I tell you? What do you have
to do?

- Who the fuck are you to tell us what to do?

Yura went up to this soldier and told him:

- "Do I punch you in the face now or will you get up and start working?

The young soldier stood up, looked at Yura and turned to his draft and
said:

- Guys, did you hear that this stooge sucked Fedi's dick?

Yura was just giddy after that and jumped on him, but all the guys quickly
got up and jumped on Yura. A fight started and Yura was beaten everywhere
and they got him on the ground and beat him as long as he could move. When
he stopped resisting, they stopped beating him and the guys stood in a
circle, took their dicks out of their pants and started pissing on him.

- What, faggot, you like that, don't you? You liked to suck Fedi's dick,
didn't you? Did he fuck you in the ass too? You're a rear-wheel drive
bitch, you're probably hungry for cock, so we'll feed you, huh, boys?

And again, they laughed very loudly and at that time Timofey came and
looked at Yura, who was lying on the ground all pissed and said to him:

- "How are you feeling faggot? You're going to have a great night tonight,
right guys? You're gonna do a good job on this faggot, right?

- We'll make sure he's well served, said the guys and laughed very loudly
again.

- I didn't doubt you, now let's all get to work and have everything done by
tonight. Then you have a rest and at night this faggot should be well
fucked, that's your task today. And you faggot, too, let's start working
with them, and in the evening, you'll wash your clothes.

Timofey left and the guys began to mock Yura and whenever they wanted to
piss, they put him on his knees and pissed on him. Yura's clothes were wet
from the soldiers' urine, the urine just ran from his clothes and he stank
so badly that none of the young soldiers wanted to work with him and Yura
worked by himself. Before the end of the work, the soldiers pissed on Yura
again and went to the barracks, and Yura took off all his clothes, twisted
them so that at least urine did not run off his clothes and went to the
barracks. They didn't want to let him in the barracks, so he stood in the
street and all the soldiers who passed by him realized that he was another
faggot. Stepan went outside and looking at Yura said:

- And was it worth it for you to fuck yourself up to become famous like
that? Now you're an official faggot and everyone knows it, and this way
only I would have fucked you. Strip naked and only after that you can come
in and go straight to the washbasin, you can wash your clothes there.

Yura had no other choice but to do what Stepan said and he stripped naked,
took his clothes in his hands and went naked through the whole company to
the washbasin and there he washed his clothes. Stepan humiliated him, for
that humiliation Yura did not want to accept and recognize Stepan as his
master. After dinner, when I had to go to the stoker, Stepan called me and
made a statement in the company in front of everyone that nobody touched me
anymore without Stepan's permission, and Yura would be initiated as a
faggot today by the young soldiers and now Yura would be in my place and I
would always belong to Stepan. I didn't expect this from Stepan, but I was
madly happy about this turn of events. Now I could sleep and work in peace,
and no one would touch me, although the status of faggot remained with
me. I went to the stoker, and Misha was just by himself, and I told him
this news.

- I don't know what happened to Stepan, of course, but I'm happy for you
that at least you'll spend the last months of your service in peace.

Stasik came to the stoker's room and walked past me without saying anything
to me.

- You know Kolya, though I was ready to kill Stepan, but his behavior
today, I admire that he can hold the whole company in his hands and his
word has authority.

- I think it was because I told the doctor that as soon as I finished my
service, I would sue them.

- That's a powerful thing to say, It's long overdue.

- I don't know, Misha, but it came to me at that moment, so I said it.

Misha and I talked for a few more minutes and he left, and I stayed. Stasik
didn't touch me, and I didn't bother him. We took turns with him, and at 2
a.m. Stepan came in.

Stepan kicked Stasik out of the room and told him to stay in the stoker
room, and Stepan and I stayed in the room. Stepan undressed and lay on the
bed and showed me to suck his cock. I stripped naked and lowered myself in
front of him and took his cock in my mouth and started sucking it. Stepan's
cock rose quickly and he drove it full length into my throat. I had already
gotten used to the length of his cock and learned to hold my breath, but
Stepan didn't last long, and he started cumming right down my throat. When
his orgasm subsided, he told me to call Stasik and when Stasik came, he
told him that today until morning he would be on duty, as I would stay with
Stepan. Stasik left the room, and I closed the door, stripped naked and lay
down next to Stepan. Stepan put his arms around me, and we fell asleep. It
was like a fairy tale for me, that everything finally ended well. I was
really shocked and could neither understand nor explain the reason for
Stepan's behavior. In the morning Stepan pushed me and told me not to
forget my duties. I quickly reached down and took his cock in my
mouth. Stepan pissed in my mouth and pushed me off the bed.

- You faggots need to be kept in check all the time, or you quickly forget
who you are and what you live for. Now let's go to the barracks and see how
the new faggot who replaced you lives there, and by the way, you can thank
him.

I looked at Stepan, as I could not understand the real reason for his
attitude towards me and he probably understood my look and answered:

- Are you a faggot, can't you understand why I treat you differently? It's
so simple, Yura didn't want to recognize me as his master, that's all, and
what did you think?

I kept silent because I was afraid to tell him that he was afraid that I
would sue him and the doctor.

- Why don't you say something? I won't touch you.

- I thought, I began to stammer, that this happened because I said I would
sue you.

- Yeah, you stupid faggot. I told you that it wasn't us that messed you up,
but you were already a faggot when you came to the army and so you can
forget about it.

- Let's go to the barracks and look at the new faggot who replaced you, and
by the way, he got fucked so well by the young soldiers in the barracks
yesterday that his asshole is probably inside out.

We went into the barracks, and Stepan shouted:

- "Hey, asshole, get out from under the bed.

Yura crawled out from under the bed. It was scary to look at him. Naked,
beaten, swollen from crying, dirty, he looked at Stepan with pleading eyes,
but Stepan was so impenetrable that it was hard to tell from his face what
emotions filled him.

- Turn your ass to us and show us your asshole.

Yura turned his ass around and spread his buns apart. His asshole was so
busted and twisted outward that it told us he had probably been fucked all
night. Stepan ran his hand over his asshole and asked:

- Are you feeling okay now? In this condition, is it easier for you to come
to terms now?

- Forgive me comrade sergeant, I promise that I will do everything for you,
whatever you say, just don't give me to young soldiers anymore.

Yura begged Stepan and kneeling in front of him, bent down at his feet and
began to kiss his boots.

- You see faggot, he turned to me, how quickly his knees bent in front of
me, and built himself so tough and unruly that I had to teach him a lesson
yesterday. Get up, asshole, Stepan turned to Yura. For a couple of days no
one will fuck you in the ass, but you will suck dicks, because guys have a
big problem with it and you will take this load off him and soon you will
have a helper to make it easier for you. Now, you will work in the stoker
room instead of Nikolai, and the young guys will check you there, so that
you don't slack off from work, and now get out of my sight, so that I don't
see or hear you.

Yura quickly crawled under the bed and became quiet, and Stepan told me to
find Timofey and call him. I went to look for Timofey, and Stepan lay down
on the bed and rested. After a while Timofey and I came to the barracks,
and Stepan instructed him that the young soldiers should do the same thing
to Ivan that they had done to Yura. Timofey was so happy that he couldn't
hide it and Stepan looked at him and said:

- What, you can't wait to make him a faggot?

- Yes, comrade sergeant.

- Well, get to it, now no one will rise up against us. All our opponents
have been humbled, Ivan is the last one who must experience my power.

Timofey left satisfied, as he had long wanted to deal with Ivan, who had
fucked him in the mouth at work, and Timofey wanted to take revenge on
him. Ivan after last night, when young soldiers were publishing over Yura
and no one said anything to them, realized at once that now it was his turn
and Timofey would not leave him so easily, but would definitely get his way
with Stepan and Ivan was very careful not to fall into such a trap that
Yura had fallen into yesterday. He was preparing his car in the motor pool
and Timofey came up to him and told him to leave his car for a while and go
to the construction of the warehouse, as there were not enough people, and
Stepan said that you should be there too.

Ivan immediately realized what could happen and so he took the knife he
always had and went with Timofey. There were young soldiers working in the
warehouse and Timofey told them that Ivan would work with you and left. The
young soldiers knew why Timofey had sent Ivan and Ivan already understood
why he was here and so he was very careful and attentive. At first
everything went very well, and the soldiers worked well and their
communication was also good-natured, and Ivan began to relax a little,
because you can not be in tension all the time and after lunch, when the
guys ate well and sat down to rest, one soldier asked Ivan:

- Ivan, did you like the way we fucked Yura last night?

Ivan realized that this was the moment where he had to be very careful and
asked the soldier again:

- And how come you and Yura did it that way?

- What are you saying, Ivan, that you didn't know anything about him?

- No, I didn't know that.

- So Yura was Fedya's personal faggot and secretly sucked his dick and
Fedya fucked him in the ass, and you really didn't know anything about him?

- I really don't know about that.

- You're not a hidden faggot, are you Ivan?

- Guys, I don't get it, are you guys getting fucked up?

- It's not us, it's you Ivan, because you're also a hidden faggot like
Yura, but you're sitting with us as if you're not a faggot and you're
spoiling the atmosphere with your breath. Why don't you confess so we won't
use force on you?

- I'm not going to confess to anything, because it's an outrage on your
part and I've never been a faggot and I'm not going to be one.

- Look how our nightingale sang and there was a hint of gayness in his
words, you guys noticed it, didn't you?

The young soldiers got up and began to approach Ivan, who also stood up and
took a knife out of his pocket.

- I'll stab anyone who touches me.

The soldiers were a bit taken aback, but Roma, who was in charge of them,
went and got a rebar and went at Ivan.

- So, the faggot decided to show himself cool, so I'll break all your legs
with this rebar. Come on guys, surround him, let's see who's who.

The guys stood behind Ivan, and Roma came up to him with the rebar.

- Either you kneel down now, or this rebar will help you kneel down.

Ivan realized that he couldn't handle them all, but if he stabbed one of
them, maybe the others wouldn't touch him. Roma came within armature length
of Ivan to stab him in the legs and swung at him and Ivan stepped back a
little and the whistle of the armature passed in front of him without
hitting him, but Roma wasn't going to stop and swung at Ivan again and when
Ivan stepped back again, one soldier fell under Ivan's feet and when the
armature was flying towards him, he wanted to take a step back, but he
tripped over this guy who was standing on all fours behind him and Ivan
fell down and at that moment all the guys attacked him, took the knife out
of his hands and started beating Ivan. Ivan defended himself as much as he
could, but against 10 young soldiers he was powerless and because he was
fighting furiously, he got his face smashed very badly and was kicked a lot
on his body that now he was lying in his blood and the guys did the same
thing to him as they did to Yura. They took their dicks out of their pants
and started pissing on Ivan who was lying on the ground and could not do
anything anymore. They pissed on him and moved away from him. Ivan was
lying on the ground and Zhenya looked at him and asked Roma:

- Roma, is he even alive?

- You've got someone to worry about. He'll lie down, he'll recover, and in
the evening, we'll initiate him as a faggot. Now the two of them will have
fun servicing us.

Ivan started to show signs of life after a while. He got up from the ground
and looked at the soldiers.

- Well, faggot, you come to your senses? It could have been a lot smoother
if you were smarter, and now you're going to Timofey with that cute face,
and he'll tell you what to do, and tonight we'll have fun with you. Get the
fuck out of here or we'll give you a beating.

Ivan slowly walked away and the guys went back to work. Ivan didn't know
where to go now, but he didn't want to go to the barracks looking like
that, plus he was pissed and stinking of urine, so he sneaked to his car,
took a rope from there and headed for the woods, as he couldn't bear to be
humiliated like that. He didn't notice Timofey coming up behind him.

- Where are you going faggot, Timofey told him

Ivan turned around and looked at him and said:

- You're a bitch Timofey; I'll get you for this.

- Don't use loud words, today you will be fucked in the barracks, and you
and Yura will serve us for the rest of your service, so go to the barracks,
wash yourself, wash your clothes and wait for the evening. Timofei took the
rope from Ivan's hands and directed him to the barracks. Ivan had never
experienced such humiliation in his life and now he was walking to the
barracks, and Timofey was walking behind him and the guys looked at Ivan
and realized that they would have one more faggot in their company. Ivan
went straight to the washbasin, washed his clothes, bathed and went naked
to the barracks. Timofey was with him the whole time and when Ivan entered
the barracks, Timofey ordered him to get under the bed and to stay there
until evening. Ivan lay under the bed until evening and when all the
soldiers from our company came back, Timofey ordered Ivan to crawl out from
under the bed and kneel. Ivan was naked, beaten, hungry and on his knees,
humiliated and tonight would be his total humiliation as he would be fucked
in the mouth and in the ass and Timofey was so happy about it that he
couldn't wait until lights out when the most important event for him would
begin. Timofey ordered a young soldier to bring Ivan some food and after
lights out, when the officers had gone home, Ivan's initiation as a faggot
began. He was fucked by all the young soldiers in the mouth and in the
ass. Ivan cried out in pain, but it spurred them on, and they abused him
for a long time until he just couldn't scream or cry anymore. They pushed
him like a sack under the bed, and he lay there until morning and now
Ivan's life changed dramatically, they together with Yura served the
soldiers and no one said anything bad to Stepan, because it was much more
important to every soldier, when you can fuck someone and get a good sexual
release. Stepan completely took over the power in his company and no one
spoke against him. He had me as his personal faggot, and only he fucked
me. Ivan had accepted his status and now it was not so painful for him. He
and Yura serviced the guys every night and they were allowed to sleep
during the day. They did nothing else and their main task was to serve the
guys well and, in our company, everyone got used to it and it was already a
norm of life that no one saw any problem in it. My life started to get
better and Stepan allowed me to be a driver instead of Ivan and I started
driving again and I was so happy that I wanted to do anything for Stepan
that he ordered me to do. Stepan treated me like his girlfriend, he fucked
me every day, I serviced him in the morning when he wanted to piss, I slept
always with him and washed his clothes. Stepan was on good account with the
company commander, and he allowed him a lot and on some of his actions,
just turned a blind eye, because he wanted his company to be in order, and
Stepan did it. None of the soldiers did not argue with Stepan, because
everyone was afraid of him and knew that he could do the lawlessness and
then, such a soldier was beaten and fucked in the ass and he became another
faggot in the company, and none of the soldiers did not want that and so
they kept silent and allowed Stepan to do such things in the company.

Summer came and I had 4 months left till the end of demobilization. Misha
wanted me to go with him after the end of my service, but I wanted to visit
Ghena, because when he was discharged, he gave me his address and asked me
to come to his house. The doctor kept injecting me with hormones as Stepan
wanted me to and my body was very much like a girl's body as I had lost
hair on my legs and chest. My nipples became more like the breasts of a
very young girl and my ass was getting a more feminine look. All the guys
looked at me with lust, but knowing that I belonged to Stepan, they did not
touch me. Life in our company became stable and Timofey was in charge of
everything with Stepan's suggestion, and Timofey chose Zhenya for himself
and made him his faggot too.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Sat, 8 Mar 2025 13:30:47 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 16 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between guys.
Ideas and suggestions also welcome.

You can email: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

My dear readers, I ask you to forgive me for being a little late in writing
chapters, because I have three projects that I need to do and so I can't
create chapters of my story so quickly, but I will try to write for you,
even a little bit at a time. I hope for your understanding and wish you all
the best.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run.

Please consider making a donation to Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

16 part

The grandfathers were sitting in the wardroom drinking. Their time in the
army was over, and tomorrow they would get their papers and go home. Fedya
took Stepan and Yura with him to the wardroom and told Stepan that Yura
would now be your slave for the rest of his service, and in order for Yura
to quickly get into his duties to Stepan, Fedya ordered Yura to kneel down
in front of Stepan and suck his cock. Yura realized that such an act on
Fedya's part was possible and he was most afraid of it, when Fedya, in the
presence of the other guys, would do such a thing to him and the moment he
was afraid of had arrived. He knew that it was better to put up with it and
do what Fedya told him, but realizing that he was now becoming a
grandfather, and Stepan only a bailer and should be subordinate to him, he
was in no hurry to kneel before Stepan. Fedya called Yura to him and
seating him on his knees said to him as follows:

- My girl, you don't want to fulfill my last request and do what I'm
telling you and you're in a position of disobedience, although everyone
here knows your position, that you're a cocksucker and a faggot and you'll
have to obey Stepan anyway and that's why I'm telling you once again to do
it voluntarily, because I'll leave tomorrow and Stepan will be in charge
and what will you do if he wants to fuck you among the guys and let you go
around?

Yura understood the importance of what Fedya was saying, but he couldn't
accept the fact that the bailer would command him and so Yura told Fedya
that he wouldn't suck Stepan's cock and if necessary, he would fight with
Stepan, and then it would be seen who would be stronger.

- Well, as you said, so it will be, I will not tell you anything else, I
will just leave tomorrow, but Stepan, he is a sergeant in the company and
you will have to obey him and your disobedience today will lead to the fact
that you will suffer very much from it, Fedya said to Yura and pulled him
down from his knees.

- I'm telling you for the last time, will you suck Stepan's cock?

- No, I won't, answered Yura and stepped aside.

- Well then you can go, we don't need you here anymore, Fedya said and Yura
left the wardroom and went to the barracks and lay down on his bed and
began to think.

He needed support and he could find it in Ivan, so he had to talk it over
with Ivan and get his support, and since Ivan was asleep now, Yura decided
to postpone the matter until tomorrow and find out for himself tomorrow how
they would deal with Stepan and his sycophants. The grandfathers continued
to drink and as if everybody forgot about this incident, except Stepan, but
he pretended that he was not interested in it and continued to drink with
the grandfathers. By three o'clock in the morning the grandfathers went to
bed drunk, and Stepan decided to go to the stoker's room and see how Stasik
and I were doing. He was very angry at Yura's prank and didn't want to
leave the incident like that. While he was going to the stoker he was
making his plans and he wanted to publicly lower Yura so that the young
guys who had just arrived on duty would fuck Yura in all his slits and
break his proud neck and make him like me and even Stepan decided that I
should piss on Yura and that would make him even lower than me and then no
one would be able to resist Stepan's authority and he would be the main
star in the company and his orders would be obeyed not only by the young
guys but also by the grandfathers.

I was sitting in the stoker; Stasik was asleep in the room and then there
was a sharp knock on the door that I jumped from surprise. I didn't know
who it could be, and since I was naked, I had to get dressed quickly, and
when I wanted to do that, I heard Stepan's voice and quickly ran up and
opened the door for him. He looked at me with his evil look, pushed me away
from the door and not seeing Stasik, he asked where the bastard was?

- He is resting in his room, I answered him.

Stepan went into the room and threw Stasik, who was peacefully sleeping,
off the bed. Stasik was in shock and did not immediately realize what was
going on here, and when he began to realize who was standing in front of
him, he realized and told Stepan that he had done what they had ordered him
to do.

- Did you even shit in his mouth?

- Not only shit in his mouth, but he ate it all.

- Hey, asshole, come here, Stepan said to me, and I went over to him and
knelt down in front of him.

- Did you eat Stasik's shit?

 - Yes sir, I ate his shit.

- And how do you like the taste of his shit?

- It's good to eat, I answered, because I knew he wouldn't accept any other
answer.

Stepan started kicking me out of the blue and when I was lying at his feet
and crying from the pain he had inflicted on me, Stepan told Stasik to lift
me up and hold me steady. Stasik lifted me up and held me up, and Stepan
started hitting me now with his hands on my stomach and while I was still
able to hold on, I was getting blows from him and Stepan was taking out his
anger against Yura on me and when he felt a little better, he stopped
hitting me, but he made me stand up and spread my buttocks apart and when I
did that Stepan told Stasik to lick my asshole because he was going to fuck
me and Stasik knelt down and licked my asshole. Stepan was working his cock
and when it was hard he pushed Stasik away from me and came behind me and
put his cock in my ass and started fucking me hard and I was screaming
under him.

- Shut his mouth, Stepan told Stasik, and he took some rag and put it in my
mouth.

To Stepan I was nothing, just an object to fulfill his needs and it didn't
matter what they were. Now he needed to unload from the humiliation of
Yura, who didn't want to bow to him and I was like a puppet of his emotions
taking his anger into myself, and Stepan was fucking me viciously and
roughly and when it was time for him to unload, he was cumming in me with
such a high that even I felt it on me. His thick and long cock was
throbbing in my ass and cum was pouring out of it and his hands were
holding my hair tightly and pulling my head back hard and by this action he
was showing me who was the master here and I was obeying him and doing
everything Stepan wanted me to do. After cumming in my ass and pulling his
dick out of it, he turned me to face him and I started licking his cock and
when Stepan thought his cock was clean, he started hitting me again and
calling me names.

- You cum faggot, how I hate you and he beat me so badly that I sat under
the bunk beaten and scared that I was afraid to even look at him.

- Listen to me faggot carefully, when I tell you to piss on Yura, you must
do it without delay and maybe even shit on him. Is that clear to you?

- Yes sir, I understand.

- If there's any delay on your part, what I wanted to do to Yura, I'll do
to you and I won't have any pity for you this time.

Now serve my legs, I'm very tired.

Stepan lay down on the bed, and I took off his boots and began to lick his
feet and Stepan calmed down and began to fall asleep. He slept for a long
time, and since he was drunk, he snored heavily, and I did not know what to
do in this situation, but I stopped licking his feet and sat on the floor
next to him and did not notice how I fell asleep. I woke up to Stepan
yelling loudly that he wanted to go to the bathroom and I jumped up,
quickly unzipped his pants, pulled out his cock and took it in my
mouth. Stepan released his brakes and his piss flowed into my mouth.

- Fuck it feels so good to piss in your mouth faggot, you have no idea how
blissful it makes me feel. Morning piss is so disgusting and you faggot
drink it and don't give me your contempt for it. You're really fucked up,
but I like it and a lot of other things Stepan said to me.

When he finished pissing in my mouth, he turned over on the other side and
went to sleep, and I went to get dressed, because my shift was over and
Misha came and replaced me and Stasik. After we had washed and eaten, we
came to the barracks, and the grandfathers collected their things and went
to the checkpoint. There was no one else in the barracks, and I went to bed
naked as usual and as I was very tired, I quickly passed out. I didn't
dream about anything, but after a while I felt something going into my ass
and it hurt so much that I woke up and the first thing I realized was
someone's drunken breath and the smell was so bad that I wanted to throw
up. This guy's cock was entering my asshole and his hands were wrapped
around me and holding me tight so I couldn't pull out anywhere. I realized
that Stepan was lying with me and wanted to fuck me, so I stopped twitching
and didn't even try to get out of his embrace. Stepan pushed his cock into
me and until it entered me completely, he didn't think to stop and only
after that, when his cock entered me completely, he started to move in me,
but it was somehow soft, which didn't fit his character. I thought I was
wrong but I heard his voice and there was something unfamiliar in that
voice, it lacked the rudeness and vulgarity with which he usually spoke to
me.

- Does it feel good, faggot?

- Yes, master, it pleases me.

- Do you like the way I treat you?

- Yes master, you're very gentle with me.

- Remember faggot, you will do what I tell you to do, you will always be
bathed in my tenderness, but if you disobey me, I will never be gentle with
you.

Stepan's cock was gently walking in my ass and even though his cock was
long and thick, it didn't hurt me as much as he did that night and I
started moaning under him because of his tenderness and it seemed to please
Stepan and he started kissing my neck and I just melted and promised him
that I would do anything for him. Stepan fucked me not for a long time, and
since he was drunk, he started to fall asleep and hugged me and fell asleep
with me in his arms and his cock was in my ass. We slept with him until
lunchtime and we were woken up by Timofey and looking at us said the
following to Stepan:

- Stjepa, did you sleep with that faggot in your arms? He should be
destroyed, and you're hugging him.

- Listen, you loser, are you going to condemn my actions?

- Of course not, but I would never allow myself to sleep with him like
that.

- Timothy, listen to me, you feel good now because I brought you closer to
me, but if I want to put you down, what will you say to me then, huh? I
fell asleep with him, but that's only because I was drunk and out of
control, and you're accusing me of something. You want me to humiliate you
in public?

- Stepan, I was only joking, Timofey started to deny it.

- And I'm not joking and I can make you suck my cock right now, or do you
think you can contradict me?

- Stjepa, I'm sorry, I didn't think.

- So next time think about what you say and to whom. And you faggot,
quickly serve me, because I need to go to the toilet.

I got off the bed, knelt down in front of Stepan and took his dick in my
mouth, and Stepan started pissing in my mouth, and I swallowed his piss and
kept looking into his eyes.

- Timofey, if you reproach me again, I guarantee you that I will put you
down with the hands of young guys and they will fuck you right here in the
barracks and no one will stand on your defense, is that fucking clear to
you?

 - I get it, Stjepa.

- I'm not Stjepa, but comrade sergeant, and I want you to always address me
like that. Now, how will you address me again?

- I'll address you, Comrade Sergeant.

- All right, now go to the canteen and bring me and this faggot some food,
and quickly, one foot here, the other there.

Timofey froze on the spot and did not immediately understand what he and
Stepan were talking about and what Stepan said to him, Stepan had to look
very strictly at Timofey to make him understand the importance of what
Stepan had said and Timofey went to the canteen to get food for us. We were
alone and Stepan looked at me and I realized that he was still drunk,
although he was starting to come around and was more like he was before.

- So, you faggot want to sue me and the doctor after the army?

I kept silent, because I wanted to do it, and it made no sense to tell
Stepan now.

- Well, why are you silent, I told you, if you listen to me and follow my
orders quickly, I will try to be a little better to you than I usually am
to you.

- Yeah, I told the doctor that because he was driving me crazy with his
stupid questions.

- Did you know I could just smash you into the wall?

- I do.

- So why the fuck do you fuck around and make yourself miserable like we
made you a faggot? You came into the army already a faggot, right?

- Yeah, I was already a faggot when I joined the army.

- So, what are you gonna complain about, I'm just wondering what part of
you we fucked up?

- You took away my balls and my cock and now I just have a little pee spout
and a woman's cunt.

- Don't you love the fact that you can be recognized as a woman and will be
fucked not only in the ass but in the cunt as well. You've just become
petty and by the way, you've given up female hormones for nothing, you
should take them again and then you'll look very attractive.

At that time Timofey came and brought us food. Stepan and I ate and Timofey
told Stepan that the doctor wanted to see him.

- So, faggot you are coming with me and from today you will take female
hormones again.

- You Timofey's task is to set up such conditions for Yura that he can be
fucked for it in the barracks, and that young soldiers will do it. Turn
them against Yura and tell them what I expect from them and don't be afraid
to do it, as I will be on their side. You can even tell them that he was a
faggot at Fedi's, and I'll give them a task tomorrow, and I'll put him in
charge and let them start telling him who he really is and they'll have a
fight, and then Timofey will see what happens, do you understand what needs
to be done?

- Yes, comrade sergeant.

- That's it, get out of here, I'm fed up with you, and take our dishes to
the dining room, and you faggot come with me.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Sun, 16 Feb 2025 20:46:49 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 15 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome.

You can email: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run.

Please consider making a donation to Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/



I'm in the army 15 part

It was evening and I went on duty to the stoker's room. On the way Stasik
met me and grabbed my ass and I cried out.

- Your ass is going to be happy with my dick today, and I want you so badly
that everything in my underpants is already wet, you can touch me and
check.

I put my hand on Stasik's crotch and indeed his cock was stiff and
releasing pre-ejaculate.

- I can't help thinking about you and how good you suck my dick, and when I
fuck you in the ass, it just makes me want to have your ass at my disposal
for 24 hours.

What could I say to him? Nothing, because I was given by Stepan into the
hands of these guys and they really could fuck me for 24 hours and so I
silently walked beside him and realized that now we would go into the
stoker's room, Stasik would close the door and my ass would be spinning on
his cock. I forgot about my main tormentor and when Stasik and I went into
the stoker, Stepan was already there giving Misha instructions. Misha
looked very bad and I thought at first that he was sick, but when Stepan
was leaving he told Misha again that he would fuck him in the ass as much
as he wanted and now, I understood why Misha looked so bad, Stepan had
fucked him in the ass and now it was hurting him.

- I'll come in the night and see how you work here, Stepan told us and he
and Misha left the stoker and Stasik closed the door behind them and we
were alone and I stripped naked and Stasik came to me and I just knelt down
in front of him.

- Don't be in a hurry faggot, Stasik said to me when I wanted to unzip his
pants and get his cock out of his pants. I want you to get a good sniff of
my crotch and get in touch with my sexuality and serve me to the best of
your ability.

I started sniffing his crotch thoroughly, and Stasik grabbed me by the hair
and started driving my head around his household and his bulging cock,
through his pants, was in my face, and I could smell his arousal and the
smell of his cum, plus his piss, which was on his underpants, and the best
part was that I liked it, and I enjoyed doing it for him. I even started
licking his pants where his cock was and taking it in my mouth through his
pants and it turned us both on and I could see Stasik moaning from my touch
and he grabbed my head and started fucking me through his pants and yelling
at me that I was a faggot and then he unzipped his pants and his hard cock
hit me in the face.

- Come on suck my dick, you cum faggot, and I opened my mouth and Stasik's
cock entered it and that hot hard cock I started sucking.

Stasik was panting from such arousal and pushing my head all the way down
on his cock, started cumming down my throat and yelling at me again. He
didn't even let me taste his cum, as he completely poured it down my throat
and pressed my head to his groin and stopped and came to himself after such
a violent orgasm, and I started to gasp from lack of oxygen and my hands
began to push his body away from me, but Stasik held me tightly by the hair
and didn't let me go. The desire to live was stronger than anything else in
the world and my actions with my hands intensified and Stasik looked down
at my pathetic actions to get a breath of air and smiled at my helplessness
and then let me go. I fell to the floor and started breathing frantically
to restore the lack of oxygen in my body and Stasik sat on the bed and
watched me. When my breathing returned to normal, he showed me his finger
on his cock and I crawled over to him and started sucking him again. I
sucked for a long time and Stasik's dick got hard again and now he put me
on my ass and after lubricating my asshole he put his dick in it and
started fucking me. Stasik is not Stepan who used to mock me and his cock
is much smaller, not horse like Stepan's and in addition thick and I
started to moan under his cock and Stasik always took it as a good sign
that he was fucking me right and it made me feel very good. After 20
minutes he cummed in my ass and when he pulled his cock out of my ass, I
got down in front of his cock and started cleaning it out with my mouth and
when I did that, Stasik got dressed and left me alone, telling me not to
get dressed and to wait for Timofey. It was still about half an hour before
lights out and I rested on the bed and Stasik didn't touch me. After 10
p.m. Timofey came in and looked at me and asked:

- Did Stasik fuck you already?

- Yes, he did.

- So, is your ass ready for me to put my hand in it?

- Why don't we not do that, Timofey?

- What are you, a faggot, telling me what I can and can't do with you?

- No, I wasn't going to do that.

- Then shut your mouth and do what I tell you.

Timofey sat down on the bed and beckoned me over to him. I walked over to
him and he told me to lay on his legs with my belly so that my ass would be
on top and Timofey would have free access to it. I lay on his legs and my
ass was available and Timofey started stroking it and spread my buns and
looked at my asshole, which had recently taken Stasik's cock inside it.

- You have a nice ass and your asshole is well smashed, so without
difficulty my hand will enter you and you can not be afraid, I will not do
it harshly, but today I will put my hand in your asshole.

I was getting scared that Timofey wanted to put his hand inside her. Only
Gena had done it once and I was so sore from the pain, and Timofey had a
big hand and my heart was beating hard from the pain I would have to endure
today.

- Hey Stasik, come here, Timofey shouted and Stasik came into the room.

- Did you fuck that faggot good?

- I think so, he even moaned under me.

- Okay, that's good, now bring me some lube, I want to widen our faggot's
asshole.

Stasik went out to get the lube, and Timofey slapped his hand very
painfully on my ass and spread my buns apart. Stasik brought the lube and
Timofey lubed my asshole and his hand and began the invasion process. He
really took his time and his fingers did their job in my asshole and each
time he pushed his fingers deeper into me and stretched my asshole. When I
was in pain, Timofey would leave his fingers in me and wait for me to get
used to the pain and then he would continue to put his hand inside me
again. All his fingers were already inside me and Timofey was now trying to
put his hand inside me, but I was really hurting and I asked him to stop,
but Timofey wouldn't listen to me and gave me a little rest and put his
hand inside me again. I don't know how long it took, but I was sweating
from the pain and my heart was beating hard and tears were streaming from
my eyes, so Timofey stopped sticking his hand in for a while and gave me a
little rest so I could catch my breath.

- Tell me faggot, did you think about my suggestion that I shit in your
mouth?

- Forgive me Timofey, but I really didn't have time for that, I lied to
him, because I had thought about it and dreamed about it and somewhere deep
down, I wanted to try this fetish, but realizing that after that Timofey
could permanently make it a part of me, I didn't dare to do it.

- What, in fact, is holding you back? You suck dicks after ass fucking, and
it's not always clean and you lick and swallow shit and you don't

die from it?

- I'm afraid to try it because it can make me throw up and it stinks a lot.

- Let's try it a little so you can decide if you like it?

- Please Timofey, don't make me do it, I'll do anything for you, but not
this.

- That's what I need and you should try it. By the way, let's go to the
toilet, I just want to shit, and you will look at it in more detail.

I reluctantly followed Timofey and we went into the toilet. he took off his
pants and squatted down to shit and told me to sit behind him and watch his
shit come out of his ass. I went behind him and squatted down too and
Timofey ass was so great I wanted to touch it so I put my hands on it and
stroked it.

- Fuck, that feels so good, he said to me, you can keep stroking my ass
while I shit.

I stroked his ass and Timofey started farting before his first poop started
coming out of him.

- Put your hand under my ass and take my poop, Timofey told me.

I hesitated and in a more commanding voice he ordered me to put my hands
under his ass and as I started to put my hand under him, his first poop
fell into my hand and before I knew it, Timofey tensed up and his shit
quickly started coming out of him and filling my hands. My hands were full
of his shit and Timofey stood up and moved his asshole to my face and
ordered me to lick it. I had his shit in my hands and his asshole was dirty
too and Timofey didn't even think to wipe himself as my tongue should do
it, so I stuck my tongue out and licked his asshole a little. The taste of
his shit immediately filled my mouth and it was bitter, tart and stinky. I
even wanted to spit it out, but Timofey told me to swallow what I licked
and I did. I thought I was going to start vomiting, but none of that
happened, it was just squeamishness from licking the shit.

- So, the faggot didn't die from licking my asshole?

- No, I didn't die, but I still feel bad about it.

- Well, you should lick my asshole completely then and we will then decide
what to do in this situation. Timofey's asshole was next to my face and I
licked it again and then her and when I licked his leftover shit off his
ass, Timofey pulled away from me and looked at my hands that had his shit
in them.

- Now bring my shit up to your face and start sniffing it.

I was slow to do so and Timofey slapped my hands sharply and my hands along
with his shit hit my face and his shit smeared on my face. I was shocked by
this, but Timofey told me that if I had not hesitated, I would have just
smelled it, but now it is on your face and you will sit in the toilet with
all this and sniff until you get used to this stinking smell and went out
of the toilet and closed the front door so that I could not get out of
there. I sat in that position for over an hour and the shit started to dry
on my face and my hands. I wanted to tear Timofey apart with anger, but I
knew I couldn't do anything to him, so I had no choice but to wait for him
to come back and let me wash up. Timofey came back and looked at me and
said:

- Have you licked my shit off your hands yet? I gave you so much time to
realize that you are not going to bathe today and you have to lick my shit
off with your tongue. You still have time till morning, so go ahead and
start and if in an hour your hands are still in my shit you will regret it
and left the toilet and closed the door again.

I couldn't believe Timofey would do this to me and I couldn't decide to
start licking his shit off my hands, but the more I procrastinated the more
his shit dried on me and pulled my skin and I wanted to scratch it and when
I did, I smeared it on my face even more. Tears couldn't help it, so I
started trying to lick the shit off my hands. It was disgusting and I threw
up a few times, but the time was getting closer to Timofey's arrival and I
decided to lick Timofey's shit off my hands and I did it and started on my
face. It was harder as I had to first collect it in my hand and then lick
it off my hand and it took me longer and when Timofey came into the toilet
and saw that I was almost done he smiled at me and told me to go to the
shower and get cleaned up as he wasn't done with my ass yet. I went to the
shower and took a long time to wash off the shit so I wouldn't stink and
when I got to the room Timofey was sitting on the bed and ordered me to
take the same position so he could work my asshole freely again. I lay
belly down on his lap and Timofey lubed my asshole and his hand again and
continued to stretch my point. His hand started to go more into my asshole,
but the pain was intense and Timofey slid half of his hand into me and
stopped for a while so that my skin could keep up with the stretching from
his hand and not tear my hole. Timofey was pleased with today's result, for
he had gotten me to start eating his shit and to get his hand into my
asshole. There was still an hour and a half left before we got up, and
Stepan came to the stoker's room to find out how things were going.

- What have you got here Timofey, what did you get out of that faggot?

- Ohhh, even better than I expected. He ate my shit and there's still some
work left to do on his asshole and my hand will be in his asshole and I
want to keep working on his asshole so everyone knows that it's a faggot's
asshole that can accommodate any dick.

- What are you planning for Zhenya?

- I think you can make a faggot out of him too, since he kissed him.

- And how do you plan to do it?

- I think at night in the barracks, so the guys will know for him and I
also have unfinished business with Ivan and I want to put him down too, but
it has to be done somewhere on the side, and then we can also fuck him in
the barracks in the presence of the guys and then the whole company will be
in our hands and no one will dare to oppose us.

- Not bad, not bad, repeated Stepan and once again looked at me and spat in
my face.

- When you are done with him, I want to fuck him, and with Zhenya you can
start whenever you want, but wait with Ivan, I have to think of an excuse
to do it, and Stepan left after that, and Timofey continued to invade my
ass with his hand. It was six o'clock in the morning when his hand entered
my ass. The pain is unbelievable and Timofey is still picking inside me. My
tears won't stop and I feel like I've been put on Timofey's arm and I can't
get rid of it. Timofey pulled his hand out a couple times and put it inside
me again and said happily:

- Well faggot now your asshole will be constantly exposed to the invasion
of my hand and Stepan will fuck you with his huge and thick cock and it
will not be enough for you and we will think of a way to fill your empty
asshole, but for now go wash up and you can go to the barracks to rest and
if Stepan wants to fuck you here I can't help you.

I got up and slowly walked to the shower. My butt hurt and I didn't even
know how I was going to get to the barracks. I had a hard time washing up,
getting dressed and walking. I was very tired and broken and when I went
into the barracks, the guys, seeing how I was walking, laughed at me and
said, well faggot, today you were well fucked and your ass probably took a
lot of cocks. I was hurting from the physical pain, but I was also hurting
mentally, because no one thought to stand up for me, and Ivan just walked
past me and didn't even look at me, and for some reason I really wanted
Timofey to fuck him and put him down in front of the guys in the barracks,
so he could feel the rejection of the guys and the loneliness, that you
can't even talk to anyone and ease your heartache a little bit. I lay down
on my bed and Timofey came in and told me not to be touched, and the guys
went to their work, and I was tired and hungry and just passed out and
slept until evening. In the evening when I woke up, Stepan took me to the
toilet and made me lick the toilet bowl with my tongue and since I didn't
want to do that, he stuck my head in the bowl and held it there until I
started to choke. Then he let me go and I raised my head, wet with water
and breathing heavily, and Stepan again told me to lick the toilet bowl
with my tongue, but I again did not agree and he again put my head in the
toilet bowl and held it there until I began to choke and twitch from
unconsciousness.

- Are you going to fucking lick the toilet bowl with your tongue, he said
to me as he released my head.

- No, I won't, I yelled wildly at him and a deafening blow came over my
head and I fell to the floor.

Stepa put his foot on my face and asked me again:

- Listen faggot, what are you making of yourself, I can just run you over
like a spider and you will do and follow my orders, now quickly lick the
toilet bowl with your tongue.

I looked at him wildly and rebellion was growing in me, but Stepan was
stronger than me, and I just decided that I would not do anything else,
even if he killed me. Stepan hit me hard again and I flew to the corner of
the toilet and something happened in me and I started laughing wildly and
yelling at him and Stepan, seeing my condition thought that I had gone
crazy and left me in the chambers, saying that I was not finished with you
yet. I sat in the corner of the toilet and came to my senses. I remembered
last night when Timofey made me eat his shit and then stuck his hand up my
ass, they were making a zombie out of me and I got so disgusted with
everything that I decided to go and hang myself so that my torment would
end as I was on the verge of an emotional breakdown. I remembered that
there was a rope in the boiler room and so I got up and went to the boiler
room to get the rope and when Misha saw me, he even got scared for me and
asked me what had happened to me? But I did not say anything to him, but
took the rope and went to the exit and then Misha realized that in such a
state I could commit suicide and blocked my way and took the rope from
me. I begged him to give it to me, as I didn't want and couldn't live
anymore and I was fed up with everything, but he persuaded me not to do it
and hugged me and didn't let me go anywhere, and I relaxed and started not
just crying, but roaring. Tears were pouring out of me in rivers, and Misha
didn't stop me, but let me pour out my pain in tears, and I sobbed and told
him what Timofey and Stepan did to me, that they made an animal out of me,
and I cried for a long time while I had strength, and then I just fell on
the floor and fell silent. I realized that I was no longer a human being
and these things had broken me from the inside, and I still had six months
to serve and what they could still do to me and my mind was blurred and I
started laughing wildly and Misha was afraid for me and taking me under his
arms took me to the medical unit. Vasily Ivanovich was just about to go
home, but when he saw me and Misha, who had brought me under his arms, he
asked him what had happened to me and Misha told him everything I had told
him and the doctor gave me an injection and Misha took me to the ward and
went to the dining room to get my supper. The doctor was there when Misha
brought the supper and I had calmed down a little from the injection and
was asked to eat as I didn't want to eat and kept thinking how I was going
to kill myself. After half an hour Stepan came in and the doctor asked him
about my condition and Stepan just said he was crazy. They talked some more
with the doctor and the doctor asked Misha to stay with me for the night so
that I wouldn't do something bad to myself and Misha stayed and the doctor
and Stepan left the medical unit and the doctor locked the door and went
home. Misha and I were left alone and he sat on my bed and hugged me.

- Listen Kolya, I understand that it's very hard for you now and you're on
the verge of a breakdown and you're ready to say goodbye to life, but think
about this, you have six months left to serve and your tortures will come
to an end and you'll be able to live your life as you want, and no one will
plunge into your life.

- Misha I'm already tired of all this and the further I go, the worse and
worse it gets and it seems to me that there is no limit to their abuse and
they invent new kinds of cruelty every time and if I don't put an end to it
now, they will simply destroy me both morally and physically, and in
general, what can you know about it?

- Kolya, don't think that I don't know anything, my brother and I also had
a black streak and if I had known how I should have behaved with him at
that moment, he could have passed this difficult period in his life.

- What happened to him?

- I told you I'd talk to you about it someday and I guess it's time I told
you everything for my brother.

- As you know I found out that my brother was gay and he always liked me
and wanted to have a relationship with me and when it all came out, I
thought it was better to be with my brother and let his need for a
boyfriend be fulfilled with me than for him to look for someone on the side
and get caught and it would be the saddest incident in our family. As time
went by and our sexual relationship grew stronger each time, I was already
comfortable with my brother sucking my cock or when I fucked him in the
ass. I began to notice myself that I started to get jealous of him when he
was with someone else and even though nothing was going on between them, I
still found it uncomfortable. For the most part, my brother gave no reason
for jealousy and we always carried out our sexual desires between us. One
day, when our father wasn't home and wasn't due back until a day later,
Karim and I were in my room having sex. Karim sucked really well and I just
lay there and pampered myself. Karim was licking every millimeter of my
cock and would stop over my head for long periods of time and his tongue
was doing amazing things to my cock. I was on the verge of exploding and
Karim pulled away and just lay on my chest and left my cock to cool down a
bit from the sexual tension and then for me to fuck him. Karim and I talked
a lot always and we had a dream that when we grew up, we would leave our
country somewhere where we wouldn't be persecuted because of our sexual
orientation and we planned with Karim to get married and live as husband
and wife. I was fucking Karim and he was moaning under me and his ass had
already adjusted to the length and thickness of my dick and we had no
discomfort in sex. The time was towards 12 at night and we went to
bed. Karim decided to suck my cock in the early morning while I was
sleeping and pulled the blanket off me and started sucking my cock while I
slept. As he told me later, our bedroom door opened and my father walked in
and saw me sleeping and Karim sucking my dick. He quietly walked over and
grabbed Karim's head and he froze in fright that someone had caught him and
waited for further action and my father got him to his feet and they looked
into each other's eyes. Karim had a terrible fright in his eyes and his
father had rage and anger in his eyes and he slapped Karim's face with his
hand and he fell to the floor. I woke up from such a noise and saw my
father looking at both of us and his eyes spewed lightning bolts that could
have set everything on fire. He told us to get dressed and go down to the
basement where there was a designated room to punish us when we disobeyed
and we got dressed and followed him. He closed the door behind us and told
us to take off our pants and lie down belly down on the bench and that we
should not make a sound. We lay down and knew that he was going to whip our
asses, so my father took the rod and began to whip our asses one by one
with it. The pain was very strong, because he always beat us hard, and he
gave us both a good whipping on our asses, and it hurt for about a week
after the whipping. Karim got his portion for seducing me and sucking my
dick and I for not stopping him from doing it. My father let me go and
talked to Karim very harshly. I couldn't understand my dad when he told the
neighbors who Karim really was in order to shame him and the news quickly
spread among our friends and when we went to school the next day, a lot of
guys knew that Karim was a cocksucker and sucked his brother's dick. The
pressure on Karim was growing constantly from the guys and where I could
protect him, I did, but I couldn't be everywhere at once and when Karim was
in the locker room the guys grabbed him and dragged him to the toilet
ripped off his clothes and started abusing him. Some guys put a dick in his
mouth, others put a dick in his ass and fucked him and this became a
constant action in his life and he often came home in tears and torn
clothes and his father was the least bothered about it, but he added oil to
the fire and said that it would stop him from being a faggot. My father
forbade us to see each other and we could only sneak out when my father was
out of the house or somewhere else to talk a little and I would comfort him
as best I could. The boys from school bullied him and one day he came in
very withdrawn and I saw it, but my father was around and I didn't go near
him, and the morning we found him hanging in his room, and me and my mother
cried a lot and blamed my father for his death, but my father reacted
coldly and said that by this action he removed the shame from our
family. My relationship with my father after my brother's death began to
deteriorate and I hated him more and more, and when I entered college, I
told my mother that I would never come home again and I hated my father and
would never forgive him for my brother's death. My father came to the
college, but I always avoided him and never saw him once. And after the
college I went straight to work and worked until the army. I have no
relations with my father anymore, and he does not try to establish them, so
there was only one mother, who also quickly aged from grief and also lives
in the same house with her father, but they sleep separately and each has
his own room. This is such an unpleasant story happened in our family, and
my father does not see his fault in it, and you tell me that I can not
understand you.

- Why I told you all this, to let you know that I will always be on your
side and will support you, that's why I let Fede fuck me then, to be with
you and support you in word or deed.

I listened to Misha and couldn't believe that his father was such a
shortsighted man and for him his reputation was higher than his son's death
and he was willing to ruin everything to show that he didn't stick by his
family if they could do something wrong. Misha's story calmed me down and I
decided not to lay hands on myself but to get on with my life, especially
as I only had six months of service left and somehow with Misha's help we
would get through and then we would see what to do next. Misha went to bed
with me

and the warmth of his body relaxed me even more and I pressed myself
against him and asked him if he wanted to have sex with me.

- Kolya I want you always, but your condition probably doesn't favor it.

- On the contrary, I want you now, and I know that sex with you will unload
me even more.

- Well see for yourself, because my baby doesn't need much stimulation to
get into a fighting stance, and you and I are also here on our own and no
one is going to stop us from having sex.

I reached down and pulled down Misha's briefs and took his cock in my
mouth. What bliss it is when you suck the dick of your favorite man and no
one forces you to do it. His smell just intoxicated me, and I sucked very
vigorously and tried to swallow his cock all the way down my throat, and
Misha got indescribable delight and at some point, he stopped me, put me on
my stomach, spread my buttocks and began to lick my ass. I just started to
fly away from such bliss and then Misha lay on top of me and his cock
entered my hole and his cock started to stimulate my asshole and I
moaned. Misha held me tightly in his arms and it made me feel even more
blissful that I had someone in my life who loved me and needed me. After
fucking me in this way, Misha got up off me and told me to lie on my back
and he lay on top of me and his cock entered my cunt which was wet from our
sex and Misha started fucking me and kissing me at the same time. I was on
the peak of bliss, because nobody fucked me with love, but only to satisfy
his lust, but with Misha sex was beautiful, and I gave myself to him
completely, and he could fuck me in different ways and as he wanted and it
brought new strength in me and I wanted to live. Misha came hard in me and
stopped, but he did not take his cock out, but kissed me and the warmth
coming from him did its work in my heart that I just whispered, I love you
Misha and hugged him tightly. Hugging, we lay for a long time and sleep
began to overpower us, and we fell asleep like that. In the morning, when I
started to wake up, Misha's cock was resting in my ass and it was so nice
and exciting that I wet my hole and started to get on Misha's cock and when
it entered me completely, I started to move my ass back and forth and
enjoyed the fullness of his cock in me. After a while Misha's hands were on
me and now, he started fucking me and then he put me on my stomach, lay on
top of me, hugged me tightly with his arms and started fucking me fast. It
felt so good that I moaned under him and asked him to fuck me harder and
Misha accelerated his pace and his cock was already flying in my ass and I
started to scream, but Misha didn't stop, but on the contrary, he picked up
the speed and after 5 minutes he cummed in me. He collapsed on top of me
and was breathing heavily. His sweaty and hot body was lying on me and it
felt so good that when Misha wanted to get up from me, I asked him not to,
but he had to go to the bathroom and I offered him to piss in my ass.

- Do you really want me to piss in your ass?

- I just don't want you to get up off me, so it would be better if you
pissed in my ass.

- Mind you, I piss a lot in the morning, can you take it all in?

- You piss in my ass, and then we'll see if I can take it in or not.

Misha thought for a while whether to do it or not, but my desire for him to
lie on me more played its role, and Misha released his brakes, and his piss
flowed into my asshole and began to fill my stomach. It felt good to have
his warm piss filling me and at the same time the heaviness in my stomach,
from having so much of his piss in me, created a certain fullness. Misha
was really pissing a lot into me and I could feel it running through my
colon into my stomach and I closed my eyes from this pleasant feeling and
quietly told Misha that I loved him.

- I love you too Nikolai and I am very good with you that I wanted to offer
you after the army to go home with me and become my wife. Your face is very
feminine and if you put makeup on you, you will not look like a guy, but
more like a girl and you still need to grow your hair, and my parents will
not even realize that you are a guy. And then you and I will go somewhere
and live together, how about it?

- It's a tempting offer, but I have to think about it, although I don't
mind living with you.

We lay there for a long time and I offered Misha to fuck me again, because
I wanted to dissolve in your feelings, so that it would be easier for me to
bear the abuse that Stepan and his henchmen would do to me. Misha started
to move his cock inside me little by little and when his cock was fully
erect, Misha sped up and started fucking me fast. As he fucked me, my
senses stabilized and I was ready to face the new day and what Stepan had
in store for me. Misha was cumming inside me violently and collapsed on top
of me breathing heavily.

- I must have poured all my cum into you as my balls are a little sore from
the emptiness and I need time to recover, Misha told me.

- I guess if you fucked me every day, the recovery process would be much
faster. But realizing that you and I are about to break up again, it won't
be a problem for you.

We lay like that together some more and then Misha said we needed to clean
up because the doctor would be here soon and we got up and went to take a
shower. My stomach was gurgling a lot from the amount of urine that Misha
had poured into me and I went straight to the toilet, squatted down and
started pouting to get the contents of my stomach to pour out into the
toilet. A large amount of urine came out of me and I immediately took a
shit and then went to the shower and washed myself thoroughly. At 8am the
doctor came in and immediately came into our room.

- How are you doing, he asked me.

- Better, I answered.

- Do you need to stay here a little longer, or are you going to the
barracks?

- I'd better go to the barracks, and I have to go to the canteen and eat.

The doctor let us go, and Misha and I went to the canteen, and from there
he went to the stoker's room, and I went to the barracks. There were no
guys in the barracks because they had gone to their facilities, and I was
there alone. I didn't know what to do, so I lay down on my bed and started
thinking about the fact that Misha had offered me to go with him after the
army and live together as husband and wife. I didn't notice how I fell
asleep and I had a dream that I was walking down the street and I saw a
group of guys and they were all naked and some were fucking, others were
sucking dicks, and one guy of small stature was standing aside and I paid
my attention to him. He was about 166cm tall, round face, dark hair, big
round eyes with blue like the sky, his nose started right from his forehead
and didn't have that dimple that a lot of guys have and at the end his
nostrils were wide and nice full lips that you could kiss all day and not
be able to stop. I lowered my gaze to his chest which was well pumped and
against such pumped chest, his nipples looked just great. His chest had no
hair and it started somewhere around his navel and went down to his crotch,
but it wasn't thick there either. His cock looked great against this
background, and its head was covered with skin and it was decently large
when not aroused. His balls were big too and had no hair on them. Maybe he
shaved them or maybe they weren't there by nature, but the sight of this
guy really turned me on, so I walked over to him and my hands went to his
pumping chest. I stroked it and looked into his eyes. I thought that in his
big bluish eyes I would just disappear and get lost, but my hands were
doing their job and now I was stroking his nipples, which were getting hard
from my touch. My arousal was growing and this guy's cock began to increase
in size from my touches and when my hands moved down to his stomach area,
his cock took a fighting stance and looked up. His head was only showing
just a little bit from his skin that covered the rest of him, but what I
saw made me wildly want to reach down in front of him and swallow his cock
all the way down. We looked into each other's eyes and didn't say anything,
but I saw in them a wild passion to fuck me, and he had a smell that made
me want to have sex with him so I knelt down on my knees and opened my
mouth to take his cock and suck it. The taste of his cock amazed me, as
there was a whole bunch of different smells, cum, piss, sweat, sexual wild
excitement and the smell of his ass, which he obviously didn't wash. I
sucked his cock greedily, as if it could be taken from me and never given
to me again. My tongue got under his head and I found old cum underneath it
and it turned me on wildly and I started licking everything that was there
and when I licked his cock I reached down to his balls and took them in my
mouth. I licked and sucked them and bit them a little bit and caused him a
little pain, but I guess this guy liked my playing with his testicles and
didn't stop me and then he turned his back to me and told me to lick his
ass. The smell was strong and I thought how long he hadn't washed his ass
that his ass smelled so bad, but it didn't repulse me or disgust me, on the
contrary I even wanted to lick his ass so that it would be clean from my
tongue and I proceeded to lick it very thoroughly. When I finished with
her, the guy turned to me and looking into my eyes asked:

- Do you want to taste my poop?

- I don't know, maybe I do, maybe I don't.

- Well then lie down on the ground and I'll sit my ass on your face and
we'll try to give you my poop a little at a time so you'll start eating it
and maybe you'll like this fetish too.

I laid down on the ground and this guy sat his ass on my face and told me
to stimulate his point with my tongue. I licked his asshole and waited for
him to start shitting in my face, but he didn't rush to do that, he offered
me to dig my finger in his asshole and lifted it off my face and told me to
put my finger in it. I stuck my finger in his asshole and started picking
at it and felt his poop starting to press against my finger. I smeared it
inside of him and got my finger in his shit and when he told me to get it
out of there, it was really soaked and I started licking it and at that
time his asshole started to open up and his shit came out and he told me to
open my mouth and take his shit and eat it. I opened my mouth and the first
poop fell into it and I started chewing it and he was waiting for me to
swallow it. The interesting thing I noted to myself was that I didn't feel
disgusted and it didn't trigger a gag reflex, although his shit didn't
taste pleasant. When I swallowed it, I opened my mouth again and he shit in
it again, but this time he gave me a lot of his shit and since so much of
it didn't fit in my mouth it was on my face and he got up off me and
watched me handle his shit. I chewed it but I didn't have enough liquid to
swallow it and he realized this and started pissing in my mouth so I could
eat his shit.

- You're a small and disgusting pig. You like to eat my shit and drink my
piss and I will give you plenty of it all that it will be your staple food,
now get up on your knees and I will fuck you in the ass.

I got up and got on all fours and this guy got behind me and sharply drove
his cock into my asshole and from that pain I woke up and saw Stepan above
me yelling at me and swinging his fist over my face he wanted to hit me. I
was terrified at what I saw first and quickly got out of bed and Stepan
told me to follow him. We came to the toilet and Stepan ordered me to put
my head down in the toilet, open my mouth and turn it slightly to the side
so he could comfortably piss in my mouth. I knew that what happened
yesterday would not fly today and his angry face said so, so I put my head
in the toilet, opened my mouth and turned it and saw him unzip his pants
and pull out his big cock. What a beautiful cock he had, especially when he
started pissing on me. He pissed on my face, on my ears, in my nostrils and
in my mouth. He pissed all over my head and when he finished pissing, he
told me to put my head in the toilet and just before I could get some air
into my lungs Stepan pressed the flush button and water poured over my
head. I was soaking wet, and Stepan ordered me to lick the toilet bowl with
my tongue, and if I didn't do it, he would put me on toilet duty for a
month, and I wouldn't even get out of it and let guys piss on me, and I
wouldn't wash for a month and would be like a dirty lousy pig that would
stink a mile away. I didn't argue with him, as I was afraid of him, and
started licking the toilet bowl with my tongue. Stepan got very excited and
told me to get down and take off my pants. I took off my pants and stood
up, but Stepan pushed my head and it was back in the toilet bowl and he
spit on his cock and started driving it into my asshole. After Timofey
broke my asshole and also Misha and I fucked, Stepan's cock went in well
and it didn't hurt me so much and he fucked me like that and it turned him
on a lot when I was in the lowest position, like the last scum of
society. Stepan did not spare me and his cock came out of my asshole
completely and then he drove it completely into me and he called me very
hard and roughly and I under his influence looked at myself as nothing and
my humanity was dying in me and I began to look at myself more and more as
a dirty pig who loves everything dirty and finds happiness in it. I had
already learned to drink urine in large portions and I was no longer
disgusted by it and wanted to drink it when guys pissed in my mouth. I
learned to swallow it quickly without spilling a drop. I licked their asses
that they purposely didn't wipe when they shit and licked their shit, I was
slowly getting used to the taste. I started having more and more dreams
lately about them shitting in my mouth and eating that shit, and I agreed
with Stepan that I was a stinking dirty pig and my place should be only in
the toilet and if it was possible to put a bed for me here, Stepan would do
it. Stepan fucked me for a long time and I was tired of standing in that
position and my legs started to shake and I held on to the toilet with my
hands to keep from falling down, but Stepan didn't even think about
cumming. When he got tired of fucking me, he tensed up and started cumming
in me and when he cummed in my ass, he ordered me to lick the toilet and
make sure it was clean of all the mess and left. While he was gone, I got
the toiletries and quickly cleaned it up and went to the sink and washed
myself after that mess. I went back to the barracks and tired of such
treatment I fell asleep again and nobody touched me till lunchtime, and
after lunchtime I was called by the doctor and I went to the medical unit.

- Tell me, Kolya, what happened to you yesterday, what kind of stress you
were under, as if you had gone mad?

- Vasily Ivanovich, you know very well who gives me a lot of trouble, and
now you're asking me what happened to me? After treating me like this, I
think that anyone can go crazy and I already wanted to end my life and if
it weren't for Misha, I would probably be dead by now.

- Are you saying that Stepan's actions are pushing you towards that?

- If you were constantly humiliated, beaten, pissed in your mouth and
fucked in your ass and I was in your place, then I could ask you how you
feel too.

- How do you talk to me, soldier, and who gave you the right to talk to me
like that?

- If you were an honest man, you could do the right thing with Stepan, who
started this whole mess, but you cover for him, and you talk to him as if
he were your best friend, and the fact that he destroyed me as a human
being doesn't even concern you, but when my term of service is over, I'll
sue all of you to have you locked up for a long time.

- Nikolai, have you lost your fear?

- I haven't lost my fear, because you're always stirring it up in me, but
you probably think that nothing can happen to you, that's why you're doing
lawless things to me and you know very well what Stepan did to me and how I
had my balls beaten off with his permission, that I had to cut them off
along with my dick and that will be my evidence against you.

Vasily Ivanovich became embarrassed after these words and began to behave a
little more quietly with me, but still bent his line to urge me into the
submissive state I had been in before. And while we were talking to him
Stepan came in and asked the doctor what I was doing here?

- We're talking to him, and I'm telling him to be reasonable, and he wants
to sue us after he's done his time for abusing him.

Stepan got so angry that I thought he was going to tear me to shreds right
there on the spot, and he came up to me and looked into my eyes and began
to say:

- So, you faggot I see you are still living well that you have such rotten
thoughts, but I will beat them out of you while you are still on duty and
you will crawl at my place and forget what it is to walk on your own feet
and I will make an animal out of you and then no one will believe you,
because you will be insane.

Stepan grabbed my hair and lifted my head so I could look him in the eye.

- Look me in the eye you bastard. I'm not a doctor who's only going to talk
to you, you've got six months ahead of you and who knows what could happen
in that time. You know that tomorrow is the last day for the grandfathers
and they are leaving the unit and I am taking charge of our company and I
will do anything to destroy you.

I was afraid to look into Stepan's eyes because there was such anger in
them that he could destroy me with just one look and even though he held my
head to look into his eyes, I still looked away and my body was shaking
from his presence. I was like a cornered lamb in his presence, realizing
that I was about to be eaten and thrown in the garbage, and Stepan was
getting more and more furious at my inability to stand up to him and my
fear, which he could smell in my gut.

- You motherfucker, look at yourself, what you've become like. Dirty,
stinking, fucking cowardly, you can't string two words together to say the
right thing and you're threatening to sue me, and you think anyone will
listen to you? Or are you going to take off your pants and show everyone
your cunt instead of the dick a real man should have? You fucking
cocksucker, you've signed your own death warrant and today I'll have to
teach you a lesson so that you won't have any desire to say anything about
me at all, and you'll be happy to leave the service alive and every day
you'll count when your torment will be over.

- Vasily Ivanovich, do you have anything else to say to this faggot?

- No, I have nothing, and I think you'd better explain to him that it's not
good to complain about your company mates, and now the soldier got up and
left here.

I left the medical unit and Stepan stayed with the doctor, and I was
walking and all the way I was thinking what I should do now and how I could
survive in these conditions that Stepan would create for me. Yes, tomorrow
the last grandfathers go home and Stepan becomes a full-fledged sergeant in
our company and he almost everyone who posed a threat to him, pulled under
himself, there was only Ivan, who could resist him, but looking at Ivan, I
doubted him and realized that Ivan would be under Stepan's thumb, because
in his time he did not resist him, but let him rise and kept silent when he
mocked me. I didn't know where to go, because it was too early in the
evening to go to the stoker, and I didn't want to stay in the barracks,
because Stepan could come there and start bullying me again, so I decided
to go to the stoker and, if all was well, to be near Misha and talk to
him. I went to the stoker's room and Misha was there himself, and I told
him all the conversation I had with the doctor and Stepan. Misha was
shocked by this conversation and told me that the doctor's attitude towards
Stepan was interesting and that maybe they had some common interest and it
would be good to know what connected them and we decided to watch them when
they were together and find out their secret.

I stayed in the stoker room with Misha until supper time, and he and I went
to the mess hall. I didn't want to go into the barracks and after the mess
hall I went to the stoker's room again. I thought it would be better to be
in the stoker's room with Stasik than in the barracks with Stepan,
especially since my grandfathers were having a farewell party tonight and I
didn't want to be there at that time.

- Hey faggot, why don't you want to take your grandfathers to their last
journey, you won't see them again, Stasik said to me.

- I'd rather be with you and submit my ass to your cock than be torn by the
grandfathers' dicks.

- That's right, too, because I need to unload too. Let's get undressed,
let's not waste time and Stasik went and closed the door.

I stripped naked and knelt down. Stasik came over to me and pressed my head
against his groin. I enjoyed the smell coming from Stasik, and I liked
Stasik, even though he treated me badly. The outline of his penis in his
crotch was obvious, and I just from one touch to him already wanted to have
sex with him, and I opened my mouth and began to grab his standing penis
through his pants and wanted to put it into my mouth together with his
pants. Stasik from my excitement just closed his eyes and let me do with
his cock whatever I thought necessary, he knew that today we would be alone
and he did not need to hurry anywhere and therefore was in no hurry to let
his cock out of his pants. He was driving me wild with this action and I
even started biting his cock that was in his pants, but Stasik held my head
firmly by the hair and when I made a little more effort to bite his cock,
he pulled my head away from his crotch and we looked into each other's eyes
and he made me open my mouth and spit in it, calling me a cum faggot who
would do anything he was told to do for sucking cock.

- You are all mine tonight and if you want good sex with me, you have to
agree with me that I will do whatever I see fit with you and you have to
fulfill my every whim and then my cock will be down your throat. You want
me to do whatever I want with you?

- Yes Stasik, I want you to do whatever you want with me.

- First of all, I'm not Stasik to you today, but your master and lord, and
that's the only way you should address me. Secondly, I will make you do
terrible things and you must agree with me that you will do it, no matter
what it is and one more thing, you will beg and plead with me to do it to
you and that is the only way we will do it today. Now, you have to agree to
all my terms and give me an affirmative answer.

All this was both horrible and exciting, because I didn't know what Stasik
was capable of and what thoughts he had in his head. How much of a pervert
he is inside of himself, we can only find out when we let go of the levers
of control over our bodies and our desires and let him fulfill them in me
and it thrilled me so much that I gave him my, yes, and let him for today
do to me these terrible things that perhaps he had wanted for a long time.

- I agree with you my lord that you can do to me what you see fit for me
and that you have wanted to fulfill it in me for a long time.

- Well, since you and I have come to a common decision about you and you
have no other objections, you should start worshiping my feet and express
your respect for me as your master and Stasik sat down on the bed, and I
crawled up to him and started kissing and licking his feet.

- Tell me faggot, do you like me?

- Yes sir, I like you and I'm ready to serve you and do whatever you tell
me to do.

- And who would you choose as your master?

 I looked at Stasik and could not understand what he meant and seeing my
lack of understanding of his question, asked me again:

- Faggot, have you become completely stupid for this time and can not
answer me a simple question, who you wanted to see as your master while you
are in the army?

I understood what Stasik wanted to hear, but I was afraid to answer this
question, because he could pass my answer to Stepan and then Stepan would
just kill me, because I didn't want him at all, I was afraid of Stepan and
I knew that if Stepan was put over me as the lord of my life, he would
probably destroy me on his first day, and so at least some fear that he
could be imprisoned restrains him from such a step. Timofey is sly and
cunning, though at first glance he may seem to be very favorable to you,
but his deeds say what a pervert he is inside and he covers it all up by
saying that I am a faggot and I should be brought up like that. Stasik
would probably be ideal among them, but if he would be in their company all
the time, it would be hard for me to say what he could become, so I told
him that I had difficulty answering this question, to be objective and not
to offend anyone.

- You're as cunning as a snake, Stasik answered me. I know perfectly well
that you hate Stepan, and you start telling me that you find it difficult
to answer me. Do you at least like me?

- Yes, my lord, I like you and if you want a decent answer, I consider you,
the best master I could have.

My answer gave Stasik a pleasant surprise and he smiled at me but ordered
me to further service his legs and I licked them and his dick stood
hard. He looked down at me from above and there was no contempt for me in
his gaze, but the fact that he wanted to dominate me was clearly evident. I
worshipped his feet and licked them very thoroughly. I was in no hurry to
do anything to Stasik unless he ordered me to do so, and he was just
enjoying my foot licking skills and he put one foot on top of me while I
busied myself with his other foot. He used his free foot to stroke my
nipples, my stomach and then back to my nipples which were hard with
arousal and then Stasik ordered me to lie down so that my cunt was near his
legs and he could stroke it with his feet. I lay down as he ordered me and
his foot started to work on my cunt and he put his foot in it and worked
his foot like a cock and I was so horny that I moaned under him and wanted
his cock.

-My Master would you like me to suck you off, because your cock feels very
painful?

- I want to fuck you in your cunt, so spread your legs as wide as you can
and you can lift them up.

I did as he told me and Stasik lowered himself over me and his cock touched
my labia and it felt so good that I moaned and Stasik put his cock inside
me. The feeling of the fullness of my cunt as his cock entered me made me
very hot, although I was already wet from the anticipation of sex with
Stasik and Stasik started fucking me and I just started moaning under him
and he ordered me to lower my legs because he wanted to lie on me with his
whole body and when he lay down, the warmth of his body made me feel so
strong that I told him that I would do anything for him that he asked me to
do.

- You will not only do what, I will ask you, I will order you so that you
don't forget who is the master here and what you are for at times like
this.

Stasik was fucking me, and I was just euphoric and wished that such sex
between us would not end, but Stasik had other plans, and he abruptly got
up from me and told me to get on all fours and spread my legs wide. I got
on all fours and spread my legs giving him a good view of my ass and cunt
and thought he was going to take me from behind now, but he took the belt
and started beating me on my ass and cunt and it hurt so much that I howled
under him and he got a taste of my beating and ordered me to stand on all
fours. I cried in front of him and begged him to stop beating me, but he
told me to shut up and take my punishment. My asshole from his belt was red
and hurt a lot, tears were streaming down my face, and Stasik didn't think
to stop beating me. When he got tired of it, he sat down on the bed and
made me crawl to him and beg me to feel sorry for him. I crawled to him and
started kissing his feet and begging him to have mercy on me, and he
laughed and kicked me in the face and my face turned red from his kicking
too. I did not think that Stasik could be so cruel and he was not touched
by my tears, but in my humiliation, he found pleasure and it turned him on
even more. After torturing me in this way, he ordered me to crawl after him
to the toilet and there he would further educate me, and not to think that
he would treat me well. I crawled to the toilet and Stasik squatted down
and showed me my place, so that I would lie on the floor and my mouth would
be over his asshole.

- I know faggot that Timofey taught you to lick his asshole and eat his
shit and you are about to give me an exam on this art and if you disappoint
me, Timofey will have to teach you a lot of it again and I think it will be
bad for you.

I was lying under Stasik in the toilet and he sat on my face with his ass
and I started licking it off him. He sat on top of me and just enjoyed the
work of my tongue on his point and Stasik without warning started farting
in my mouth when I was licking his ass and I started to choke on the
stench, but he ordered me to keep licking his ass and not to pay attention
to his farts. I licked further and his asshole began to open up as the
first poo was making its way free to come out of his asshole and into my
mouth and Stasik lifted his asshole a little above my face and I saw his
shit come out. Slowly opening its passage, it snaked and stretched out over
his asshole to fall into my mouth and I opened my mouth as wide as I could
and it magically separated from its host and fell into my mouth.

- Now chew and swallow my work of art, Stasik told me and stood over me and
watched as I began to chew his shit in my mouth.

- I know faggot that Timofey taught you to lick his asshole and eat his
shit and you are about to give me an exam on this art and if you disappoint
me, Timofey will have to teach you a lot of it again and I think it will be
bad for you.

I was lying under Stasik in the toilet and he sat on my face with his ass
and I started licking it off him. He sat on top of me and just enjoyed the
work of my tongue on his point and Stasik without warning started farting
in my mouth when I was licking his ass and I started to choke on the
stench, but he ordered me to keep licking his ass and not to pay attention
to his farts. I licked further and his asshole began to open up as the
first poo was making its way free to come out of his asshole and into my
mouth and Stasik lifted his asshole a little above my face and I saw his
shit come out. Slowly opening its passage, it snaked and stretched out over
his asshole to fall into my mouth and I opened my mouth as wide as I could
and it magically separated from its host and fell into my mouth.

- Now chew and swallow my work of art, Stasik told me and stood over me and
watched as I began to chew his shit in my mouth.

It was hard for me to do it, because it was viscous and I had to drink
something to get it down my throat. But I couldn't eat it so Stasik told me
to open my mouth and he took his cock in his hand and pointed it at me and
started pissing in my mouth so I could swallow his shit. It made it easier
for me to chew his shit when he pissed in my mouth and I ate it and Stasik
squatted over my face again and now a large amount of his shit just came
out of his ass and was all over my face.

- Well, I think you have a great dinner tonight, so go ahead and chew my
chocolate and don't forget to thank your master for such a great dinner.

I was chewing his shit and Stasik was looking at me and his cock started to
rise and he came over to me and spread my legs and put his cock in my cunt
and started fucking me again. He was really turned on by the sight of his
shit on my face and he wasn't even bothered by the stench of his shit, but
he found it all arousing and fucked me hard and fast. I chewed and enjoyed
the buzz of his cock in my cunt and it helped me to overcome my gag reflex
and I ate all his shit and lay under him while he fucked me and when Stasik
cum in my cunt, he told me to go to the shower and clean myself up and he
went to lie down on the bunk and waited for me when I came from the
shower. I myself was surprised how Stasik had gotten me into such a fetish
so quickly, and I ate his shit and didn't even throw it all back up. I was
highly sexually aroused by him and maybe that played a big part in it. I
had a good wash and came to Stasik who was lying on the bed waiting for me.

- So, faggot, did you like my chocolate? Now you are open for this case,
and I will tell Timofey everything, how everything went smoothly with you
and you ate my shit with pleasure and didn't even choke. I'll go to bed
now, and you'll be on duty to make sure that everything works perfectly in
the stoker room and that our regiment is warm. The Dembilas are celebrating
their last night in the wardroom and I don't think they will come here, so
you faggot, you can have a rest from me while I sleep and then I will abuse
you again, now get out of here and don't get dressed, you have to be naked
all the time.

Stasik lay down on the bed, turned his back to the wall and fell asleep
quite quickly, and I left the room and sat in the stoker, thinking about
what had just happened to me and how Stasik had quickly divorced me into
such a fetish. I thought that the night would be quiet and peaceful and
when Stasik woke up, he would fuck me again and that would be the end of
it, but I didn't take into account that the grandfathers in the stoker room
were drinking and they could have their own plans for the night, and while
I was resting in the warm stoker room.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 15:08:18 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 14 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome.

You can email: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army part 14

I was about to leave for the boiler room when Stepan came in and looked at
me and said;

- "You faggot, haven't you left yet? He kicked me on my ass and I fell to
the floor, and he hit me with another blow.

- Run get up critter and run to the boiler room, and I'll come back later
and check on you.

I got up and went to the boiler room, Misha and I had five minutes to talk
and Stasik came and Misha left.

- Well, faggot, are you ready to work with me today?

I waved my head and Stasik locked the door and made me strip naked.

- So, for the future, so I don't tell you again, you come to the boiler
room and strip naked, got it?

- Yeah, I got it.

- Good, now get on your knees and start sucking my cock, because he missed
your so tender mouth and Stasik took his cock out of his pants.

I knelt down and started sucking his cock. Sucking Stasik's cock was nice,
but Stasik behaved like the last idiot and could turn from kind to so evil
and cruel that I just don't know how this could get along in one person. If
Stepan is cruel to me, he is cruel to me all the time and I never expect
anything good from him, but Stasik has moments when he is kind and you can
see it in his eyes. Stasik wanted sex and when I with my mouth lifted his
cock well, he put me on my back, lubed my asshole and started to insert his
cock into my asshole. My ass was already used to the size of Stasik's cock
and his cock was already in my ass and Stasik started fucking me. He always
fucked me fast and this time he also took a fast pace and his cock just
went in my asshole like in his own house. It was because of the fast
fucking that Stasik was hurting me, but he didn't care, he was satisfying
his needs in sex and he never cared how I felt, as I was just a hole for
his cock. Stasik fucked me, wiped his cock and left me in the room, he
opened the door and waited for Timofey, but before him came Zhenya, who was
fucking me in the pussy and came to me and told me to spread my legs so he
could fuck me in the cunt. I spread my legs and Gianni inserted his cock
into my pussy and started his movement in me. I liked it when Zhenya fucked
me in my pussy as he massaged my vagina well with his cock and I was
flowing from him and he knew it and took advantage of it. Gianni always
liked girls and so he was always happy to fuck me only in my cunt, he also
liked it when I sucked his cock and when we were alone, he could also kiss
me. Gianni was fucking me and leaned over to me and our lips met. I opened
my lips and let his tongue into my mouth and Zhenya started to use his
tongue in my mouth and it felt so good too, I let him spit in my mouth,
Zhenya liked it and turned him on a lot. He was fucking me and kissing me
at the same time. We were so engrossed that we didn't immediately realize
that Timofey had entered the room. Gianni stopped kissing me and pulled
away from me. Timofey smiled to let me know that he had seen everything but
didn't pay attention, but he put his hands on Zhenya's ass and started
stroking it to stimulate a quick orgasm, and then he pressed his cock
against it and started fucking Zhenya. Zhenya quickly came to his
conclusion and cum in my cunt and when he pulled his cock out of me Timofey
told him he could go but get your ass ready, I want to taste it and when he
left Timofey closed the door behind him and walked over to me and pulled me
close to him. His strong arms held me in his embrace and he looked into my
eyes and rubbed his crotch against my cunt. I could feel his cock gaining
strength and increasing in size and I started to get aroused and Timothy,
looking into my eyes, realized that I already wanted him. Then he lowered
me down and with his hand he started to drive his hand over my ass and put
his other hand in my mouth. I licked his fingers and my excitement grew and
grew.

- Do you want me?

- Yes Timofey, I want you.

- How badly do you want me?

- Very much I want you.

- And how can you prove it, you know my desire, what I want.

- Yes, I know what you want, but I can't do it.

- Undress me.

I started undressing Timofey. I took off his shirt and T-shirt and his sexy
body attracted me and I was crazy about this body and my hands stroked it,
and with my eyes I just devoured it. His nipples, his pumped-up pecs, his
abs, were not left without my attention and my hands stroked it all and I
started sucking on his nipples and Timothy didn't mind, up to a certain
point, and then he pushed me away from him again and asked.

- Are you horny enough to make me happy?

- What do you want me to do?

- I want to have sex with you and then shit in your mouth.

- Timothy please don't make me do that, I can't decide to do that.

- Listen faggot, there are two ways to get results. The first way is
through pain, when I will beat you until you agree or break you and
forcefully shit on you and I will do it with you every day until you love
it and can't live without it. The second option is when you voluntarily
agree to it and then I won't break you, but I will shit in your mouth every
day too, and you will love this fetish. It is up to you to choose which way
we will go to achieve the result, but I want to say that I would not like
to go the first way with you and that's why I offer you the second option.

- Timofey, please don't make me do it, I'll do anything but that.

 - And that's exactly what I need, and you have to agree voluntarily.

I knelt down on my knees and started to ask Timofey that I was ready to
lick his feet, but that he would not force me to take such a step. Timothy
looked down at me and was determined to see this through, even if he took a
little longer than expected.

- Start licking my shoes, and make sure you lick them thoroughly or you
will be punished very hard.

I started licking his boots and did it for a long time and Timothy went and
sat on the bed as he was tired of standing while I licked his boots.

- Now take them off me and lick my feet.

I took his boots off and the stench from his feet was strong and I decided
to myself that I would rather lick his stinky feet than have him shit in my
mouth so I started licking his feet. I licked each of his toes, sucking
them like I was sucking a cock, my tongue working between his toes and all
the dirt that was there I licked up with my tongue. Then I thoroughly
licked his feet and when Timothy saw my work, he stopped me and told me to
lift my head and open my mouth. I opened my mouth and Timofey collected his
drool in his mouth and spit in my mouth and told me not to swallow it and
went to call Stasik and told him to start spitting in my mouth. Stasik did
it with pleasure and even suggested to Timofey that he wouldn't mind
pissing in my mouth, but Timofey said he didn't need to do that yet and
Stasik went on working and Timofey continued his influence on me.

- Now take off my pants, but keep my underwear on.

I took off Timofey's pants, and his cock in his underpants is standing in
full force and I want to take it in my mouth so much that I started to
collect saliva in my mouth and started to swallow it.

- You want to suck my dick, faggot?

- I really do, it's so good, my drool just fills my mouth.

- So, what's the problem? If you want to suck my dick, just open your mouth
and I'll shit in it.

I don't say anything, but I want to suck his dick and I want Timofey to
pour his cum in my mouth, but Timofey gets me to make an agreement that I
can't make up my mind and he takes me by the hair of my head and he starts
driving my face in the area of his crotch and his dick through his
underpants rubs against me and there is a discharge on the tip of his dick
and it's on his underpants and I open my mouth and I want to lick this
place, and Timofey won't let me do it and tells me to just sniff it and I
sniff it and my head goes round and round from the smell of his sweat and
piss and cum and an involuntary moan comes out of me and Timofey pulls my
head away from him by the hair and my face up and tells me to open my mouth
and when I do, he starts spitting in it.

- What bitch do you miss my man cock?

- I really miss your dick.

- You know the terms and once you fulfill them you can suck my cock all you
want.

Timofey tortured me in this way for a very long time. His cock was hard,
but Timofey did not give up and psychologically broke me. Inside me
everything wanted to take his cock in my mouth and suck it greedily and
that semen filled my mouth, I just went crazy from it, but he seeing my
condition got my consent, but I could not cross this line and only some
invisible thread kept me from this action, but Timofey was also a
psychologist and understood me that I would give in and his desire to shit
in my mouth, I would fulfill it voluntarily.

- Put my shoes on, I need to go take a piss.

I took his boots and put his shoes on.

 - You faggot come with me and hold my dick while I take a piss.

The toilet was indoors and so Timothy wouldn't let me put anything on him
and we went to the toilet with him. I pulled down his underpants and his
dick was standing up and in order for him to piss I had to put his dick
down, but Timofey told me not to do that, but to hold his dick with one
hand and put my other hand under his piss stream and let his piss flow down
my hand into the toilet bowl. I did as he told me and his piss hit my
hand. I looked at his erect cock, at the flow of his piss, his balls filled
with cum and I was on the verge of agreeing with him on his terms and this
cock was going to be in my mouth right now and I automatically started to
move my hand around his cock and open his head all the way and the sight
was indescribable and Timofey let me do it to bring me even closer to
making a decision and it seemed like a small thing but it could do more
than anything else and I decided to do it, than anything else and I decided
to give up and at that moment Timofey told me to stop jerking his cock and
my desire for the agreement receded and I kind of woke up and I was scared
that I had almost agreed to the worst thing in my life and that Timofey had
stopped me in time from making that fatal mistake, but in fact Timofey saw
that I was not ready to go all the way and so he decided to play with my
feelings even more so that if I made a decision, it would be realized and
he finished pissing and let me lick the head of his penis and this also
served the purpose. We went back to the room and it was close to morning
and Timothy lay down on the bed and waved for me to lie with him and when I
got into bed with him, he pulled me against him and now new feelings
started to affect me and Timothy used them perfectly to achieve his goal in
me. He caressed me with his hands and gently told me in my ear that I was a
beautiful person and that it was part of my life to serve strong guys like
him and I should learn to please him in everything and that eating his shit
was like drinking his piss and he said it to me so calmly and quietly while
caressing me with his hands that I started to think about it, that in
principle I could try it once to determine for myself whether I needed it
or not. I was under the influence of his words, the warmth of his hands and
sexual excitement and it played in me the main engine of progress in this
matter and Timofey knew it very well and did not rush me, but just
influenced my consciousness and I would think about it myself later and I
would have a growing desire to realize it and I just needed to be warmed up
to such a decision and to have an irrepressible desire to realize it and
under such an atmosphere we fell asleep and the warmth of his body did its
work and I started dreaming that I started licking Timofey's ass and from
his asshole poop started coming out and entering my mouth and I ate it and
felt satiated and satisfied.

- Well, you see, you ate it with pleasure and did not get poisoned and did
not burp, and also felt satiety, Timofey said to me, when I ate his first
poop, and now lick my ass to make it clean.

I open my eyes and Stepan is standing next to me and it starts to dawn on
me that I shouldn't have gone to bed with Timofey and I get up and Stepan
punches me sharply in the stomach and I twist and fall to the floor.

- You bastard, who let you go to bed? Are you out of your fucking mind?

- I'm sorry, comrade sergeant, it won't happen again.

- Bitch, get dressed quickly and go to the barracks to clean the toilets so
that in an hour they shine like a cat's balls. You have to make it before
sunrise, and if you don't, you'll be scrubbing toilets for a week, you
understand me, faggot?

- That's right, comrade sergeant, I got it, to make the toilets shine like
a cat's balls, and I quickly got dressed and ran to the barracks, because
there was an hour of time left before the rise.

I ran to the barracks, grabbed some household items and went to clean the
toilets. I tried to wash them thoroughly so that Stepan wouldn't nag me,
and as soon as I finished washing them, the rising signal rang and the
soldiers started to get out of their beds and go to the toilet to do their
needs. I left so as not to disturb them, but Stepan saw me and called me to
him and said that when the guys had done their job in the toilet, you would
wash them again and when they came back from exercise, you would wash
everything again and only then could you go and rest. I waited until the
guys stopped using the restroom and went to clean everything up after them
again and waited for them to come back after charging to clean everything
up again and go to bed. The guys came back after charging and again, who
went to the toilet, who went to wash up and when they were done, I took the
household utensils and cleaned everything thoroughly after them and after
that I went to the barracks and went to bed. No sooner had I fallen asleep
than Stepan woke me up again and asked me:

- Did you clean up everything I told you?

- Yes, comrade sergeant, I did everything you ordered me to do.

- So why didn't you report to me about the work done?

- My fault, comrade sergeant, it won't happen again.

- Faggot, don't you think all I hear from you is that it won't happen
again, and you do it again and again? You want to stay awake; I'll give it
to you; we have plenty of work in the company.

I lowered my head, because Stepan was right and was silent, but he was
looking at me and thinking about something.

- Be thankful that I'm kind today, or I'd give you a Bartholomew's
Night. Go to bed and don't forget that you always sleep naked.

Stepan left and I went back to sleep and I started dreaming again that I
was walking with Timofey and he hugged me and held me and offered me to eat
his poop and we found a beautiful meadow with many flowers and it was so
beautiful that I didn't want to leave and he told me to lie on my back and
open my mouth and he sat down with his bare ass on my face and offered me
to lick his ass. I lick his asshole and his hole starts to open up and a
poop crawls out of his point and into my mouth, and it's so small and looks
so pretty that I'm just waiting for it to fall into my mouth. Timothy is in
no hurry to part with it and I start sucking it like a cock and it's like a
popsicle to me and the more I suck it the more sexually aroused I get and I
want Timothy to fuck me and I get excited and I slap him on the ass and he
gives me this poop and I start eating it and my cock just spikes up
frantically and cum spurts out of me and I wake up, and my arousal is so
intense and my pussy is flowing and my legs are wet and my heart is
pounding fast and I remember the dream and I feel like, that I can taste
shit in my mouth and my strong arousal makes this taste desirable and I
want to taste Timofey's shit and my hand reaches for my cunt and I start to
put my fingers in it and fuck myself with them and I again have an idea
that Timofey is sitting on me with his ass and shitting in my mouth and I
cum violently and I blacked out again. Zhenya woke me up and told me it was
lunch time and I got up, washed my face and went to the dining room where I
sat at a separate table and ate. After lunch I went to the infirmary and
the doctor told me to undress and lie down on the couch. I undressed and
lay down.

- How are you feeling, he asked me.

- I'm fine.

- Spread your legs wide, I want to get a good look at everything.

I spread my legs and Vasily Ivanovich sat down next to me and began to move
his hands along my legs and approaching my cunt, stroking it and again
stroking my legs. He made these movements several times and then he put his
finger in my cunt and checked it for suitability. He was satisfied with his
examination and said that I was fine and my cunt was fully functional and
if I continued to be injected with female hormones, my body structure would
gradually look like a woman's, so if you wanted to do that, we could
continue injecting female hormones, but I refused it, especially since my
tits started to grow and I was not very comfortable in the bathhouse in
front of guys who came up to me and stroked them with their hands and
excited me a lot and the doctor said that I didn't need to go to him
anymore and I went to the barracks.

On the way I met Stepan, who was going to the doctor, and he looked at me
and said, if you don't report to me about the work done, you will clean my
toilets for a month, and exactly when guys will piss and shit in them, and
you will clean up after them and live and sleep right there, do you
understand me?

- Yes, I understand you, comrade sergeant.

Stepan punched me in the stomach and went into the infirmary, and I twisted
from his blow and stood like that for a while until the pain went
away. Stepan said hello to the doctor and sat down in a chair. Vasily
Ivanovich looked at him and asked, are you all, right?

- Yes, I'm fine, why did you ask?

- I don't know, it just seemed like you were preoccupied with
something. Well, since you're fine, I wanted to tell you
something. Firstly, I want to raise the topic again about your further stay
in the army as a warrant officer. You're a sergeant now, and if your future
service goes well, I'll help you get promoted.

- Why do you care so much about me, and what's in it for you?

-Well, first of all, I don't care about you, secondly, I like you and I
would like to have an intimate relationship with you, thirdly, you don't
want to go back home to your stepfather and you will have to live
somewhere, and this way you will be well provided for and you can look for
your mother, and we could live together, how about this solitaire?

- Sounds like fun, but I'll have to think about it.

- Of course you have time to think, now tell me what happened next.

I woke up in the morning, threw back the blanket and my dick was standing
up and while Gosha was sleeping I decided to jerk off right here in bed and
taking it in my hands I started playing with it and it felt so good that I
even imagined Kirill with his dick entering my mouth and from the pleasure
I opened my mouth and closed my eyes. His cock was going in and out of my
mouth and it felt so good that I even let out a moan and a real cock
entered my mouth and I opened my eyes in surprise and saw Gosha standing
next to me and his cock was in my mouth.

- Suck it and don't be embarrassed, he told me and proceeded to put it in
my mouth.

I started sucking it and Gosha told me to get off the bed and get on my
knees, which I did and then he took my head in his hands and started
fucking me hard and fast in my mouth. Gosha skillfully drove his cock into
my throat and held it there to create tension in my body and get a high
from it and when I was short of air and wanted to break free to take a
breath of air, Gosha held my head firmly and did not let me go, and then
letting go, watched me gasping for air and my red face made him smile.

- Well faggot, are you short of air, or my cock? You're a good catch for
unloading my balls, and I'm going to train you so that you learn to hold
your air for long periods of time without gasping for air.

Again his cock is moving in my mouth and his training is going full speed,
but I need practice to adjust to Gosha's tactics and he is not paying
attention and is fucking me in my mouth at his own speed and I just have
time to swallow his cock down my throat. Gosha was already close and his
swollen cock started to go hard in my throat and this brought him close to
orgasm and he started to cum in my stomach and held my head tightly against
his hair. I started to gasp but Gosha was in no hurry to take his cock out
of my throat and my hands frantically started pushing Gosha to get free and
I get a blow on my head from him and that calmed me down for a moment and
Gosha unloaded his cum in my stomach and took his cock out of my mouth.

- You faggot wanted to ruin my high and couldn't wait a little while until
I was done?

 - I was short of breath and you weren't going to take your dick out of my
throat.

- And that gave you the right to push me away?

- I could have choked.

- But you didn't, did you? And remember, once again, if you interrupt my
orgasm, the guys from our class will know that you are a faggot, moreover,
they are already beginning to think so about you, seeing what kind of
sports wrestling you arrange with Kirill and Kostya, and if I say about you
that you suck my dick, then you will suck the dick of all the guys and they
will fuck you in the ass, do you understand me faggot?

- Yes, I said guiltily and lowered my head.

- Now quickly clean my cock and we have to go to the canteen.

I took his cock in my mouth and started to lick it, and when I licked his
cock, Gosha pushed me away and looked at me with contempt, saying that I
was a faggot, and for some reason I thought that Gosha had become a little
better with me, but it turned out to be nothing and then fear filled my
heart and I looked at him with fear and was afraid that Gosha could at any
moment betray me to the guys. We went to the dining room and on the way,
Gosha told me:

- I want to fight with you today just like Kirill and Kostya did with you
at the wrestling, so that my dick would also be on your face and on your
ass, to feel how my dick would stand on your ass in the hall and when all
the guys would look at it.

The more Gosha got into the flavor of our sexual relationship, the more he
became insatiable and that's what I feared the most. We ate and went to
class and Kirill met me and asked if I was ready to go home with him today
and I showed him my backpack and he clapped me on the shoulder and walked
away. I was looking at his back and I was thinking about today's wrestling
practice and I needed underwear, and Kirill didn't say anything to me about
it, and I started to get nervous. After a while Kostya met me and asked me
if I was ready for today's wrestling? I had to answer that yes, although I
wanted to run away and hide from all this, but I realized that I had
nowhere to go. All lessons I was like on pins and needles and at times I
looked at Kirill, and he pretended not to see me and the last lesson of
physical education and my panic was not limited and just before the lesson
of physical education, Kirill called me to him and we went to the toilet
and there he gave me underpants and told me to put them on now and when I
took the underpants from his hands, I saw that they were women's and had
pink color and I looked at him with such a look, but Kirill was unfazed and
told me to put them on. I slowly put them on and my balls were visible
through them as they were narrow and could not fit all my assets and Kirill
said that they fit me well and left the bathroom. I was still there and
didn't know what to do, but there was nowhere to go and I went to class in
those underwear. I went to my locker and was slow to change, because there
were still a lot of guys and at that time Kirill came and told me to change
quickly, and I with such difficulty began to take off my clothes that
Kirill had to hurry me and when my pants fell down, the guys who were still
in the locker room saw my pink women's panties and raised me to laughter. I
had never experienced such humiliation before and quickly changed into my
uniform and when I entered the hall, the guys started laughing at me even
more and saying to each other that I was wearing women's panties. The
laughter was on the whole hall that even the girls looked at each other and
our fight began. I was no longer in any mood to wrestle and when the coach
said that I had to come out now, I replied that I would not wrestle anymore
and let him eliminate me from the team. The coach was perplexed by my
statement, but he didn't pressure me, but told me to come into his office
after class. Kirill just showed me his fist, and I realized that if I went
to Kirill's house today, he would just destroy me and decided not to go
anywhere, and since I was sitting next to Gosha, I quietly asked him to get
me away from Kirill not to go to his house.

- I'll try, but I can't guarantee success, but what happened?

I had to quietly tell him about Kirill's prank, and Gosha held back his
laughter, even though it was obvious that he wanted to laugh.

- Okay, faggot, I'll try, but you have to promise me that if I get you off,
you'll agree to all my terms, no matter how strange they may seem to you.

- I promise I'll do it.

- Okay

I had a little hope that Gosha would get me off and Kirill wouldn't take me
home today and make fun of me, but now Gosha had set conditions and I don't
even know what he had in mind, but it's better to have Gosha than Kirill, I
thought. The lesson was over and I went to the

coach, we talked for a long time, but I never told him the main reason why
I don't want to wrestle anymore, and how could I tell him that wrestling
for me became a mockery from Kirill and Kostya, when they are
demonstratively in front of guys with their dicks riding on my face, but
also very excited and their boners are visible to everyone. One thing I
didn't take into account was that now Kirill could easily tell the guys
about me and then I had two ways, either I stayed in the school and studied
further, but I belonged to Kirill and he did whatever he thought necessary
with me, or I just left the school and went wherever I wanted, but where
would I go? No relatives, no home, no money, no nothing. There was still
hope that Gosha would get me away from Kirill, but this hope was so fragile
that I didn't even want to grasp it. The coach asked me to think it over
again, not to make any quick decisions and to tell him the result on
Wednesday, especially since he thought that Kirill would train me on the
weekend. I left his office and Kirill and Kostya were already waiting for
me and beckoned me with a finger to approach them. I went up to them in
fear, and I didn't see Gosha anywhere, and they took me to the farthest
corner of the locker room and put me on a bench and sat on opposite sides
of me and Kirill started talking.

- You probably don't know me well faggot, if I say that you are my slave
now, you must fulfill my wishes instantly and never cross me, and what did
you do today? Showed your disrespectful attitude towards me, when I take
care of you, I take care of your things and you treat your master like
this? Why don't you say something, faggot?

I realized that in this situation there was no point in saying something,
because I would be guilty anyway, so I didn't say anything.

- So, you want to play silent treatment with us, let's see how it
goes. We're gonna tell all the guys who haven't left yet.

your secret and put you down right here, if that's what you want.

I was so emotional that I wanted to attack them right here and take them
down, but dreams and desires are not the reality of what I'm capable of and
then I wouldn't expect to be saved from them, but for some reason I was
stalling, because we had agreed with Gosha and he promised to help me, but
I didn't know where he was and decided that it was better to surrender to
them and get my punishment than to wait for Gosha, who wasn't around. And
when I was about to agree with them, Gosha came out of the shower all wet
and naked and walked towards us.

- So, guys, I'm taking Stepan now, and we're going to the coach's house,
he'll show us wrestling techniques, and we'll train with him.

Kirill and Kostya's jaw dropped and they thought for a while what to say,
but Gosha didn't give them time for that and called me and went to his
locker. I followed him and did not leave his side and when Gosha got
dressed, we left the locker room and went to the dorm.

- Now, faggot, listen to me carefully, since I got you rid of them, you owe
me your life and you'll do whatever I tell you to do, and if you fuck with
me, I'll personally beat the hell out of you and you'll work for the
drugstore for the rest of your life. And first, when we get to the dorm, I
want to test you on your word, and then we'll see.

We went to our room and Gosha locked the door and told me to strip naked
and when I stood naked in front of him, he started to run his hand over my
ass and it felt very good. My dick started to rise and Gosha didn't like it
and he sharply hit it with his hand and such a pain filled me that my dick
fell at once.

- If it were up to me, I'd cut off your dick, faggots don't need it, but
now kneel down and start worshipping my feet and make my shoes as clean as
a cat's balls.

I knelt down in front of Gosha and he sat on the bed looking at me and I
started licking his shoes. I licked his top, sides and then Gosha told me
to start licking the soles of his shoes and since I was not comfortable in
this position to do that, I had to lie on my back and start licking his
soles. My tongue hurt because the sole was very rough, plus it was also
dirty and I had to lick all the dirt off and when Gosha's shoes were clean,
he ordered me to wake him up and start licking his feet. Good thing he was
after shower and his feet were clean and I thoroughly licked his feet,
sucked his toes, licked his soles and when Gosha got bored of my worshiping
his feet, he told me to undress him and worship his body by licking him
everywhere the same way. Gosha, as I said before was very hairy and he once
asked me to lick his balls and I refused him and now I had to lick his
hairy body and his hair would be in my mouth and therefore in my stomach
and I was so disgusted that I thought I would vomit just at the thought of
it. Gosha, seeing my hesitation grabbed me by the hair of my head and held
me to his groin and held me there, letting me sniff him.

- That's it, have you adapted to my hair and my smell? Now quickly do what
I tell you or I guarantee I'll beat you badly.

I started to lick his body and the hair started to fall into my mouth and
some I managed to get out of my mouth and some I swallowed with saliva and
I licked his whole body and now I started to suck his cock.

- Don't forget his balls, they are very sensitive and need your tongue.

I licked his balls, sucked his dick and then Gosha lay on his stomach and I
started licking his hairy ass. His hole was so nice that I spent more time
on it than on his ass, but Gosha didn't mind and when Gosha was very
sexually aroused, he put me down and started fucking me. He fucked me fast,
but he drove his cock in hard and sharp and caused me a lot of pain. He
liked that pace, and he fucked me like that. Gosha's breathing became
faster and his cock became very hard, and his cum started coming out of his
cock and filling me up. Gosha was breathing hard and he drove his cock in
one last time and froze inside me. We lay like that for a while and then
Gosha pulled his cock out of me and told me to lick it. I licked it off and
we fell on the bed together.

- Fuck Stepan, you're just a born faggot, I cum so hard I gave all my
strength to you. So, we have another half an hour of rest and then we'll go
to dinner.

I was also very tired and even passed out for this time, and Gosha didn't
touch me as he himself lay with me and rested. After half an hour he got me
up and we went to dinner and after dinner we rested and watched a movie
before going to bed.

Kirill and Kostya were walking home and their plan for me was going to
hell, and they were walking and talking about what to do with me and Kirill
suggested to Kostya that after he came to his house, changed his clothes
and ate, that he should go to his house and discuss what they would do with
me. At 8 o'clock in the evening Kostya came to Kirill's house and having
made themselves comfortable on his bed they began to think about what to do
with me.

- You know, Kostya, this faggot should be put in a circle among the guys
and Gosha should be put down too, so that these two faggots would suck each
other's cocks all the time and improve their abilities.

- Listen Kirill, what if we tie Stepan's dick and forbid him to ever cum,
and he becomes sexually horny all the time, and we could control him and
manage him.

- Maybe we could get him a chastity cage, I've heard of it, when his dick
is in the cage the only thing the faggot can do is piss, but he can't jerk
off and listen Kostya I've got a brilliant idea, we could give this faggot,
when his dick is in the cage, a stimulant pill, you can imagine what pain
he will have when his dick will try to gain strength, but the cage will
hold it back and the skin will cut into the cage and his dick will be so
swollen that he will be ready to do everything for us voluntarily, only if
we release him from it and let him jerk off.

- And you know Kirill, it's an idea, I want to put this faggot in a stall
so badly that I'd make him a doghouse and he'd sit in it and be on a leash.

- Fucking Kostya, that's another good idea you got. So, make a dog out of
him, and limit his actions and movements, and it can be done on all
weekends, especially since I have a room for that, where I do physical
exercises.

And they talked a lot about it among themselves and they were so excited
that they wanted to do it all now and Kostya said:

- Kirill it's 9pm, these faggots are definitely home by now and we can go
to the dorm and get our faggot from there, how about it?

- Bitch, I didn't think of that. Come on, now we'll give him a sweet life,
he'll know how to throw me and disobey my orders.

They got dressed and went to the dorm and having found out on the watch
where my room was, knocked on the door.

- Go open the door and see who's there, Gosha said to me.

I got up, opened the door and I was horrified when I saw Kirill and Kostya
and inertia moved back, letting them pass into the room.

- How was the fight, Gosha? What did the coach tell you? What moves did he
teach you? Or maybe you made it all up to get that faggot away from real
training, huh?

- Or maybe we should ask the coach how you practiced and what you learned?
Well, what do you say Gosha to all these questions? You knew perfectly well
that I promised the coach to take this faggot for the weekend and pull him
up, and you pulled such a fucking trick, that's what we should do with you?

- We've really been studying and we just recently got here and we're tired
and want to sleep, Gosha said. Let's guys discuss everything tomorrow and
then you can take Stepan to your place and teach him.

- You probably don't understand, Gosha, I want to know, have you really
been to the coach and practiced wrestling there?

- Yes, we have really been to him and practiced wrestling, Gosha answered.

- Aren't you afraid that you are lying to us and then we can do something
bad to you, like you did to us today, do you want that?

- I didn't do anything bad and don't push me, Kirill.

- Gosha, don't cross the line, or you'll get punished for cheating. I'm
asking you again, and you have to tell me honestly, have you been to the
coach's house?

- Yes, we were.

- You swear it's true?

- I swear.

- Gosha, you swore an oath and it will determine how we will deal with you
later, and we'll take this faggot with us all weekend and teach him how to
wrestle, the qualifying round is in a week.

- He said he won't wrestle anymore, why would you take him?

 Gosha, you probably don't get it, since you've been to the coach and he's
been working with you, it means that this faggot gave his consent that he
would wrestle, and now you're telling me the opposite, do you realize what
you're saying?

Gosha was silent, because he realized that he had told a lot of untruths,
and he also started denying about me and had nothing to say.

- Well, you see, it turns out everything is normal about the fight and you
Gosha has nothing to say, but to us, you told us so beautifully how you
were training and lied to us without blushing, it will be necessary to tell
the guys for you to think about what to do with you and something tells me
that you Gosha is also a faggot.

Gosha started to get indignant, but Kirill just answered him that on Monday
he will find out everything from the coach and then we will let you Gosha
in the locker room for your lies and all the guys will fuck you in the ass.

- And you faggot get dressed quickly and come with us, you will tell us
everything, what you were doing here and it seems to me that you sucked
each other's dicks.

Gosha was not indignant anymore, because he knew that I would tell
everything as it really was and he sat silently on the bed and watched me
get dressed and leave with the guys.

- See you soon Gosha, I think you will join your faggot and suck his dick,
I guarantee you.

Gosha sat with his face down and red as a cancer and Kirill looked at him
and grinned, then patted him on the shoulder and lifted his head.

- I think your head speaks a lot, so can you tell me everything now, so
that your punishment will not be so painful, or this faggot will tell us
everything what kind of wrestling you were doing here, and maybe the coach
will tell us how you were wrestling hard? Shall I go or wait until you tell
us everything?

But Gosha was silent, he had nothing to say, and the three of us left the
room, and Gosha stayed by himself.

- Well faggot, now you tell us how your fight really went, Kirill said to
me while we were walking to his house.

I had to tell everything, what we were doing all this time and Kirill
turned to Kostya and said, and these faggots did not waste time, but
nothing we will catch up. We came to Kirill's house and when I went into
his room, I immediately undressed without talking and was in only
underwear, which Kirill gave me today.

- Look how they look on you, and you kicked, snorted, did not want to put
them on, you are just ungrateful, but I will teach you this and you will
thank me for everything I will do for you.

Kirill left the room and when he came back he had the rope he used to tie
me up that time, and he and Kostya tied me up and tied me to the bed and
stretched my legs wide so that they had free access to my crotch and taking
off my underwear, they tied my balls and pulled them hard until I started
screaming and leaving me for a while, they went to a separate room, from
which Kirill made a gym. And consulted among themselves about what they
should do with me and how badly Gosha should be punished.

I was stretched to the limit with the ropes, and my balls were so tight
that I thought Kirill wanted to tear them off. The pain was growing very
fast and they were gone for a long time and when they came, Kirill hit my
balls sharply and without talking and that made the pain even worse and I
screamed. Tears were streaming from my eyes and I screamed. Kirill stood
next to me and looked at me and then he put his foot on my chest and
pressed so hard on my nipples and started twisting his foot on my nipples
left and right. I was howling in pain and Kirill wouldn't stop twisting my
nipples and my tears were streaming from my eyes. I couldn't take the pain
anymore and through my tears I started to beg Kirill to stop and whatever I
needed to do; I would do it all. Kirill took his foot off my chest and
squatted down next to me and stared intently into my face. His gaze was
heavy and I lowered my head as I was afraid to look him in the eye.

- The faggot raised his head and looked me in the eye.

With difficulty I raised my head and looked him in the eye. In his eyes
read incredible anger and it was so transmitted to me that I began to
tremble with fear and begged Kirill not to hurt me. I started crying again,
and he just squatted next to me and kept silent. His silent gaze said more
than words could say. I had hurt him badly with my disobedience and now I
must feel his wrath.

- Did I tell you that if you disobey me, I will punish you severely?

- Yes master, you did, and I let you down with my disobedience, that I
refused to fight, and then I asked Gosha to get me away from you and I let
him down too and now I must bear your punishment so that I won't be
disobedient from now on.

Kirill moved away from me and sat on the bed. He was thinking about what to
do with me, but he didn't want to spoil me, and as I realized later, he
liked me, but Kostya insisted on punishing me harshly.

- Kostya, I've already told you that I want to fight with him this weekend
and make him stronger in the fight, and if we punish him today, as you
want, he won't be much use tomorrow, so we'll punish him for a long time,
but not today, but I want to punish Gosha severely, because he dared to
oppose me.

Kirill thought for a while, and then turning to Kostya said.

- So, Kostya, you go home now, and tomorrow at 7 a.m. you are at my house
and we start our warm-up with running, and then we will fight and teach
this faggot the right method of fighting, is it clear to you?

- Whatever you say, but I'd still punish the motherfucker, right?

- Don't worry, we will punish him, as we did at the wrestling and for him,
I think it's a strong punishment, and now let's say goodbye, I want to
sleep.

Kostya said goodbye to Kirill and left, and Kirill untied me and we slept
together in his bed.

- I'm just tired today and I don't have the strength not only to punish
you, but also to fuck you, so let's sleep, and tomorrow our exercises will
start and I guarantee you that I will suck all the strength out of you, but
I will achieve my goal.

Kirill hugged me and we fell asleep.

At 6am Kirill woke up and his dick was against my ass and Kirill spit on
his dick and drove it into my ass without any questions. From such a sharp
entry of his cock into me, I woke up and moaned.

- Take my dick since morning faggot, Kirill told me and started fucking me.

He fucked me not long, but fast and after cumming in me, Kirill pulled his
cock out and told me to service him. I reached down and took his cock in my
mouth and started to lick it and when I had licked it, Kirill told me he
wanted to piss and I had to drink his piss and not spill a drop or he would
kill me. I pressed my lips tightly together and got ready for his piss and
Kirill started pissing in my mouth and I quickly drank his piss. After
drinking his piss, we lay in bed for a while, then we got up, washed up and
waited for Kostya and when he came, we got dressed and ran. Kirill liked to
run in the morning and ran 3 km, and when he was in a good mood, he ran 5
km and so we ran today 5 km and when I got home, we went straight to his
gym, undressed and started to fight. Kirill wrestled with Kostya first. I
watched their fight and I liked to watch Kirill's body, which was as
flexible as a cat's and he twisted out of such clamps that even Kostya was
surprised by Kirill's agility. Then I wrestled with Kirill and if I did
something wrong somewhere, Kirill stopped the wrestling and with Kostya
showed me how to do clamps and how to twist and then Kirill wrestled with
me again so that I would learn in practice all these methods of
wrestling. We were all sweaty and smelly and I could see Bones cock
standing up and he kept looking at me while I wrestled Kirill.

Finally, Kirill gave us a rest and we sat on a bench and rested.

- Kirill, do I want that faggot to suck my dick?

- So, what's the question, Kostya, here he is sitting in front of you, just
tell him and he'll serve you.

- Faggot crawl to me, Kostya said to me.

I got up from the bench, got down on the floor and crawled to Kostya. I
crawled to him and since I didn't know what to do, I started licking his
shoes. Kostya and Kirill watched me, and then Kostya told me to take off
his shoes, and when I took off his shoes, his socks stank so badly that
even Kirill cringed.

- How long have you not washed your socks, Kirill asked Kostya.

- Yes, since yesterday.

- Fuck, and it feels like you haven't washed them for a week.

- Smell my socks, faggot, and then you'll have them in your mouth.

I sniffed his socks and thought I would faint from the stench, but Kostya
didn't care and enjoyed my humiliation.

- So, stop sniffing my socks, now take them off and start licking my feet.

Kostya's legs also stank a lot because of his stinky socks and they were
dirty and I had to lick it all off to get them clean and after that, Kostya
made me suck his cock and taking off his gym pants, I saw his beautiful
cock and nice balls hanging between his legs. The stench, of course, from
his farm was decent and I had to deal with it, so I took his erect cock in
my mouth and started licking his head and since there was old cum under his
skin, Kostya obviously hadn't washed yesterday, but I didn't dare to tell
him about it. I licked his head and lowered myself onto his cock shaft and
swallowed it whole and it went down my throat and my hands were stroking
his balls and Kostya was just enjoying the effect on his cock. I held his
cock in my throat for as long as I could do without air, and then I started
pumping my head, and Kostya just moaned from that.

- Now let's lick my balls and then you can lick my asshole clean too,
because it's begging for a shower and I figured your tongue would be
better.

I switched to his balls and they stank a lot too and Kostya spread his legs
a lot and I had good access to his balls and I licked them and now I had to
lick his stinky asshole and Kostya stood up turned his back to me and I
spread his buttocks apart with my hands and started licking his asshole.

- Kirill, how would you feel if we fucked this faggot now?

- We haven't finished practicing yet, so we have to hold off on that. No,
if you want to fuck him, you're welcome to, but we have to fight a little
more.

- Okay I'll refrain, but he's going to suck my dick, and Kostya turned to
face me and told me to put his dirty sock on his dick and start sucking it
like this.

Fuck, it was very disgusting when his dirty sock was put on his cock and I
sucked his cock like that and my drool wet his sock and the dirt that was
on it I had to swallow. I sucked for a long time like that until Kostya got
hard and started cumming in his sock and I had to lick it all out of him
and while I was doing that his sock got almost clean and then Kostya told
me to take the sock off his cock and put it in my mouth and wash it with my
saliva and he sat next to Kirill and watched me as I did it. My mouth was
chewing on his sock and drooling a lot and so all the dirt was in my
stomach and they were talking to each other and their conversation was
mostly about Gosha and they agreed that Gosha was worthy of me being his
master and doing whatever I wanted with him and if he didn't listen to me,
he would be put in the locker room by the guys in a circle and then anyone
who wanted to fuck him could do it whenever they wanted.

- So, stop sitting around, Kirill said, we have to wrestle, because we
don't have much time, and we wrestled again.

I was exhausted and when Kirill looked at me, he told me to sit on the
bench and watch how he and Kostya were wrestling and not to miss those
moments when Kostya was grabbing Kirill, and he was getting out of those
grabs and defeating Kostya. They wrestled for about an hour and then
Kirill's mom invited us to lunch and when we had a good meal, I went
swimming with Kirill and Kostya went to his house. I washed Kirill's back
and then he turned forward to me and told me to suck his dick as he was
about to fuck me in the ass. I sucked on his cock and his cock stiffened. I
switched to his testicles and licked them until Kirill lifted me up and
turned my back to him. He pulled me against him and his hand stroked me,
and I started to melt from his embrace and bent forward myself and spread
my ass for Kirill to fuck me. Kirill's cock pressed into me and started to
press against me and move away from me and these actions turned me on so
much that I begged and pleaded with Kirill to fuck me in my ass and I
pushed my buttocks apart with my hands and my asshole opened up to accept
Kirill's cock and he pushed his cock into my ass and started fucking me. My
moaning excited Kirill and he started fucking me harder and harder and
after twenty minutes, panting and all wet from such sex, he started cumming
in my ass and started biting my neck and growling into it. It was the first
time I had ever had that kind of sex to get bitten, but Kirill didn't
control his clamp of teeth on my neck and bit it and I was bleeding. I
cried out and he started licking my blood and drove his cock deep into me
and froze in that position and held me tightly in his arms. While he licked
the blood on my neck, and a little from such sex I calmed down, and Kirill
started kissing me on my neck and put a hickey on me, right on the visible
place and only after that he let me go, and I sank down on my hands and in
such a position a little stood and came to myself. We came out of the
shower, and I looked in the mirror and showed the hickey to Kirill, and he
smiled and told me that it was his mark for me and he would like me to
always wear the collar on my neck and thus show everyone that I belonged to
him and Kirill was my Master. Of course, I did not dare to do it, because
everyone could see me with the collar on my neck and misinterpret
everything, but Kirill insisted and convinced me to do it, and so that I
could wear it safely, he told me to put it on right now and never take it
off my neck again. I put the collar on and wore it at Kirill's house until
Monday morning. We had a rest, and in the evening Kostya and Denis came to
visit Kirill and they stripped me naked, and I crawled between them on my
knees and sucked from their cocks, and then they took turns fucking me and
by 10 p.m. they went home, and I stayed with Kirill for the night. Sunday
morning, we got up at 06:30 and went out for a run. Kirill could run for a
long time, because he had a good respiration and I was pulling up to his
rhythm, though it was hard for me to run as much as he did, and when we
finished running, we started wrestling and Kirill liked that I was getting
better at wrestling. We sweaty and stinky went to the shower and had a good
wash and after breakfast Kirill took me with him and we went to the mall
and he bought me clothes. He changed my whole closet, from pants to a
shirt, but he bought me women's panties again and I have to wear them all
the time and not to be ashamed of it, because now I will show everyone my
belonging, that I am Kirill's slave and he will now decide what I should
wear and what I should dress in. Sunday afternoon passed quietly and I
spent the night with him, and on Monday I had to show up in my new outfit
at the school, and I started to worry a lot, but Kirill reassured me that
he would be with me all the time until everyone got used to my new position
and would not react so harshly to it, and we went to the school in the
morning.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Sat, 11 Jan 2025 09:32:03 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 13 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me at:
Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army part 13

It was 6:00 a.m. and I turned on the lights in the barracks. The guys got
up and went out for exercise, and Stepan called me over to him and when I
came over, he put me on my knees and told me to take his cock in my mouth
and start pissing into it. I quickly drank his piss as I was not allowed to
drop a drop or I would be punished. I drank his morning piss and continued
sucking his cock, but Stepan wanted to sleep and sent me the fuck off, so I
went to the bathroom to piss and shit too. While I was sitting on the
toilet, Timofey came up to me and asked me if I was ready for him to shit
in my mouth.

- Please Timofey don't make me do it, because I'm not ready for that.

- So, you've never sucked dick or been fucked in the ass before, and you've
never drunk piss before?

- No, I haven't.

- You see, you have to do everything for the first time, so let's try to
make a chocolate factory in your mouth?

- No Timofey, I'm not going to do that.

-Then suck my dick.

Timofey took his cock out of his pants and came close to me and I took it
in my mouth and started sucking it, and since Timofey hadn't pissed since
morning, he just started pissing in my mouth and I started drinking his
piss, which had some salty-bitter taste and was different from Stepan's
piss. Timofey, after New Year's Eve night and yesterday, became more
insolent and boorish towards me, as he realized that a little more and
grandfathers would go on demob and Stepan would become a sergeant in the
company and then he would also abuse me and no one would go against
Stepan. The stream of urine was running out and Timofey took my head in his
hands and started pumping it on his cock, while I was finishing his piss,
which had run out and now his cock started to rise and fill my mouth. His
21cm cock was resting against my throat and I swallowed it inside me and
Timothy let out a nice moan and started just fucking me in my mouth. He was
so engrossed in the process that he didn't see that other guys came in
after morning exercises and all sweaty and smelly guys wanted to piss, and
here was this picture, I was sitting on the toilet and Timofey was fucking
my throat with his dick and it looked so sexy that guys just started to
grab their crotches as their dicks started to rise, and Timofey was moaning
with pleasure and his eyes were closed.

- Hey Timofey, we would like to do this kind of exercise with this faggot
too, can you give us a seat?

Timofey opened his eyes, but he was not embarrassed that the guys had seen
him fucking me in the mouth.

- Not today, guys, I need this faggot for something important, and you're
just gonna fuck him up with your dicks.

- We'll fuck him a little bit, half a bump in the ass and dump the cum in
his mouth, and we won't do anything else with him.

Their talk confused me a lot, because there were a lot of guys and if they
all attacked me, my mouth and my ass would not be able to withstand so many
cocks and I prayed that Timofey would not let them fuck me. And Timofey
kept fucking my mouth and talking to the guys and he convinced them that
you don't have to do anything with me now, but when the demobiles leave,
then you can do whatever you want with this faggot. The guys pissed and
left, and Timofey fucked me in the mouth and left too. I was in a state of
shock, because the guys' sexual need could take over Timofey's sensible
words, and then they all together just raped me. I washed up and when it
was time to go to the mess hall, I was the last in line with my head
down. I had a separate table and separate dishes. After breakfast there was
a formation and the commander gave everyone a task to do. I was assigned to
Timofey until the evening, and in the evening, I had duty in the stoker
room. I had already begun to be afraid of Timofey, like Stepan, although
they were of the same draft, and I was considered a grandfather to them,
but they commanded me. Timofey looked at me and smiled at me in a way that
made me feel creepy and I followed him. I looked behind me at him and his
body was driving me crazy. His ass was just so sexy that I wanted to put my
hands on it and touch it and cum from pleasure. I felt like his body was
flawless and could be worshipped all the time, but at the same time there
was something about him that scared me, that I was afraid to be alone with
him. We went into the locksmith shop and Timofey told me to lock the door
and that meant to me something bad that he wanted to do to me. I closed the
door and froze in place, and Timofey sat down on a chair, looked at me and
said that you are standing there like a stranger, come in and do your
work. I understood what kind of work we were talking about and so I went
over to him, knelt down in front of him and started unbuttoning his pants.

- Faggot, you're just a catch for me, one more week and the grandfathers
will go on demob and you'll have a fun life. Bitch, how I want to rip your
ass, and I will do it until you agree to fulfill my wishes, and my main
wish you already know.

I listened to him and sucked his cock and fear filled my heart, and I
realized that Timofey would get it from me today or tomorrow, and the most
disgusting thing was that I would let him do it. Timofey was pumping my
head on his cock and his 21cm cock was walking down my throat. I had
already learned to accept his long cock and not burp, but sometimes there
were times when Timofey would quickly drive his cock into me and I wouldn't
have time to swallow it and then I could choke on it. Timofey was nearing
the end and his breathing was getting heavy and he was just tearing my ears
as he pulled my head on his cock by them. At that moment, someone pulled
the door, and since I closed it, a voice behind the door ordered it to be
opened. I immediately recognized Ivan's voice, but Timofey did not let me
go and grabbed me even harder by the ears and began to furiously fuck me in
my mouth, because he was about to cum in my mouth.

- Timofey, bitch, open the door quickly, or I'll break it down, Ivan
growled behind the door and hit it very hard.

But Timofey didn't let go of me and my head was walking on the shaft of his
cock and I realized that he must cum soon as his cock head was getting
harder and bigger and Ivan was banging on the door and Timofey shouted to
him to wait but Ivan didn't want to wait and then Timofey told him to fuck
off. These words Ivan couldn't stand some young soldier sending his
grandfather the fuck out and he kicked the door hard and it opened. Ivan
flew into the room and sees the picture that I am sucking Timofey's cock,
my ears are in his hands and he is working my head furiously and I am
kneeling in front of him and Timofey's cock is going in and out of my
mouth.

- Ivan wait a little bit, I'm going to cum in his mouth, Timofey said to,
now this faggot will get his portion and we'll talk to you.

Ivan froze at the sight of this and seemed to be able to stand up for me,
but knowing that Timofey and Stepan constantly communicate together, he did
not dare to do so, but lust started to take over him and his hand was
already on his crotch and he was rubbing his cock and at that moment
Timofey started to cum in my mouth and pulled my head so hard to his groin
that I thought he was going to rip my ears off. Timofey poured his cum down
my throat and when his orgasm began to subside, he opened his eyes and
looked at Ivan. Ivan had lust in his eyes and Timothy asked Ivan, are you
looking at it so hard that I feel like you want my cock too?

- Are you out of your mind Timofey?

- I'm not crazy, but your face says a lot, and I understand that you would
like to suck my dick?

Ivan walked over to Timofey and took him by the pecs while I watched from
the sidelines. Timofey didn't even have time to hide his cock in his pants,
and it was dangling among his legs.

- Have you lost your sense of smell, elephant? Or maybe you want me to bury
you right here?

- What are you gonna do to me? You think I don't see fags?

And before Timofey could finish his thought, Ivan hit him sharply and
quickly in the face, but Timofey was not a bad guy either and expected that
Ivan would not stand all that Timofey said about him, as he provoked him on
purpose and was ready for a fight and they started to fight each
other. They were both tall and well-built and only skill could help
someone, but since Timofey's cock was not hidden in his pants, this gave
Ivan the victory, and he threw Timofey on the floor and sat on him with his
body.

- So, who is a faggot, Ivan asked Timofey.

- You are a faggot and I will prove it.

- You obviously take a lot on yourself, but I'll put you in your place and
stretched his pants and took out his cock and began to put it in Timofey's
face.

- How do you like my dick, isn't it great? Just open your mouth Timofey,
and my cock will be in its place.

- Aren't you afraid I might bite it off? And the fact that you're sitting
on me now doesn't mean anything, because the situation can change
dramatically and I'll be sitting on you and you'll be sucking my dick.

Ivan was shocked by Timofey's insolence and slapped his face again.

-Ivan's hands squeezed Timofey's neck and he started to wheeze, but Ivan
did not let go of his hands and Timofey started to turn blue and twitch
violently, but Ivan sat on him and did not give him the opportunity to get
up or get out from under him. Timothy's hands were frantically moving
around Ivan's body but could not change anything in this situation and he
began to weaken and his hands fell down and only then did Ivan release his
hands on Timothy's throat but continued to sit on him. Timothy started to
come to his senses and when he opened his eyes and looked at Ivan, he
apologized to him and asked him to get up off of him. Ivan once again ran
his cock over Timothy's face and lips and only then did he get up off him.

- Now you are Timofey faggot and until the end of my service you will suck
my cock, you understand that?

-Yes.

- Then open your fucking mouth and start sucking my dick.

Ivan came close to Timofey and started to drive his cock on his
lips. Timofey was in no hurry to open his mouth, so Ivan grabbed his hair
and yanked it sharply.

- What did I tell you faggot to do? Quickly open your mouth or I'll piss on
you, count to three, and Ivan quickly started counting and Timofey had to
open his mouth and take his cock and start sucking it.

- You are very insolent Timofey, you don't respect your grandfather, but I
will teach you to respect me, I will put you down in public, so that
everyone can see what a faggot you are and you should be responsible for
your words.

Ivan fucked Timofey hard and he choked on his dick and burped, but Ivan
didn't pay attention and kept fucking him in his mouth and after about 15
minutes Ivan started cumming in Timofey's mouth and he had to swallow
Ivan's cum and when it was over Ivan pushed him outside like that and
warned him that one wrong word and he would be put down right in the
barracks, after that Ivan looked at me and left. For me it was strong that
Ivan stood up for me, and then as it turned out, I played no role in this
situation, just Timofey allowed himself a lot, for which he got. I cleaned
myself up and Timofey walked in. He was red as a cancer and mad as hell. He
grabbed me by the breasts and said, if you faggot tell anyone that I sucked
Ivan's dick, know that this is your last day in life and pushed me to the
floor with such hatred that I became even more afraid of him. I worked
together with him for another half a day, and he repeated from time to
time, there will be my time too, I will arrange it for you then. By two
o'clock in the afternoon we finished the work that the company commander
gave us, and I went to the medical unit, and Timofey went to the company
and warned me once again to keep my mouth shut. I came to the medical unit,
and Stepan was sitting there and the doctor told me to take off my pants
and lie down on the couch. I took off my pants and lay down on the
couch. Vasily Ivanovich came over and his hands started stroking my pussy
and it was so pleasant that I became aroused and I started to release a lot
of lubrication and he put his finger in my pussy and started to check my
insides and I melted and could hardly contain my moans.

-Stepan come here, the doctor said to him and when he came, he told him,
taste how smooth his insides are.

- Yes indeed, it's exciting, Stepan said, I even wanted to fuck him.

- So, let's not do that, I'll inject him now, and then we'll talk, said
Vasily Ivanovich to Stepan. When the doctor injected me, I got dressed and
left, and Stepan stayed with the doctor and they continued their
conversation.

Vasily Ivanovich was very excited when his finger was in my pussy and when
I left and they were left alone with Stepan, he told him to close the front
door and strip naked. Stepan closed the door and undressed and Vasily
Ivanovich showed him with his hand that he should lie belly down on his lap
and his ass should be open to his hands. Stepan lay down in this way and
the doctor began his hand movements on his body and ass. He liked Stepan
and wanted him to stay with him after the army and become an ensign and
train for it. They would then live together and no one was interested in
their relationship. Stepan obeyed the doctor and he liked him too, because
although he spanked him on the ass, it was with love, and Stepan was ready
to give himself to him completely. But he also had a grudge against his
stepfather, who fucked him, and also against Kirill and Kostya, who bullied
him very much and humiliated him in public, though not directly. Vasily
Ivanovich's dick was hard, and in fact when he touched Stepan it excited
him so much that he couldn't contain his excitement and spanked Stepan's
ass and made him suck his dick. Stepan sucked well and to be honest, he
liked sucking cock, but he didn't want to go through the humiliation he had
already gone through and so he was fine with the doctor, who also didn't
advertise his homosexuality to anyone. Stepan sucked his cock and enjoyed
it. He carefully licked the head, the piss slit and tried to put his tongue
there as much as possible. He explored the whole crotch of the doctor and
wanted to know all his sexual places and so he also licked his balls, ass
and especially his hole, which made the doctor just moan and his legs did
not want to hold him. When Vasily Ivanovich was at his sexual limit, he
pulled Stepan away from his crotch and they kissed for a long time and
their tongues roamed in each other's mouths. The doctor passed his saliva
to Stepan, and the latter in turn swallowed it and moaned, and when they
were both so excited that no one could stop them, Vasily Ivanovich put
Stepan on his knees and knelt down in front of him and began to lick his
hole. Stepan wriggled from such bliss and his mouth was half open and his
saliva just dripped on the floor and there came a moment in their foreplay
that Stepan asked to be fucked in the ass and the doctor rose up and his
cock began to penetrate Stepan and when the head passed the cherished rose,
Stepan let out a moan and moved to meet the doctor's cock. The cock entered
well and a progressive process began as the cock went in and out of
Stepan's ass. The doctor even closed his eyes from pleasure and moved his
hips, and Stepan also moved his body in time with the doctor's movements
and the cock moved faster in and out. They were both breathing hard and
sweaty from the sex and they were both happy with their position and it
suited them. Stepan liked to be under the doctor and do whatever he wanted,
though towards Nikolai Stepan was cruel, but in this situation, he was like
a child and needed love and care and Vasily Ivanovich gave it to him. The
approaching orgasm was accompanied by increased breathing and the doctor
held Stepan tightly by the hips and even put his body on his back and his
cock started to go faster and as it was approaching his unloading and his
cock swelled up hard and became very stiff and the Doctor thrust it into
Stepan's ass and his semen came out of it with force and started to fill
Stepan's ass, then another wave, a third and the Doctor drove his cock all
the way in and didn't come out of Stepan's ass until his orgasm
subsided. They stood like that, interlocked like dogs and breathing
heavily. The doctor's cock got softer and the doctor started kissing Stepan
and telling him he loved him and Stepan for the first time in all this time
also reciprocated and said he loved him too. The doctor came out of him and
Stepan got on his knees and started sucking the doctor's cock to keep it
clean and when he was done the doctor told him to get dressed and they went
to the room where the doctor was resting and eating and they drank a
hundred grams each and sat down next to each other. They were still silent
as they were under the influence of sex and when their feelings stabilized,
the doctor asked Stepan to start his story where they left off that time.

Kostya left the locker room and I sat on the bench and pondered what was in
store for me with them. The way they had wrestled with me said that it was
going to be a permanent thing, and the way the guys laughed at me
afterwards and wanted me to wrestle with them in that way made me think
that they were also turned on by what they had seen and wanted to try what
it felt like to have a cock on their partner's face and in their mouths. I
remembered that Kirill had told me to be at his place at 7pm, and I still
had homework to do, so I got up, got dressed and left the locker room. To
my surprise, Gosha was waiting for me at the exit of the school and when I
asked him what he was doing here, he told me that he was waiting for me.

- Stepan, I didn't understand anything about what happened today. What kind
of wrestling is this, when both Kostya and Kirill took you down like that,
though you wrestle not badly and they had their dicks on your face?

- I don't know how it happened, but it was very ugly, especially in front
of the guys, that they thought that I had arranged it on purpose so that
they would fight me like that.

- If you want, we can fight you too, so that you have a good wrestling
skill. I know some good moves too and I can teach you some of them. Well,
in principle, I've had a few times like that, so don't worry, I was laughed
at and fucked up, but then everything stabilized, but after that I became a
better fighter.

- Thanks Gosha, but I'm going to Kirill's tonight at 7pm and he's going to
teach me the rules of wrestling, because he thinks I lack practice.

- Well, you never refuse my services, I'm a good fighter too, and I've
often beaten Kirill, and you know it.

- Yes, I know, but now I have to do my homework and rest a little, because
I'm tired from today's training.

We were walking with Gosha and talking and agreed that we would fight him
this weekend, but I didn't know that Kirill had already planned to pick me
up for the weekend and it would be like this all the time, that I would be
at his place all weekend. We got to the dorm and I just collapsed on the
bed and just laid there for a while.

- You need a massage, Gosha told me.

- That would be nice, I said

- Well, then you should get undressed.

I stripped down to my underwear, lay on my stomach and Gosha started to
massage me. His strong hands relaxed me so much that I even started to fall
asleep from such a pleasant effect on my body and at the same time my cock
hardened, but I wanted Gosha to continue massaging me. Gosha's hand stopped
on my panties and he pulled them down as he wanted to massage my ass too,
and I didn't mind and his hands were so warm and strong that I just
involuntarily moaned and Gosha started to press his hands harder on my
ass. After relaxing me in this way, he slapped his hand on my ass and went
and sat on his bed. I opened my eyes and looked at him, and Gosha smiled at
me and said, "Does it feel good?

- Very much so, that my dick even stood up.

- Well, it happens, so don't be embarrassed. I also feel good when you wash
my back in the shower, I just don't want to embarrass you and try to think
about something else so my dick doesn't get hard.

I pulled my underwear over me and rolled over and asked Gosha if he wanted
me to give him a massage too.

- I do, but let's not do it tonight, you still have homework to do and
there's not much time left until seven o'clock tonight.

I got out of bed, sat down at the table and started to do my homework, but
it was going so badly, because I was thinking about tonight when I would be
at Kirill's and I was afraid if Kostya would be there too and it was so
tense that Gosha even saw it and he came up to me and started to massage my
neck and shoulders.

- Stjepa, you're very tense, what's wrong?

- Nothing happened, I'm just worried about today. I'm so embarrassed that
in this way I embarrassed myself when I fought with Kirill and with
Kostya. Although I was not really worried about that, but I couldn't tell
the truth to Gosha.

- Everything will be fine, I will help you, I like you as a person, do not
think anything bad.

- I didn't think anything bad about you, there's just something I can't
tell you.

- Don't get so upset, you'll find time to tell me, I know how to wait.

Gosha was massaging my neck, shoulders and I felt good and if I didn't have
to go to Kirill, his massage just relaxed me and I wanted to sleep, but the
time was approaching 7 pm and I got up, got dressed and went to Kirill's
house. As I approached Kirill's house, I put the collar around my neck and
rang the doorbell. His mom opened the door for me and told me that Kirill
was in his room. I went in, took off my shoes and went to his room. When I
got in, I immediately locked the door and started to undress. Kirill just
sat on the bed and looked at me and didn't say anything to me. I stripped
naked and stood like that and looked at him and he looked at me. About 10
minutes passed before Kirill broke the silence and told me to come over to
him. I went over to him, and Kirill stood up and looked me in the eye and
slapped me hard on the cheek.

- Do I have to teach you that when you come to me you have to undress and
crawl up to me on all fours and ask me what I want? And you faggot staring
at me and you can't understand what to do? Or do you want me to put you on
display for the whole class to see?

- Forgive me Master, I won't make such a stupid mistake again.

- Start licking my feet to make it up to me, otherwise I swear to you, I'll
have you in a circle in the locker room and all the boys will fuck you and
then you'll realize how stupid you were for not wanting to serve me well.

I moved down to his legs and started kissing and licking them and I tried
to do it carefully so that Kirill would be satisfied with me and wouldn't
tell anyone about me. I had been licking his legs for a long time when
Kirill turned to me again and asked.

- Do you jerk off a lot in a day?

- It happens up to six times, but four times is for sure.

- This is very good and Kirill extended his hand to my crotch and began to
finger my testicles in his hand and from this my cock began to rise and
when it stood already hard, Kirill let go of my testicles and asked.

- How many panties do you have?

- Besides these, there's one more pair.

- Take your panties and rip them right now.

I looked at Kirill with a dumbfounded expression on my face and couldn't
understand what he wanted from me, why would I want to rip my panties.

- I told you that I would be buying you clothes and so you will wear what I
buy you, now rip your underwear.

I walked over to my clothes and taking my underpants in my hands started
tearing them. When I tore my underpants, Kirill told me to throw them in
the trash and I went to the bathroom and threw them away.

- You don't wear underpants or jerk off until Friday and the ones you have,
you rip them like these too. For disobeying my orders, you will be publicly
dishonored.

- How will I explain to my neighbor why I'm not wearing underwear?

- I don't care very much; you'll think of something.

- And on Friday we have gym class and I have to change.

- Don't worry about that, you'll have your underwear by then. Any other
questions?

 - Negative, sir.

- Next, on Friday you come to the school with your things and right after
gym we go to my house and all weekend you will be at my place and it will
be like this all the time. No questions about that?

- No.

Kirill got up and went somewhere, he was gone for about 5 minutes and he
came back with a big skein of rope and I immediately realized that he was
going to tie me up with it and he put my hands behind my back and started
tying them and when he tied them up he put me on my stomach and lifting my
legs from behind he tied them together with my hands and I was lying on the
floor like an embryo and couldn't do anything with myself. Then Kirill tied
the rope to my balls and lay on the bed and started pulling it and
stretching my balls and it hurt so much that I started screaming and so
that his mother wouldn't hear, he came up to me, put his socks in my mouth
and taped it with tape and lay on the bed again and started pulling the
rope and my balls hurt a lot and I was mooing only and couldn't say
anything dickishly, and Kirill looked at me and pulled the rope even harder
and my balls stretched and the pain was so bad that I started to cry, but
Kirill was turned on by it and he started pulling my balls even harder. I
thought he was going to rip them off, but he decided to tie the rope to
something so that my balls would be stretched for a long time and he stood
up and tied the rope to the foot of the bed and so he stretched my balls to
the limit of my abilities and came up to me and knelt in front of me, took
off the tape and told me to suck his cock. I started sucking his cock
through the force of pain and Kirill was so horny that he cummed in my
mouth pretty quickly, but his cock wasn't going to pull out of my mouth and
I continued sucking it and without warning he started pissing in my mouth
and watching my reaction. I had to quickly readjust myself and start
swallowing his piss and when he finished pissing in my mouth he got up,
took another rope and put it through my mouth and made reins out of it and
pulled my neck back and tied it to my arms and legs and now I was all bent
backwards lying in front of him, I started to realize how many evil ideas
Kirill had and what I would have to go through.

Kirill took his phone and started taking pictures of me from all sides and
when he did he turned on the camera and pointed it at me and started
recording a video where he talked about me as his slave and that he was now
a master for me and this faggot would do whatever I told him to do and when
he was done with all that he taped my mouth shut again and taking a
champagne bottle and lubricating it he started shoving it up my ass. I
yelled, screamed, twisted around, but no one but Kirill heard my moans and
pain, and the head of the champagne went into my asshole and Kirill pushed
it in even further until it began to tear my asshole with its volume and
then Kirill stopped and looked me in the eyes.

- Now you faggot realized your mistake when you came in here and didn't
give me the respect I deserve?

I nodded my head, thinking that Kirill would stop all this and ease my
pain, but he didn't think so and after a little while he started pushing
the bottle of champagne into my asshole again and again the intense pain
filled me and I mooed and twisted, but Kirill kicked me on my stomach and
told me to shut up or he would shove the whole bottle up my ass and sharply
and I tried to be quiet and for a while Kirill left me in my room. I lay
and cried, and Kirill didn't care, as if he was not a man, but a robot, who
had no compassion. My whole body ached from being treated like this and I
didn't know when it would end. The time was half past ten, so I had been in
this state for two and a half hours and according to the idea Kirill should
release me soon and when I thought about it, Kirill's phone rang and he
started talking to someone and I realized that it was Kostya and he wanted
to come and torture me too, but Kirill told him to come back on the weekend
and we will play with this faggot, and now he will let me go and the most
important thing is that he will be without underpants until Friday and also
promised Kostya to send the pictures he took and they stopped talking.

- So, faggot, I think that for the future you have learned a lesson how to
behave properly in my presence and what you should do to avoid such
actions, although I do not guarantee that it will not happen, but there is
a chance to avoid them.



Kirill first pulled the champagne bottle out of my point, then untied me,
and I spent another fifteen minutes recovering while my body adjusted to
normal. Everything hurt and I didn't know how I was going to make it to the
dorm or what I would say to Gosha when he saw me in this state, but I got
up and slowly started to get dressed. My balls were in a very bad state as
Kirill had stretched them very badly and Kirill was sitting on the bed
watching me and not saying anything to me. Before I left I thought to
myself that I should go to Kirill and kiss his feet and after that I could
leave and when I did that and went to the door Kirill said, you see faggot,
what pain does, your brains are working better to know how to please me and
so I will do a lot more pain to you to make you obedient and meek and then
you will perceive this pain as something divine that makes you better, now
get out of here, you fucking asshole.

I slowly walked out and Kirill didn't even deign to walk me out and his mom
closed the door behind me and I went to the dorm. From such humiliation
from his side, I even forgot to take off the collar from my neck and in
such a painful state I came to my room and without talking I fell on my bed
and began to cry quietly. Gosha was not in the room and it gave me time to
release my emotions and then I undressed, took off my collar and lay in bed
naked without underwear, because I wanted my balls to rest from this
torture too. I couldn't sleep for a long time and was replaying the whole
situation in my head when Gosha came in and quietly undressed and went to
bed.

The doctor was so fascinated by Stepan's story that even taking the
telephone he called the company commander and asked if Stepan was needed,
as there was more work for him, and the commander gave permission and
Stepan stayed for some more time with the doctor and Vasily Ivanovich asked
him to continue his story.

- In the morning, I woke up and sat on the bunk. I was without underpants
and wanted to get up and get some other underpants from the closet, but I
remembered what Kirill had said and changed my mind. During the night my
balls had rested a little bit and were hurting so much, but my point was
still sore, but I could move around safely and even if they said that today
we would have a fight, I could fight, but today there would be no fight and
I could rest from it. Gosha was still asleep and his hairy body was open to
view. I hadn't even looked at him as a sexual object before, but after
Gosha gave me a massage last night, something inside me flipped. I started
to look at his chest, which was well pumped and his quiet breathing was
lifting his chest up and down. His nipples were large and free of hair and
looked very sexy against his hairy body. My gaze continued to go lower to
his underwear, which were covered with a blanket and I wanted to see what
was behind the blanket and underwear and as if Gosha, having received an
impulse from me began to turn over and the blanket fell to the side and my
gaze appeared his underwear with a boner and the boner was a decent size. I
looked at this boner for a long time, thinking about the length of my
neighbor's penis and Gosha put his hand in his underpants and scratched his
balls. I looked at it and got very distracted, forgetting that I was
sitting on the bed without underwear and lost all vigilance that Gosha
might wake up and see me like that. And while I was looking at Gosha's
body, I didn't even notice that he was looking at me with one eye and
realized that I didn't see it and with his hand, which he was using to
scratch his balls, he began to carelessly slide his underpants off and the
head of his cock appeared and he just started scratching his cock and
opened it even more to my gaze and took his hand away and just lay there
like that to see what I would do next. I didn't even move from my seat and
my gaze was fixed on what was sticking out of underpants. I wanted to get
up and touch his erect cock, but the fear that Gosha would take it the
wrong way stopped me and I got up, put on my pants and went to wash
up. Gosha had woken up by the time I got back from the shower and said
hello to me. We chatted and got ready to go to the canteen for breakfast,
and from there to the school for lessons. My ass was sore after yesterday
and when I met Kirill, he asked me what I was wearing?

-I'm not wearing any underpants, so you don't have to check me," I told
him.

- Quickly unzipped my pants and pulled my fly apart so I could see if you
had anything on under your pants.

I unzipped my pants and pulled my fly apart to show Kirill that I had
nothing else under my pants but my pants.

-Okay, you can zip up your pants. When I call you, you come quickly to me,
said Kirill and went on. It was Wednesday and the day was going normally
and Kirill didn't touch me. The last lesson was to be History class, but
the teacher was sick, and so that we didn't hang around the school, we were
told to go to physical education and we would have wrestling. The girls,
naturally, were let go and we went to the locker room. I looked
questioningly at Kirill, looking for his help in this situation, and he
smiled and said that today we would wrestle like that time, and maybe even
cooler,

and you should not resist us when we pretend to fuck you in the mouth or
ass during the struggle, but you should wrestle well, and when you change
clothes, Kostya and I would cover you, and Kirill went to his drawer to
change clothes, and I stayed by myself. The guys have already changed, and
I'm standing near my locker and don't know what to do in this situation,
and the guys come up to me and smiling ask me;

- "What are you thinking Stepan! How can we have a wrestling show today?

At that time Kirill and Kostya came up to me and the guys left me, and
Kirill said, let's change quickly. I started to take off my pants and
Kostya saw that I was without underwear.

- Oh, our faggot likes to go without underpants? It looks good on you, why
don't Kirill let him go without underpants all the time?

- No, I promised him to bring underwear for Friday, it just happened today,
but you're not offended with me Stepan, right?

- No Master, I'm not offended with you, especially since nobody knew it
would happen like this.

- And when did you become a Master already, Kostya asked Kirill.

- I had to teach him yesterday that he should respect me and obey me from
the first time.

- So that's why you didn't want me to come yesterday, and I would have
helped you raise your slave too.

- Kostya, let's get out of here, we're standing here for a long time with
our faggot.

I got changed and we went to the gym. The coach gave recommendations on
wrestling, and who should wrestle with whom. The first was me and Gosha,
then Kirill and Sergey, then Kostya and Vitya, then a number of guys, and
at the finish line are those who will win with their partner. The fight
began and Gosha and I were the first. We fought hard, and I understood that
I had to win, but the pain in my ass was making itself known, but I still
fought viciously and we are already sweating with Gosha from such a heat of
our fight and I begin to like the smell of Gosha's sweat and it gave me
strength and I knocked Gosha on his shoulder blades. We tired, sweaty, red,
breathing hard, sat down on a bench and started watching other fights. The
sexy smell of sweat from Gosha drives me crazy and I occasionally look at
him and he at me and then we watch the fight again. Kirill took down Sergey
after a bit of a struggle and now Kostya and Vitya came out to fight. They
fought well too, but Vitya beat Kostya and then all the guys took turns in
the bouts and Kirill, Vitya, me and two more guys from our group came to
the finish line. Kirill fought with one of them and came out the winner,
then I fought with another guy and beat him and now Kirill fought with
Vitya, so I fought with one of them and I had to fight with Kirill, as he
beat Vitya. Our fight was not very hard, as we were all tired already, but
I understood what Kirill was telling me and that's why I always gave him a
chance to realize what he had planned and Kirill never missed it. He put me
on my back and I lifted it, above the floor, so that I would not be counted
as a defeat and Kirill with his whole crotch lay on my face and again, like
that time, began to move his hips as if he was fucking me in the mouth with
his cock and we continued to fight as if nothing had happened. He simulated
this kind of sex with me three times in this way, and then he adjusted
himself from behind me and now he was kind of fucking my ass and I could
feel his dick getting hard. The guys were whistling, giving remarks on how
to fuck me better and someone even yelled that we should have wrestled
naked so it would be more spectacular. Our wrestling ended with Kirill
laying me on the floor with his crotch on my face, thus registering my
defeat. The coach said that the fight was over and Kirill won, then he got
up from me and corrected his form, because his cock was standing up and it
was impossible to hide it. The guys started clapping their hands and
whistling, and when Kirill came up to them, they started slapping his
shoulder and pointing their finger up, and the guys pointed their fingers
down at me and hit me on the ass with their palms. We sat down on a bench
and the coach gave some recommendations and said that next Friday would be
the qualifying round for the regional competition and everyone should be
well prepared, especially me and Kirill assured the coach that he would
take me as a patron and pull me up this weekend. Gosha looked at Kirill so
badly, and he just gave him a middle finger and turned away from him. Coach
let everyone go and we went to the showers. The guys reeked so strongly of
sweat and sexuality that I was afraid to look directly at their dicks. They
were joking, laughing, slapping each other on the ass and there was nothing
wrong with that, but my mind started to fail me and I saw the image of
Kirill, Kostya, Denis, who knew about me and at any moment could call me to
them and fuck me either in the mouth or in the ass or in both my holes at
once and my dick started to tense up and I was afraid that it would get
hard and then what would I do with a boner?

- Hey Stepan, come here, Kirill waved his finger at me, why are you
standing there like a native.

- He's afraid that you'll fuck him like a wrestler, shouted Vitya and the
guys next to him laughed again.

I went to Kirill and stood next to him.

- You wrestled well today, Kirill told me, but I want you to suck my dick
right now.

- The guys are standing next to me, they can see.

- I told you that as long as you listen to me and do what I tell you, you
don't have to worry about that. I'm going to turn my back to them as if I'm
washing my private parts, and you're going to suck me off quickly, is that
clear?

- Yes Master, understood.

I went deep into the stall and Kirill turned to me in front, and I knelt
down in front of him and took his cock in my mouth and started sucking
it. Kirill's dick got up fast and I tried to suck him fast and Kirill just
got into the taste and took my head in his hands and started fucking me in
his mouth and not paying attention to the fact that the guys could
understand what was going on there. He came really fast, as he was excited
by our fight and after pouring his cum in my mouth he turned around and
coming out of the shower told me to take my time getting out of here, as
Kostya wanted to spend time with me. I washed for a long time until all the
guys were out of the shower room and no one was left and then Kostya came
over to me, took me by the hair and dragged me to the middle of the shower
room and put me on his knees. He was driving my face over his crotch and
pressing it hard. He was in no hurry to cum with me, he liked the game
itself and so our foreplay dragged on. My face was red from the fact that
Kostya drove it on his crotch and he said about me that I was a fucker,
faggot, cocksucker, whore, slut, slut and at times hit my face and spit in
it. When he had played with me in this way, he ordered me to open my mouth
and take his cock head in my mouth, but not to suck it and when I did,
Kostya started pissing in my mouth and ordered me to drink it all. I drank
his piss and looked into his eyes, that's how he ordered me to always look
into his eyes when he pissed in my mouth.

- Good whore, obedient, I like that. Now suck my dick like your life
depends on it.

I started sucking his cock with passion and Kostya grabbed my hair on my
head and used it to regulate the movement of my head on his cock. I thought
he was just going to rip my hair out; with such force he was driving my
head on his cock. Then he pushed me away and I fell to the floor and looked
at him bewildered.

- Why are you fagot looking at me like that, quickly stood up doggy style,
I'm going to fuck you in the ass.

I got up and stood upright, and Kostya spit on his cock and started driving
it into my ass. It hurt, but Kostya didn't look at it, he wanted sex, and
like an animal he drove his cock into me and started fucking me fast. He
fucked like a hungry man, so much passion was in him that he devoted all
his energy to this sex. After 10 minutes he started panting, his cock
became very hard and he started cumming in me. I had never seen a beast
like Kostya before. His cum was flooding my asshole and his cock was
throbbing inside me. When his orgasm subsided, he let go of me and his cock
came out of my ass and a feeling of emptiness filled me. I wanted him to
put his dick in me again, but he walked to the shower on weak legs and
beckoned me with his finger, and I walked over to him too.

- Faggot you have had your portion today and so you can be free until
tomorrow, but now you will suck my cock and you can go.

I knelt down and started sucking his cock and after a couple minutes Kostya
pushed me away and told me I was free to go. I went to my locker, got
dressed and went to my dorm. Gosha was lying on his bed and when he saw me
so tortured, he got up from the bed and asked me what happened?

- I'm exhausted from wrestling today and I just don't have the energy for
anything.

- Do you want me to give you a massage?

- That would be nice, I told him, forgetting that I wasn't wearing any
underwear, so I took off my outer clothes and lay down on the bed with my
belly down.

Gosha came over and sat next to me and started massaging my back. He did it
very well and I started to relax from everything I had been through today
and passed out I didn't even realize how I had fallen asleep. I woke up
late at night, under the covers, and Gosha was sitting at his bedside
playing on his phone.

- "Ahhh, woke up," he told me when he saw that I started to move.

- Yes, Gosha thank you, I just passed out.

- I took you some food so you wouldn't be hungry, and I'll turn on the
kettle.

- I'm going to go to the toilet, I have to piss.

Gosha heated up the food and put it on the table and when I got there, he
had already made tea.

- Do you have anything stronger than tea?

- Do you want a drink? What, you feel so bad?

- Yes, Gosha, I feel bad and I'd like a drink, I answered him.

Gosha opened his nightstand and took out a bottle of wine.

- That's a good topic, I told him and we started to eat.

The wine was good, especially since it was his homemade wine, his father
makes it himself, and we quickly finished the bottle. We were so drunk and
contented, and Gosha hugged me and told me that he loved me.

- Come on buddy, what do you mean, I asked him.

- That I like you, I already told you, what were you thinking?

- Nothing, I just wanted to know.

We talked for a long time and I looked at Gosha and got excited and offered
to give him a massage.

- Now I don't mind, but I want you to give me a good massage, and Gosha
took off his shirt and T-shirt and lay on his stomach.

I sat on top of him and started massaging him. As I worked on his body and
plus the fact that we had been drinking, I started to get more unbridled
than before and my hands started to go down to his ass and I asked him to
take off his pants. Gosha did it very easily and even said he could take
off his underpants to make it even more pleasurable for him and I agreed
and now I am sitting on top of Gosha and he is naked under me and I am
massaging him and his beautiful ass is not left without my hands and I am
already very horny and I want Gosha to turn over to see his hard cock
because he is also horny because he was correcting it during the massage.

- Now give me a massage on my chest, Gosha said and started to roll over.

I lifted myself up to make it comfortable for him to roll over and when he
lay on his back, I could see his boner. I even froze a little at what I saw
Gosha asked, how do you like my dick?

- Fuck, it's fucking amazing and involuntarily I took it in my hand and ran
it around.

His cock was overgrown too, but it was still beautiful. Uncircumcised, a
little crooked to the right side, large veins on it and when I pulled his
skin and opened his head, it was large, oval and not pointy like mine. His
balls matched the length of his cock beautifully and I took them in my
hands and massaged them and Gosha moaned and then I ran my hand through his
hair around his cock and it felt so good that I started stroking his crotch
with both hands and my drool started filling my mouth and I started
swallowing it. Gosha's cock was about 18 cm and it was thick and I was
mesmerized by the sight of it that I didn't even realize how I bent down to
him and licked his head with my tongue.

- Keep it up, Gosha told me, this will stay, between us.

I once again ran my tongue over his head, and then I just swallowed his
cock with my mouth and the peculiar smell drove me crazy, and I am already
like a mad sucker of his cock and do not even think about what will happen
afterwards, when everything is over and how I will look into Gosha's eyes
and how he will behave towards me. My head was working frantically with his
cock and my hands were working with his testicles and Gosha asked me to
lick his balls, but I told him that if he wanted me to lick his balls, he
should shave them and started sucking his cock again, which was throbbing
and ready to discharge in my mouth at any moment. By inertia my hand went
between his legs and I started to work my finger near his hole, and Gosha
exploded in my mouth and his cum flew out of it quickly. I liked the taste
of his cum and I swallowed it with pleasure and did not hurry to take his
cock out of my mouth and part with his cock, because I did not know when I
would have such an opportunity to suck this beautiful cock next
time. Gosha's orgasm subsided, his cock stopped spewing semen and the
throbbing stopped, but I kept holding his cock in my mouth and when I also
calmed down from it, I raised my head and looked at Gosha. His face was
calm and satisfied and I looked at him nervously, waiting to see what he
would say to me afterwards, but Gosha pulled me to lie next to him and
hugged me.

- Stjepa you can be calm, I'm not going to tell anyone or speculate about
it, but I'll tell you right away I really liked it and I'd like to ask you,
where did you learn to suck so well?

- It's a long story and I'd like to forget it and if you don't mind, I'd
rather not talk about anything today.

- Okay, whatever you say, I won't insist, but could you sleep with me
tonight?

- Won't I embarrass you?

- No, don't worry about that and it's late, let's go to bed.

I stayed in his bed and Gosha put his arms around me and we fell asleep. In
the morning, I woke up to Gosha's cock resting against my ass, but I lay
quietly and was afraid to move. He hugged me even tighter and pressed his
cock hard into my ass and made a movement as if he was fucking me in my
ass, considering that I was also without underwear. There's a difference in
the same thing, that when it's done by someone you like and when you're
just being used for your sexual needs. I would have given myself to Gosha,
since I liked him, but felt I had better get up now and I quietly crawled
out of his embrace, put on my gym pants and went to wash up. When I got
there, Gosha was still in bed, but he was looking at me and I was
embarrassed by his gaze and lowered my eyes to avoid looking at him.

- Come here, Gosha said to me.

I walked over to him.

- I realize that we got drunk last night and we had this situation. But to
be honest, I don't even know what I should do with you and how I should
communicate with you now.

- Gosha, you said yesterday that you wouldn't say anything to anyone.

- That was yesterday, and now I need to think. And tell me Stepan, your
fight with Kirill and Kostya, is it an accident that they're rubbing their
dicks on your face? Maybe you like it, because yesterday you sucked my dick
very professionally.

- What are you thinking of doing with me now, I said to Gosha with my head
down.

- I haven't decided yet, but while you're with Kirill this weekend, I'll
have time to think it over, and now while we still have time before
breakfast, I want you to suck my dick and it has to be done quickly.

I realized that I was caught on another hook, that in sexual excitement a
guy can promise anything and then just use it for his own purposes and I
started to ask Gosha not to tell anyone for me.

- Will you do anything for me, what I tell you?

- Yes, Gosha, I'll do anything for you.

-First you suck my dick, and then I'll decide what to do with you, and
until I decide what to do, I won't tell anyone for you now. Well get to
work, because breakfast is coming up and I'd like to get a load off you.

I walked over to him and I had no choice but to start sucking his cock and
I opened my mouth and plunged his cock in there. I sucked fast so that
Gosha still had time to wash up and go to breakfast, and Gosha cummed in my
mouth pretty quickly, got dressed and went to wash up. I sat on the bunk
and waited for him; my feelings were conflicted. My pressure would now be
not only from Kirill's side, but now from Gosha's side as well, and being
in a depressed state, I didn't hear Gosha come in.

- What are you sad faggot, you already miss my dick, so now I know that you
will be satisfied, so get dressed and let's go to breakfast.

I didn't know if I should go with him together or separately, but Gosha
defined our relationship by the fact that for now everything would be as it
was, and then we'll see

 and we went to the dining room and sat at the same table and ate.

- As long as you keep your word that you will do for me whatever I tell
you, then I will keep my word and everything will remain in force, but if
you break it, it means you set me up, and I don't like to be set up, Gosha
told me and we went to lessons.

The day went well and when I was on my way home, Kirill reminded me that
tomorrow I had to go to lessons with my things, because after them you
would come straight home to me.

- Can I ask you something Master?

- What did you want to know from me faggot?

- Tomorrow is gym class, and you promised me underpants.

- Don't you trust me to take care of you?

- No master, I didn't mean to question your concern, but I'm still walking
around without underpants and I'd like to have them.

- Remember faggot and never ask me such questions again, that if I promised
you that I would take care of you, now it is not your headache but mine,
and you on your part must always please me to have my encouragement, is
that clear?

- Yes, Master. Understood. I apologize for bothering you with such an empty
question.

- Remember that, you miserable scumbag and know how to wait for your
master's favor, now get the fuck out of here and don't annoy me with your
looks.

I went to the dorm and I didn't know what tomorrow would bring me, but I
was about to meet Gosha and what he would demand from me, I didn't know
either, so I came to my room with a sad look and saw that Gosha was going
somewhere and looked at me and told me not to wait for him, as he would be
late and you could go to bed. Gosha left and I just lay on the bed for a
while thinking about tomorrow. I wanted to believe that Kirill would really
take care of me, but something told me that he was cooking something nasty
and I would have to participate in it. Being in such a state, I slowly fell
into sleep and slept through dinner and 10 pm I woke up to go to the
bathroom. Gosha wasn't there yet so I undressed and went to bed. Since I
was not wearing underpants, I was lying naked in my bed and if Gosha would
ask me a question why I was lying naked and not wearing underpants, I did
not have a ready answer, but Master had promised me underpants tomorrow, I
did not bother to think of a reason why I did not have them and went back
to sleep. I dreamed that Gosha came to my bed, hugged me and started
talking to me.

He smelled of alcohol, but I was not disgusted by it, and his hot body
excited me and his hot hard cock pressed against my ass.

- I want to fuck you Stjepa, so don't twitch, but relax your ass and let my
cock into you, so it will be easier for you and his cock pressed into me
and his hands began to spread my buns in different directions, so that his
cock had a good passage into my hole. Gosha's moistened finger entered me
and it felt so good that I even let out a moan, then his cock started its
entry into me and caused me pain and I woke up, but the pain did not go
away and the reality that Gosha was lying in my bed was obvious.

- Don't stop me, Gosha said to me, I will fuck you anyway, only it can be
easier or painful, it's your choice.

- I will not prevent you from doing it and relaxed my ass.

Gosha started pushing his cock into me again and his head entered my hole
and it hurt and I asked him to wait until I got used to it. Gosha waited a
little bit and started pushing his cock into me again and almost half of
his cock was already in and he just started fucking me little by little and
his cock slowly entered me fully and when my ass got used to his cock,
Gosha started to make deeper movements and the speed of his cock started to
increase. I was also starting to get into a pleasant state and even began
to lift my ass so that Gosha's cock could enter me more and Gosha,
realizing my actions, told me to get in the rack and when I stood in front
of him in the rack, he slammed his hand on my ass and drove his cock in. He
fucked me nice and pleasantly, not like Kirill and Kostya did and my head
went down and my legs started to shake because I was getting into
euphoria. Gosha held me by my hips and then realizing that it would be
better to put me on my stomach so that it would be easier for him, he let
me go and I stretched out on the bed and Gosha lay on top of me and again
his dick polished my hole and I under his weight on my body started to gasp
from sex and an indescribable action happened to me, and I started to cum
on my bed without the help of my hands and my strong moan of pleasure
filled the room and it touched Gosha and he started to discharge in my ass
and cum started to fill my colon and I gave in and cried from such a
high. Gosha was pouring his cum into me and he didn't even realize that I
was crying, and when his orgasm was over, only then he realized that I was
crying and asked me what happened to me?

- I just felt good from having sex like that and the emotions filled me and
I couldn't hold back.

We were still lying together as I asked Gosha not to leave me and he
started to fall asleep in my bed and I decided that it would be even better
and fell asleep with him. In the morning, we woke up and something happened
between us yesterday, and I noticed that Gosha's attitude towards me became
a little warmer than it was before, but still I was a faggot for him, and
he hadn't made a decision about me yet and I had to wait until Monday to
find out what he thought about me and how we would live in the same room
together. Ahead of me was a new day and weekend with Kirill and what he was
up to, I found out later.

- Yes Stepan - that's what you got into the meat grinder, I even feel sorry
for you, said Vasily Ivanovich. But what do you plan to do after the army?

- First, I want to find my mother, and then we'll see.

- Wouldn't you like to stay in the army and be a warrant officer?

- No, I haven't thought of that yet.

- Well, you'd better get going, and we'll talk about this later.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Sun, 29 Dec 2024 20:09:13 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 12 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me
at: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to Nifty.
https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army part 12

Stepan had two things on his mind this New Year's Eve, the first was to
punish me to the fullest and to put Stasik down so that all the spirits
would fuck him and he would be under their thumb because he had fucked
Yura, because Gena made him do it and when Stepan came to the barracks and
didn't find Stasik, he went to look for him and he was in the motor pool
where they talked to him and Stepan had done his job and now he had to get
ready for the second thing, the New Year celebration itself. He knew that
the grandfathers in the wardroom today would celebrate the new year, and he
would take all the spirits and Stasik and they would go to the stoker room
and there with me they would celebrate until morning, because on the first
of January, no officer would come to the unit, because they had put the
grandfathers in charge of this business, and the grandfathers in charge of
the young men, and Stepan would not be interrupted in doing his
business. Stepan found Fedya and talked to him about his business and that
he needed three bottles of vodka and a snack and he and Fedya went to the
canteen, where Stepan took a snack, and Fedya sent the young soldier to the
store, who brought three bottles of vodka, and Stepan brought it all to the
stoker and left it in the room. Just the sight of him made my heart feel
creepy, and I realized that this New Year's Eve night would be creepy for
me and with a silent look at Stepan, who left without saying anything. I
went up to Misha and told him that I had a bad feeling and he told me that
he had one too and I should get ready for it. Misha always had something in
reserve, like a pipe or some kind of club and he kept such things with him
and in case of an emergency he could use them and he put them not far from
him and when I talked to him he told me, I'd rather go to jail for that
bastard, but he'd like this new year for sure, the only thing Misha didn't
know was how many people would be in the stoker's room this new year, he
thought Stepan would be the only one here. Time went by and the closer the
time got to 12 at night, the more anxious I became. I would have liked to
talk to Misha, but the conversation was not going well, and I was immersed
in my own anxious thoughts and waited with dread for Stepan to come. Misha
could see that he was also worried and did not even try to get me out of
this state, because he understood what consequences could be this night and
he was preparing for the worst. In the barracks everything went on as usual
and everyone went about their business. The grandfathers occupied the
wardroom and prepared everything for the new year. All the spirits had
received Stepan's instructions and were ready to go with him to the New
Year celebrations and Stepan warned Stasik once again that he was going
with him and there would be 20 men left in the barracks to keep order. The
grandfathers left half an hour earlier and then Stepan raised all the
spirits and Stasik, and they also left. Zhenya wanted to go with them, but
Stepan told him to stay and keep order in the barracks, maybe he would be
useful for something and left. Stepan, Stasik and all the spirits went into
the stoker room, and Stepan told me to go with them, and Mishi said that if
you Uzbeks interfere with us, I'll wipe you in powder, and clasped his hand
in a fist and showed it to him and left. We all went into the room
together, Stepan got a snack, vodka, and told me to strip down to my
underwear and kneel down and wait for his order. I stripped down to my
underwear and they sat down to drink and celebrate the new year and when
they had already drunk twice, Stepan told the spirits to strip completely
and he gave me to them so that they fucked me well and hard and if someone
did not do it, then everyone would fuck him. My underpants came off and all
the spirits saw that I had a cunt instead of a dick and started stroking it
with their hands and it turned them on so much that they just jumped on me
with their boners and threw me on the floor and someone started putting his
dick in my cunt and fucking me. The others offered different options to use
me productively, but the first guy who fucked me told them that until he
fucked me no other positions were out of the question and the guys stood
there jerking their dicks. Stepan was sitting on a chair also naked and
called Anton to him and sat him on his lap with his back to him and his
cock was outside and touching Anton's balls. Stepan was talking to Anton
and reminded him that he would be his right hand but he had to let Stepan's
cock in his ass and during their whole conversation, Stepan stroked Anton
and got him very aroused and Anton gave in and Stepan put him on his knees
and started driving his big cock up his ass. Anton suffered from this and
even let out a scream and the guys turned around and saw that Stepan was
about to fuck Anton and even clapped their hands that they had another
prostitute, but Stepan told them to concentrate on their object and started
fucking Anton who was squirming from the invasion of such a big and thick
cock in his ass. Stepan fucked Anton and offered to fuck Stasik later, but
Anton said maybe later, as his ass hurt so much right now. The first
soldier had cum in me and now the guys positioned me in such a way that
they could fuck me in three holes at once. I was lying on my side and one
guy was fucking me in my mouth, another in my cunt and the third in my ass
and now their fun was complete and they were spurring one another on and
cumming fast in my holes. After them the other guys started their process
and again, they fucked me in all my holes and I was starting to hurt and
until they all fucked me, I was moaning under them and wanted a break and
it came when they sat down at the table and poured themselves drinks
again. They were saying that this new year was the best they had ever had,
and I was lying on the floor, coming to my senses from this invasion of me
in three holes at once. Stepan sat sideways and just watched everything, he
didn't drink, he had the task to put Stasik down and when the guys drank,
he told them to start fucking me again. But now they fucked me for a long
time as they had just poured their cum into me and they needed more time to
repeat it and that's where my torment began, when I was all fucked up by
their cocks and they start their circle of action again. Stepan wasn't
fucking me and I couldn't understand why? My young cunt was already sore
from their cocks and the movement of lubricant started to stop and I was
getting more and more sore, but the guys were already drunk and they were
not interested in anything that touched me, because they got an order from
Stepan to fuck me very hard and I started to howl and tears started to flow
from me, but they laughed at me and continued to fuck me hard. At that time
Stepan again suggested Anton to fuck Stasik, and Anton went up to Stasik
and told him directly that he was going to fuck him in the ass. Stasik was
shocked at this information and looked at Stepan, and he just shrugged and
showed his hands to fuck him. There was a fight between Stasik and Anton
and Stepan told the spirits to help Anton and fuck Stasik in all the slits
and they left me and attacked Stasik and started fucking him in the ass,
and he screamed from such violence and then Stepan's dick entered his mouth
and he drove it deep into his throat and Stasik started to burp and gasp,
but Stepan held him tightly by the hair and Stasik could not break free and
when he started to lose consciousness, only then Stepan pulled his dick out
of his throat and Stasik came to his senses. When he was fucked in the ass,
Stepan came up to him and asked him, "Now do you understand why we fucked
you?"

- No, I don't understand, Stasik replied, panting.

- Do you remember Yura, whom you fucked?

- But I had nothing to do with it, Gena told me to do it.

- And now I tell you what to do with you and you will walk under me and God
forbid you disobey me, then all these guys will fuck you in the ass again
and maybe under different circumstances, now get dressed and get the fuck
out of here and you saw nothing and know nothing, understand?

- Yes Stepan, understood and Stasik quickly got up, got dressed and left,
and the guys sat down to drink again, and I lay on the floor and was afraid
of the consequences, because not everything was finished with me, and they
were getting more and more drunk and started to get violent, which was in
Stepan's favor. I started to ask Stepan not to fuck me at least in my
pussy, because I had run out of lubricant, and they were just fucking me
dry and I was already in a lot of pain. Stepan didn't answer me anything,
and I just started crying and begging him hard, and Stepan told the guys to
fuck him, I was tired of listening to his childish babble, and they as a
team put me in the rack and started fucking me again. They fucked me long,
hard and tough and my scream was like that of a wounded animal and at that
moment Misha came in and started beating them all with a prepared
baton. Some of them had their legs broken, some of them had their arms
broken, and they were just dumbfounded and could not do anything to him,
because everyone got a lot and the last one in front of him was Stepan and
Misha also hit him in the legs with a baton, and he fell on the floor and
howled, because Misha had broken one of his legs.

- Now quickly gather your things and get the fuck out of here, I give you a
minute to do it, and who will not have time to go out, again will get my
baton and your fool Stepan also take away from here, otherwise I'm going to
smash his skull.

The spirits quickly grabbed their things and who could get out of the
stoker and Stepan they took under their arms and left with him, who was
screaming in pain. An hour later the grandfathers came in and the showdown
began. Misha explained the situation to them, but they didn't want to
listen to him and a fight broke out between them. It was good that they
were all drunk and Misha took them all down with his baton, I don't know
where he got so much strength from, but it was obvious that he fought them
desperately. After a while they got up and left and did not touch us, and
Stepan was splinted and waited for the doctor who came to look at his leg
and sent him to the hospital. Misha was preparing for the worst, as he knew
that Stepan would be acquitted again, and he would come out guilty for
having organized the fight. None of the officers wanted to make a fuss
about it and everything settled down as Misha thought. I went to the doctor
and he examined me carefully and prescribed me some ointment to lubricate
my labia, which were very inflamed after that New Year's Eve night, he
asked me how it was and when I told him everything, he injected me with
hormones and let me go. I was afraid to show up at the barracks because all
the guys in our company hated me, but I had to go to the barracks and when
I got there Fedya called me over and told me to kneel down. I went to him
and knelt down and he started talking to me.

- Listen faggot, you're the reason for all the problems in our company and
we have to get rid of you. First of all, you and the Uzbek must be
separated and that's why Zhenya will work with you in the stoker, and we'll
take the Uzbek away somewhere and then we'll have order in the company, now
get the fuck out of here before I break your face.

I got up and left quickly so as not to piss Fedya off and sat on my bed and
didn't know what I was going to do. I would have gone outside, but it was
very cold and I didn't have to go to the stoker until the evening. I sat on
the bed and stupidly looked at the floor, for me separation from Misha was
the biggest tragedy, and I did not even notice how Zhenya came up to me and
began to tell me.

- What Varvara miss your Uzbek? Now I will replace him, and we will work
together, and now suck me.

I did everything machine-like, as if I were a zombie. I unzipped his pants,
took out his cock and started sucking it. I didn't care who was in the
barracks anymore, I was shit to them all, and they could do whatever they
wanted to me, and no one stood up for me. I sucked on Zhenya's cock and was
even a little glad that I would be with him in the stoker, as he treated me
a little better. He cummed in my mouth and hiding his cock in his pants
said we'd be out in an hour and left. I sat on the bed for that hour and
didn't even move anywhere and when Gianni came over and told me to go with
him, I got up and walked away. My head was down and I looked under my feet
and stupidly followed Zhenya and when we came to the stoker room, then
Misha handed over the object to Zhenya and left, and he and I were left
alone.

Right after Misha left, Zhenya closed the door and hid the key so that I
didn't know where he was and didn't run away. Negative thoughts came back
to me and I wanted to kill myself.

- Did Varvara miss me?

- Yes, I missed him, I answered, because I knew he didn't expect any other
answer.

- So, now you strip naked and I will work on your labia, or God forbid they
will overgrow and you will leave me without dessert.

I undressed and stood naked in front of him and Gianni walked around me a
few times and his hands were on my body and arousing me.

He stopped in front of me and looking at my face, his hand stroked my cunt
and stuck his finger in it and I got lubrication and Zhenya started to get
aroused. His cock was spreading his fly so much that I reached out my own
hand and took hold of his cock and he was so horny that I unzipped his
pants and lowered them to the floor. I looked into his eyes too and stroked
his cock and balls and Zhenya's arousal was at an all-time high and he put
his hands on my shoulders and pressed me to my knees and his cock was in
front of my eyes as I knelt in front of him.

- Open your mouth, I can't wait any longer, Zhenya told me, and I opened my
mouth and his cock just burst into it.

It hit my throat, as I didn't expect that from him, and I choked and
coughed. Zhenya waited until I coughed and again his cock entered me up to
my balls and he started to fuck me hard in my mouth and I just had to
swallow his cock in time for it to go down my throat. Zhenya cummed fast
and when his cum was filling my stomach, he held my head very tightly and
pressed me to his crotch and I endured as long as I could and I was already
short of air and he did not think to remove his cock from me and I began to
twitch nervously and Zhenya as if came to his senses and let me go a
little, but he did not take his cock out of my mouth. I continued sucking
it and after a while the piss hit my mouth and I started drinking
it. Zhenya pissed in my mouth and only then pulled his cock out of it.

- Fuck Varvara you are just a smart girl and I am lucky to be with you
until Stepan comes back. My job is to work with you and I won't hurt you,
but you have to do everything for me, is that clear?

- Yes, I understand.

Zhenya always treated me like a girl and he didn't give a fuck who was
around, I was just a whore he was fucking and so my service to him must
always be good, otherwise Stepan would come and ask me for it. Zhenya
treated me well when I serviced him to the fullest and I'd rather be with
him than with Stepan who just oppressed me and was never satisfied with me.

- So, Varvara I am going to rest a little now and you watch the stoker and
collapsed on the bed and soon fell asleep. I was in the stoker and thought
about my life and began to remember how it started and if I hadn't fallen
for Egor, then none of this would have happened in my life, but on the
other hand, when I was with Misha and Ivan, I liked it because they treated
me well and even Misha wouldn't mind marrying me, but Stepan fucked up my
life and now I was the last stooge in the company and no one wanted to deal
with me. I began to think for Ivan, why he stopped communicating with me
and never stood up for me. One Misha had stood up for me, and I knew how
risky it was for him, but he wasn't afraid of the consequences he might
have, but Ivan, who had treated me so well in the beginning, suddenly
stopped noticing me. Sometimes he would even lower his eyes when he saw me
and walk quickly past me, but I didn't make friends with him, though I
wished I had his support and concluded that all he wanted was sex, and
since circumstances had changed, he was willing to sacrifice sex for his
position. I did not resent him, because not everyone can withstand such
pressure, and I was also on the verge of a breakdown and this month without
Stepan gave me a bit of a break to be ready for even worse
circumstances. During this month Zhenya even got sympathy for me, when we
were alone and while fucking me in my pussy, he started kissing me and our
kiss was just amazing.

- So, no one can know that you and I kissed, you understand?

- Of course, I'm not a little kid.

But that little happiness came to an end when Stepan was discharged from
the hospital a month later and now Stepan took his place instead of Zhenya.

-So, faggot, I see you relaxed while I was away, huh?

- No, Stepan, I didn't relax.

- Well, why aren't you on your knees in front of me?

- Please forgive me, I really forgot and kneeled in front of him.

-Yes, scum now I will educate you harshly since you got off your hands and
let you not kneel in front of me.

- Please, my master, I will not allow such an oversight again, I begged.

- Of course you won't, because I will now punish you for even the slightest
offense and now you have to swallow my dick into yours fucking throat and
hold it there for so long until you lose consciousness from my dick and
Stepan came up to me. I unbuttoned his pants and took his cock in my mouth
and swallowed it down my throat and Stepan grabbed me by the hair and
pressed my mouth hard against his crotch and his cock started to grow in my
throat and close the airflow and I couldn't breathe anymore and I looked at
him with pitiful eyes and he looked at me and smiled and in his evil smile
there was interest in watching how I looked like in such a situation and I
started to twitch and my face became red and tears flowed from my eyes, and
Stepan held me so tightly that I couldn't even get out of his arms and I
started to lose consciousness and my eyes went round and some image
appeared in front of me and I saw him in a fog and something like hands
grabbed me by the throat and hissed in my face and his breath was so
disgusting that I thought I was going to die from it, but it turned me
upside down and his hand started to enter my asshole. The pain was so
intense that I started to scream and it laughed in my face and shoved its
hand sharply into my asshole and I lost consciousness. When I came to my
senses, I was lying on the floor and Stepan was sitting next to me and
looking at me.

- Well, faggot, have you come to your senses?

It was hard for me to speak and I just waved my head and Stepan said, let's
continue your training and lifted me up and again his cock entered my
throat and again everything was repeated from the beginning. He repeated
with me five times and when I couldn't speak or move, he left me for a
while and went away. Instead of him Zhenya worked, and Stepan did whatever
he wanted, and already closer to night he put me on my knees and his huge
and thick cock entered my asshole. Fuck how much it hurt, but Stepan
enjoyed my pain and fucked my ass with such enthusiasm that you could envy
him. He was tearing my asshole and I thought that if he fucked me, he would
leave me alone for a while, but I was wrong Stepan started to realize his
plan to destroy me and called Zhenya and told him to lie on the floor and
me to sit on his cock and when I did that Stepan from behind started to
drive his cock into my asshole where Zhenya's cock was and I started to
scream. Stepan hit me on the head and told me to shut up, but the pain was
stronger than me and I couldn't shut up and then Stepan gave my underwear
to Zhenya and he put them in my mouth and Stepan started to put his cock in
my ass again. His cock entered my asshole with great pain and I screamed
with pain, but I couldn't do anything about it and Stepan put his cock
completely inside me and he and Zhenya started fucking me in my ass. Stepan
was in ecstasy and fucked me hard and he and Zhenya tore my asshole and it
was bleeding, but Stepan didn't pull his cock out until he was done. They
fucked me and pulled their cocks out of my ass and left me lying on the
floor howling in pain. How long I lay there I don't remember, but Stepan
came into the room again and ordered me to suck his cock, and I did it to
him with great difficulty.

- This is for you for not respecting me as your master, and if you still
show your character to me, I will invite all the spirits and then you will
remember New Year's Eve again and now Uzbek will not help you and we will
tear your holes to make you humble yourself before your master.

- I have understood everything my master and now I will not allow myself to
be willful with you or anyone else who will use my services on your behalf.

- This is already a decent answer of a slave, but I do not admire words
that are not backed up by deeds and so let's see you in deed when I want
something special and if you don't do it, I'll just kill you and then you
won't need words as you have broken them by your behavior and remember what
you just told me and don't break them and now open your mouth I have to
piss. I opened my mouth and Stepan pissed in it.

- And remember, you are always my personal toilet and if you piss me off, I
will shit in your mouth, do you understand that?

- Yes, my master, I understand.

My first day with Stepan was hard, he oppressed me in different ways, and
the fact that he fucked me in the ass with two dicks was very hard for
me. I was sore from that day, but Stepan hadn't fucked me in the ass for a
week and let it heal, but now he was fucking me in my pussy and breaking it
more and more, and it eventually stretched to fit his cock and I felt a
little better after that, and so did my ass. But Stepan did not rest on one
thing and always found different ways to influence me and after two weeks,
when my ass was healed, he took all the spirits and they fucked me all
night again and no one could protect me and the young soldiers fucked me so
hard that my cunt and ass were like dumplings, so inflamed was I. By the
time the demobiles had to leave the army, because their service time was
coming to an end, Stepan had already humbled Yura and Stasik and they
always did what Stepan told them to do, but Stepan also had to humble Ivan,
because he was also a threat to him, if they ran into each other and
Stepan's action caused Ivan to contradict him, so Stepan hatched his plan,
how to frame Ivan, so that then on the basis of these cases, he could fuck
Ivan in the ass and make a faggot out of him, so that everyone in the
company knew for him that he was a faggot and then Ivan would have no voice
in the company and then Stepan would become one strong man in the company
and no one would be able to say anything against him and his leadership in
the company and Stepan had one more month in reserve to carry out the plan.

I went to the doctor the next day, and he examined me and shook his head,
but he didn't say anything to me, but gave me an injection and let me
go. In the afternoon Misha was on duty in the stoker room, and in the
evening, I was to be on duty with Stepan, but in the meantime I went to my
company and went to bed. Stepan came to see the doctor because he called
him to see him.

- So, what did you do on New Year's Eve?

- Nothing, just watching from the sidelines.

- I asked you not to touch Nikolai, but you put him in the hands of eight
soldiers, and they just raped him to the fullest, don't you feel sorry for
him?

- No one felt sorry for me either and as you can see doctor I survived.

- Then can you continue your story from the point when the winter break
ended and you went to a new semester?

Kostya always persistently set Kirill against me and invented all sorts of
nasty things, and Kirill changed towards me, he became more rude and even
allowed himself in the presence of guys to touch my ass and said as if in
jest that I was a fag, and I kept silent, because I had nothing to say. We
went to the gym class and when I started to change, Kostya came up behind
me, and he was in his underwear and when I bent down to take off my pants,
he took my thighs with his hands and pulled my ass to him and started to
fuck me and said, what a sweet and soft ass I have, and the guys laughed at
us, but I wasn't laughing, because Kostya pulled down my underpants and
pressed my ass hard against him and we stood like that for a while and
Kostya had a hard-on and Kirill came up to us and told Kostya to let me
go. He let me go, but promised that he would do this to me all the time and
left. I got changed and went to the gym. Classes were hard for guys and we
all got sweaty after class and went to the shower and Kostya talked to
Kirill so that we would bathe together under one shower and Kirill told me
what I had to do and when we got under the shower together, Kostya got
behind me and with his dick pressed into my ass and he had a hard-on and
Kostya was always sexually horny. Kirill was standing in front of me and I
was soaping his back and Kostya went his cock into my ass and started
fucking me. I was very afraid that the guys would not see our fights,
although it would be possible to guess what we were doing, but because of
the temperature difference, there was a lot of steam in the shower room,
and the guys did not see Kostya fucking me in the ass. I was holding back
my pain and not letting my mouth produce it, and Kostya was already fucking
me hard and I had to pretend to wash Kirill's back. Kirill's dick got hard
from the whole scene and when Kostya cummed in my ass they switched with
Kostya and now Kirill was fucking my ass and I was washing Kostya's back
and when Kirill fucked me, he and Kostya left and I quickly washed myself
and left the shower room. School was over and we went home and Kirill
warned me right away that I had you at my place on the first call. I came
to the dorm, and there was a guy who lived with me, his name was Gosha, he
was a tall and big guy. He had very thick black hair, big and beautiful
eyes and a straight nose. His forehead was big, as they say seven inches in
his forehead. He was smart and cunning and when he needed some information,
he could use his talents and find out what he was interested in. Gosha
spent a lot of time in the gym and his body was well pumped. His legs were
long and his feet were big and he was overly hairy, which to me was overly
so, like Bigfoot, but he was friendly and easy to get in contact with other
guys and he had a lot of friends. When he came in from the gym his sweat
filled the room and I always got the feeling that with his sweat spread
sexual excitement and his tight shorts characterized his round ass and nice
bulge in the front well. His smile was charming and when he came into the
room and smiled, I always felt some kind of connection with him and if he
was my brother, I could hug him and even kiss him, which is what I always
wanted to do with him when he came from the gym.

- Kolya, will you wash my back, he asked me, letting me know that he wanted
to shower with me, and I usually always did it for him and there was no
subtext in it. He respected me and we talked about a lot of things and our
souls were like family and we had no secrets from each other. But today I
decided not to go with him, because I was waiting for a call from Kirill,
who could call at any moment and I had to come to his house quickly, so I
told Gosha that today I could not, because I was waiting for a call and he
took a towel and left. I was sitting on the bed and thinking that if Kostya
behaves like that with me all the time, as he did today in the shower room
and then whether I follow Kirill's orders or not, the guys will find out
about it and I wanted to talk to Kirill about it, and while I was studying
lessons, when the phone rang, and I took the phone and Kirill said very
simply, I'll wait for you in 15 minutes and turned off the phone. I quickly
got dressed and went to Kirill's house and as I approached his house I put
on my collar and went in. Kirill was waiting for me in his room and I
realized he wasn't alone as I saw Bones shoes. I woke up and walked into
the room. Kirill and Kostya were sitting on the bed and they were wearing
only underwear.

- locked the door and stripped naked, Kirill told me.

I locked the door with the key and quickly stripped in front of them and
was naked in what my mother had given birth to me.

- Did you like how we fucked you in the shower, Kostya asked me, and I
looked, and his crotch in his underpants even got bigger, and I said yes.

- Since you liked it, you're going to suck our dick now, to consolidate
your skills, get down on your knees and crawl to my dick, it's already
waiting for you.

 I got down on my knees and crawled to Kostya.

- Look Kirill, how this faggot crawls on his knees to suck my dick. These
faggots will do anything for a dick, and you know it, and I suggest you let
him go around in a circle, and I know a guy who loves these faggots and
knows how to put them down, do you want me to call him and he'll be here in
five minutes?

- Do I know him?

- No, he's an acquaintance of mine, he lives near me. Come on faggot, suck
my dick, you're hanging your ears. So, Kirill, come on?

- He can keep his mouth shut; he won't talk too much?

- You can be sure about him, I trust him as much as I trust myself, so
what's up?

- All right, call me.

I suck Kostya's dick, and he calls his friend and gives me the address, and
in five minutes he really came and when he came into the room and saw me
naked, kneeling and sucking Kostya's dick, he immediately realized what was
going on and his smile was up to his ears.

- This is Kirill and this is Denis, Kostya introduced them to each other
and they shook hands. At that moment Kostya was cumming in my mouth, so
Kirill gave Denis a seat and Denis briefly took out his cock and put it in
my mouth. From the way he behaved with me I realized that he had experience
with people like me and Denis treated me harshly and called me names and
slapped his cock on my face and shoved it completely down my throat and
raped me and I was panting under him, but he treated me masterfully and
Kirill paid attention and when it was his turn he also copied Denis'
actions and Kirill slapped his cock on my face that it was red from the
beatings. They let me go around and each of them cum in my mouth three
times, and then they took me to the toilet, tied me to the toilet face up
and started pissing in my mouth, and I drank their piss as much as I
could. At 9 p.m. they let me go, and I was all beaten with their dicks,
pissed and swallowed their cum going to the dorm. My lips got bigger and
swollen after sucking their dicks and when I got to my room, Gosha asked me
what happened, because you could tell from my face that I was beaten and my
working lips said that I sucked. I waved my hand and lay down on my bed and
turned to the wall. Gosha, looking at me couldn't just brush me off and sat
down on my bed and started a conversation with me.

- Stjepa, what happened? You ran away so fast, as soon as I went to shower,
and you came back as if you were beaten on the face, it's so red and excuse
me, but your lips are as if you had them pumped.

- Gosha please leave me alone, I feel really bad and I can't tell you
everything that happened. I don't want to lose my relationship with you and
so just let me rest and tomorrow everything will be fine.

Gosha left me in the chambers, got up from my bed and sat on his. I soon
fell asleep and at night I dreamed that Kostya made me suck his cock in the
presence of the whole class. I was covered in sweat, but Kostya was
aggressive and there was a fight between us and he pushed me to the floor
with his whole body and his cock entered my mouth and I heard him saying to
me, "Well, what have you achieved faggot, it will be like I said and I woke
up from these words. I felt so bad, as if it was real, and Gosha was
sleeping and sniffling a little and that calmed me down and I fell asleep
again. In the morning when I woke up, I had a premonition that something
bad was going to happen and I sat on the bunk and thought. Gosha was still
lying in bed, and I didn't want to get him up so that I could have some
time to myself and think. I had a dream about Kostya wrestling with me and
me being on the floor and his cock entering my mouth and I was so disgusted
from yesterday, how the three of them were putting their cocks in my mouth
and spitting in my mouth and on my face and pouring their cum into my mouth
and being in such a depressed state I didn't even notice how Gosha woke up
and got out of bed. His morning boner was beautiful and his panties bulged
out so sexy, I even glared at it and didn't realize it right away as Gosha
came up to me and asked, did you look at my dick? I realized that I had to
come to my senses and I raised my head and said that I was thinking about
something else, because I had a terrible dream.

- Aaaaaaah, otherwise I thought you would like my boner.

- Fuck you, Gosha, although I noted that Gosha had a good boner and it
would be nice to see his hard cock.

We washed up, got dressed and went to the canteen to eat, and from there we
went to study. At first everything went well and neither Kirill nor Kostya
bothered me and slowly my bad feeling started to go away, until at the last
lesson Kostya came up to me and said.

- Listen faggot to me carefully, if you don't want me to put you down in
public, you and I will fight today and you should maximally do so that your
face was always in my crotch and at such moments you should open your mouth
and clamp my cock in it, do you understand me?

- Yes, Kostya understood, I answered him, but I was so much covered with
sweat from the fact that I had to do it that I didn't even know how these
actions would look from the outside and what would the guys say about me?

Kostya left with a satisfied face, and I still some time came to myself and
before my eyes surfaced my dream and it came to me that it was not just a
dream, but a harbinger of what was going to happen to me. I went to the gym
and started to change and when I bent over to take off my pants, at that
moment Kostya came from behind again and pulling down my underpants and
taking me by the hips, again started to pretend that he was fucking me and
reminded me what should I do today in a duel with him, when Kostya and I
will fight and at that moment Kirill came to us and told me the same thing
that Kostya told me, that I should be under him as often as possible and
his crotch should be on my face and they left me and left. I changed into
my uniform and went into the gym, the girls sat at one end of the gym and
the guys at the other. Turner gave us all an assignment and we watched the
first couple wrestling, and the girls were doing their exercises, but I was
not interested in them, because Kostya and Kirill had set me a task that I
could not cope with, and I was confused, because I had to work out the
methods of fighting, so that it didn't look like I was doing it on purpose
so that I could be under the bottom in Kostya's crotch, and Gosha was
sitting next to me and was saying something to me, but his words didn't
reach me, I was just distracted that he had to push me to pay attention to
him.

- Stjepa, you're kind of weird this morning, what's wrong with you?

- I'm just thinking about wrestling, I have two fights today and I'd like
to focus on it and so don't distract me please.

- All right, said Gosha, but somehow with frustration in his voice and he
didn't touch me anymore.

I was watching the fight and I was thinking about my task that Kirill and
Bones had set before me, and while I was thinking about it, two fights had
already passed and Gosha came out to fight Anton and I was fascinated by
their fight and I liked the gracefulness of Gosha's movements and how he
was bending and his cock was sticking out of his uniform and his beautiful
ass, when he was on top of Anton and my dick started to get hard and I
wanted to fuck Gosha in the ass and I was so into it that my dick got hard
and when I realized that now it was my turn to fight Kirill, I was totally
hard and I had to change my thoughts, but the coach called us and I went
into the ring with a hard-on. The laughter among the guys rolled loud and
even the girls looked at me and giggled at my boner. We said hello and got
into position with Kirill. The coach blew his whistle and we started
wrestling. I understood my task and thought about how to make it not look
like I had given up on purpose. Kirill knew what he wanted me to do, too,
and he grabbed me and put me on my back with his crotch on my face. I put
my feet on the floor and lifted my back so that I would not be defeated,
and at that moment I opened my mouth and took his crotch and Kirill pressed
his pelvis even harder on my mouth and made movements as if he wanted to
take me down, but in fact he just fucked me in my mouth through my uniform
until the coach stopped us and we started to fight again. We were both
tired and very sweaty, and Kirill repeated this procedure with me two more
times until his crotch was wet with my saliva. Our wrestling was over, we
shook hands and sat back down and another couple of guys came out to
wrestle.

- Well, I'll tell you what, you got me really turned on and I want you to
suck my dick in the shower.

I looked at Kirill and just shook my head, and he patted me on the shoulder
and said, you're the best. Three couples later I was wrestling with Kostya
and Kostya was acting aggressive towards me and always showing everyone
what a wrestler he was, but Kostya did not share Kirill's policy, so as not
to tell the guys who I really am and so our wrestling became more about
sex, when Kostya was on top of me and his crotch was on my face and he was
demonstratively making movements that he was fucking me in his mouth and
even the guys noticed it and their interest was accompanied by whistles and
I understood it but I thought that it would make up for the fact that we
were fighting. Kostya, well, so to speak, fucked me in the mouth, because
his penis was excited and he didn't even hide it from the guys, when our
fight was over and he walked to the bench, and when I sat down on the
bench, the guys turned to me and asked, Kostya has a delicious dick, but
don't you want to suck ours? and laughed wildly.

Kostya humiliated me a lot, and I sat on the bench like a cancer, red and
angry, but he turned to me and said;

- Kolya - this is wrestling, well, you lost today, so what?

I snorted in response and turned away, and Kirill was looking at me and
smiling too.

- We'll take a shower, relax and calm down, and we'll give you a pacifier,
Kirill told me and started laughing again.

I looked into the distance of the bench and saw the expression on Gosha's
face and couldn't understand,

either he was puzzled by what was going on, or he would not mind to wrestle
with me in such a way, but the bulge of his form said the opposite, he was
excited.

The gym class was over and we went to the shower room and the guys came up
to me and showed me their dicks and asked me if I liked their dicks? and
offered me to suck them. I didn't know what to answer them and so I
silently undressed to go to the shower and wash myself. Gosha came up to me
and looked at me. In his eyes I could read that he was worried about me,
though his lower part said the opposite and he patted me on the shoulder
and went to wash up. Kirill and Kostya were already bathing under the same
shower and called me when I passed by, and though I didn't want to go to
them, but knowing what Kostya was capable of, I went over and stood next to
them.

- Don't be mad at us, nothing terrible happened. You didn't obviously suck
our dicks, did you?

- But the guys guessed that it wasn't just an accident, I told them.

- Listen, faggot, do you want us to apologize to you too? Don't annoy me or
I'll make you suck my dick in front of the guys, Kirill told me.

I was frightened by his words and stopped talking.

- That's better and for the future, being near us, your head should be
down, and to fulfill our wishes or our orders, you must be lightning fast
and the slightest disobedience will be punished. Now faggot, get on your
knees and start sucking my cock, and you have to do it fast.

I realized that I had made Kirill angry, but I couldn't disobey him and
anyway I was somewhere still not submissive and so I looked around to see
if the guys would see me, but Kirill always chose the far shower and due to
the steam, that filled the whole shower room no one could see us, unless of
course the guys came closer to us to see what we were doing.

I knelt down and started sucking Kirill's cock. The more Kirill was under
Kostya's influence, the rougher he got, and Kirill grabbed me by the hair
and forced his 21 cm cock down my throat. I choked on it and burped, but
Kirill didn't care, he was horny and wanted to cum in my mouth. His efforts
got even harder and his cock got so hard and his head so swollen that he
broke the silence and when the first jets of cum hit my mouth he let out
such a loud moan that I was afraid the guys would gather on him to see what
was going on. The first jet of cum was followed by another, a third and
Kirill pressed my head against his groin and held it while he poured his
cum into me. All the while Kostya was watching me and jerking his
dick. Kirill emptied his balls completely and pulled his cock out of my
mouth, he was in seventh heaven and looked at me and said, you're a good
cocksucker, tonight at 7pm at my house and left, and Kostya told me to bend
forward, because he was going to fuck me in the ass. It was good that the
guys didn't hear or pay attention to Kirill's moaning and they were leaving
the locker room to go home and Kostya and I were alone in the shower room,
for some reason I thought so when Kostya wanted to fuck me in the ass.

- Kostya please don't fuck me in the ass, I haven't shit yet and I have to
go to the toilet, but Kostya was very horny and no excuse interested him.

- Come on, faggot, bend over forward, and if my dick is in your shit, then
you will wash it with your fagot mouth.

I bent over and braced myself against the wall with my hands, and Kostya
spit on his cock and drove it into my asshole. He didn't stand on ceremony
with me, but fucked me hard and fast in my ass, and I felt like I was going
to shit my pants from the fast-fucking Kostya was giving me. His strong
hands were holding me by my hips, and his cock was just flying in my ass,
and without realizing it, I started moaning from such sex, and my head went
down. I was dizzy and different images were running before my eyes and
suddenly I saw a beast with a big cock and he started fucking me in my ass
and I started screaming and a sharp blow on my ass brought me to my senses
and all the images disappeared and I felt Bones' cock in my ass and his
faster movements in me again.

- Faggot, why are you screaming? Do you want other guys to come watch me
fuck you in the ass and fuck you too?

- I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.

-Yes, you got a taste of me and couldn't keep your moaning, I understand
that you are starting to like being fucked in the ass, you can be sure that
I will fuck you a lot and it would be nice to include some more guys in
this business, so that by the end of our studies you would be a pro in
servicing guys.

I realized that Kostya could arrange it and Kirill would go for it, but
asking and begging Kostya was like begging for snow from Santa Claus in
winter, so I just stood there and Kostya fucked me in the ass. After a
while his movements in me became strong and powerful and his breathing
became faster and I knew that he was about to cum in me and when Kostya
started cumming in my ass, he himself let out a moan of pleasure and froze
in me. I could feel his throbbing cock in my ass and his hot cum filled
me. My ass was burning from that fuck, but I noted to myself that I was
also enjoying it and when Kostya pulled his cock out of my ass and saw his
cock dirty in my shit, he got very angry with me and hit me in the stomach
and I just fell to the floor and he started screaming at me, not realizing
if anyone could hear us or not.

- You motherfucker, what is this?

- I told you I had to pee, I said in a shaky voice.



- Quickly wash my dick from your shit, Kostya told me and hit me again, but
this time across my face and sparks flew from my eyes and I just fell from
such a blow, since it was unexpected.

I got up with fear and wanted to wash his cock, but Kostya said I should
wash it with my faggot mouth and I opened my mouth and started sucking his
cock to lick my shit off his cock. I did it for a long time and he got it
up again and I was already sucking him full force and Kostya grabbed me by
the hair and fucked me hard in my mouth. He came hard, too, and when I
swallowed all his cum, he pushed me off and went to get dressed, and I just
sat on the floor for a while and came to my senses.

Stepan was still talking to the doctor when Ivan entered the infirmary and
said that Stepan was summoned by the regimental commander. Stepan got up
and went to the headquarters, and Vasily Ivanovich detained Ivan and began
to question him about Nikolai. Ivan was afraid to say anything unnecessary
and therefore his answers were one-sided and it was difficult to create a
self-portrait, as Ivan sees it.

- Ivan, let's be honest, did you have a connection with Nikolai?

- Doctor, what connection do you mean?

- Intimate, of course!

- No, I did not, Ivan lied and lowered his head.

- Did you know that Nikolai is gay?

- Yes, I did.

-Have you ever had a desire for him to give you a blowjob?

- No, I'm not gay and I'm not interested in guys.

- But in the army, it's hard without sex, and especially when there are
only guys around, and you want to fuck.

- So what? What are you implying, doctor?

- I'm not implying, I'm saying it would be stupid not to use his services,
especially since gays are better at giving blowjobs than women, did you
know that?

- I knew that.

- And you never had the desire during that time to have Nikolai give you a
blowjob.

Ivan began to lose his temper for such questions and he felt somewhere
inside that the doctor had started this conversation for a reason and maybe
he knew that Ivan had used Nikolai's services, but he had lied to the
doctor, and to admit now that he not only gave Nikolai a blowjob, but also
fucked him in the ass Ivan couldn't and that's why he denied it in all ways
and more and more he was sinking into lies.

- I already said that I'm not gay and stop bothering me with such
questions, can I go now?

- You can, but just remember, if you had feelings for Nikolai, you should
have helped him out of the hole he fell into because of your silence and
you know exactly what he's going through and you didn't stand up for him
once. Go and think at your leisure what you can become if your friend needs
help and you just watch from the sidelines and do nothing.

Ivan left the medical unit with bad thoughts, but the fact that he was
guilty of the situation with Nikolai, he did not feel and did not want to
admit it. Everyone is responsible for himself, Ivan said inside himself and
went about his business, although he felt sorry for Kolya somewhere deep
inside, but this feeling caused him neither pity nor compassion. Ivan
needed sex and he was ready to make any confession to get it and Kolya was
the person who wanted love and Ivan could calmly say that he loved him,
although he had no real feelings for him and only his erect penis made him
behave accordingly with Nikolay and when it was possible to stand up for
him he did it, but now, when the situation was completely controlled by
Stepan, Ivan retreated and did not interfere, not because he was afraid of
Stepan, but because in this game Stepan played not the last role and behind
him stood Fedya, who held the whole company in his subordination. Fedya in
about a month would have to go on demobilization and then something could
be done with Stepan to put him in his place, but one thing Ivan did not
know was that Stepan had also bet on him to break him and for this he would
use Nikolai to clamp Ivan and make him either obey Stepan or sit like a
mouse in a corner and keep his head down, while Stepan would do his
business in the company, even though at that moment Ivan would be
considered a grandfather.

Stepan came to the headquarters and went to the stairs to go up to the
second floor to see the regiment commander and when he started to go up,
the regiment commander himself came down the stairs and took Stepan with
him, because he had to leave urgently to one of the points to discuss some
business and then he would talk to Stepan quietly. They got into the car
and set off. During the whole trip the regimental commander did not say a
single word to Stepan, as he was busy with his daily business and when they
arrived at one division, the regimental commander gave an order that Stepan
was arranged together with him and well fed while he would do
business. Stepan was shown a separate room with everything he needed for
normal living and was taken to the mess hall and fed. Stepan returned to
the room and lay down on the bed. He had no idea what the commander wanted
to talk to him about and as he lay there thinking, his eyes closed and he
fell asleep. In the evening, he woke up just before the commander came into
the room. Stepan got up, greeted the commander and waited for his
instructions.

- Tell me Stepan, how are you doing in the army?

- Good, comrade commander.

- Why do I hear rumors that you were the initiator of all these troubles
with the soldier Nikolai?

- No, comrade commander, I didn't start it all, I just got into such a
situation, and Nikolai turned out to be gay and started molesting guys and
sucking their dicks at night, and I told him to stop doing it, but he
wouldn't listen to me and we got into a fight, that's all.

The regiment commander looked at Stepan and remembered his officers, who
also spoke for Nikolai, that he was gay and it was desirable to remove him
from the unit to be quiet and calm, as not all soldiers can tolerate him.

- Are you working in the stoker with Nikolai now?

- Yes, comrade commander, I work with him.

- And you haven't had any more fights?

- Not at all. After that incident, Nikolai stopped harassing guys, and I
just keep an eye on him.

- So Stepan, look at how I think about this? In a month Fedya goes on demob
and I need to have a good sergeant in your company and Fedya offered to put
you instead of him, so here's what I think, if you and Nikolai don't get
into trouble during this time, then I'll make a decision in your favor, but
I warn you, any negative action on your part, automatically removed from
your position and I'll send you to disbat, and from tomorrow you will work
with Fedya and he will tell you everything and show you.

- Comrade Commander, may I address you?

- Go ahead, what did you want to tell me?

I'm working in the stoker's room now and I need someone else to take my
place, and all our guys are busy.

- Who do you want to suggest?

- There's a good soldier, he's a competent and responsible guy.

- Okay, but once again I remind you, one more remark in your address and
you'll be out of the unit, and I'll put you away for a long time, do you
understand, soldier?

- Yes, Comrade Commander.

- You're free to go.

The commander left, and Stepan celebrated his victory, because he knew that
Fedya did not throw his words to the wind. Stepan fell asleep heavily,
because he was overwhelmed with a sense of his importance and now, he will
put the whole company under his boot and all the unworthy and opposing his
command, he just wiped into powder. He woke up as if on command, as he was
used to waking up at 6 a.m., and the commander was already walking around
the room, and Stepan quickly dressed, washed his face and he and the
commander went to the canteen, where they were fed and they went to the
regiment. On the way the commander again reminded Stepan what he would do
to him if he lifted his nose high into the clouds and Stepan assured the
commander that he would behave properly so that such a thing would never
happen. When they arrived at the unit, the commander gave an order to
Stepan and he began to be prepared for sergeanthood, and Fedya taught him
and everyone in the company knew the news. Stepan was brought to a new
level of lawlessness by this position and Fedya told him how to use his
power and remain unpunished. Stasik was now working alongside me, and
Stepan was instructing him not to be gentle with me, but at the same time
to make sure there was no visible damage to me. Stasik was also incredibly
happy, because he liked me, and he could now do whatever he wanted with me,
especially since we were now working together and he could fuck and rape me
as much as he wanted and how he wanted. Stasik and I came to the stoker's
room and the first thing he did was to lock the door and order me to
undress. When I undressed, he took away my clothes and I was naked in the
stoker until morning. Stasik made me an obedient dog so that I would do all
his orders. He made me squat, kiss his feet, bark like a dog, lick his ass
and sniff his piss and drink it. At the same time, he fucked me in my
mouth, raped my ass and beat my ass with a belt. My ass was on fire by the
end of our shift and I wanted to get to the barracks and go to bed, but we
could only dream of peace, because Stasik made me wash his underwear and
only after that I could go to rest. I fell asleep instantly and slept
through lunch, and Stasik used that moment only to mock me even more.

- Here's your lunch, but you have to eat it like a dog, Stasik told me.

I looked at him with a puzzled look, but the desire to eat overcame me, and
I knelt down in front of him and only then he put my lunch on the floor and
told me to eat! I pounced on the food and before I could even swallow it
whole, he told me, ew, and I stopped and waited for his command to let me
eat again. And he was so happy and he was just messing with me.

- Eat you stinking dog, he told me, and I went back to eating.

When I ate, he made me kiss his feet and only then he let me go.

- In the evening I'll walk with you, my dog will have to be taken for a
walk and he started laughing wildly.

Stepan came into the barracks and saw Stasik mocking me and patted him on
the shoulder and said, you'll make a good warden, go on, I'll come back in
the evening and see what you've taught your dog. I was on all fours and
didn't raise my head so I wouldn't get a slap.

- So, Stasik, did you feed your dog?

- I did.

- It's still a long way to evening, send him to the toilet, give him a
toothbrush and let him clean the toilets, he has no reason to chill here.

Stasik took me into the toilet and gave me a toothbrush and said;

- If I come and the toilets are dirty, I'll force you to lick them with
your tongue, now take a brush and get to work. Saying that, he left.

I took the toothbrush and started scrubbing the toilets with it. At that
time, when I was scrubbing the toilets, soldiers started coming in and some
of them came to piss and some of them came to shit and in this stench, I
scrubbed the toilets and flushed after them. They looked at me like I was
the last scum and none of them ever said hello to me. Some soldiers started
spitting on me, and two of them even pissed on my face, and at that time
Stasik came in and looked at me and started swearing.

- You're a fucking faggot, you're always getting into some fucked up shit,
you're always getting pissed on, spit on, and you're leaking all the
time. Nobody even wants to say hello to you, or even talk to you, so your
fucking breath doesn't cloud the air around you.

Stasik stepped his foot on my head and pinned me to the floor.

- You're going to lick the floor with your tongue now, and then you're
going to strip naked and I'm going to piss on you, do it!

I was in no hurry to do it and he started kicking me. I covered my face
with my hands so he wouldn't hurt it and twisted to hide my stomach, and
Stasik was hitting me and yelling at me and at that time Stepan came in and
told him to stop hitting me. Stasik was breathing heavily and was as red as
a cancer.

- What happened, Stepan asked Stasik.

- This thing didn't want to lick the floor with its faggot tongue, so it
got it from me.

- Listen to me carefully Stasik, I already told you not to beat him like
that and there are other methods for that and you have to work with them to
put this faggot in the stall and he will fulfill your demands. The fact
that you are making a dog out of him is very good and you can continue in
the same way, but if you need to make him lick the toilet floor with your
tongue, you can do it in another way and if you Stasik will not listen to
me, I promise you that you will replace this faggot and will do his job.

I was lying on the floor during the conversation and came to my senses. I
knew that Stepan would not just leave my disobedience and could punish me
severely, but also Stasik was humiliated because of me and that did not
bode well for me either, so I was preparing for the worst and maybe tonight
in the stoker's room they would have a blast with me.

- Say faggot, why didn't you listen to Stasik, Stepan asked me. You do not
like to lick the floor in the toilet, where all the guys go? Do you want to
eat shit after them?

I kept silent, as it was even worse than licking the toilet floor.

- That's what I thought. Your disobedience must be punished and you are
going to get on your knees and start licking the toilet floor with your
tongue and I'm going to count to three, I won't say it again because you
know what I can do to you.

Stepan counted slowly so that I could come to terms with what was
inevitable, but I lay stupidly on the floor and did nothing, I decided for
myself that let them kill me, but I would not do it.

- One, Stepan said and there was a long pause before he said two, but I
didn't move and prepared myself for the worst.

- Twoaaaah, he said in a long breath, but I still lay there and did
nothing.

- Do you realize what I can do to you? You won't get out of the toilet for
the dirt in it and you'll get out-of-turn assignments. You'll have a
bathtub full of potatoes to peel. You will have no free time ever and you
will sleep for two hours and then you will want to do what we are telling
you now, so what, do you want such a punishment or will you start licking
the toilet floor with your tongue?

I kept silent, as I didn't care what they would do to me.

- Three, Stepan said and waited a little longer for my answer, but I
remained silent.

- You yourself by your silence determined how we would deal with you in the
future and you took your dick out of your pants and started pissing on me
and told the other guys to do the same and they also pissed on me and left
without saying anything.

I lay there for a while and realized that I had to do something and decided
to go to the stoker while Misha was there and take a bath. I came to the
stoker's room all pissed off and Misha didn't say anything to me, so I
undressed, threw my clothes in the wash and went for a swim. When I came
out of the shower, Misha gave me his towel to dry myself and asked me what
happened.

- Stasik, that bastard, made me scrub the toilets with a toothbrush when
the guys were shitting and pissing in there, and then I had to wash it all
off after them and scrub it thoroughly, and then he came in and started
cursing at me and wanted me to tongue the floor of the toilet, to lick the
floor of the toilet with my tongue and I refused and he started beating me
and raised a ruckus, to which Stepan came and wanted me to do it quietly,
but I didn't say anything to him and he threatened me to make a paradise
life and then I would agree to his conditions and lick the floor of the
toilet with my tongue. What happens now I don't know, he and the guys
pissed on me and left, but I think tonight is going to be a dark night and
I got quiet. Misha looked at me and thought about what could be done in
this situation, but came to nothing. He wanted to stay, but I realized that
he was tired, too, and needed to sleep and rest.

- Then don't go to the dining room, I'll bring your dinner here, but in the
meantime, go to your room and rest.

I went to my room and lay down on the bed. There were a lot of events for
today, but I was so tired that I just passed out and fell into a deep
sleep. I didn't even realize when Misha started waking me up and telling me
to eat. I hardly opened my eyes and only after a while I realized what he
wanted me to do and got up and ate. This gave me some energy and I felt a
little better. There was still an hour before the shift change and dark
thoughts began to fill me and I began to fantasize that it made me feel bad
and I was afraid to stay here with Stasik and I realized that he could do
something bad to me and no one would stop him. Misha once again insisted
that he would stay, but I was also afraid for him, that he might get hurt
because of me and so I talked him out of it and he went to the barracks,
and an hour later Stasik came and locked the door. My clothes were still
drying after washing and so I was naked and I didn't have to undress like I
had done before.

- So, you faggot decided to show your character? Well, I'll break it for
you, and you'll ask me to stop and you'll do everything I tell you to do.

Stasik took a rope, made a collar out of it, put it around my neck and
fastened it so that I couldn't get out of it. He gave me a full bottle of
soda and made me drink it all, and then tied me up so that I couldn't move
anymore and put me on my knees and shoved something thick up my ass and
told me that if I started pissing on the floor without his permission, I
would get a hard spanking and then it would be my fault and Stasik
left. Time passed, and he didn't even come to me. I was on all fours and
couldn't do anything about my position, because Stasik had me on a very
short leash and the urge to piss was growing, and I realized that I had to
empty my bladder, but I was afraid of Stasik and his revenge because of
what had happened today in the common toilet, I was afraid of Stasik and
his revenge because of what happened today in the common toilet and I
tolerated it, but in the position he put me in it was difficult to hold my
bladder, but I still held on, but the pressure was increasing and I
realized that I was going to be punished in some way, which Stasik didn't
even mention. Some more time passed and I was at my limit and I realized
that I couldn't help myself and most likely I would just start pissing and
I was on the edge between fear and pressure on my bladder. At that moment I
heard Stasik open the front door and someone came in and until I heard them
talking, I didn't even know who it was. By the sound of their feet, they
went away somewhere and I didn't hear their conversation and a feeling of
fear from the unknown was growing in me. My state of mind was something
heavy and big in my ass, fear of the unknown, a lot of pressure on my
bladder, and that I would have to pass today. Footsteps started approaching
my seat and I saw Stepan and Stasik walk in. They looked at me and asked me
how I was feeling and if I wanted to piss.

- I have to pee really badly, can I, do it?

- You can, but only on the condition that you lick the floor in the toilet
with your tongue.

- Please, I'm asking you to let me piss, or I'm going to piss myself.

- I warned you that if you do, a terrible punishment awaits you, said
Stasik and you will have to choose, either you listen to us, or get
punished and so it will be until we break your insolent and disobedient
character and you will not do everything, we tell you.

- Please, I begged, I really need to piss, I can't take it anymore.

- We told you, you can only piss after you accept our conditions, and this
way we will break your pride and make you spineless, and you will still do
what we want you to do.

I agonized, because I knew I was at my limit, but I couldn't lick the
toilet floor with my tongue and I started crying from my hopelessness and
begged my tormentors to let me go piss, but they stood their ground and
broke me, and because I wouldn't give in, they got up and left. Everything
inside me broke and my tears just flowed down my cheeks, I realized that I
was between two fires, but the first way they offered me I could not do and
then the second way was waiting for me; to accept the punishment they had
prepared for me. I was broken inside and this can be understood by the
person who was broken and he was on the edge of his abilities and was ready
to do whatever he was told and he turned not into a human being but into an
animal who has instincts and thanks to them he lives, as well as the person
who went through such a thing and he had neither his own opinion nor any of
his desires nor any dream to which he would aspire and achieve and I was on
the edge of my destruction and they came in again and sat opposite me and
did not say anything to me. It was some kind of silent dialog in the
background of the thoughts I was going through. They could use physical
influence on me, but this time it was a mental influence against the
background of my inner feelings and maybe it was even stronger than
physical suffering, but it also does its job and probably faster, but
mental suffering changes the essence of a person and then it is possible to
influence him without using force. Stepan and Stasik sat and looked at me
and waited for me to break and realized that today they would break me in
different ways and most likely physically, but so that I could feel the
mental suffering, they allowed it so that they could decide how to deal
with me better and what I was more amenable to. I couldn't stand the pain
in my bladder any longer and the urine poured out of me and the sharp blow
from Stasik caused incredible pain and I screamed and the urine started
pouring out of me with an even greater flow.

- So, I see you have decided on the punishment and it will not be done by
us, we have workers who will do their job very well, and Stepan got up and
left, while Stasik stayed. After 20 minutes Stepan came with young soldiers
and gave them the task that they should not physically beat me, but only
rape me in all my holes. I looked at all this and realized that these 8
soldiers would just destroy me and all my holes would be fucked up and I
had no courage then and I was powerless against them and these young
soldiers would fuck me again and abuse me. Stepan put Stasik in charge and
reminded him again not to hit me, as he had to become a sergeant, and the
regimental commander warned Stepan sternly and then Stepan left and left me
to be torn apart by this crowd. Stasik untied me, and they threw me on the
floor, and Stasik stood on me with his feet and stomped on me, and after
that he gave the young men permission to fuck me, and they swooped down on
me like kites. This time their task was to torture me with sex as long as
possible and so they decided not to put their cocks in all my holes that I
had and two soldiers spread my legs very wide and one soldier started
fucking me in my cunt. They never got the object out of my asshole and it
was painfully recoiling in me as I was being fucked in my cunt. The
soldiers would drive their dicks into me up to my balls and then withdraw
completely and then abruptly again the dick would go in and out of me. It
was an agonizing process and long and I immediately became painful and it
was only the beginning of my punishment, but ahead of me waited a bunch of
soldiers and very hungry for sex. They fucked me one by one, and all the
guys fucked me hard and Stasik was watching it, and if someone gave me a
break, Stasik told the soldier that if he didn't start fucking me hard,
then he would be fucked instead of me and so nobody felt sorry for me and
just raped me brutally. Stasik never gave me a rest, and neither did the
guys. They fucked me one by one, first in my pussy, then in my ass, and my
mouth was never empty, and I sucked their cocks while one of them fucked me
either in my ass or in my pussy. Two and a half hours went by when they all
fucked me once each. And they rested for a while and put me in a pose again
and shoved something up my asshole, which was sore from such a large volume
of it. They sat down and consulted about what to do to me to be more
specific, and one guy suggested putting his fist in my ass and all the guys
were so excited about it, and they asked him, do you even know how to do it
and he said yes, he knows how to do it. They twisted me up again and tied
me on a collar so I couldn't do anything bad to myself and this young
soldier soaped his hand and my ass well and started to put his fingers in
my ass. Three fingers went in well and now he joined all the fingers
together and began penetrating my ass. He was pushing them in and out of my
ass and each time he pushed deeper into me and I started screaming as he
was hurting me, but his goal was to break me and so he ignored my pain and
screams but kept pushing his hand into my ass. He often lubed his hand but
my asshole was not stretched that much and I was in a lot of pain. This
torture went on for a long time and some of the brush was already starting
to enter me, and Stasik said that that's enough for now and I need to
continue fucking me again. And again, the guys let me go around and fucked
me in the ass and didn't react to my screaming and my mouth had already
swallowed so much cum that when they were done with me this time, I was
just lying on the floor like a rag that everyone had wiped their feet
on. The guys wanted to piss and Stasik said that everyone should piss in my
mouth and I should drink it and the piss started flowing into my mouth and
I drank as much of it as I could and the rest just came out of my mouth
because I couldn't drink it anymore. By 4am the guys were done with me, and
I agreed to everything, and to the fact that I would lick the floor in the
toilet with my tongue, and Stasik let the soldiers go and stayed with me.

- So, faggot, was it worth it to be treated like that? We did it our
way. You're such a dickhead, to endure such suffering and then agree to
such humiliation, only a masochist can do it, and I think you are one.

When our shift was over, I took a bath and went to the company to sleep, as
I was very tired that night. Stasik told Stepan everything they had done to
me and that I had agreed to everything they would demand of me and when I
got to the company, I thought I would go to bed, but Stepan and Stasik took
me to the toilet to make sure and ordered me to lick around the toilet. I
was so tired and wanted to sleep that I got on my knees and started licking
the floor next to the toilet. They looked at me and Stepan's dick got hard
and he picked me up by my hair and made me suck his cock. I sucked his huge
and thick cock and my dick got hard, which was amazing to me and when
Stepan cum in my mouth he let me go and I went to sleep. I slept for a long
time and Stepan to my surprise did not wake me up but ordered the spirits
to take food from the canteen and when I woke up, I ate it and Stepan gave
me a day off and I did not go to the stoker but stayed in the company. I
got hormone shots all the time and my breasts started to appear. My hair
started to disappear and I started to look like a girl.

I was very surprised that Stepan, after that night when 8 young soldiers
fucked me and tried to put their hands up my ass, let me rest and didn't
send me to the stoker. It was bedtime and I put out the light. I always
slept naked in the barracks, as Stepan had ordered me, so that at any
moment he could lie down on me and fuck me. I was sinking into sleep and
the images of those eight soldiers began to swirl before me. I could see
every face looking at me and they were licking like wolves looking at me
and saliva was dripping from their lips. They were all naked and their
cocks were sticking up, and they were so horny that it seemed to me that
just give them the order to fuck me, they would just tear me apart. Among
these eight guys, there was one guy who was very good looking and if Stepan
wasn't among their enlistment, he would probably be a sergeant among
them. He is 186cm tall, big in the shoulders, well pumped chest and he has
big nipples, and they look so sexy on him that there is always a desire to
suck them. He has strong arms and long fingers on his hands. His veins are
clearly visible on them and he has a little hair, which makes his hands
sexy too, which I want to press against, and to have these strong hands
hold me in their embrace and only from such an embrace one can cum without
hands. His big gray eyes and bushy eyebrows always drove me crazy when I
looked at him and I guess he understood that, but because of the state of
the atmosphere in the company to me, he also looked at me as some kind of a
creature that should only be fucked and humiliated and when they were all
together in the stoker, he spit in my face and in my mouth more than anyone
else. From his navel to his groin, he had such a beautiful path of not
thick hair that it was a good idea to run your hand over it and enjoy
it. His legs were not very hairy and his ass had some hair in his crack and
it looked so sexy, that this ass I wanted to kiss and lick all the
time. His groin wasn't overgrown, but the hair that was there made the
final picture of his sexy portrait centered on his cock. You can't compare
Stepan's cock to his cock, because Stepan's was just huge and thick, but
Timofey's, that was the guy's name, cock was just graceful and when he
stood, it was a good size 21cm long and 4.5cm thick and his not too big
balls, which hung down very nicely were filled with his cum, which was
going to fill my mouth. I always wanted this guy, but for some reason among
guys he acted very rough to me and didn't let me suck his cock right
away. Timofey would take me by the hair and run my face over his groin and
when I opened my mouth to take his cock, he would let my head go down and
clamp it with his legs and I would breathe in the smell of his balls and
ass and when he made me so tired that I was ready to do anything for him,
then Timofey would let me suck his cock and I would swallow it all the way
down to the base and it would be in my throat and Timofey would fuck me in
my mouth. I was just floating with his excitement and when I was about to
cum from having sex with him like that, he quietly told me to turn on my
side, put my legs under me and he would fuck me now. I did as he told me
and felt his cock against my ass and began its penetration into me. He was
tearing my hole and at one point the pain was intense and I woke up and
there was someone lying on the bed with me and shoving his cock in my
ass. I wanted to twitch but I heard a voice and realized it was Stepan
telling me not to twitch and I was lying on my side with my legs tucked up
and his cock was entering me. He held me tight with his hands and I was
very surprised that Stepan, after that night when 8 young soldiers were
fucking me and trying to put their hand up my ass, gave me a rest and
didn't send me to the stoker. His cock fully entered me and Stepan
stopped. He took his time fucking me, but I could feel his throbbing cock
in my ass and lay still, waiting to see what he would do next. Stepan lay
with me and held me tightly with one hand and his cock was in my ass and he
was running his other hand over my body and doing it in such an arousing
way that I was ready for that moment to do anything he asked me to do for
him. I had never imagined that Stepan could be so sentimental, especially
after the way he had humiliated and brutally beaten me. His strong hand
gently stroked me everywhere, and he even ran it over my pussy and put his
finger in it and started fucking me with it, and I started moaning from the
gentle stimulation Stepan was giving me.

- Do you want me, he asked me very quietly.

- Yes, I want you, I answered quietly too.

- Will you do anything for me that I ask you to do?

- Yes, I'd do anything for you.

- Even the most unusual thing for you?

- And even the most unusual thing for me, I'll do for you.

All this time he was fucking my pussy with his finger and it was leaking
from me and I could not do anything contrary to what Stepan was telling me
and indeed I was ready at that moment to fulfill even his most terrible
request, because I was possessed by sexual desire and it was stronger than
my common sense.

- Then you and I now get up and go to the toilet and I'll tell you what I
want you to do for me.

We got up and I wanted to get dressed, but Stepan said not to and we went
naked with him through the whole corridor, and the soldier on duty at his
post and looking at us smiled, and we went into the toilet. Stepan ordered
me to kneel down and start licking the floor near the toilet, and since I
was very horny, it didn't matter to me, so I knelt down and started licking
the floor around the toilet with my tongue. Stepan was very aroused by this
action and his cock was just wildly standing up and twitching with
excitement, and he was looking at me with wild eyes and at some point, he
lifted me up, put my head in the toilet bowl itself and got behind me and
drove his cock into my ass. He fucked me hard and hard and I was screaming
into the toilet bowl and to muffle my screams Stepan pushed my head down
and I had to cover my mouth or I would choke on the water that was in
it. Stepan had never felt so horny as he did from this scene of my
humiliation and he started cumming in my ass and started screaming from it
himself and his cum filled my colon. When his orgasm subsided, he let go of
my head, but he didn't pull his dick out of me and we were standing in this
position together and Timofey came in to piss and saw us and said to
Stepan, do you need help to humble this faggot?

- Now I'll piss in his ass and you can do whatever you want with him, he's
all yours.

Timofey is standing next to me and waiting for his turn to mess with me and
Stepan started pissing in my ass and when he finished pissing, he ordered
me to sit on the toilet and lick his cock clean. I sat on the toilet and
opened my mouth and Stepan's cock went in and I licked it and when I was
done with it Stepan told Timofey he could start and went to bed. Timofey
came over to me and grabbed me by my wet hair and pressed my face against
his crotch and started to drive it around. I was pouring my piss and cum
down the toilet at this time and Timofey was getting more and more aroused
and his cock was so big that he pulled it out of his pants and made me
sniff it. I sniffed his cock and got excited and opened my mouth to start
sucking it, but Timofey spit on it and said, "Did I let you suck my cock,
you faggot?

- I'm sorry, I just want to do it already.

- Isn't there anything else you want to do for me?

- Anything you say I'll do to get you to let me suck your big, beautiful
cock.

- You faggots will do anything for a cock, and if I want to shit in your
mouth, will you agree to that too?

I didn't say anything, because I wasn't ready for that and I didn't want to
get shit in my mouth and I didn't know what to say to Timofey.

- So, you don't want my cock that badly yet, since you've been thinking
about it for so long, but I'll push you to do it. Open your mouth, quickly.

I opened my mouth and Timofey put his head in it and told me to suck it and
I greedily started sucking the head of his cock and when I got into the
mood, Timofey pulled his head out of my mouth and I looked at him with such
pitiful eyes that Timofey just laughed seeing my lust for his cock.

- So, faggot, ready to eat my shit when I shit in your mouth?

- I'm sorry Timofey, but I can't do that.

- Well, I can push you to do it.

I have a look of horror on my face at this, that Timothy might actually
just shit on me and then put his shit in my mouth.

- We still have a lot of time till morning and maybe someone else will come
in and he will want to use your services, but I will quickly shit in your
mouth and that's it, so make up your mind and the sooner the better and you
will be able to sleep more.

During this dialog Timofey drove his cock on my face and made me very
passionate and I was on the verge of snapping and letting him shit in my
mouth, but I hadn't fallen so low and there was still a drop of sanity in
my mind and it kept me from this madness and I refused Timofey and he told
me, it's a matter of time and you will eat my shit and left without cumming
in my mouth. My heart was pounding hard and I realized that if he had
pushed me a little more, I would have fallen into that abyss and then my
humiliation would have been even greater and I could have turned into a
real piece of shit and then I would have had only one way to kill myself. I
sat in the toilet some more and when I came to my senses, I realized that I
was naked and I had to go to the barracks quickly so that less people would
see me so I washed my face and went. I passed the watchman and he told me
to walk up to him and when I walked up, he made me suck his cock and I
quickly knelt down in front of him, unzipped his pants and pulled out his
cock which was already erogated and started sucking it.

I did everything quickly, because at that time any soldier could wake up
and go to the toilet and would see this picture of me sucking the cock of
the soldier on duty at the post. The soldier's hands lay on my head, and he
started pushing his cock sharply and hard into my mouth and his breathing
was rapid and the cum hit my mouth and he pulled me hard down to his groin
and shot cum into my mouth. He cummed and pushed me off of him and hid his
cock in his pants and I got up and went to the barracks and lay in my bed
and fell fast asleep and it was four hours before liftoff.



to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2024 19:48:06 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 11 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.  Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me at:
Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army part 11

I left the medical unit, and Stepan stayed with the doctor, and they were
slowly drinking. Vasily Ivanovich did not want to stay for the new year
himself, but he could not take Stepan to himself, so as not to arouse
suspicion, so he wanted Stepan to stay in his company longer, and he wanted
to know his life before the army, because he realized that all of Stepan's
problems stretch from there.

- Stjepa, please tell me, in your life before the army there were hard
times that influenced you in such a way that you hate Kolya very much,
although he is a very nice guy.

- What do you find good in that faggot, I would hang him by the balls he
doesn't have now and destroy him until he wants to die.

- You speak for him like that, as if he reminds you of yourself and you are
ready to destroy your past, which you had bad and you don't even think
about the consequences that could destroy you.

- Vasily Ivanovich, what makes you think I had a bad past before the army,
do you know me so well?

- You Stepan don't know one thing, that all our problems stretch from
childhood and they determine our behavior in the future and if you don't
deal with your problems that were in childhood, you will never build a good
future in your life and on your way there will always be destruction and
even if in your life there will be a good person, your childhood problems
will destroy it and you will blame everyone but not yourself.

- Yes, such faggots have no place in our lives and I have and will continue
to destroy them.

- Stop boiling like a teapot, I studied not only military science and
medicine, but also psychology in my time and your reaction to Kolya is
understandable to me, but I want you to tell me about your problem, which
happened in your childhood and I understand it was very tragic in your
life?

- I didn't have anything like that and you made it up to justify this
faggot and start feeling sorry for him, but he doesn't deserve it.

Vasily Ivanovich, seeing that Stepan didn't want to open up, didn't press
him and offered him another drink. They drank and went outside for a
smoke. Vasily Ivanovich took a very strong drag and slowly let out the
smoke from his cigarette. Stepan didn't smoke, but looked curiously at
Vasily, who was enjoying his cigarette and showing Stepan how he was
blowing rings.

- You've never smoked, Vasily Ivanovich asked Stepan.

- No, never.

- Would you like to take a puff at least once? And he held out his
cigarette to Stepan. Stepan took it in his hands and brought it to his
lips. The tip of the filter was a little bit in the doctor's saliva and
Stepan did not dare to take it in his mouth and Vasily Ivanovich, seeing
his hesitation, told him that it was like sucking a cock, which was
moistened with saliva, so take it and don't be afraid and Stepan put the
cigarette to his lips and took a drag. He puffed very hard and no sooner
had he inhaled the cigarette smoke than he began to cough and Vasily
Ivanovich patted him on the back with his hand and Stepan calmed down from
coughing.

- Don't inhale too much, just a little bit at a time, try again, the doctor
suggested, and Stepan inhaled a little bit and he didn't cough as much as
he had the first time. Vasily Ivanovich threw his arm around his neck and
holding him out to him looked into his eyes and their gazes met. They
looked into each other's eyes for a long time, and Stepan couldn't stand
the doctor's gaze and lowered his eyes.

- Are you all right, or maybe this situation reminds you of something?

- No, everything is normal, Stepan lied, because he knew that in his life
he had a situation where he was divorced and then put down or as they say,
made a faggot and for a long time he served a guy from his class at the
school, and before that he had a stepfather, who after his divorce from his
mother fucked him all the way to the school and he wanted to forget this
period of his life and even went to play sports afterwards, but it didn't
help to forget the humiliation he went through and the doctor figured it
out and Stepan was afraid of repeating this situation, even though the
doctor gave him in his mouth and fucked him in the ass and still Stepan
didn't want to admit the fact that he was a homo, only hidden and so he
lied to the doctor and lowered his eyes.

- Let's have another drink, said Vasily Ivanovich and took Stepan
inside. They drank and Stepan's tongue began to slip, and Vasily Ivanovich
thought it was time to find out and asked Stepan if he loved him. Stepan
may not have loved him, but he owed it to him that he hadn't turned him in,
but now for this secret, he had to suck him off and give his ass to be
fucked in it by the doctor. To say that Stepan didn't like being fucked
would be wrong, but he had to keep the mask on his face so the doctor
wouldn't think he liked cock in his ass too, but he didn't want to
advertise it. As they drank, the doctor silently unzipped his pants and
spread his legs apart giving Stepan a view of his cock and his balls and
stared at Stepan's face to see in it that he was right about him and Stepan
had had a very difficult childhood. Stepan was also looking at the doctor's
cock and since he had been drinking his guard was down and Vasily saw that
lustful look and pointed his finger at his cock for Stepan to get to
work. Stepan panted for a bit, pretending he didn't like it much, but then
knelt down and took Vasily's cock in his mouth. Vasiliy's cock was very
beautiful, it was perfectly straight, and the head was hidden by the skin,
and to get to the head, you had to push away the excess skin and then it
was so red and very smooth it showed out, and the skin was tight around it
that it seemed that they were fused together into one whole. Vasily's penis
was 19 centimeters long, 4.5 centimeters thick, he had worked on enlarging
his penis himself and had achieved the result. The testicles were slightly
large but had no hair, and the hair around the penis area was neatly
trimmed and short. Stepan on his knees sucked this beautiful cock, which
quickly rose up and filled Stepan's mouth and he could not take it in his
throat, but Vasily did not dominate him, he liked not to oppress his
partner, but to have sex with him and Stepan liked him in this
matter. Stepan sucked Vasily's cock and his smacking was clearly audible
and Vasily enjoyed the process. Stepan was getting into a state of ecstasy
and any perceived action that he didn't like sucking cock was gone and
Vasily saw this and encouraged him to suck harder and Stepan tried.

- Move to my balls and go ahead and swallow them both.

Stepan reluctantly left his cock and started sucking and licking Vasiliy's
balls and then took both his balls in his mouth and started licking them
with his tongue and Vasiliy closed his eyes in pleasure and did not say
anything to Stepan as he saw that he was caught up in the process and until
he cummed he had to keep it up and Vasiliy told Stepan to bring a
rope. Stepan knew what it was for and so he got up and went to get the
rope. When he got it, Vasiliy tied his cock and balls so that Stepan
couldn't cum and he became obedient in sex again. Stepan sucked for a while
and then Vasily took him and put him on his knees with his belly down and
his sexy ass in front of his eyes and you could spank it, put your fingers
in it, kiss it and of course fuck it, which Vasily did, but before that he
spread his buttocks apart and spit on his asshole and started to put his
finger in it. He fucked with his finger for about five minutes and then
stuck a second one in and Stepan started moaning from this invasion of his
ass and Vasily asked him, does it feel good? and Stepan cracked up and
said, yes.

- See darling, I told you that you had a rough childhood and someone raped
you and probably abused you a lot, but do you like what I do to you?

- Yes, I like it, you make me always feel good and I want to be with you.

- I like you too Stepan and I'd like to take you with me for the new year,
but I'm afraid the officers will misunderstand me and Vassily picked Stepan
up and started kissing him on the lips and Stepan just melted from such
love of Vassily and opened his mouth and let his tongue in and their kiss
was passionate and long and Stepan hugged Vassily and didn't want to let
him go, but Vasily offered to have another drink and wanted Stepan to tell
him about his life before the army and when they had a drink Stepan gave in
and cried because no one had ever loved him and Vasily showed him his love
and Stepan started his story.

- I vaguely remember my father; I was maybe 4 years old when he was not
with us and my mother soon remarried. Uncle Sasha was kind to me at first
and it seemed to me that he could replace my father, but about six months
after he started living with us, he treated my mother worse and worse and I
felt sorry for my mother when she cried and when Uncle Sasha went to work
and my mother and I were alone, I was with her all the time and asked her
to leave him and we could live without him, but my mother cried and told me
that it would be difficult for us without him, even though he treated her
badly. Uncle Sasha had a huge penis, I saw it later when I woke up at night
and went to the bathroom, and their door was open and the night light was
on. They were sleeping naked and not covered, and I saw his cock, which was
standing up and was huge and I had an urge to go over and look at it, so I
quietly went into their room and approached Sasha's uncle. It was something
so unusual to me because I had never seen a cock like that before, and even
standing up, I was 6 years old at the time, and I reached out my hand and
took it. It was hot and thick in my hand and I couldn't grasp it, but I
held it and didn't want to let go and at that time Uncle Sasha opened his
eyes, saw me holding his dick and said, Stjepa or sleep and tomorrow we'll
talk and I let go of his dick and he rolled over on his side and went to
sleep. I left the room and went to the bathroom. While I was peeing, I
looked at my dick and it was small and I couldn't understand how he got it
so big. I came back from the toilet and went to bed but I couldn't fall
asleep so fast because I was thinking about it but then I fell asleep and
when I woke up in the morning, I didn't feel very good and I felt like I
had done something bad. After breakfast, Uncle Sasha called me into the
garage where he closed the door and beckoned me over to him. He sat me on
his lap and started talking to me.

- Stjepa, all boys have a penis, but it's different. Some grow faster and
become big and thick, and some do not grow fast and can be small, and then
boys in adolescence, when their penis is small, feel not as complete as
those who have a big penis. What kind of dick do you think I have?

- Uncle Sasha, you have a huge dick, and I think there's probably no other
dick as big as yours.

- Yes Stjepa, I have a big dick and I think you'd like to see it again and
touch it, don't you?

- I guess so.

Uncle Sasha took me off his lap and unbuttoned his pants and took them off
together with his underwear and his cock and balls were revealed to
me. Then I could not see it so clearly than now in the daytime and Uncle
Sasha was not shy to show me his cock.

- You can touch as much as you want, I will not say anything bad to you, on
the contrary, I will tell you how to do the right thing and give a man
pleasure, take my cock in your hand.

I took his cock in my hand, and Uncle Sasha told me to gently and gently
move my hand up and down, and I started to do that and his cock began to
increase in size quickly.

- See how big my dick is? You should do it from childhood too, what are you
doing with my dick now and tell me Stjepa, do you like to see and do it?

- Yes, it's so mesmerizing that I can't stop and I want to stroke my dick.

- Then let's do it this way, you take off your pants and I'll do it to you
too.

I agreed with Uncle Sasha and took off my pants and my cock was so small
that I was even ashamed, but Uncle Sasha calmed me down and said that it
was normal for my age and took my cock and began to gently make the same
movements that I made to his cock. I liked it and I wanted Uncle Sasha not
to finish with his hand to make me feel good, but he said, that's enough
for today, and tomorrow if you have time, you can continue, and now bend
over and kiss my head. I was a little confused and I thought it was
something bad, but Uncle Sasha kissed my cock and said there was nothing
bad about it and I bent down and kissed his head too. We put on pants and
Uncle Sasha said that no one should know about this secret and then we will
do this and enlarge your dick, otherwise we will never have it again. For
me the word "never" was like thunder and so I didn't tell anyone about it
and our sessions with Uncle Sasha continued and I wanted and liked to make
such movements and kiss his cock because he did the same with me and he
didn't seem so rough with my mom, although he was really rough and as I
grew up and my fascination with cock grew, I started to be with Uncle Sasha
more and took his side and became rough with my mom too. My mom tolerated
this attitude until the time and when I turned 12, she left us and Uncle
Sasha and I were on our own and from that time he also became more rough
with me because he needed the sex he was getting from my mom and when I
turned 13 he raped me. It was the creepiest day of my life, I thought I was
going to hang myself or vomit or get sick from it and die, but I stayed
alive and Uncle Sasha was now harassing me constantly and I wasn't just
jerking his cock now, but I started sucking it and my asshole was hurting
constantly from his invasion of me. He began to explain to me that I was
now a faggot and was made for his pleasure so he would relieve his sexual
stress on me and he oppressed me mentally and shielded me from all my
friends. I became his whore and he would fuck me and waffle me whenever he
wanted. He started coming home from work drunk a lot and he smelled like
booze and it was disgusting to me and he would get me on my knees and I
would suck his huge dick. How many times I blamed myself for staying with
him, even though my mom urged me to leave with her, but Uncle Sasha
captivated me with his cock wanking that I traded my mom for it and she
left to another city and didn't even leave her address. So, it went on
until I left to go to school, but before that day, Uncle Sasha came home
very drunk and grabbed me by the hand and dragged me into his bedroom and
forcibly tore all my clothes on me.

- Come on little bitch suck my cock and putting me on my knees he put his
stinking cock in my mouth. He must have pissed before, because he smelled
piss, and he poured it on me in some parts of my clothes, and I sucked that
stinking cock, which didn't want to get up, because Uncle Sasha was pretty
drunk and soon, he fell on his bed and fell asleep. I was so angry with him
and I wanted to do something bad to him and when I saw his bare ass I
decided to fuck him, especially since I was leaving tomorrow and he
wouldn't be able to do anything to me. I took the lube from the nightstand,
which was always meant for me, and after lubing his asshole and my cock,
which at that moment I had, I put it in his ass and started fucking him. He
was sleeping soundly and I fucked him and noted for myself that fucking a
guy in the ass was very pleasant, as my cock was warm, squeezed by his
point and from such friction and pleasure I began to cum in his ass and
when I cummed, it seemed to me not enough what I did with him and found an
anal plug in his nightstand, put it in his point and went to sleep. My
sleep was strong and when I woke up in the morning, I went to his room to
see what was wrong with him, but he was lying in his bed and from the
strong sleep he was pissing and stinking of urine and I decided to piss on
him too, since I hadn't pissed yet and took out my dick and started to piss
on him. I enjoyed it and after that I had a quick meal, my things were
already packed and I left home and went to school. I enjoyed it and after
that I had a quick meal, my things were already packed and I left home and
went to school. I blocked his phone number and he never called me and I
never went home again, but I was looking for my mom and looking ahead, I
found her only at the end of the school and we met before the army. The
only thing I was grateful to him for was that he had a special penis
enlargement device and he enlarged my penis with this device and it was big
and thick. In the school I joined the wrestling section because I wanted to
be strong and fight back and I met the captain of the team, his name was
Kirill, he was very dense and pumped up and he taught me a lot of things
besides what the coach taught me. Under the New Year all the students
started to go home, and since I broke up with my stepfather, I had nowhere
to go and Kirill offered me to spend the weekend with him, and I agreed. He
lived in a private house and his place was very nice. They had a lot of
space, but he offered me to spend the night in his room, as there was
another bed and I agreed. In the evening, when his family sat down to
dinner, I was with them and sat next to Kirill and we talked a lot and his
parents were interested in my family and Kirill asked his mother not to
pester me with such questions, as Stepan had a very difficult situation in
the family and he would stay with me for the whole vacation. Mom stopped
pestering me with such questions and our conversation moved to a calmer
direction and at the end of the dinner Kirill continued to wine me, and we
drank and said goodbye, and went to his room. It was warm in his room, you
can even say very warm and I wanted to undress, and Kirill supported me in
this, and we sat with him in his underwear, and I noticed that his
household also had an impressive size, although at training I did not
notice it, before and Kirill did not try to bathe with all the guys and
always went home and there took a shower. He turned on the game because he
liked to play tanks and we were fighting against another team and a couple
of guys joined us and we were talking and fighting when something went
wrong and there were words like next time I'll fuck you in the ass if you
miss or you'll suck my dick if we lose and there was a lot of that in our
game and those dirty words turned me on and my big dick was standing up and
trying to get out of my underpants. I hid it as best I could but out of the
corner of my eye, I saw that Kirill was aroused and his big cock was
sticking out too and its bulge was obvious. We stopped the game and Kirill
offered me another drink and I accepted. He got up quickly so I couldn't
see his big bulge and put on his wide shorts and left the room, this gave
me a little time to correct my bulge and when he came back, he was fine. He
brought one glass and a bottle of wine and an appetizer and told his
parents we were going to bed and locked the door, which surprised me a lot
and I asked him what's the problem, we're not going to sleep yet are we?

- Let my folks know that you and I have gone to bed and they will then go
to bed too and we can have a quiet chat and a drink. O turned on the
night-light and turned off the main light and the atmosphere of intimacy
was created in the room and that was what I was afraid of most of all,
especially when Kirill brought me a drink and I could at some point not
control myself and then I would be finished here in the school, so I
decided if I would drink, I would drink a little bit, so that I would not
get intoxicated quickly and would not disconnect from reality. I took
control of myself and drank a little, although Kirill did not strain me,
but he could drink more than me and for some reason he did not pass out and
I wondered why he just drinks and does not get drunk?

- Stjepa it's already a habit, moreover it's homemade wine and there's not
much strength, so you can drink it like water and my father has prepared a
lot of it.

If you compare Kirill and me, I never drank and even this small strength
was enough for me to start feeling a little drunk, and Kirill drank a lot
and was adequate. We drank this bottle and I wanted to go to the toilet, so
Kirill came with me and we took out our cocks together and started pissing
in the toilet. I looked at Kirill's dick and it was big and I looked a
little more than I should have and he asked me, do you like my dick?

 - I wouldn't say I like it, but I was wondering how long is it?

- Well now let's go to the room and measure our dicks so you don't look at
it again.

I somehow felt uncomfortable and started to justify that I didn't mean it,
but I was just interested, because I was afraid that Kirill might suspect
something wrong, and Kirill simply told me that he didn't care, because my
dick was bigger than yours anyway and you didn't have to worry.

- Kirill, I'm just curious, why don't you shower after training?

- I already told you that I have a very big dick and I don't want guys to
see it.

- So why do you want to show it to me? What if I say something if you tell
me not to tell anyone?

- That would be something to be afraid of. I've known you for four months
and I haven't noticed anything wrong with you. You're a good guy, you're
cute, you're modest and you can keep your mouth shut, so I'm not afraid,
and I invited you to my house because of your qualities and I like hanging
out with you, plus you're making good progress in wrestling, and you and I
are going to wrestle on vacation, so don't relax.

We left the bathroom and came to the room and Kirill again locked the door
and took off everything and stood in front of me completely naked and
looked at me and said, "Go ahead and measure my dick. I was amazed by his
dick and I had to get control of myself quickly, so I asked him where the
ruler was and when I got the answer I went to his desk and took it from
there and measured his dick. We were 16 years old and his penis was the
length of a healthy man and its length was 21 cm and thickness was 5.5 cm
and this is provided that his penis will still grow, but mine was also not
small and a little bit did not reach his penis and this was the merit of
Uncle Sasha and my penis at that time was 20 cm and thickness of 5 cm.

- Now you understand why I don't swim with the boys?

- If I were you, I'd be proud of this device, I bathe with them and they
see my dick.

- Do you have a hard-on when you're walking around naked in the shower?

- No, I don't remember that.

- But I do and you know how uncomfortable it is with such a big dick to
walk on the shower, when guys are looking at you and there's no telling
what they might think in such a situation. We talked some more and went to
bed.

The next day Kirill woke me up at 7 am, and I couldn't immediately
understand what he wanted from me. And it turned out that he always got up
on weekends at this time and did exercises, and now he could fight with
me. We went outside and ran. Kirill always ran 5 km and it was not a load
for him and when we came back we were very sweaty and we still had to train
and we started to wrestle in one of the rooms, which was empty and Kirill
made it as a gym for him and we wrestled there. It was one thing to wrestle
with him in the gym, where we had proper uniforms, but it was another thing
to wrestle with him at home, when we were only wearing shorts and I could
always feel his cock when he was on top of me. Besides fighting with him I
was fighting with myself because the situation was spicy and our cocks were
in a violent state and I was very afraid to give in, not to jump on his
cock and not to start sucking it and so I was very tense and it was wearing
me out very much and I was downstairs and Kirill was lying on top of me and
his cock was against my ass.

- Fuck Stjepa, you're so sexy and I wouldn't mind fucking you now,
especially since I'm so hard from the struggle.

- Kirill, get off me and stop talking about it.

- Don't piss Stepan, I'll only go in and then come out, so what's up?

- Kirill, do you want me to leave?

- How can you take everything seriously; I was only joking.

- You have good jokes, Kirill, but you have a dick and what would I think
of you?

- I'd stick my dick in your ass once, who'd know? Personally, I wouldn't
tell anyone that we did it and you're a nervous wreck, Stepan.

- Well, I would look at you if I was lying on top of you and my dick was in
your ass and everything you said now, I would say it to you and I wondered
what your reaction was at that moment?

- Okay Stupa, we've forgotten and moved on, Kirill said and got up off
me. Let's go better buy, because you and I stink like a stinking goat. Are
you buying with me or what?

- Probably after you.

- Are you afraid I'm gonna fuck you in the shower?

- No, I'm just not used to being around you like this, let alone bathing
with you.

- Well, you sit there and stink, and I'm going for a swim.

Kirill took his things and left the room, and I was sitting on the chair
and my heart was pounding so hard that I thought it was going to jump out
of my chest, because it was hard for me to fight with the inner desire and
I started to think that I should probably go to the dorm, otherwise Kirill
would kill me with such talks and I would give up at some stage and then
what?

While I was sitting there thinking, Kirill washed up and got out of the
shower and he yelled to me that the shower was free and I could go. I
grabbed my stuff and went into the shower. While I was bathing, Cyril made
a joke to me and took my stuff and when I got out of the shower my stuff
wasn't there and I panicked and he comes in and laughs at me and gives me a
towel and leaves.

- And the rest of my stuff?

- In the room, you can wrap a towel around you and go, no one will see you
anyway and he left.

I wiped myself and went to the room, but my things were not there, and I
started to get angry with Kirill, but he laughed and ran away from me. I
followed him, and he jumped out of the room and snatched my towel, which I
had covered myself with, and I stood naked and realized that I would not go
anywhere further from the room. How much anger was in me, I was ready to
kill Kirill and, in my helplessness, sat on the bunk and almost cried. In
about 10 minutes Kirill came in with a bag and I attacked him, but he
bounced away from me and said in this bag your things and went out. I
opened the bag and was stunned; it was all new stuff as mine was old and I
had nothing to replace it with because I had no money. I sat on the bed and
couldn't understand why Kirill had bought me these things. I looked at them
for a long time and when Kirill came into the room, I was still naked and
looking at the new things he gave me.

- Happy New Year Stjepa, you didn't expect it.

- Who expects such things, especially who am I to you that you did this to
me.

- I just wanted to do you a favor, let it be a little fun, to be beautiful.

- And I thought the hell of you and I wanted to go to the dorm.

- You can go, I'm not holding you by force, just give me back my things and
go naked like that, standing there laughing. Come on, try them on, at least
I'll see if I got your size right.

I started to put on my clothes and all your clothes fit me. I still didn't
believe it was true, and Kirill just sat on his bed and looked at me. I got
dressed and I was overwhelmed with feelings of gratitude and I walked over
to Cyril and hugged him like a brother and told him thank you.

- You can still kiss me; Kirill added and pointed his hand to his cheek and
placed it for a kiss.

I bent down and kissed him on the cheek and he grabbed me and pulled me
onto his bed and started kissing me on the lips and I just lay there in
surprise and did nothing. After a while Cyril stopped and looked at me.

- What dear my newfound brother, unexpected all this from me, huh?

- Actually, yes.

- But nothing today we will celebrate the new year anyway, this is my gift
for you.

- Cyril, you know I can't get you anything, right?

- I know and don't be so tense, you'll give me something tonight, after
dinner, when we sit with parents, everything will be fine, you don't even
have to worry, now let's go eat and we can play.

We ate, played in his room and went outside for a walk. Kirill was very
open and told me about his life and I was so easy with him and I could not
even imagine that today's New Year's Eve night will change everything
between us and our relationship will not be the same and I will become his
slave and he will dominate me and I will hate him even more than my
stepfather, But in the meantime everything was going better and seeing
Kirill's openness, I wanted to be open too, so that my load would not press
on me and I could be with him in peace, and Kirill told me everything and
told me everything and when I wanted to open up to him too, he said that I
could talk to him in the evening and he would listen to me attentively and
I did not even argue and listened to him. Time flew by very quickly and we
went back to his house, changed our clothes and at 11 at night we sat down
at the table and started to eat, talk and drink leisurely. Kirill's parents
were good too, and I envied him that everything worked out so well for
him. It was 12 at night, when our glasses were filled and under the chimes,
we all drank together and then we began to drink and eat more with Kirill,
but he drank more than me and by 2 a.m. we went to the room.

- Tonight, you will sleep with me, Kirill told me and started to undress.

I, of course, did not expect it, but I also began to undress, and Kirill
told me to be undressed completely, as he did, and I took off my underwear,
and went to bed with him. It was a little scary, but the alcohol did its
job and when I got into bed with Kirill, he hugged me, kissed me on the
neck and said that he wanted me to kiss the head of his cock very much.

- Kirill, that's too much.

- No Stjepa, it's just a kiss, for the fact that I bought you clothes, this
will be your gift to me for the new year and threw aside the blanket from
himself and gave me his cock, which was standing and I looked at it wanted
to kiss it and at the same time was afraid of the consequences, but Kirill
pushed me and I bent down and kissed the head of his cock and quickly took
my head away from him.

- Stjepa that's not how I wanted you to kiss, but passionately, so let's do
it again and don't get sloppy.

I bent down to his cock again and started to kiss it better, but Kirill
told me that I had to use my tongue to make the kiss good and I started to
run my tongue over the head of his cock and alternate with kisses.

- Now just take my head in your mouth and work on it with your tongue,
don't be shy, I won't tell anyone anyway and he pressed my neck and his
head was in my mouth.

Passion overcame fear, plus I was drunk and I started sucking his head and
imperceptibly more and more took his cock in my mouth and already I was
bobbing my head on his cock, and Kirill put his hands behind my head and
watched me as I was serving his cock with my mouth and before I cum, Kirill
put his hands on my head and he started fucking my mouth and I was taking
his cock. Kirill was breathing hard and I realized that he would cum soon,
but at that moment I didn't realize what would happen after that, I wanted
Kirill to cum in my mouth and that's why I also tried to help him cum
faster with my tongue and a sharp push of his cock into my mouth and cum
started to fill it and I swallowed it quickly and when Kirill started to
spit it out less, only then I started to taste it. I really liked his cum,
which had a sweet-tart flavor and was a little salty. It was thick and I
even thought it was hearty, as if I had eaten a good meal. I licked his
head for a long time and sucked all the rest of his cum and only then I
stopped and held his cock in my mouth and looked at Kirill, who was looking
at me with a satisfied face. It was obvious that he didn't want my mouth to
stay on his cock and he put his legs on my back so I wouldn't get up and
kept his hands on my head.

- So Stjepa, I see you are an expert in sucking cocks, which means that you
have been used in this art before me, and I would like you not to lose your
skills and learn on my cock, but first we will have a drink and he took his
hands and feet off me. I got up and sat down next to him and didn't know
what to do now, and Kirill got up and left the room naked and went to the
kitchen and took wine and snacks from there and came into the room. I
wanted to get dressed, but he told me that I didn't need to do that and
poured the wine and we drank. He started the conversation and now my whole
life depended only on him.





- Stjepa, are you happy with me?

- Yes.

- Did you like sucking my dick and swallowing my cum?

- Yes

- And you could tell me what happened to you before school, because that
will determine who will know that you like to suck dick.

- Are you gonna speculate on me now?

- Why, you're going to ask me to let you suck my cock, I can see you're
hungry for it.

We had another drink and I was already quite drunk and Kirill asked me
again to tell him about myself and I told him everything, after that we
went to bed, as we were quite drunk and it was already 4 o'clock in the
morning. We slept till 2 pm and if we didn't want to piss we would still be
asleep. Kirill got up and went to the toilet naked and I followed him. We
pissed and went back to sleep and only at 7 pm we woke up and we were
hungry. Kirill told me to sit in the room and he put on shorts and went to
the kitchen. His mom was in the kitchen and he gave her the task of what to
cook for us, sat on the couch and waited. Fifteen minutes later his mom had
everything ready that Kirill had asked for and he took it all and grabbed a
bottle of wine and went to his room. I was sitting on his bed as I was and
I didn't even think of getting dressed, and Kirill looked at me and told me
that now you will always be naked in my room and took out food and wine and
put it on the table and we sat down to eat and drink. I on old yeast got
drunk very quickly and Kirill took off his shorts and spread his legs and
told me to start sucking his cock. I lowered myself down in front of him
and took his cock in my mouth. The first time was scary, but now I didn't
even think about it, I just sucked his cock like I did with Uncle Sasha and
after sucking Kirill's cock, I stood up and looked at him. Kirill looked at
me and realizing that I was waiting for a response from him told me to
start kissing his feet and I knelt down again and started kissing his feet
and sucking his toes. Cyril sat down comfortably on the bed and watched
me. He liked the way I was doing it because his cock was up again and he
was slowly stroking it.

- My balls are mine now, Kirill said and I got up and took his balls in my
mouth and started licking them.

- So you drank your stepfather's piss? I'd like to see that. Let's go to
the bathroom and I'll piss in your mouth. Bitch, you turn me on, I want to
piss in your mouth so bad, get up and let's go.

We went to the toilet naked, and Kirill told me to squat near the toilet
and open my mouth. I opened my mouth and Kirill put his cock in my mouth
and piss poured into it and I started drinking it.

- Fuck, I didn't even believe it, but you're actually drinking my piss.

I was drinking his piss and Cyril kept looking at me and he was like in a
dream because he couldn't believe it. He cum pissed in my mouth and I took
his cock and started licking it.

- Okay faggot get up, let's go to the room, I'll think about what I'm going
to do with you now. We went into the room and Kirill wasn't too worried
that his parents might see him naked with me coming from the bathroom. Now
Kirill started to change quickly towards me and I started to notice that he
was getting lustful and interested in me and what he could do to me. I
began to remember my stepfather again and his face appeared before me and
my heart began to fill with fear and what Kirill could do to me now. Maybe
he would keep quiet at first, but the power over me would open many doors
for him and he would behave openly, and then all the guys would find out
about me and everything I wanted to hide would come out and I would get
beaten up again, just like my stepfather had done to me. Pain filled my
heart and tears welled up in my eyes, and I begged Kirill not to tell
anyone for me. I fell on my knees and started kissing his feet, begging him
to keep it between us.

- So Stupa, it's late, the more we are tired and I need time to think it
over. You sleep with me and you will serve me and it will depend on whether
I will keep silent about you or not, let's go to bed quickly.

I got on the bed and pressed my ass against Kirill so he could put his dick
in it when he felt like it and Kirill hugged me and kissed me and that
calmed me down and we fell asleep. At night I had nightmares and my
stepfather looked like Freddy Krueger and I kept running away from him and
when I had to get up in the morning I was so broken I didn't want to do
anything but lie in bed and do nothing. Kirill looked good and his hard-on
told me that he wanted me to service him and through the strength of my
weakness I reached down and took his cock in my mouth and started sucking
it and Kirill let out a low moan, and then he started to move his hips
actively and I realized that he was on his way and a jet of his cum hit my
mouth, followed by another jet and three more jets and I swallowed it and
the last spurt and Kirill himself with his hands pressed my head to his
cock and did not let me go and I worked with my tongue and sucked the last
drops of his cum and when Kirill's orgasm was over, he let me go and
relaxed and I still had his cock in my mouth.

- Fuck Stjepa, your stepfather trained you well and I'm starting to like
your work and I already have some thoughts about you and if you serve me
well, no one will know about your hidden nature, so try to please me and
I'll keep my mouth shut. So the first thing you have to remember is that I
will do whatever I want with you. I am your master, is that clear to you?

- Yes, master, I understand.

- You're quick to grasp my thoughts, I like that. Second, at my first
request you drop everything and do what I tell you to do, is that also
clear?

- Yes, master, and I understand that too.

- Well done, then you and I will make good progress on this. Next, I know
that you are on your own now and you have no money, so I will take care of
you and buy you the clothes you will wear, for that you will wash my
clothes that I will give you, also you will go to the toilet with me and
wipe me when I take a shit or just drink my urine. And lastly, anything I
get in my head, you will do it, in public or not, it shouldn't matter to
you. Any questions?

- No, master, I have no questions.

- Well then, you and I have a full agreement and from today you are my
slave and I will punish you both for business and just for prevention. And
now that we have clarified all these issues and you have agreed, I want you
to get on all fours and I will sit on top of you and you will roll me
around the room.

I got on all fours and Kirill sat on top of me and slapped me on my bare
ass and said, let's go my horse and I started to drive him around the room,
and Kirill laughed at me and slapped my ass with his hand. I rode him for
about 20 minutes until he got bored and then we went to bed. Kirill pressed
me to him and said, my slave must feel his master and learn to guess his
desires, and I will teach you this, and now to sleep and kissed me. I could
not sleep for a long time, as I realized that from the hands of one tyrant,
I fell into the hands of another tyrant and what awaited me, I did not
know, but the fact that Kirill had a pronounced trait to command, means one
thing, he will train me like a dog. The morning started as usual, Kirill
got me up at 6:30am and made me drink his piss and after that I started
sucking his cock and he cum in my mouth and we went out for a run. Kirill
was running in front and I could see his sexy ass and I had this scene
playing out in my head where I'm fucking him in the ass and he's begging me
to feel sorry for him, but I have such hatred for him that I'm ripping his
asshole open and he's bleeding. Cyril's voice brought me out of my
fantasies and I picked up speed to run alongside him. When we finished our
run we went straight to the weight room, stripped down to our underwear and
started wrestling. Kirill wrestled very well and kept getting me on my
back, then he would explain to me the reason for my mistakes and we would
try again to consolidate his teachings. I started to understand my mistakes
and quickly learned and Kirill liked it and he said that now we would
wrestle naked and if he put me on my stomach he would fuck me in my ass and
we wrestled hard, but I was already tired and Kirill put me on my
stomach. I felt his cock on my ass, and he lay on me and said, well, you
lost, I'm going to fuck you now, and you have to tolerate my dick in your
ass and got up from me, spread my halves and spit on my asshole, and then
on his dick and started shoving it into me. Uncle Sasha fucked me with his
big cock, but Kirill's cock was thicker and it hurt, but Kirill pushed his
cock in until it was completely inside me, and then he lay on top of me and
started moving his ass up and down and again I remembered how Uncle Sasha
fucked me and my tears meant nothing to him, he wanted to satisfy his lust,
and now Kirill was satisfying his and I was just like a whore to them, who
had to take their cocks and endure. I gritted my teeth and endured as
Kirill fucked me and as his orgasm approached, the speed of his cock in my
ass increased. His hands were around my neck and the harder he clenched
them around it, I knew he was about to cum and his contraction became
intense and he started cumming in me and then he collapsed with all his
weight on top of me and was breathing heavily. I was lying underneath him
and his cock was inside me which was throbbing and his cum was flowing down
my rectum into my stomach. Kirill lay on me for a long time, although his
cock had already fallen and began to decrease in size, but he did not hurry
to pull it out, but started talking to me.

- Stjepa I want you two weeks before the start of school, learn to
understand me and

to read in my eyes what I want. I'll punish you if you get it wrong
once. Looking at you makes me want to handcuff you and beat your naked ass
and maybe later I will, but now you come with me to the shower and wash
me. We went to the shower, and I only washed my stepfather when he came
home drunk and made me wash him, and he was often pissed and I had to wash
his clothes so that in the morning he would be clean, otherwise he would
hit me so hard that I cried for a long time after that and now Kirill
became my master and I would wash him for the first time today. We got into
the shower and I took the watering can and started washing him. I started
with his head, went down to his chest, arms, back and wanted to wash his
ass, but Kirill told me to wash his legs and then his ass and cock last. I
did as he told me and when I wanted to wash his cock, Kirill explained how
he sees washing his cock and I realized that I would only wash it with my
mouth. I licked his balls and moved up to his cock. Kirill's cock is big
and thick and I took it in my mouth and began to wash it with my saliva and
carefully with my tongue licked his head and all the places under the skin
and when I did everything as he wanted, now it was up to Kirill to wash me
and his washing was to fuck me well in the ass and then put his cock in my
mouth, and then I had to wash myself. He put me on my back, soaped my ass
and started to drive his cock into it. It hurt so badly that I howled, but
Kirill kept shoving his dick in me and until he got it all the way in, he
didn't stop.

- Be patient, because I will always enter you this way and believe me your
ass will get used to it and your asshole will stretch and you will adjust
to me, not I to you and started moving his cock inside me. He fucked me in
different ways, then fast, then slow, then up to my balls and pulled me so
sharply that the pain didn't stop and I howled under him, and Kirill
thought it was a good sign that he was fucking me right. He had cum in my
ass and now I had to lick his cock so that it was shiny and when I did, he
got out and went to his room and I started to wash myself. I washed up and
went into the room and Kirill was sitting on the bed talking to someone on
the phone and as they were talking, I realized that he was talking to
Kostya and I was a little afraid of Kostya too, because he was always
aggressive with me. They talked, and Kirill told me that now we were going
to go to Kostya's house, so let's get dressed. I had nowhere to go, so we
went to visit Kostya. His room was cozy, a big bed, a wall-mounted TV, a
music center, a computer, a printer and a very comfortable table. On the
walls there were different posters of wrestlers and one had girls on it. I
was restrained, as I didn't know what we would talk about, and as Kostya
and Kirill were good friends I somehow had an idea that Kirill would give
me up to him and Kostya noticed it at once and asked me why I was so
restrained?

- Kostyan, Stepan lives with me now and I took him into my care, you know
his situation and at the same time we fight at my house, and I wanted you
to come and fight with him too, so will you come?

- Why not, there's nothing to do on vacation anyway, and at least I won't
have to gain weight again. What time do you work out?

- We get up at 6:30, then we jog and then we wrestle, so it would be nice
if you came to jog too.

- All right, I'll be there at 6:30, what are we gonna do now? How about we
play some games?

- No problem, you're the boss, you call the shots. We decided to play for
keeps, and Kostya and Kirill were the first to sit in front of the computer
and play Star Wars. I sat in the back and watched the game, as I had never
played it and I needed to understand how to play and while they were
playing, I wanted to go to the toilet and went out. I was gone for a couple
of minutes and Kostya lost and when I came in they had already agreed that
the loser would take off one thing to make it interesting to play and
whoever remained naked would fulfill any wish of the winner, we agreed and
I sat down to play instead of Kostya. I lost quickly and took off my shirt,
then Kostya lost and also took off his shirt. I sat down to play and lost
again and took off my pants and I was left with my socks and underwear
on. Then Kirill lost and took off his shirt, after him Kostya lost and took
off his pants, I lost and took off my socks and all I have to do is play my
underwear and I will sit naked. There was a hard fight between Kirill and
Kostya and Kirill lost and took off his pants and now I sat down instead
and lost my underpants. I got out first and sat naked and Kostya and Kirill
had the same clothes and they started fighting each other hard and Kirill
lost and took off his socks, then Kostya lost and took off his socks and
now the last fight between them and they were so tense that they were no
longer distracted by anything and their fight was hard. I was so engrossed
in their fight that when Kostya lost I let out such a long groan that
Kirill looked at me and asked, you didn't want me to win?

- No, it's just that you were playing so enthusiastically that it was just
a pity that it happened that way.

- Now I'm going to give you a task and you have to do it, are you ready for
it?

I fucked up really badly, because I knew what Kirill might throw out now,
but I have to answer him, so I said that I was ready. Kirill said something
in my ear to Kostya, and he smiled and looked at me so much that I
immediately realized what his wish was and Kirill said that his wish was
that I sucked Kostya's dick. Kostya was satisfied, and I was down and I
could not say anything to Kirill against him, because I was on the hook, I
just looked at him with a pitying look and went to Kostya and knelt down in
front of him.

- Come on, start sucking his cock, especially since you love it.

After these words everything inside me fell down and I put my head down on
Kostya's cock and took it in my mouth. I started sucking it and Kirill said
to Kostya, I told you that he will suck your cock, he is my personal slave
from yesterday and he will do whatever I tell him and that's why Kostya you
should not tell anyone for it, unless I decide to say it myself, okay?

- Agreed, but on one condition, that now he will suck my cock too and then
I won't tell anyone. How come he's sucking your dick anyway?

- A faggot will always give himself away, you just need the right time and
the right place and show him your dick and it's hard for him to resist. He
looked at my dick and fucked up.

- Listen Kirill, did you fuck him in the ass, because I want to fuck him so
badly?

- This motherfucker has a fucking ass, and under my dick he moans so much
that I want to fuck him all the time.

- Kirill, can I fuck him in the ass too?

- Yes, in principle you can, but promise that no one will know.

- I promise, I swear I won't tell anyone.

Kirill turned to me and told me to stand up. I stood up and no longer
looked into Kirill's eyes, much less Kostya's, I was ashamed because Kirill
had betrayed me, even though I had promised not to tell anyone, and I bent
over and spread my buns apart. Kostya came over to me and started stroking
my ass and it felt so good, and he also got excited and spit on my hole and
on his cock and shoved it into me.

- Fuck Kirill, you're lucky to have a fag under your arm, you're lucky,
I'll come to you every day now, we'll have the best wrestling, right
faggot?

- Yes, Kostya, wrestling will be the best for us.

Kostya fucked me with such passion that you could say that the dust was
flying behind him. I was moaning under his cock, and Kostya was fucking me,
and in order not to sit in vain Kirill put his cock in my mouth, and they
had me in two thrusts and looking at each other started cumming in me.

- Fuck how cool, said Kostya, no, you can't share such a faggot with
anyone, you should keep him only for your own needs. What else can your
faggot do? What else have you done with him?

- He's still drinking my urine, and I haven't done anything with him yet,
but we agreed that any order I give him is law and if he breaks it, I'll
punish him. By the way, Kostya, don't you need to wash your underwear, my
faggot likes to do it.

- Not yet, but I have to piss. Come here, faggot, you'll be my toilet
today.

I crawled over to Bones and took his dick in my mouth.

- Look at me faggot and never take your eyes off me when you're servicing
me, got it? And he slapped my face really hard with the palm of his
hand. If one drop falls on the floor, you'll have your fucking tongue all
over my room.

Before I could even answer him, his piss flowed into my mouth and I started
drinking it fast. I looked into his eyes and saw such lust in them that I
realized that now Kostya wouldn't just get off me and it would be good if
he didn't tell anyone, but his lust could give me away because he could
catch me anywhere and make me do something to him. While I was thinking
about it, Kostya grabbed my hair and pulled my head hard against his. His
hair on his cock tickled my nose and I wanted to sneeze, but I realized
that if I did that now my piss would spill onto the floor and I would have
to lick it all up with my tongue, so I grabbed my nose with my hand and
pressed it down a little to relieve the pressure on it so I wouldn't
sneeze. My eye contact with Kostya didn't stop and I was afraid of him, and
he, seeing my pathetic state, smiled evilly at me and said that he would
help Kirill to keep me in check, as he likes to watch BSDM and gets great
pleasure from it. . He finished pissing in my mouth, but he didn't pull his
cock out, and I started sucking it again, and it started to rise up in his
mouth, and I sucked until it got hard and Kostya put me on my ass again and
started fucking me again. I think if Kostya was my master he would have
just wiped me out, because he had a lot of ideas in his head, but there was
no place to put them, but now that he had me, he was satisfied. He fucked
me and told Kirill that his parents would be here soon and we had better
leave, and tomorrow 6:30 he would be at our place, we got dressed and went
home. We had a quieter evening and before we had to go to bed Kirill fucked
me and I slept with him. In the morning he got me up at 6 o'clock and I
drank his morning piss and sucked him until Kostya came and when Kostya
came we went for a run and as usual we ran 5 km and came home and went
straight to the gym and started wrestling with each other. The only good
thing about all this was that even though these two guys fucked me hard and
abused me, they taught me how to wrestle hard and it made me look good
against them, but I was still their slave and did everything they told
me. Kostya gave ideas to Kirill and he implemented them in my life, plus
his parents had money and they didn't question what he needed it
for. During those two weeks of vacation, I got used to the idea that Kirill
and Kostya were my masters and could do with me as they saw fit. After each
training session they fucked me in my mouth and ass, pissed in my mouth and
made me drink it all, and then Kostya showed me what else they could do to
me and tied me to the toilet face up and when they went to the toilet they
pissed right into me and when I couldn't take their piss, it just dripped
from my face right into the toilet and it could take them all day, when
Kostya wasn't in a hurry or didn't have to go anywhere. He also advised
Kirill to buy a collar for me, so that I would wear it all the time, and he
also advised to make a cage for me, so that I could stay there in a
half-bent state and could not even move or straighten my stiff legs and
arms. Bones liked to abuse me, and Cyril also got into the taste and became
more cruel to me and liked to hurt me. They would tie my hands and feet and
take a candle and light it and the wax would drip on my body and hurt
me. They would also hang me by my hands and I would hang for so long and my
hands would just swell and I often couldn't feel them and when they let me
go, I would just fall to the floor from helplessness and blood would start
running down my hands and it was very painful too. And a few times Kostya
would come with his bat and shove it up my ass and I would get on all fours
and ride them like a horse and he would fuck me at that moment with his bat
and hit my ass. They would tie a load to my balls and that's how I had to
walk around with it, that's why my balls are big. Kostya had taught Kirill
to be cruel to me and not to consider me, but still Kirill would put me in
his bed at night and hug me and kiss me and that made up for the abuse I
had to endure from them a little bit and so those two weeks were over and
we had to go back to school, and me to the dormitory, but Kirill reminded
me that I had to do what he wanted at the first call from him, otherwise I
would be punished, and if I messed up another time, it meant that all the
guys from our class would know about me, and what was waiting for me, I
didn't even want to think about it. After every training session Kostya and
Kirill gave me their sweaty underwear and socks, and I went to wash them
and eventually I liked it, because I smelled them and I liked the smell of
sweat. When we finished wrestling I had to lick their legs, balls, cock,
ass and armpits. Kostya was much more sweaty than Kirill and the smell of
his sweat was very acrid and at first I thought I would burp right there on
the spot, but I got used to his smell and didn't react to it so much, but I
liked the smell of Kirill's sweat immediately and did it all with
pleasure. The only problem I had at the moment was the collar I was now
wearing and I asked Kirill if I could not wear it while I was in the
dormitory and at school, and Kirill allowed me not to wear it, but as soon
as I stepped over the threshold of his house, I had to put it on at once,
before Cyril saw me and if I made a mistake in this, then I would wear it
all the time and everyone would see it and I thanked him and tried to put
it on as soon as I went to his house, still on the street, so that when
Cyril opened the door to me and I was already wearing it. But once his mom
opened the door and saw the collar on me and asked, "What is this? Does
Cyril make you wear it?

- No, it doesn't make me wear it, I need it when we fight, it has to be on
me as my neck veins are getting very inflated and I don't want them to
burst. I don't know if I convinced her or not, but she never asked me any
more questions about the collar when she saw me wearing it.

- Stepan, let's have a drink, because your story is going to be long, the
doctor said.

They drank and Vasily Ivanovich suggested that next time Stepan should tell
him what had happened to him, but now you should probably go to the unit
and I beg you very much to be a little gentler with Kolya, you had been
through it yourself and you understood how hard it was. They shook hands,
and Stepan left the infirmary and went to the company. He was not very
drunk, but the fact that I had to be punished today was in the forefront of
his mind, and what the doctor asked him to do, he simply did not take into
account, because his soul was badly wounded by Uncle Sasha, Kirill and of
course Kostya, and the only thing Stepan wanted to do was to hurt me very
much and take all this pain in me, but he didn't realize that the more he
hurt me, the more he would want to do it and his sick mind and perversion
would only push him harder to hurt me, because it turned him on and Stepan
couldn't have normal sex without it. His huge cock was looking for an
outlet for his sexual tension and he was getting it through raping me and
maybe Stepan realized that he was hurting me, but his cock was driving his
desires and it was driving him to do it.



to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Tue, 10 Dec 2024 08:24:58 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 10 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me at:
Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 10 chapter

I came to the medical center after lunch and there, besides the doctor, was
Stepan and they had a bottle of vodka on the table, snacks and were
drinking together.

- Come in, the doctor said to me and when I approached, he ordered me to
take off my pants and come closer to him.

I went up to him and took off my pants. Vasily Andreyevich passed his hand
over my labia and put his finger inside me and started to run it along my
walls from the inside and caused me to moan in pleasure.

- Does it feel good?

- Yes, I answered.

- Is someone fucking you?

- Yes, I answered.

- Well still I feel some scars and I think they are related to the
violation of being fucked by some huge object, is that right?

It was hard for me to say yes and I looked at Stepan and he says to me;

- Why are you looking at me faggot, just say that you have offended me and
I fucked you with my big and long cock.

I had a face like I had a bucket of cold water poured on me from Stepan
talking about it so easily in front of the doctor like that.

- Stepan, he really needs to heal and you can't fuck him. You and I agreed
that only Zhenya will fuck him and no one else and when I tell you that
it's okay, then fuck him as much as you want, but now please promise me
that you won't fuck him and he looked at Stepan.

Stepan gave him no answer, and Vasily Andreevich asked him the same
question again, and Stepan lowered his head and said;

- He's going to be punished today, and I can't guarantee that this faggot
won't be fucked in the cunt.

While they were talking Vassily Andreyevich was driving his finger inside
me and arousing lustful desires in me and my cunt was flowing from his
finger and I was holding back a moan of pleasure.

- You can moan Kolya, I can see that you feel good from my finger and your
cunt is flowing, now go lie down on the couch and start stimulating
yourself with your finger, and we'll have a drink.

I went and lay down on the couch and started to fuck myself with my own
finger, and Vasily Andreevich poured myself and Stepan a drink, then Vasily
Andreevich got up, went to his cabinet, took the medicine that was meant
for me and injected it into me.

- Tomorrow I'll be gone and I'll give Stepan your medicine and he'll inject
you, and now you can go.

I left, and they sat drinking for a while longer.

Vasily Andreyevich was 35 years old, a tall and handsome man. His voice was
a little rough, but pleasant, which made him the man of my dreams, to have
a guy like him who could control me and I would always feel his power over
me and at the same time he did not show it defiantly, but he wanted to obey
and do everything he said. At the age of 18 he entered the military medical
academy and studied there for 5 years and with good results he was assigned
to this regiment, in which he has been serving for 12 years. He never had a
girlfriend and never had any socialization with them. His parents were
military men and often moved from place to place, and Vasily was already
used to this way of life. He was the only child in the family because his
mother didn't want to have more children and Vasily slowly got used to
being alone and he often sat in his room and most of the time he studied
and he liked medicine and he was very interested in it and read a lot and
when his parents asked him if he wanted to go to medical university Vasily
happily agreed, but his father warned him that it wouldn't just be a
civilian university, but a military one and Vasily spread his hands apart
and agreed with his father's choice. Vasily loved his father more than his
mother, because she did not want children, and Vasily, when he was still
small, then strongly asked his mother to have a child, and that he had a
brother, but his mother categorically said that we will not have more
children, and that this topic Vasily did not bring up again. Vasily
harbored a grudge against his mother and whenever there was an opportunity
for him to scold her for this, he never missed such an opportunity and on
this ground there were always scandals with his mother and Vasily went to
his father and found his comfort in his presence. He loved to sit on his
lap and hugging him, tell him everything that he had in his heart and there
were never any secrets between them, and when he grew up, he could just lie
in bed with his father and communicate with him and his mother was angry at
their closeness and even on this occasion they also scandalized. The first
time in his life Vasily drank when he was 16 years old. A classmate invited
him to his birthday party and there Vasily got drunk and even shit himself,
and in order not to be scolded by his parents for this, he stayed overnight
at his place, and they slept in the same bed, as there was nowhere else to
sleep, and the classmate did not allow Vasily to sleep on the floor. In the
middle of the night Vasily woke up to go to the toilet and he was thirsty
and went to the toilet, then he woke up his classmate and asked him to
bring water, he brought vodka by mistake and when Vasily started to drink
it in one gulp he realized what it was, but he did not pour it on the
floor, he said that it was vodka and the classmate went to the kitchen and
took food and water with him and brought it to the room. He and Vasily got
drunk again and went to bed and Denis started kissing Vasya and tried to
get his tongue into his mouth, but Vasya had never kissed anyone and did
not know such subtleties and it was so unexpected for him that he was just
constrained by such a reaction of Denis and just lay in bed and let Denis
kiss him. But as Denis kissed Vasya and stroked him with his hand on his
body, Vasya's cock started to rise and this whole situation started to
excite him and Vasya started to respond to his urges and also giving
himself over to the passions, opened his mouth and his tongue also started
to stick into Denis' mouth and their tongues intertwined and they started
to get strong sexual excitement. Their cocks were hard and they took off
their underwear and already naked continued to hug and kiss each
other. Their hands knew what to do besides their brains and they were
already jerking each other off and Denis pulled away from Vasily and went
down and took his cock in his mouth and started sucking it. Vasily had
never experienced such feelings, it felt so good and his hips started to
move up and down and he wanted to put his cock in Denis's mouth as much as
possible, but Denis couldn't take such a cock in his mouth completely and
so he choked on it and almost vomited on the bed. 17 cm of live meat in his
mouth was a lot for Denis, but Vasya wanted more and Denis suggested to him
that Vasya fuck him in the ass. Denis had fucked himself in the ass with a
dildo before, but tonight he would have a real cock in his ass and so he
got up, went to the nightstand and got some lube and went back to bed. He
lubed his asshole and Vasya's cock and stood in front of him and Vasya put
his cock in him and started fucking him and enjoyed it so much that he
didn't want to get his cock out of his ass, but Denis promised that now
they could meet more often and he would fuck him all the time. They went to
the bathroom and went back to bed. Denis couldn't believe his happiness as
he always liked Vasya, but seeing his somewhat withdrawn nature he didn't
know how to make a relationship with him and today they were firmly
connected between the two of them and all the way to the university, Vasya
fucked Denis. They fell asleep and didn't wake up until 10:00 am. It was a
Sunday afternoon, there was no hurry, their heads ached, their mouths stank
and the dryness was such that they could drink a gallon of water like
camels. Denis sat on the edge of the bed with Vasya lying on top of him and
he told Denis he wanted to piss but he didn't want to get out of bed. Denis
looked at Vasya and told him jokingly that he was very thirsty, and Vasya
grinned and answered, let's not let each other die, I because I want to
piss and you because you are thirsty, and they laughed together, but then
Denis asked Vasya, how would he feel about such a person who drinks urine?

- What's the big deal, one pissed, the other drank, I think it's okay,
Vasya answered, because he realized what Denis was hinting at, so he said,
Denya I understand that you don't mind drinking my urine, right?

Denis hesitated a bit, but Vasya insisted on his question and said, you can
do it and I won't tell anyone and I will treat you exactly the way I
treated you before and Denis bent down and took Vasya's cock in his mouth
and Vasya just started pissing in it as if he did it all the time and Denis
drank Vasya's piss pretty fast as if he drank it all the time. Vasya
finished pissing in Denis' mouth and asked him to suck him off and Denis
kept sucking and Vasya's dick got hard and he asked Denis to fuck him again
and they fucked again and when Vasya cummed in Denis' ass he kissed him and
said that he had never been so happy and he liked pissing in his mouth and
asked Denis how he got like that?

- I was three years old when my father died and my mother had to work more
and I was left in the care of my brother, who was almost 7 years old at the
time. He was still a child himself and it was on his shoulders to look
after me and he was growing up to be responsible for me. He dragged me
everywhere and he became so dear to me that even my mother did not cause me
so much joy than my brother's face and his care for me. He fed me, bathed
me, dressed me, we slept together and he would get up at night and take me
to the toilet, and when he went to school he would take me to the
after-school group and I would stay there until my brother finished his
lessons and we would go home together and again the whole routine would
fall on his shoulders, because he had to learn lessons in addition to what
he always did, and he would go to the swimming club and again he would take
me with him and while he was practicing, someone would watch me. My mother
always came back late from work and we could already sleep and we rarely
saw her, but my brother always taught me to respect my mother, despite the
fact that we almost never see her, but she took care of us in this way and
so he instilled my respect for my mother and only when I got older I began
to understand her and my brother and my respect for him grew constantly and
he was like a father to me and I obeyed him always and in everything and
for me it would be wild if I did not listen to my brother in
something. Years went by and I went to the first grade and it was a little
easier for my brother because I was busy until two o'clock. My brother was
already in the fifth grade, he already had his own friends and I often
stayed with them and hung out with them if my brother had to go to a
swimming competition or something else. My mother was getting old quickly
from such a load, and she could not marry someone, at that time she was 40
years old and in the summer we began to go with my brother to work
part-time in the gardens and pick fruit there and for this we had also not
a bad amount and we also helped my mother and thus it instilled in me a
love of labor, from which I could have money. When my brother was 12 years
old, a friend invited him to his birthday party and we warned mom that we
would spend the night at his place. The birthday party went well, there
were a lot of guys and girls, but my brother and Oleg, that was the name of
the birthday boy, were plotting something among themselves and when
everyone had already left, they went to the bathroom and I was told to sit
in the room while they did their thing. But I was an inquisitive child and
I was very much worried about him, that for me to lose my brother was like
losing my father, so I quietly followed them and when they closed in the
toilet, I just stood at the door and leaned my ear to listen to what they
were saying. The conversation was very unclear and I could not hear all the
words and understand what they were talking about, but there was something
strange about it when I heard my brother's voice and he was talking to Oleg
and he was telling him to take it deeper in his mouth and some wetting
sounds were coming from there and after about 15 minutes my brother's
moaning filled the toilet and I thought he was getting sick and I started
to bang on the door and shout for them to open the door and let me in. Oleg
was very scared of my screaming and what his parents might hear, so he
quickly opened the door and let me in. I saw my brother standing naked with
his pants down and his dick sticking up, and Oleg's lips were all wet and
his face was red and I asked them what were you doing here?

My brother knowing that I won't say anything to anyone and will keep it a
secret, told me simply, Denya it's called sucking candy and when Oleg
sucked my candy, it felt good and so I moaned with pleasure, but you won't
tell anyone anything, because sucking such candy can only be done by close
friends and you can't share such candy with strangers, is that clear to
you?

- Yes, I understand and I won't say anything to anyone, but can I suck such
candy too?

- We'll come home and I'll tell you about it more calmly, but now go to
your room and wait for us and don't peek at us anymore, okay?

- Okay, I answered grudgingly and went to my room.

My brother and Oleg came back in about 15 minutes, and I was sitting there
thinking about these candies and why you can't give them to strangers and
why you can only share them with very close friends. I slept with my
brother and that was the first night we slept naked because he told me that
it was better to sleep that way and I noted that my brother was right and
after that we slept naked all the time and in the mornings his dick was
standing up and often against my ass when I slept with my back to him. We
got home after the birthday party and I immediately asked my brother about
this candy and if he had it, could I suck it?

- Denya We'll talk about this when we go to bed,, but now there are a lot
of things that we need to do with you and my brother taught me to work
around the house and do as much work as I could at that time. Evening came
and I started pestering my brother again about this candy and he laid me on
my back and took off my clothes and told me that he was going to make me
very nice now and I should close my eyes and not peek while he was doing it
to me. I closed my eyes and my brother took my dick in his mouth and
started sucking it and he did it well and it felt good and I felt good and
because it felt good I didn't even want to open my eyes and he sucked my
dick for a long time and I just from that pleasant state told him that I
also wanted to make him feel good and we switched places and now I took his
dick in my mouth, which was already standing in his mouth and started
sucking and my brother told me how to do it right to give pleasure and I
sucked and learned and my brother had an orgasm, but there was no cum and
he raised his hips and put his hands on my head and wouldn't let me take it
away and told me to keep sucking and that I was doing it right and his
condition was from my doing it right to suck his cock and when he's older
he'll experience that pleasure too and now he told me, that I should learn
from him how to suck his cock and give him pleasure and after that night I
sucked his cock every time and I liked it so much that now when he is not
around and I want it so much, I just climb the wall from the incredible
desire to suck someone's cock.

- Okay, you sucked your brother's cock, but how did you do it with urine?

- It was one summer when my brother was 14 years old and I was 10 years old
at the time and we went to the garden to earn money and agreed with a local
guy about accommodation and he gave us a room where my brother and I lived
all summer and we warned my mom so that she knew where we were and did not
worry about us. My mom bought us a cell phone so we could communicate, and
we made a decent amount of money when we got home. And we had hard work
ahead of us, and we would come to our room in the evening and we didn't
even have the strength to wash, we just fell on the bed and fell asleep in
our clothes. It was good that my brother negotiated for food so we didn't
have to cook and we paid this guy to feed us and he fed us very well. After
a week we started to get into this job and we could already wash after work
and my brother and I went swimming and we always bathed together and I
started washing him and he just started pissing on me.

- What are you doing, I asked him.

- It's called golden shower, it's another interesting detail and there are
people who like to be pissed on, if you want you can try to piss on me and
see how nice it is.

I washed him and now it was his turn to wash me and when he started to wash
me, I started to piss on him and I liked it too and in general, what my
brother did not offer me I liked everything and so we every time when he
came from work and went swimming, we pissed on each other and it also
became part of our sexual games. My brother had cum and when I tasted it
for the first time, I can't say that I liked it, but my brother always told
me that it was good for you, even if you didn't like the taste, but with
time you would get used to it and it was really true, I got used to the
taste of my brother's cum and it started to excite me a lot, a month later
this guy had a birthday and we celebrated with him and my brother gave me
some beer to drink, and he and that guy drank vodka and my brother came to
me drunk and poured me some beer. I was stoned too and my tongue was
slurring when I spoke and my brother wanted to piss and offered me a taste
of his piss and I opened my mouth and he pissed in it a little and told me
to swallow. It wasn't pleasant but my brother said it was necessary and I
swallowed. I survived because I thought I was going to die from it and
after that incident, my brother started pissing in my mouth in small
amounts and I got used to the piss and by the end of the summer I was
drinking it like water and he could completely piss in me, that's how my
brother got me used to everything so I could serve him in any way I wanted.

- Yeah, interesting brother you have, did he teach you to piss in your ass
too or how did it happen?

- Yeahhhhh, interesting brother you have, but did he also fuck you in the
ass or how did it happen?

Denis smiled and said, Vasya you are an interesting man, of course, my
brother fucked me in the ass, and I tried it, but I liked it better when he
fucked me.

- And how I fucked you, did you like it?

- Of course Vasya, because you don't need to be taught how to do it, but my
brother taught me everything, and I learned well from him, and he always
praised me and I wanted to do even better for him, and I always tried.

I was 12 years old at that time, and my brother was 16 and he was invited
to a birthday party and he took me with him and got me drunk, and he was
pretty drunk. My brother at that time stopped obeying my mom, and they were
always arguing, and she after such a hard conversation went to her room and
cried, and I often told my brother that you should not run around my mom,
but he was raging hormones and he became uncontrollable. So we got drunk at
a birthday party and didn't go home and the guy who invited us stayed over
and showed us the room where we would sleep and when we closed up,
something came over my brother and he ordered me to quickly undress and
start sucking his cock. I liked sucking his cock but at that moment he was
kind of wild and as I was sucking his cock he lifted me up and ordered me
to assume a prone position and he was going to teach me now how to take his
cock in my ass and I had to keep my mouth closed and not yell. This scared
me but my brother was stronger than me and told me that if I didn't do what
he was telling me he would beat me and I got down on all fours and waited
to see what he would do to me. My brother started licking my asshole and it
felt really good and I started to relax when he pulled his face away from
my asshole, spit on his hand and at that time his dick was against my hole.

- Denya you need to relax as much as possible and not be afraid of what I'm
about to do. You will eventually like it and you will run after me to fuck
you, but now relax your buns and my cock will enter your asshole and at
that moment my brother pressed on my asshole and his head began to enter
me.

- Be patient, I'm going to enter you a little more and then I'll stop. His
cock entered me a little more and my brother stopped. His hands were
stroking me and the pain that I had in my ass was compensated by his hands
that were stroking me everywhere and with one hand he started jerking my
cock and it felt good and I relaxed more and he felt it and pushed his cock
into me and kept stroking me and jerking me a little bit. It took a while
and I didn't even realize his cock was fully inside me, but my ass was
starting to adjust to his size and that initial pain started to subside and
my brother started slow movements with his cock inside me. He had his body
on my back and his head was next to my ear and he was telling me how much
he loved me and how nice it was to fuck my brother and if you wanted to,
you could fuck me too and I wouldn't mind. His voice soothed me because I
was used to obeying him, but I had the urge to shit all the time while he
was fucking me and he told me that it would pass with time and you would
enjoy it. I don't know what exactly it was from but at that moment I
started to enjoy it and my cock started to stand up even though his my
brother was no longer touching it and I started to feel good. The warmth of
my brother on my back, his voice, his drunken breathing, the hot cock in my
ass, it all brought me pleasure and I started to moan little by little and
tell him I felt good and my brother increased the speed of his cock in me,
and then he told me to lie down on the floor and he lay on top of me and
already from such a close touch of our bodies, I just started to fly away
and I really wanted him to fuck me all the time and I started to tell him
about it and my brother moved his pelvis even faster and drove his cock
into me completely frozen in me.

- Fuck Danny, it feels so good to cum in your ass, I wouldn't mind fucking
you again. How are you feeling?

- I feel good, too, and could you stay up and lay on top of me?

- Sure, bro, I'll lie in you some more, especially since it feels good to
feel my dick in the warm mink of your ass.

 We lay like that for about 10 or 15 minutes and my brother told me that he
wanted to piss and he was going to get up from me. I imagined that his body
was moving away from mine and the heat was starting to leave with him and I
asked him not to do that but he had to piss and he started moving away from
me and I cried, I don't know why and my brother lay on me again to calm me
down and he stroked me and told me that he really had to go to the bathroom
or he might start pissing in my ass and I told him that he could piss in my
ass so he wouldn't get up off me and I told him that he could piss in my
ass.

- Bro, don't be silly, my urethra might burst if I don't piss.

- Well do it for me, just lay on top of me, because this is the first time
you fucked me and I want to remember this moment forever and I convinced my
brother and I felt his warm piss start to fill my asshole and it felt
really good and I closed my eyes and wanted this moment to never end. My
brother poured his piss into me and asked, "What's wrong with me?

-I feel really good and I want you to fuck me again.

- I knew you would like it and chase after me, but the second time will be
longer than the first, my brother warned me and slowly, so that his cock
would not come out of my ass, he started to move it and it started to get
up in him and my brother moved harder and faster in me and I started to
moan because his cock touched something inside me and it felt so good that
I couldn't hold it in and told him, more, more, more and my brother cummed
again in me and fell all wet on my body. He was breathing heavily, and I
was lying under him and enjoying it. But no matter how long this pleasant
atmosphere lasted, we had to get up and go to the bathroom and I
reluctantly let my brother get up off me, and so that nothing would come
out of me, he put a paper over my ass and we went to the bathroom. He told
me to sit on the toilet and pour everything out of me and shit came out of
me and then he cleaned me up and we went to bed. We slept like dead and I
loved my brother always, but that night something happened between us and I
told him that I loved him, but not as it was before, but more, probably as
husband and wife, he smiled at me and said that he loved me that way too
and we started to love so much that he fucked me, pissed in my mouth and I
enjoyed it.

- At the age of 14 I stayed by myself, because my brother at the age of 18
went to the army and for two years I had no one until today and if you
Vasya is not against our relationship, then I'm for it, but if it was only
drunk, then I have a big request to you, do not say anything to anyone
about it.

- Don't worry Denis, I won't say anything to anyone and I would like to
continue this relationship with you.

Denis hugged me tightly and kissed me, saying that he would do anything for
me that I didn't ask him to do, or if I wanted something so unusual. Our
relationship with him lasted two years and after I left to study at the
university, but we corresponded constantly and Denis determined my future
path in life and now I wanted to have a relationship with guys and before
Stepan I had three other guys that I chose for a long term service and when
he quit I found another one and now I tied Stepan to me and until the end
of his service he will be my guy that I will fuck.

I left the medical unit, and Stepan stayed with the doctor, and they drank
quietly. Vasily Ivanovich did not want to stay for the new year himself,
but he could not take Stepan to himself, so as not to arouse suspicion, so
he wanted Stepan to stay in his company longer, and he wanted to know his
life before the army, because he realized that all of Stepan's problems
stretch from there.

- Stjepa, please tell me, in your life before the army there were hard
times that influenced you in such a way that you hate Kolya very much,
although he is a very nice guy.

- What do you find good in that faggot, I would hang him by the balls he
doesn't have now and destroy him until he wants to die.

- You speak for him like that, as if he reminds you of yourself and you are
ready to destroy your past, which you had bad and you don't even think
about the consequences that could destroy you.

- Vasily Ivanovich, what makes you think I had a bad past before the army,
do you know me so well?

- You Stepan don't know one thing, that all our problems stretch from
childhood and they determine our behavior in the future and if you don't
deal with your problems that were in childhood, you will never build a good
future in your life and on your way there will always be destruction and
even if in your life there will be a good person, your childhood problems
will destroy it and you will blame everyone but not yourself.

- Yes such faggots have no place in our lives and I have and will continue
to destroy them.

- Stop boiling like a teapot, I studied not only military science and
medicine, but also psychology in my time and your reaction to Kolya is
understandable to me, but I want you to tell me about your problem, which
happened in your childhood and I understand it was very tragic in your
life?

- I didn't have anything like that and you made it up to justify this
faggot and start feeling sorry for him, but he doesn't deserve it.

Vasily Ivanovich, seeing that Stepan didn't want to open up, didn't press
him and offered him another drink. They drank and went outside for a
smoke. Vasily Ivanovich took a very strong drag and slowly let out the
smoke from his cigarette. Stepan didn't smoke, but looked curiously at
Vasily, who was enjoying his cigarette and showing Stepan how he was
blowing rings.

- You've never smoked, Vasily Ivanovich asked Stepan.

- No, never.

- Would you like to take a puff at least once? And he held out his
cigarette to Stepan. Stepan took it in his hands and brought it to his
lips. The tip of the filter was a little bit in the doctor's saliva and
Stepan did not dare to take it in his mouth and Vasily Ivanovich, seeing
his hesitation, told him that it was like sucking a cock, which was
moistened with saliva, so take it and don't be afraid and Stepan put the
cigarette to his lips and took a drag. He puffed very hard and no sooner
had he inhaled the cigarette smoke than he began to cough and Vasily
Ivanovich patted him on the back with his hand and Stepan calmed down from
coughing.

- Don't inhale too much, just a little, try again, the doctor suggested,
and Stepan inhaled a little and he didn't cough as much as he had the first
time.

Vasily Ivanovich threw his arm around his neck and pulled him towards him,
looked into his eyes and their gazes met. They looked into each other's
eyes for a long time, and Stepan couldn't stand the doctor's gaze and
lowered his eyes.

- Are you all right, or maybe this situation reminds you of something?

- No, everything is normal, Stepan lied, because he knew that in his life
he had a situation where he was divorced and then put down or as they say,
made a faggot and for and for a long time he served a guy from his class in
college, and before that he had a stepfather, who after his divorce from
his mother fucked him all the way to the college and he wanted to forget
that period of his life and even went to play sports afterwards, but it
didn't help to forget the humiliation he went through and the doctor
figured it out and Stepan was afraid to repeat the situation, even though
the doctor gave him mouth and fucked him in the ass and still Stepan didn't
want to admit the fact that he was a homo, only hidden and so he lied to
the doctor and lowered his eyes.

- Let's have another drink, said Vasily Ivanovich and took Stepan
inside. They drank and Stepan's tongue began to slip, and Vasily Ivanovich
thought it was time to find out and asked Stepan if he loved him. Stepan
may not have loved him, but he owed it to him that he hadn't turned him in,
but now for this secret, he had to suck him off and give his ass to be
fucked in it by the doctor. To say that Stepan didn't like being fucked
would be wrong, but he had to keep the mask on his face so the doctor
wouldn't think he liked cock in his ass too, but he didn't want to
advertise it. As they drank, the doctor silently unzipped his pants and
spread his legs apart giving Stepan a view of his cock and his balls and
stared at Stepan's face to see in it that he was right about him and Stepan
had had a very difficult childhood. Stepan was also looking at the doctor's
cock and since he had been drinking his guard was down and Vasily saw that
lustful look and pointed his finger at his cock for Stepan to get to
work. Stepan panted for a bit, pretending he didn't like it much, but then
knelt down and took Vasily's cock in his mouth. Vasiliy's cock was very
beautiful, it was perfectly straight, and the head was hidden by the skin,
and to get to the head you had to push away the excess skin and then it was
so red and very smooth it showed out, and the skin was tight around it that
it looked like they were fused together into a whole. Vasily's penis was 19
centimeters long, 4.5 centimeters thick, he had worked on enlarging his
penis himself and had achieved the result. The testicles were slightly
large but had no hair, and the hair around the penis area was neatly
trimmed and short. Stepan kneeling on his knees sucked this beautiful cock,
which quickly rose and filled Stepan's mouth and he could not take it in
his throat, but Vasily did not dominate him, he liked not to oppress his
partner, but to have sex with him and he liked Stepan in this
matter. Stepan was sucking Vasily's cock and his smacking was clearly
audible and Vasily was enjoying the process. Stepan was getting into a
state of ecstasy and any perceived action that he didn't like sucking cock
was gone and Vasily saw this and encouraged him to suck harder and Stepan
tried.

- Move to my balls and go ahead and swallow them both.

Stepan reluctantly left his cock and started sucking and licking Vasiliy's
balls and then took both his balls in his mouth and started licking them
with his tongue and Vasiliy closed his eyes in pleasure and did not say
anything to Stepan as he saw that he was caught up in the process and until
he cummed he had to keep it up and Vasiliy told Stepan to bring a
rope. Stepan knew what it was for and so he got up and went to get the
rope. When he got it, Vasiliy tied his cock and balls so that Stepan
couldn't cum and he became obedient in sex again. Stepan sucked for a while
and then Vasily took him and put him on his knees with his belly down and
his sexy ass in front of his eyes and you could spank it, put your fingers
in it, kiss it and of course fuck it, which Vasily did, but before that he
spread his buttocks apart and spit on his asshole and started to put his
finger in it. He fucked with his finger for about five minutes and then
stuck a second one in and Stepan started moaning from this invasion of his
ass and Vasily asked him, does it feel good? and Stepan cracked up and
said, yes.

- See darling, I told you that you had a rough childhood and someone raped
you and probably abused you a lot, but do you like what I do to you?

- Yes, I like it, you make me always feel good and I want to be with you.

- I like you too Stepan and I'd like to take you with me for the new year,
but I'm afraid the officers will misunderstand me and Vassily picked Stepan
up and started kissing him on the lips and Stepan just melted from such
love of Vassily and opened his mouth and let his tongue in and their kiss
was passionate and long and Stepan hugged Vassily and didn't want to let
him go, but Vasily offered another drink and wanted Stepan to tell him
about his life before the army and when they had a drink Stepan gave in and
cried because no one had ever loved him and Vasily showed him his love and
Stepan started his story.

- I vaguely remember my father; I was maybe 4 years old when he was no
longer with us and my mother soon remarried. Uncle Sasha was kind to me at
first and it seemed to me that he could replace my father, but after about
six months of living with us, he treated my mother worse and worse and I
felt sorry for my mother when she cried and when Uncle Sasha went to work
and my mother and I were alone, I was with her all the time and asked her
to leave him and we could live without him, but my mother cried and told me
that it would be difficult for us without him, even though he treated her
badly. Uncle Sasha had a huge cock, I saw it later when I woke up
accidentally at night and went to the toilet, and their door was open and
the night light was on. They were sleeping naked and not covered, and I saw
his dick, which was standing up and was huge and I had an urge to go over
and look at it, so I quietly went into their room and approached Uncle
Sasha. It was something so unusual to me because I had never seen a cock
like that before, and even standing up, I was 6 years old at the time, and
I reached out my hand and took it. It was hot and thick in my hand and I
couldn't grasp it, but I held it and didn't want to let go and at that time
Uncle Sasha opened his eyes, saw me holding his dick and said, Stjepa or
sleep and tomorrow we'll talk and I let go of his dick and he rolled over
on his side and went to sleep. I left the room and went to the
bathroom. While I was peeing, I looked at my dick and it was small and I
couldn't understand how he got it so big. I came back from the toilet and
went to bed but I couldn't fall asleep so fast because I was thinking about
it but then I fell asleep and when I woke up in the morning, I didn't feel
very good and I felt like I had done something bad. After breakfast, Uncle
Sasha called me into the garage where he closed the door and beckoned me
over to him. He sat me on his lap and started talking to me.

- Stjepa, all boys have a penis, but it's different. Some grow faster and
become big and thick, and some do not grow fast and can be small, and then
boys in adolescence, when their penis is small, feel not as complete as
those who have a big penis. What kind of dick do you think I have?

- Uncle Sasha, you have a huge dick, and I think there's probably no other
dick as big as yours.

- Yes Stjepa, I have a big dick and I think you'd like to see it again and
touch it, don't you?

- I guess so.

Uncle Sasha took me off his lap and unbuttoned his pants and took them off
with his underwear and his cock and balls were revealed to me. Then I could
not see it so clearly than now in the daytime and Uncle Sasha was not shy
to show me his cock.

- You can touch as much as you want, I won't tell you anything bad, on the
contrary, I will tell you how to do it properly and give pleasure to a man,
take my cock in your hand.

I took his cock in my hand, and Uncle Sasha told me to gently and gently
move my hand up and down, and I started to do that and his cock began to
increase in size quickly.

- See what a cock I have? You should do it from childhood too, what are you
doing with my cock now and tell me Stjepa you like to see and do it?

- Yes, it's so mesmerizing that I can't stop and I want to stroke my dick.

- Then let's do it this way, you take off your pants and I'll do it to you
too.

I agreed with Uncle Sasha and took off my pants and my cock was so small
that I was even ashamed, but Uncle Sasha calmed me down and said that it
was normal for my age and took my cock and began to gently make the same
movements that I made to his cock. I liked it and I wanted Uncle Sasha not
to finish his hand to make me feel good, but he said, that's enough for
today, and tomorrow if you have time, you can continue, and now bend over
and kiss the head of my penis. I was a little confused and I thought it was
something bad, but Uncle Sasha kissed my cock and said there was nothing
bad about it and I bent down and kissed his head too. We put on pants and
Uncle Sasha said not to let anyone know about this secret and then we will
do this and enlarge your cock, otherwise we will never have it again. For
me the word "never" was like thunder and so I didn't tell anyone and our
sessions with Uncle Sasha continued and I wanted and liked to make such
movements and kiss his cock because he did the same with me and he didn't
seem so rough with my mom, although he was really rough and as I grew up
and my fascination with cock grew, I started to be with Uncle Sasha more
and took his side and became rough with my mom too. My mom tolerated this
attitude until the time and when I turned 12, she left us and Uncle Sasha
and I were on our own and from that time he also became more rough with me
because he needed the sex he was getting from my mom and when I turned 13
he raped me. It was the creepiest day of my life, I thought I was going to
hang myself or vomit or get sick from it and die, but I stayed alive and
Uncle Sasha was now harassing me constantly and I wasn't just jerking his
cock now, but I started sucking it and my asshole was hurting constantly
from his invasion of me. He began to explain to me that I was now a faggot
and was made for his pleasure so he would relieve his sexual stress on me
and he oppressed me mentally and shielded me from all my friends. I became
his whore and he would fuck me and waffle me whenever he wanted. He started
coming home from work drunk a lot and he smelled like booze and it was
disgusting to me and he would get me on my knees and I would suck his huge
dick. How many times I blamed myself for staying with him, even though my
mom urged me to leave with her, but Uncle Sasha captivated me with his cock
wanking that I traded my mom for it and she left to another city and didn't
even leave her address. So, it went on until I left to go to college, but
before that day, Uncle Sasha came home very drunk and grabbed me by the arm
and dragged me to his bedroom and forcibly tore all my clothes on me.

- Come on little bitch suck my dick and put me on my knees and put his
stinking dick in my mouth. He must have pissed before, because I could
smell his piss, and he poured it on himself in some parts of his clothes,
and I sucked that stinking cock, which didn't want to get up, because Uncle
Sasha was pretty drunk and soon, he fell on his bed and fell asleep. I was
so angry with him and I wanted to do something bad to him and when I saw
his bare ass I decided to fuck him, especially since I was leaving tomorrow
and he wouldn't be able to do anything to me. I took the lube from the
nightstand, which was always meant for me, and after lubing his asshole and
my cock, which at that moment I had, I put it in his ass and started
fucking him. He was sleeping soundly and I fucked him and noted for myself
that fucking a guy in the ass was very pleasant, as my cock was warm,
squeezed by his point and from such friction and pleasure I began to cum in
his ass and when I cum, it seemed to me not enough what I did with him and
found an anal plug in his nightstand, put it in his point and went to
sleep. My sleep was strong and when I woke up in the morning, I went to his
room to see what was wrong with him, but he was lying in his bed and from
the strong sleep he was pissing and stinking of urine and I decided to piss
on him too, since I hadn't pissed yet and took out my dick and started to
piss on him. I enjoyed it and after that I had a quick meal, my things were
already packed and I left home and went to college. I blocked his phone
number and he never called me and I never went home again, but I looked for
my mom and looking ahead, I found her only at the end of army and we didn't
meet before the army. The only thing I was grateful to him for was that he
had a special penis enlargement device and he enlarged my penis with this
device and it was big and thick. In the college I joined the wrestling
section because I wanted to be strong and fight back and I met the captain
of the team, his name was Kirill, he was very dense and pumped up and he
taught me a lot of things besides what the coach taught me. At the New Year
all the students started to go home, and since I broke up with my
stepfather, I had nowhere to go and Kirill offered me to spend the weekend
with him, and I agreed. He lived in a private house and his place was very
nice. They had a lot of space, but he offered me to spend the night in his
room, as there was another bed there, and I agreed. In the evening, when
his family sat down to dinner, I was with them and sat next to Kirill and
we talked a lot and his parents were interested in my family and Kirill
asked his mother not to pester me with such questions, as Stepan has a very
difficult situation in the family and he will stay with me for the whole
vacation. My mom stopped pestering me with such questions and our
conversation moved to a calmer direction and at the end of the dinner
Kirill Kirill continued the wine for me, and we drank and said goodbye and
went to his room. It was warm in his room, you can even say very warm and I
wanted to undress, and Kirill supported me in this, and we sat with him in
his underwear, and I noticed that his household also had an impressive
size, although at training I did not notice it, before and Kirill did not
try to bathe with all the guys and always went home and there took a
shower. He turned on the game because he liked to play tanks and we were
fighting against another team and a couple of guys joined us and we were
talking and fighting when something went wrong and there were words like
next time I'll fuck you in the ass if you miss or you'll suck my dick if we
lose and there was a lot of that in our game and those dirty words turned
me on and my big dick was standing up and trying to get out of my
underpants. I hid it as best I could but out of the corner of my eye, I saw
that Kirill was aroused and his big cock was sticking out too and its bulge
was obvious. We stopped the game and Kirill offered me another drink and I
accepted. He got up quickly so I couldn't see his big bulge and put on his
wide shorts and left the room, this gave me a little time to correct my
bulge and when he came back, he was fine. He brought one glass and a bottle
of wine and an appetizer and told his parents we were going to bed and
locked the door, which surprised me a lot and I asked him what's the
problem, we're not going to sleep yet are we?

- Let my folks know that you and I have gone to bed and they will then go
to bed too and we can have a quiet chat and a drink. O turned on the
night-light and turned off the main light and the atmosphere of intimacy
was created in the room and that was what I was afraid of most of all,
especially when Kirill brought me a drink and I could at some point not
control myself and then I would be finished here in the college, so I
decided if I would drink, I would drink a little bit, so that I would not
get intoxicated quickly and would not disconnect from reality. I took
control of myself and drank a little, though Kirill didn't bother me, but
he could drink more than me, and for some reason he didn't pass out, and I
wondered why he drank so easily and didn't get drunk.

- Stjepa, it's already a habit, moreover, it's home-made wine and there's
not much strength in it, so you can drink it like water, and my father made
a lot of it.

If you compare Kirill and me, I never drank and even this small strength
was enough for me to start feeling a little drunk, while Kirill drank a lot
and was adequate. We drank this bottle and I wanted to go to the toilet, so
Kirill came with me and we took out our cocks together and started pissing
in the toilet. I looked at Kirill's dick and it was big and I looked a
little more than I should have and he asked me, do you like my dick?

 - I wouldn't say I like it, but I was wondering how long is it?

- Well now let's go to the room and measure our dicks so you don't look at
it anymore.

I felt uncomfortable and started to justify that I didn't mean it, but I
was just interested, because I was afraid that Kirill might suspect
something wrong, and Kirill just answered that he didn't care, because my
dick was bigger than yours anyway and you don't have to worry.

- Kirill, I'm just curious, why don't you shower after training?

- I already told you that I have a very big dick and I don't want guys to
see it.

- So why do you want to show it to me? What if I say something if you tell
me not to tell anyone?

- That would be something to be afraid of. I've known you for four months
and I haven't noticed anything wrong with you. You're a good guy, you're
cute, you're modest and you can keep your mouth shut, so I'm not afraid,
and I invited you to my house because of your qualities and I like hanging
out with you, plus you're making good progress in wrestling, and you and I
are going to wrestle on vacation, so don't relax.

We left the bathroom and came into the room and Kirill again locked the
door and took off everything and stood in front of me completely naked and
looked at me and said, "Go ahead and measure my dick. I was amazed by his
dick and I had to get control of myself quickly, so I asked him where the
ruler was and when I got the answer I went to his desk and took it from
there and measured his dick. We were 16 years old and his penis was the
length of a healthy man and it was 21 cm long and 5.5 cm thick and that was
assuming that his penis would grow, but mine was not small either and a
little bit short of his penis and that was entirely due to Uncle Sasha and
my penis at that time was 20 cm long and 5 cm thick.

- So, rookie, now you see why I don't bathe with the boys?

- If I were you, I'd be proud of this device. I bathe with them and they
see my dick.

- Do you have a hard-on when you're walking around naked in the shower?

- No, I don't remember that.

- But I do and you know how uncomfortable it is with such a big dick to
walk on the shower, when guys are looking at you and there's no telling
what they might think in such a situation. We talked some more and went to
bed.

The next day Kirill woke me up at 7 am, and I couldn't immediately
understand what he wanted from me. And it turned out that he always got up
on weekends at this time and did exercises, and now he could fight with
me. We went outside and ran. Kirill always ran 5 km and it was not a load
for him and when we came back we were very sweaty and we still had to train
and we started to wrestle in one of the rooms, which was empty and Kirill
made it as a gym for him and we wrestled there. It was one thing to wrestle
with him in the gym, where we had proper uniforms, but it was another thing
to wrestle with him at home, when we were only wearing shorts and I could
always feel his cock when he was on top of me. Besides fighting with him I
was fighting with myself because the situation was spicy and our cocks were
in a violent state and I was very afraid to give in, not to jump on his
cock and not to start sucking it and so I was very tense and it was wearing
me out very much and I was downstairs and Kirill was lying on top of me and
his cock was against my ass.

- Fuck Stjepa, you're so sexy and I wouldn't mind fucking you now,
especially since I'm so hard from the struggle.

- Kirill, get off me and stop talking about it.

- Don't piss Stepan, I'll only go in and then come out, so what's up?

- Kirill, do you want me to leave?

- How can you take everything seriously; I was only joking.

- You have good jokes, Kirill, but your dick is standing up and what would
I think of you?

- I'd stick my dick in your ass once, who'd know? Personally, I wouldn't
tell anyone that we did it and you're a nervous wreck, Stepan.

- Well, I would look at you if I was lying on top of you and my dick was
resting on your ass and everything you were saying now, I would say it to
you and I wondered what your reaction would be at that moment?

- Okay Stupa forgot and passed, said Kirill and got up from me. Let's go
better buy, because you and I stink like a stinking goat. Are you buying
with me or what?

- Probably after you.

- Are you afraid I'm gonna fuck you in the shower?

- No, I'm just not used to being around you like this, let alone bathing
with you.

- Well, you sit there and stink, and I'm going for a swim.

Kirill took his things and left the room, and I sat on the chair and my
heart was pounding so hard that I thought it would jump out of my chest,
because it was hard for me to fight with the inner desire and I started to
think that I should probably go to the dormitory otherwise Kirill would
kill me with such talks and I would give up at some stage and then what?

While I was sitting and thinking, Kirill washed up and got out of the
shower, and he shouted to me that the shower was free and I could go. I
grabbed my stuff and went into the shower. While I was bathing, Kirill made
a joke to me and took my stuff and when I got out of the shower, my stuff
wasn't there and I panicked and he comes in and laughs at me and gives me a
towel and leaves.

- And the rest of my stuff?

- In the room, you can wrap a towel around you and go, no one will see you
anyway and he left.

I wiped myself and went to the room, but my things were not there, and I
started to get angry with Kirill, but he laughed and ran away from me. I
followed him, and he jumped out of the room and snatched my towel, which I
had covered myself with, and I stood naked and realized that I would not go
anywhere further from the room. How much anger was in me, I was ready to
kill Kirill and, in my helplessness, sat on the bunk and almost cried. In
about 10 minutes Kirill came in with a bag and I attacked him, but he
bounced away from me and said in this bag your things and went out. I
opened the bag and was stunned; it was all new stuff as mine was old and I
had nothing to replace it with because I had no money. I sat on the bed and
couldn't understand why Kirill had bought me these things. I looked at them
for a long time and when Kirill came into the room, I was still naked and
looking at the new things he gave me.

- Happy New Year Stjepa, you didn't expect it.

- Who expects such things, especially who am I to you that you did this to
me.

- And I thought the hell of you and wanted to go to the dorm.

- You can go, I'm not forcing you, just give me back my stuff and go naked
like that, standing there laughing. Come on, try them on, at least I'll see
if I got your size right.

I started to put on my clothes and all your clothes fit me. I still didn't
believe it was true, and Kirill just sat on his bed and looked at me. I got
dressed and I was overwhelmed with feelings of gratitude and I walked over
to Kirill and hugged him like a brother and told him thank you.

- You can still kiss me; Kirill added and pointed his hand to his cheek and
placed it for a kiss.

I bent down and kissed him on the cheek and he grabbed me and pulled me
onto his bed and started kissing me on the lips and I just lay there in
surprise and did nothing. After a while Kirill stopped and looked at me.

- What dear my newfound brother, unexpected all this from me, huh?

- Actually, yes.

- But nothing today we will celebrate the new year anyway, this is my
present for you.

- Kirill, you know I can't give you anything, right?

- I know and don't be so tense, you'll give me something tonight, after
dinner, when we sit with parents, everything will be fine, you don't even
have to worry, now let's go eat and we can play.

We ate, played in his room and went outside for a walk. Kirill was very
open and told me about his life and I was so easy with him and I could not
even imagine that today's New Year's Eve night will change everything
between us and our relationship will not be the same and I will become his
slave and he will dominate me and I will hate him even more than my
stepfather, But in the meantime everything was going better and seeing
Kirill's openness, I wanted to be open too, so that my burden would not
press on me and I could be with him in peace, and Kirill told me everything
and told me everything and when I wanted to open up to him too, he said
that I could talk to him in the evening and he would listen to me
attentively and I did not even argue and listened to him. Time flew by very
quickly and we went back to his house, changed our clothes and at 11 at
night we sat down at the table and started to eat, talk and drink
leisurely. Kirill's parents were good too, and I envied him that everything
worked out so well for him. It was 12 o'clock at night, when our glasses
were filled and under the chimes, we all drank together and then we began
to drink and eat more with Kirill, but he drank more than me and by 2
o'clock in the morning we went to the room.

- You will sleep with me tonight, Kirill told me and started to undress.

I, of course, did not expect it, but I started to undress too, and Kirill
told me to undress completely, just like him, so I took off my underwear
and went to bed with him. It was a little scary, but the alcohol did its
job and when I got into bed with Kirill, he hugged me, kissed me on the
neck and said that he wanted me to kiss the head of his cock very much.

- Kirill, that's too much.

- No Stjepa, it's just a kiss, for the fact that I bought you clothes, this
will be your present to me for the new year and threw aside the blanket
from himself and gave me his cock, which was standing and I looked at it
wanted to kiss it and at the same time was afraid of the consequences, but
Kirill pushed me and I bent down and kissed the head of his cock and
quickly took my head away from him.

- Stjepa that's not how I wanted you to kiss, but passionately, so let's do
it again and don't get sloppy.

I bent down to his cock again and started to kiss it better, but Kirill
told me that I should still use my tongue to make the kiss good and I
started to run my tongue over his cock head and alternate with kisses.

- Now just take my head in your mouth and work on it with your tongue,
don't be shy, I won't tell anyone anyway and he pressed my neck and his
head was in my mouth.

Passion overcame fear, plus I was drunk and I started sucking his head and
imperceptibly more and more took his cock in my mouth and already I was
bobbing my head on his cock, and Kirill put his hands behind my head and
watched me as I was serving his cock with my mouth and before I cum, Kirill
put his hands on my head and he started fucking my mouth and I was taking
his cock. Kirill was breathing hard and I realized that he was going to cum
soon, but at that moment I didn't realize what would happen after that, I
wanted Kirill to cum in my mouth and that's why I also tried to help him
cum faster with my tongue and a sharp push of his cock into my mouth and
cum started to fill it and I swallowed it quickly and when Kirill started
to spit it out less, only then I started to taste it. I really liked his
cum, which had a sweet-tart flavor and was a little salty. It was thick and
I even thought it was hearty, as if I had eaten a good meal. I licked his
head for a long time and sucked all the rest of his cum and only then I
stopped and held his cock in my mouth and looked at Kirill, who was looking
at me with a satisfied face. It was clear from him that he did not want my
mouth to leave his penis and he put his legs on my back so I wouldn't get
up and kept his hands on my head.

- So Stjepa, I see you are an expert in sucking dicks, which means that you
have been used in this art before me, and I would like you not to lose your
skills and learn on my cock, but first we will have a drink and he took his
hands and feet off me. I got up and sat down next to him and didn't know
what to do now, and Kirill got up and left the room naked and went to the
kitchen and took wine and snacks from there and came into the room. I
wanted to get dressed, but he told me that I didn't need to do that and
poured the wine and we drank. He started the conversation and now my whole
life depended only on him.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Mon, 2 Dec 2024 13:05:32 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 9 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me at:
Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 9 chapter

Saturday came - it was the day to clean up everywhere. I, together with the
young soldiers who had just joined the service, was cleaning the floor of
the barracks, and then Stepan took me to the toilet and told me to make all
these toilets as shiny as a cat's balls. There were six toilets, and I
proceeded to wash them. I scrubbed them everywhere to keep them clean, and
in the hard-to-reach places Stepan gave me a toothbrush and I was to scrub
with it. He ostentatiously showed his power over me and made me do what the
spirits who had just arrived in the company always did, but I was lower
than the spirits to him and so he exploited me in his own way. At first the
boys laughed at me and this gave Stepan even more power to oppress me,
because nobody stood up in my defense and nobody even wanted to say hello
to me. Stepan began to execute his plan to keep me away from everyone and
take a leadership position in the company. The only thing he couldn't do
was to separate me from Misha and he and I continued to work and socialize
together in the stoker room. After I had cleaned the toilets, I crawled on
all fours to Stepan, through the washbasin, the corridor and into the
barracks, and he was lying on his bunk and I crawled up to him, bowed my
head down and said that I had done everything he had ordered me to
do. Stepan didn't even look at me, he was playing on his phone and I stood
there with my head down waiting for his orders. He finished the game,
looked at me and asked me, what do you want faggot? I didn't know what to
answer him as any answer would be wrong and he would punish me for it so I
answered him that only you my master know what I need best and that's why I
am waiting for your orders and fell silent. Stepan didn't say anything for
a long time and then he told me to fuck off and, in the evening, I will
wash him in the bathhouse and I crawled to my bed, lay down and rested, as
there were a couple hours left in the evening and I was very tired while I
washed everything. I dozed off and dreamed that all the guys in my mouth
were fucking me in my mouth and fucking me in my ass. They were tearing my
mouth and my asshole with their dicks and I turned into one big shit
covered in their cum and they left me lying on the floor and after a while
they came back again and got all together in a circle and started pissing
on me. They pissed on me and I was lying in this big puddle of piss and
they also offered to shit on me and laughed at me and I didn't see any
compassion or regret from anyone, but a wild passion to do all kinds of
obscene things to me and they came up to me one by one and pissed on
me. Stepan sat aside on a high place and watched the whole course of events
and enjoyed it, and when all the boys had emptied themselves on me and made
a pile of shit out of me, Stepan got up and came up to me:

- How do you like your position in front of the boys?

- I can't say contrary to you my master, you always determine my place and
how much I have to endure humiliation from you, in the face of all these
guys, but I am still grateful to you that in this way you knock out any
pride that prevents me from accepting any of your punishments.

- You are beginning to understand my process of raising you and when your
service is over, you will be the most fucked up faggot and suck the cock of
every guy who passes by, and if he fucks you in the ass, you will be
vitally indebted to him for it and that is the state I expect from you. Now
get up and we will go to the bathhouse, where you will serve me to the
fullest and from now on, I will start humiliating you in front of guys and
see how they will react to it and from that my humiliation of you will just
increase and no one will protect you. At this point in the dream, I woke up
and it took me a while to realize what it was and looking around, I saw
guys doing their own thing and it started to dawn on me that it was another
nightmare. It was another 20 minutes before dinner and I closed my eyes
again and just lay there while no one touched me and after dinner we went
to the bathhouse and now my job was to wash Stepan in front of all the guys
and my humiliation went up another notch and the guys' reaction to it was
exactly as Stepan wanted it to be. He took the far corner for all to see
and made me wash him all over like he was a child and couldn't wash
himself. I washed his head first and moved on to his torso. I liked the
muscles on his chest, they were so big and hard, his nipples were so nice
and soft that I wanted to take them in my mouth and suck them, but Stepan
never let me touch his nipples so I spent a little more time on them while
I was washing his chest and Stepan looked at me and let me suck his nipples
and I was just blown away by how sexy they were that my cock instantly
erupted when I took his nipple in my mouth. Stepan liked it too and his
cock also reacted quickly to my actions with his nipples and at the same
time Stepan was watching the guys' reactions and some of them were rubbing
their nipples with their hands and were not averse to letting me suck them
too.

- So, faggot, you've had your fun and that's enough, keep washing me.

I went down and started to wash his legs and the higher I went the more I
wanted to take his cock in my mouth, which was always hanging on my head
and I started to wash his balls and I couldn't stand it anymore, because I
was very horny and I didn't care about the guys' reaction, they already
knew that I was sucking Stepan's cock and I opened my mouth and went down
on his cock and started to suck it. Stepan gasped in surprise and his hands
were on my head and he started to drive his cock down my throat and I had
my hands on his ass and I was running my fingers along his crack and
touching his hole and Stepan was really turned on and his cock was
completely down my throat and the guys came over and watched Stepan fuck me
in my mouth and their cries were strong and Stepan decided that now was the
time to fuck me in the ass, so that everyone could see and he pulled his
cock out of my throat and ordered me to stand up and when I stood up he
spit on my ass and his cock started coming out of me and the pain went all
over my body and I cried out but Stepan pushed his big and thick cock into
my ass and until it was completely in me he didn't think to stop and
started fucking me hard and I started screaming under him.

- Fuck Stepan, you'll tear his ass up like that, said Zhenya, but Stepan
simply replied that he was already used to my dick and soon he wouldn't
scream at all, but would only moan with pleasure and Stepan watched the
guys' reactions and more and more asserted that they wouldn't resent him
too much and he could expand his influence and even use someone for his
approval. As a strategist he was thinking globally and yet it did not
interfere with his sexual arousal. His huge cock was going in my ass and
every time Stepan drove it into me, I felt like some long stick was being
driven into me and twisting my insides and it made me so uncomfortable that
I wanted to jump off his cock, but Stepan's strong hands held me and I
couldn't get off and then Stepan suggested to the guys that whoever wanted
to fuck me could do it and got out of me. His huge cock, against the not so
big dicks of the guys, was just gorgeous and the guys even felt a little
stiff and Stepan turned to Evgeny, knowing how he always looked at my ass
and pushed him to the decisive action and Evgeny decided and his cock was
already entering my ass and it really felt good, when he was fucking me
with his not so big cock and Stepan came behind Evgeny and pressed himself
against him and started telling him in his ear how nice it was to fuck
faggots like me, and he was rubbing his cock against his ass and stroking
his nipples with his hands and Evgeny was just floating on the current from
such a high, which Stepan had conceived and Stepan's cock slipped between
his legs and Zhenya let out a sigh of pleasure and Stepan pressed him even
more tightly against him and gently told him in his ear how sexy he was and
he had a very beautiful ass and it also needed a good cock and Zhenya, not
even knowing what Stepan was talking about, agreed with him and at that
moment of sexual pleasure Stepan put his finger in Zhenya's ass and he
cummed in my ass and he was so excited, that he doesn't even resent Stepan
sticking his finger up his ass, but he pressed himself harder against
Stepan that he started to fuck him with this finger and Zhenya wrapped his
arms around me and started screaming at me that I was a faggot worthy of
being fucked and now he would fuck me all the time and fell on top of me
and was breathing very hard.

- Bitch, I never thought it would be so fucked up. And this faggot is
really trained to take a dick in his ass and turns to Stepan, who still has
his finger in Zhenya's ass and asks Stepan, can I fuck him all the time
now?

- I don't mind, but we'll talk about it later and he pulls his finger out
of Eugene's ass and gives it to him to lick, and the wife does not hesitate
to suck Stepan's finger, which has been in his ass, and Stepan slaps his
hand on Eugene's ass and tells him in his ear that you also have a good ass
and lets him go.

- Stepan says to himself, now I have to fuck him in the ass and he will be
mine forever and will do what I tell him to do, and Zhenya doesn't even
know it, but happily tells the guys how great it was to fuck this faggot in
the ass. Stepan decided to limit himself to Evgeny for now and so he turned
to me and told me to wash myself well, as he would need me later and left,
and I took a basin and went to get water. The boys were talking among
themselves, but they did not touch me, though they said some rude words to
me, but that was the end of it, and they left, while I was still
washing. Before leaving the bath Stepan met Yura, who was entering the
bathhouse at that time, and told him to tell him to tell me to shave my
body, because he wanted to see me clean and smooth like a girl. Yura was
stunned at Stepan's attitude, but he told me to do it.  I was washing
myself, and at that time Yura came in and approached me from behind and
kicked me on the legs, and I fell to the floor.

- Hello faggot? How you doing? How long have you been sucking dick and
getting fucked in the ass?

I'm lying on the floor looking at him and he's standing over me and his
dick is hanging out and he takes it in his hand and starts pissing on
me. He pisses on my face, my breasts and orders me to open my mouth and
when I open my mouth he pisses right in it and makes me drink his piss. I
drink his piss and he spits in my face and calls me a faggot. When he
finished pissing in my mouth, he ordered me to stand up and start sucking
his cock. Yura was in a bad mood and he grabbed my hair and pulled my face
sharply towards him and his cock went down my throat.

- You fucking faggot, I told you to suck my cock and what are you doing?

And starts smacking my neck and spitting in my face.

- Suck it properly, or I'll break all your balls and you'll have them all
squashed and then you won't need them and you'll be like a fucked-up cunt
that nobody needs. And he starts to get angry and his aggression is getting
stronger and stronger and he pushes me to the floor and puts his foot on my
face and starts to press it hard and with his toes he clamps my nose and
twists it in different directions and it hurts me so much and I can't
breathe and I start to breathe with my mouth and Yura spits in my mouth and
then he puts his foot in my mouth and presses it so hard, that he tears my
lips and I start to bleed and I cry and want to say something to him, but
his foot doesn't let me say anything and the sight of my torn lips makes
him very excited and he lifts me up again and makes me suck his cock in the
best way possible, otherwise he will tear my lips even more and still I
will suck until I satisfy him. I suck his cock, but Yura still beats me and
calls me names and pulls my head up by my ears and holds it like that for a
long time and I'm short of breath and I start twitching and he lets me go a
little bit and gives me a breath of air and presses me again with his cock.

- I'm having a bad day faggot and you're still fucking around and don't
want to help me relax and I have to teach you since you don't understand
normal language. After a while he lets me go and makes me lick his balls,
which are sweaty and smelly and I lick them and then I take them in my
mouth and start servicing them with my tongue and Yura starts to calm down
and his hands are not so aggressive anymore and he keeps them on my head. I
licked his balls and moved on to his legs, which also needed my worship and
I licked them everywhere and between my fingers where all the dirt had
collected and when Yura had calmed down completely, he told me to get down
and spread my buns apart and after lubricating my asshole with his saliva
he drove his cock into me and I screamed from it.

- Don't scream, I'm going to fuck you long and hard, so you'll get pissed
and he started fucking me without stopping and enjoying my screaming. Maybe
I wouldn't have screamed if I hadn't been fucked by Zhenya before, but my
asshole was broken and it hurt, and Stepan would probably fuck me at night
in the barracks, because he didn't cum in me when he was in the bathhouse,
but passed the baton to Zhenya. Yura got into a more relaxed rhythm and I
felt a little better and for about half an hour he fucked me until he
cummed in my ass, and then he and I washed up and went to the barracks.

- Don't be afraid of me faggot, I am not Stepan who will treat you like
cattle, but if you don't satisfy me, I will tell Stepan and you will know
the power of my anger through him. But my tortures did not end there,
because Stepan wanted to establish his power not only over me, but also in
the company, so that no one would rebel against him and when it was time
off, he lifted me up and made me crawl around the barracks naked on all
fours and the boys laughed at me and even gave me advice, how else they
could use me and Stepan told Zhenya to ride me like a horse and beat my ass
with his hand and chase me if I went slow and Zhenya was so happy to ride
me, that he even got into a frenzy and beat my ass so hard that it was red
from his hand and when everyone was laughing at me Stepan ordered me to
kneel down in front of him and beg and plead with him to let me suck his
cock and I had to beg Stepan and beg him hard, to let me suck his cock,
that he could not withstand such pressure from me and took off his
underpants and I fell on his cock as if it was my vital necessity and if he
did not let me suck his cock I would die. I'm sucking Stepan's cock, and
Zhenya is standing next to me, and Stepan tells him to start sticking his
fingers up my ass. Fuck Zhenya is like a kolkhoznik, he doesn't know how to
do it properly and sticks his fingers in my ass like my asshole is rubber
and nothing will happen to it, but at least lubricate your fingers with
saliva so they can go in safely, and Stepan tells Zhenya to give me these
fingers in his mouth and then stick them in his ass. I licked his fingers
and then he was able to put them in my ass and started fucking me with
them. While I was sucking Stepan's cock, Zhenya freely put three fingers in
my ass and asked Stepan if he could fuck me and Stepan said he could and
Zhenya put his cock in my ass and it was hot. Zhenya was insatiable and
fucked me very fast and I sucked Stepan's cock and then Stepan told us to
stand up and Zhenya and I stood up and he put me on my ass and put his big
huge cock in me and told Zhenya to fuck me in his mouth. I was being fucked
from both sides and I just realized that I was going to be torn and Stepan
became frantic again and fucked me so hard that I just realized that now I
couldn't stand it and I would pass out again, but I didn't pass out and I
felt pain in my ass and in my throat. Stepan fucked me for a long time and
demonstratively in front of all the boys, so that they got used to watching
it and not to be indignant if something was wrong. He worked out his
strategy correctly and when he was cumming in my ass, a few guys came up to
him and asked to fuck me too, but he refused them, saying that not today,
maybe tomorrow, and this way you can tear that faggot's ass and again the
commander will start to think badly of Stepan and this convinced the guys
and they limited themselves to a blowjob and at one o'clock in the morning
I went to bed with a full stomach of cum and a sore ass. Stepan reminded me
to shave my body before I went to bed and for each of my misbehaviors, he
would first give me to the guys to play with me and then he would take care
of my upbringing and my humiliation grew and after a while the guys were
already calmly looking at what Stepan was doing to me as he was giving them
some fun with me.

I woke up in the morning to the watchman shouting that it was 6 a.m. and it
was time for everyone to get up. I turned on the light and the guys started
to jump out of their bunks. They quickly got dressed and went outside for
exercise, and I went over to Stepan, who was lying in bed, and lowered
myself in front of him and took his cock in my mouth. He opened his eyes,
looked at me and didn't say anything, but he closed his eyes again and a
stream of piss hit my mouth. I started swallowing quickly because I
couldn't spill it, Stepan would punish me severely for that. He finished
pissing in my mouth and I started sucking his cock, but he wanted to sleep
and pushed me away and rolled over on his side, I got up and left. Today
was the last day they hadn't turned the heat on yet and starting tomorrow
Misha and I would be in the boiler room all the time until the heating
season was over. When the guys came back from charging, Stasik and Zhenya
came to me and they took me to the locker room and made me suck their
sweaty and piss-smelling cocks, and after breakfast Stepan took Stasik and
Zhenya with him and we all went to the boiler room together. We went into
the room and Stepan told Mishi the Uzbek not to come in or he would be
sorry and closed the door and told me to strip naked and when I undressed
he took my clothes and told Stasik and Zhenya the following: "Stasik, you
will shave this faggot from behind completely, and you Zhenya will shave
him from the front and you will make sure that each side of him was smooth,
and if I don't like something, then you will pay me for the defect with
each of your sides, you Stasik with your ass and you Zhenya with your
mouth, is that clear to you?".

They answered in unison, and Stepan gave them the razors and told Stasik
that he would shave me first, and he took Zhenya with him and they went to
the shower room together.

- You, as I understood correctly, you want to fuck my faggot, right?

- Yeah.

- Do you want to do it badly? I just have one condition and if you agree to
it, you can fuck him whenever you want, I won't forbid you.

Zhenya thought for a while, because he didn't know what the condition was,
and Stepan came to him and reached out his hand to his crotch and started
stroking it and Zhenya's dick started to get hard and he agreed that he
would fulfill the condition Stepan said.

- My condition is simple, I will fuck you in the ass and nobody will know
it, and you can fuck this faggot wherever you want and whenever you want
and even if it is public, I will be for you, and now you suck my dick and I
will fuck you and after that we will make a deal.

Zhenya knelt down and started sucking Stepan's dick. He was choking on it,
because it was very long, and Zhenya could not take it completely in his
mouth, but Stepan did not need it, the main thing was to fuck Zhenya in the
ass and after that he became his slave. Zhenya sucked and tried, and Stepan
just stood and watched him, he waited for Zhenya's dick to start to rise
from sucking so that it would be pleasant for him, and after about twenty
minutes Zhenya's dick started to rise and took a fighting position. Stepan
lifted him off his knees and told him to stand up and spread his buns as
far apart as possible so that his dick could enter him and it would be less
painful. Zhenya did all this and Stepan, having lubed his point began his
invasion into it. The pain was intense and Zhenya even regretted agreeing
to this, but Stepan held him firmly in his hands and guided the process so
that Zhenya could accept his cock and when his head passed the forbidden
zone, Stepan stopped and started stroking Zhenya so that he could relax and
accept Stepan's cock to the end. At this time Stasik was shaving me from
behind so that I had no hair anywhere and he finished with my ass and moved
on to my legs and they were very hairy but he was trying and making sure
that my whole body was smooth from behind and while he was doing that my
cock rose up from his touch and Stasik slapped it very painfully and my
cock instantly dropped from the pain he had inflicted on me and continued
his shaving.

Stepan waited for a while and his cock continued its invasion into Zhenya's
ass and it was already halfway in and Stepan started small movements with
his cock and as Zhenya's asshole relaxed Stepan's cock entered more and
more and it was already completely in his ass and Stepan started to fuck
Zhenya with all the power of his cock and Zhenya started moaning loudly and
we could hear his moans and Stasik's cock was now erect and he made me suck
it. I sucked Stasik's cock and at the same time Stepan was fucking Zhenya
in the shower and it turned Stasik on so much that he put me on his knees
and got behind me and his cock was now working in my ass and I was moaning
from this sex and enjoying it. Stasik cummed quickly and continued to shave
me, and Stepan was still fucking Zhenya and only after ten minutes he
cummed in him and told him that he was his slave and would do any job for
him and it didn't matter what it was and where and it started to dawn on
Zhenya, that with this action he had signed his death sentence and now
Stepan could fuck him even in the barracks in the presence of guys and he
could not refuse him, but the most important thing was that Zhenya liked it
when Stepan fucked him in the ass and he wanted more intimacy with him and
Stepan started kissing him very passionately and Zhenya swam from such
kindness.

- It will depend on you. The more strictly you follow my orders, the
stronger will be my word to you and no one will know about it, but if you
violate my orders in any one way, I give you my word that I will fuck you
publicly in the barracks in the presence of all the guys and let them fuck
you too and they will put you down and I will give you up, is that fair of
me?

- Yeah, I think that's fair.

- Well then faggot kiss my ass and lick my asshole.

Zhenya stiffened a little at this treatment, but the conversation they had
just had brought him out of his stupor, and he crawled up to Stepan's ass
and started licking and kissing it. He thoroughly licked his asshole and
with his tongue made Stepan horny again and Zhenya wanted to suck his dick
again, but Stepan lifted him up and said, go see what Stasik is doing and
if he has already shaved that faggot, let him come in here, and you go
ahead and do the job I gave you and Zhenya came out of the shower room and
saw that Stasik was sitting on a chair and I was sucking his dick. Zhenya
and Stasik switched places and now Zhenya was shaving me from the front and
Stasik was servicing Stepan. It took another hour when they shaved me
completely and I became smooth like a girl and Stepan came up to me and
with his hand ran his hand over my body and asked me, do you like that you
are so smooth?

- Yes, sir I like it.

- Remember faggot, they are responsible to me for your smoothness and they
will shave you every day and if I find anything wrong, they will be
responsible to me and you will feel their wrath on yourself, is that clear?

- Yes, sir, I do.

- And don't think that I want to humiliate you, I just like a smooth body
like a girl's and you should be called by a feminine name, what name do you
think will suit our beauty?

Zhenya and Stasik tried many female names, but then Stasik suggested the
name "Varvara", as this name in his opinion means an obedient girl and
ready to serve day and night and everyone agreed with this name and now,
they will call me only Varvara and I must respond to this name. Stepan left
and they stayed with me and Zhenya was very horny and he made me suck his
dick and while I was sucking his dick, Stasik got horny again and was
waiting for his turn to put his cock in my mouth and when Zhenya put me
down and started fucking me in the ass, then Stasik got in front and put
his cock in my mouth and they fucked me from both sides and I started to
get pleasure from it and now I am Varvara, their woman, maybe it played in
me that I felt pleasure from such sex with them. They didn't tear me up
like Stepan did, he was never nice to me, I was a lame faggot to him and
should only be humiliated, beaten and abused, but these guys treated me
differently and I liked it. They didn't fuck me hard without him, even
though they used me for their sexual desires, but still, I was the same
lame faggot to them, and that's how they treated me in front of the
guys. They were Stepan's slaves now, and he was ordering them what to do to
me and they were executing it. When they fucked me and poured their cum in
my mouth and ass, I serviced their cocks and they left too. I went to wash
up and went out to the stoker's room to Misha, and we were with him until
the evening and talked and nobody touched us, and in the evening, we went
to the barracks and after dinner we had free time and I did my uniform and
put it in order. The evening was so quiet that it seemed very strange to me
and the closer it was to bedtime the more anxiety grew in me and after
bedtime Stepan took all the spirits (there were eight of them) and me and
took them all to the wardroom where my performance began. He stretched my
legs and arms and tied them so that access to my genitals was available
from different sides and in my mouth he put a rag and blindfolded my eyes
and ordered the spirits to beat me on my balls and to do it hard, otherwise
he himself would then beat them on their balls and they began to beat me on
my balls with all their strength and I just went crazy from the pain they
inflicted on me. My screams couldn't be heard, the gauze in my mouth kept
me from screaming and they were hitting me and hitting me. My balls became
not just blue but black and blue from their blows and at some point, I lost
consciousness and Stepan told them to take a break while I came to my
senses. I woke up but the pain was indescribable and again they started
hitting me and I don't even remember how long it was until Stepan enjoyed
my humiliation. I couldn't even bend down and hide my balls from their
blows that were raining down on me and Stepan untied my hands and I just
fell to the floor and I thought that was it, but I was wrong because he
told all the spirits to fuck me in the ass and they started jerking their
dicks and fucking me. How much pain I suffered, I can't count, but I was so
humiliated by it all that I had the idea to kill myself and when they
fucked me, I just didn't react to them, I lived with one thought, as soon
as it would be over and I could go to the woods and hang myself. I started
to imagine how I would do it and for some reason in my sick mind I thought
that I should put soap on the rope so that it would slip well and could
quickly slip around my neck and strangle me so that my torment would end
faster. While I was thinking about how to kill myself, Stepan was looking
at all these spirits and choosing a slave to serve him and do his
bidding. There was a spirit in our company who was also small in stature
like Stepan and you could even think that they were relatives, because
there were many similarities between them and Stepan was always looking at
him, and now he saw his actions towards me and Stepan liked his cruelty
towards me, compared to all these guys, and Stepan also liked his cock,
which was not very big like his, but thick and he just me with his cock and
caused a lot of pain, than other guys and he decided to bring him closer to
me and when I was already released he took him by the hand and took him to
the toilet and there he talked to him and Anton agreed to Stepan's
conditions, to be his right hand and to do his bidding, but Stepan did not
open all the cards to him, how he would become his right hand, although he
had already chosen who would be his right hand, but he manipulated between
his guys, of whom he made his slaves and they obeyed him. So, with Anton,
he showed him only a small part of what he wanted and who Anton would
become, but on what terms it would happen, Stepan did not reveal it to him.

I barely crawled to my bed and couldn't sleep for a long time and cried and
cried, while my pervert slept like a baby and nothing disturbed him. In the
morning, I could only turn on the light and could not perform my direct
duties, for my balls were very badly swollen and I could not move without
help, and Stepan told the Uzbek to take me to the boiler room and not to
appear in the barracks. He and I left and he put me on the bed and he went
to the mess hall and got me breakfast and came to the boiler room. I didn't
feel like eating and all I could think about was ending my life. Misha
turned on the boiler and started to check everything in the boiler
room. All the devices showed the right readings and when he checked
everything and made sure that everything was working properly, he came to
my room and asked me to show him what was going on in there. He gasped when
he saw my swollen balls and they were black and he didn't know what to do
with me, but he had a feeling that I should be taken to the infirmary right
away because something was wrong with my balls and maybe the guys had
beaten them off for good. Misha needed someone to be in the boiler room
while he took me to the infirmary, but all the guys were busy and I just
lay on the bed and was dying not only from physical pain, but more from
internal pain and I really wanted to end my life and when Misha came to see
me again, I started crying and asked him to help me hang myself as I
couldn't live like this anymore.  He persuaded me not to do it and he would
try to do everything to help me, but I didn't listen to him, I just cried
and wanted to kill myself. The time was towards two o'clock in the
afternoon when Stepan's satisfied face came into our boiler room and Misha
immediately attacked him and started beating him. A fight broke out between
them and if Misha didn't have a stick near him Stepan could have knocked
him down, but Misha quickly grabbed the stick and hit Stepan on the head
and he fell down.

- You bastard, look what you've done, you just kicked a guy's balls off and
now you're walking around here like a peacock. I'll put you in jail for
sure this time, I'll write to the prosecutor's office about you, you darned
asshole and Misha kicked Stepan so hard in the face that he just fell aside
and looked at Misha so stupidly and couldn't understand what was going on
here, because he didn't even see what he had done to me, because Misha came
at him right away.

-Come here, you fucking asshole, Misha said to Stepan and took him by the
hair and dragged him into the room to see how he felt about me. I was lying
naked as I couldn't put anything on and I was in a lot of pain. My balls
were badly swollen and black and Stepan didn't even react properly, but
said I would rest and it would go away. But Misha insisted that he take me
to the infirmary and Stepan had to go get a car and drive me. The doctor
looked at my balls and asked, who beat you like that, and I pointed at
Stepan and he turned to him and said, do you realize what you've done?

- It's not the first time this guy has come to me because you beat him, but
this time you've overstepped your bounds and you've knocked his balls off
and they need to be cut off now so that gangrene doesn't set in and he'll
just die and you'll go to jail.

Stepan was speechless and only from these words of the doctor the
seriousness of the whole situation began to realize and he began to think
quickly what he could change in this situation and avoid jail. The doctor
called the ambulance and said that it was urgent to take a soldier to the
hospital and needed an operation to remove his testicles, and he said to
him, get ready to answer and took me to a room and put me on the bed until
the ambulance came and took me to the hospital. Stepan started talking to
the doctor and tried to convince him that it could be treated as an
accident or something else that is done in their practice to cover up the
crime.

-Stjepa, listen to me, he will be left without testicles and he will never
have children now, do you realize that?

- Doctor you also understand that this is a faggot and he doesn't need a
family, he likes to be fucked and if he loses his testicles, it won't
affect his health and even if you cut off his penis, he won't cry, because
he is passive and likes big male dicks.

Stepan quickly told the doctor while there was still an opportunity to
change something, as the ambulance was on its way and to avoid punishment
for this and he managed to convince the doctor and even they agreed with
one condition that Stepan would come to the doctor every day and suck his
dick, and he in turn would help to hide this fact and even promised Stepan
that it was possible in such a case to make me a certain operation and
remove my dick and sew my cunt and then I would be a full-fledged whore and
you could fuck me from front and back.  An ambulance came and they took me
to the hospital, and the doctor agreed with the doctor who would do the
operation to cut off my dick and sew a cunt in its place, and he would
bring my consent later and he could not even doubt it. They determined for
themselves how they would write in my file about how I got to the hospital
and that it was I myself who wanted to remove my testicles and caused
self-mutilation and there was nothing left to do with me but to use this
method to keep me alive and I have no claims. I was sent for surgery and
even if I didn't write my affirmation that I wanted a woman's pussy, they
would have done it anyway, because the spirits had taken away not only my
balls, but also my penis and there were strong hematomas that prevented
blood from flowing to my organs and they just had to be cut out.  The
doctor came to see me after the operation and I signed a document that it
was all my fault and that I didn't mind female genitalia and wanted to
change my sex. That was the end of the case and Stepan got away with it
again. Now that I had female genitals, I had to work them out with a dildo
so that they could work properly and while I was in the hospital I did it
and I liked it so much and I was even glad that now I had a cunt instead of
a penis, which they always wanted to beat off along with my testicles and
now I was almost a full-fledged girl and it was possible to hook up with
some guy and maybe even live together. After a month I was discharged from
the hospital and the doctor told Stepan to fuck me in my cunt every day
until it was fully functional and there was no danger of it sticking
together and overgrowing. Stepan promised the doctor that there would be no
problem and I was fucked in the cunt by Zhenya and Stasik in the ass all
the time in the stoker's room, and Stepan disappeared with the doctor and
sucked his cock and he fucked him in the ass. Stepan liked the doctor very
much and that's why he willingly went to see him every day and they made
love, and the doctor told Stepan that I should be injected with female
hormones so that my labia would take root well and there would be no
rejection and I wouldn't have so much hair and maybe they would even
disappear completely and my breasts would start to grow and I went to the
doctor every day and he injected me with female hormones. I started to
notice changes in myself and my leg and chest hair started to disappear. My
nipples got bigger and my face became more cute and feminine-looking. I
still had nine months to go before the demobilization and I'll tell you
ahead of time, from the hormones that the doctor injected me with every
day, I really became like a girl and my nipples got bigger and my ass got
rounder and my hair disappeared and Misha already looked at me as an object
of lust and always told me, that when the army was over he would take me to
his place and I would live with him as his wife, but the doctor told me
that I had to get hormones all the time, otherwise again male hormones
would take over and I would become a man again, but Misha told me that it
was not a problem for him and that he would not live with his parents all
the time.

I returned to the unit two days before the new year. Stepan looked at me
with angry eyes and said, in 10 minutes I'll wait for you in the
wardroom. I went to my bed and put my things down. The guys at that time
were all at their jobs and there was no one in the barracks except the
soldier on duty. It scared me, but I have to go to the wardroom and when I
went in, I saw Stepan, Stasik, Zhenya and Stepan ordered me to strip naked
quickly. I undressed and they looked at me and smiled at each other.

- They turned you from a boy into a girl and our Varvara became a
full-fledged girl, which we will fuck now in all holes and you can put
three dicks in it at once.

They came up to me and stroked my cunt with their hands, and Zhenya put his
fingers in it and fucked me with them, and I moaned, as it was very
pleasant.

- You see it feels good only from my fingers, and if I put my dick in it,
it will just swim away, said Gianni and started to unzip his pants and took
out his cock, which was already standing at his place and coming up to me
closely shoved it into my cunt and started fucking me. I just swam from it
and Zhenya, looking into my eyes also enjoyed such sex, and he quickly cum
in me and came out of my cunt, and I knelt down and started sucking his
cock. Stasik and Stepan were watching this and their dicks were sticking
out of their pants too, but the doctor warned Stepan that he couldn't fuck
me with his dick for about a month until I was back to normal, but Zhenya
could do it. Zhenya moved away from me and Stasik put his dick in my mouth
and I sucked him until he cummed in my mouth and Stepan put me on my back
and started to drive his thick and long cock into my asshole, which had
gotten used to it and I started screaming and he told the guys to put my
underwear in my mouth so I wouldn't hear my screams. Fuck, it was hell when
Stepan was fucking me.

- Did you faggot think that you would enjoy having a cunt now, I've been
fucking you and will continue to do so and, in a month, when your cunt is
ready for my cock, I'll tear you apart and you'll find out what was better,
a cock or a cunt. Stepan while he was fucking my ass, everything I was
afraid of experiencing again came back. He wasn't ceremonious with me, but
he put me in my place right away, and I crawled at his feet and begged for
mercy, but he laughed in my face and spit in it. He fucked me and cum in my
ass and pulled out his dick and made me clean it, and since I wasn't
washed, it was covered in my shit, and I licked it all up and Stasik
looking at it suggested that maybe he would eat my shit too? Stepan looked
at him and answered, let's see how he will stand my dick in a month and if
he fails my hopes, then you can shit in his mouth and leaving me in such a
miserable state, they left.

I slowly got up and went to wash up, because my asshole was covered in shit
while Stepan was fucking me in the ass. After lunch I went to the doctor
and he looked me over and injected me with female hormones and told me that
I had to go to his office every day now. After he did, I went to the stoker
and Misha was very happy to see me. We talked to him and he asked what had
been done to me and I lowered my pants and showed him my cunt. Misha was
very surprised and stroked it with his hands for a long time and then he
asked, do you do something to it to make it real?

- I've been working it out with a dildo every day, and now Zhenya is going
to fuck me for a month until it's back to normal for me, and Stepan wants
to check it out in a month and if I'm okay with it, he'll fuck me in it all
the time.

- Yeah, you have an unenviable role in the army now with a cunt with only
guys, that's gonna be a problem for you.

- Stepan said he won't tell anyone about me. Only he, Stasik and Zhenya
would know, and the doctor, who would now give me daily injections of
female hormones.

Misha was stroking my cunt, and I was getting very excited, as well as he
was, because his pants were no longer able to accommodate the size of his
cock.

- Kolya, can I fuck you in the cunt?

- Misha, you have a big cock and I can't yet, so you don't tear my insides.

- I'll put it in carefully and slowly and started to undo my pants, knowing
that at the sight of his cock I could not refuse him and when his cock was
freed from unnecessary clothes, I really could not refuse him and Misha
began to put his cock in my cunt. He put some in and started fucking me and
I gave into him more and more and my arms wrapped around his neck and I
just hung on him and Misha fucked me more and more and pushed his cock into
me until it was completely inside me and what I noticed was that it didn't
hurt much because he fucked me very gently and didn't dominate me. He cum
quickly and said that if I was a girl he would marry me. I washed up, got
dressed and Misha and I spent time until evening and nobody touched us, and
we agreed that at any opportunity he would develop my cunt with his cock
and we went to the barracks. When Stepan saw me, he called me to him and
put me on my knees in front of him. The guys were watching us, what would
happen next and he made me suck his cock.

- Varvara, suck my dick, and don't look that the guys are watching, they
already know that you are a homosexual and a dick lover and, in the ass,
you like to be fucked, so come on without any shyness start sucking and
don't annoy me, otherwise now all the young soldiers will start fucking you
in the ass. I realized that I was in the show and I didn't want to annoy
Stepan, because he could do other things and I unbuttoned his pants and
pulled them down and his cock was so good between his legs that I just
stared at it.

- Varvara, how long are you going to look at my dick? I already want you to
service it with your faggot mouth, otherwise I'm starting to rub my
patience.

I opened my mouth and took it and started sucking it and it grew in my
mouth very quickly that I was even surprised. I didn't know about the
relationship between the doctor and Stepan and that he sucks the doctor's
dick and he fucks him in the ass and Stepan gives himself to the doctor and
even finds pleasure in it and it excites him so much that when I sucked
him, that's what caused his cum to erupt so quickly into my mouth. When
Stepan cum in my mouth, he turned on his stomach and told me to lick his
ass, the guys were just shocked that I was licking Stepan's ass and they
wanted to destroy me, but to jump over Stepan meant to step over Fedya, and
he would not tolerate it and the guys expected that when Fedya went on
demob in the spring, they would just tear me apart, but they didn't know
Stepan, who wanted to keep everything under wraps and so he would look at
the guys and if he saw someone as a potential threat he would either try to
get them on his side, but on his own terms, to seduce them and fuck them in
the ass and then they would become his slaves and Stepan wouldn't have to
worry about them anymore or get rid of them so they wouldn't interfere with
the plan Stepan was achieving. I licked his point and Stepan's dick started
to rise again, but he decided to fuck me at night and now he had to get
ready for dinner and so he ended his games with me. After dinner I went to
the stoker's room and Gianni came in. I knew what he was here for and so I
didn't mind him fucking my cunt and he and I went into the room where I
stripped naked and Gianni took off his pants and his cock was just sticking
up and he told me that he had barely waited until he and I were alone. For
some reason I started to think that Zhenya was starting to like me a little
bit, because his attitude towards me when we were alone was soft and he
enjoyed having his cock in my cunt and he thought I was a girl and fucked
me with great pleasure. I enjoyed it too when Stepan wasn't with him,
because Stepan made everyone who was with me fuck me roughly and hard so
that I would just scream and cry under their cocks and Zhenya had to do it
at times like this so that Stepan wouldn't suspect anything wrong with his
treatment of me. And now I was enjoying it when Zhenya put me on my back
and spread my legs apart and his cock entered me and he started his
progressive movements and he liked to watch his cock going inside me. He
slowly slid in and slowly slid his cock out of me. My cunt accepted it and
my arousal grew and my juices lubricated his cock and it moved even more
smoothly in me. Then Zhenya would speed up his stroke and his cock would
come in and out of me faster, then he would shove it completely inside me
for a while and just lie on me and look at my face and I could see the joy
in his face and his hands stroking my body and it seemed to me that he
wanted to kiss me, but Zhenya restrained himself in his emotions and
started fucking me again. When he got to the point where he had to cum, his
movements were fast and he would push his dick all the way into me and
quickly pull out to push his dick into me again and pull out again. His
breathing was getting heavier and heavier and then there is the moment when
his cum comes out of him and fills me. How good it feels for him at this
moment and for me too and I fly away and close my eyes and just whisper
that I feel good with you Zhenya when you are yourself and he also wants to
say something like that but his pride doesn't let him do it and he pulls
out his cock and puts it in my mouth for me to suck it and then he hides it
in his pants and leaves. I'm still lying on my back and Misha comes in and
sees me like this and his cock starts to rise and I realize that he wants
me too and I'm waiting for him to enter me with his cock and I stroke my
labia with my hand inviting him to start fucking me and he goes and closes
the front door of the stoker's room and goes into the room and strips naked
and lies on top of me and starts kissing me and he rubs his cock against my
cunt and my mouth just whispers to him, to take me already and Mishin's
cock starts to enter me and he doesn't shove it all the way in, but a
little bit at a time and moves it up and down so that my labia accept its
size and stretch under it. And when my lubricant starts to lubricate his
cock, Misha enters me even more and lies down completely and hugs me and I
start to feel the warmth of his body and the warmth of his cock in me and
it just hit me and my moan spread across the room and Misha kisses me even
harder and says that he loves me and would like to marry me and it touched
me so much, that I started crying and he wipes my tears, kisses me and
fucks me and all this together so liberated me that my legs opened up for
him and I ask him to put his cock inside me so that I could feel it inside
me and Misha put his cock inside me and it caused me pain, but I wanted him
badly and so I didn't say anything to him, but I tolerated the pain while
he fucked me and just before he was about to cum inside me, there was a big
knock on the door and Misha and I were afraid that it might be Stepan and
we quickly started to get dressed and Misha ran to open the door and there
stood Stepan, red with anger and pushes Misha aside and comes into the room
and sees me and starts ripping off my clothes and tearing them off and I'm
standing naked in front of him and he kicks me in the stomach and I fall to
the floor and curl up from such a sharp pain, and he kicks my body again
and when I twist and turn my back to him he kicks my ass and the blow of
his foot hits me in the crack and it hurts like hell and I start screaming
and he yells at me and makes me cover my mouth and get on my knees. I kneel
down and I'm afraid to even look at his face and I get a sharp slap, which
made my ears ring and I covered my face with my hands, but Stepan shouted
at me to take my hands off my face and as soon as I did that another slap
went across my face and I fell down in front of him and started kissing his
feet asking him not to hit me anymore and I would do anything for him, but
Stepan is furious that Misha and I were fucking and he grabs me by the hair
and drags me across the floor to the front door and pushes me naked outside
and closes the door and he starts fighting with Misha and they yell at each
other and fight and I'm in the cold, naked, shivering and waiting for the
fight to end and ten minutes later, when I'm already frozen, the door opens
and Stepan tells me to come in. am shivering from both cold and fear, and
with my face down I crawl to Stepan and kneel down in front of him, waiting
to hear what he has to say to me. Misha is standing next to Stepan and they
are both silent and breathing heavily. Misha doesn't want to mess with
Stepan and so he keeps silent, but when Stepan overreaches, Misha stands up
for me and in such cases Stepan doesn't say anything to him, but here he
knows that I'm Stepan's slave and I gave myself to him voluntarily and
Stepan now decides what to do with me.

- Listen bitch, you are so ugly in your new form that I will probably let
all the spirits fuck you in the ass and I will fuck you in the cunt and
hurt you as much as possible and sharply without talking he kicks me in the
stomach again and I fall on my stomach and Stepan puts his feet on my back.

- You scum, you will crawl on my ground like a worm and eat your own waste
if you disobey me once again.

- And you Uzbek, if you ever touch my property again, you will subject this
faggot to immense pain and I will think of something for him that you will
regret for the rest of your life, and now you have to swear to me that you
will never fuck him again, and if you don't, or if I know or see that you
don't listen to me, then blame yourself, I will cut your balls off too and
make you a faggot like him. I couldn't see Misha's face because I was lying
on the floor on my stomach and Stepan was standing on top of me, but I
realized that it was a great loss for Misha not to fuck me.

- And now faggot you are coming with me to the barracks, we have to find
you something to wear and Stepan got up from me and went to the exit and I
realized that I had to go naked after him and it was also from the category
of my humiliation and Stepan did not care at all. I followed him with my
head down. I was cold, but there was no point in telling him about it and I
just kept walking and wanted to get dressed as soon as possible because I
was freezing and when we got to the barracks Stepan didn't hurry to give me
clothes, but made me get on all fours and crawl all over the barracks and
ask every guy to forgive me, that he was such a disgusting faggot and he
liked sucking cock and that I was ready to suck all of you, but at the same
time I was Stepan's slave and if he told me to do it, I would suck all of
you. I was humiliated for about half an hour, until I asked each guy to
forgive me. All the guys laughed at me and kicked me on my ass and told me
to keep crawling and not to spoil the air with my stinking mouth, and only
after that he took me to the wardroom and gave me clothes and said that I
would spend the night in the barracks and a bright night was waiting for
me. I already understood what he would do with me, but I still asked him
about the stoker, as two men were supposed to work there, and Stepan simply
said to me, you will serve me and you can go, and until that hour the Uzbek
will be on his own, as he was also guilty. At 10:00 was the cutoff time and
I waited for Stepan, but the time was passing and he did not come. I
struggled with sleep, and I didn't notice how I started to doze off and
fell asleep, and I dreamed that Stepan was standing next to me and shouted
in my ears that I should start sucking his cock, and it became even bigger,
as if it was growing by the hour, not by the day. It's so long it's hard to
even tell the size by eye, but it was about half a meter long for sure, as
it was hanging down to his knees. I tried to put it in my mouth, but it was
so big and thick that I just couldn't do it, and Stepan hit me in the face,
and from the pain I opened my eyes and looked, and he was standing over me
and said;

- Varvara, have you lost your sense of smell, I told you that we were not
finished yet, and you had already gone to bed. Get out of bed quickly and
take a decent position.

I got up from the bed, and since I slept always naked now, I knelt down and
took the position of a dog, and my naked ass was visible to all the guys
and some of them who were still awake watched the course of events that
would unfold between Stepan and me and how I would serve him. Stepan lay on
my bed, spread his legs and ordered me to suck his cock. I positioned
myself in Stepan's legs and started sucking his cock. His cock was really
big and my smacking was heard throughout the barracks, and Stepan commented
on my actions and taught me how I should do it. When Stepan was really
horny, he told me to sit on his cock and start riding it. I was a little
shocked by this as his cock was bigger than Misha's, but Stepan didn't care
as he had caught us fucking and so I now had to let his cock into my
cunt. I braced myself and started to lower myself onto his cock and
realized that I was about to get fucked, but something in Stepan played up
and he told me to take my time but to lower myself onto his cock fully and
when I did, I sat on his cock for a while while my cunt got used to the
size and stretched under it.

- So, Varvara let's start riding, you still have to go to the boiler room,
Stepan said to me and I started to rise and fall on his cock and thanks to
the lubricant that started to be secreted on my labia, Stepan's cock slid
and caused not so much discomfort, although it hurt. The amplitude of my
riding was gaining momentum and I was already riding at full power and
Stepan couldn't stand the tightness of my cunt and cummed in me, and I was
still riding him until his cock was completely soft and only then I
stopped.

- I got up from Stepan's cock and knelt down in front of the bed until
Stepan got up and went to his bed. I got dressed and went to the boiler
room and Misha was happy to see me and let me rest for an hour and then I
changed him at his post and he lay down to rest while I watched the boiler
room. By 04:00 am Misha was awake and his cock was standing like hard iron
and he needed to take a piss, but he was standing more because of the
desire for sex and he and I broke the word he had given Stepan and Misha
fucked me again and I was just flying in the sky. After sex we were lying
on the bed and talking, it was one hour before rising when the rising
signal would sound in the barracks and no one was bothering us and we knew
that everyone was asleep now, but we didn't take into account Stepan's
guile, who pretended to be so gentle with me when we were fucking on the
bed and Stepan appeared before us and we hadn't even closed the front door
and we were lying naked on the same bed and there was no need to say
anything. Stepan came up, took all our clothes and we stood naked in front
of him and he threw us outside and closed the door to the boiler
room. Misha and I are shocked and don't know what to do, plus it's cold
outside and we're naked, and there's nobody in the boiler room. Stepan is
standing next to us and his face did not bode well.

- Varvara, that's enough for today, you can get dressed and go to the
boiler room, you're free for today.

- You faggots, what did we agree? That you won't fuck anymore and you
faggot gave me your word, but I see you don't care and you fuck my slave
and don't give a fuck about me. Did I tell you your faggot is gonna suffer
because of you? Today all the spirits will fuck him and not only fuck him
but also piss in his mouth and I will do it publicly and for you Uzbek to
look at it and realize that it's your fault.

Misha fell on his knees in front of Stepan and begged him not to do it and
whatever you tell me to do, I will do it, but please don't touch
Kolya. Stepan smiled at Misha and said that you have broken the agreement
and he is also breaking it and you can get off your knees as I have made my
decision. Now both of you kneel next to each other, I have to piss. We
stood up and Stepan took out his cock and started to piss on us and we were
wet with piss and plus the cold and we were shivering and he looked at us
and laughed and said, it's going to be a fun new year today for my spirits
and pissed on us and left. We went into the boiler room, went for a swim,
got dressed and didn't say anything to each other, as we were guilty of it
ourselves.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Sat, 23 Nov 2024 20:09:25 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 8 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me at:
Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to Nifty.
https://donate.nifty.org/



I'm in the army 8 chapter

After Gena and the other demobels went home, we had a change in our
barracks. Fedya took the bunk where Gena slept and mine, which was next to
his, was now Yura's, since Yura was now Fedya's whore and Fedya wanted him
to be next to him and fuck him all the time and waffle him in the mouth. I
moved to Yura's bed and there were still a few bunks free as new spirits
were to come and Fedya had left a free bed next to him so that some of the
spirits would be there to service him too. Yura after that night came to
his senses for a week, and Fedya did not fuck him, only waffled in his
mouth and he did it defiantly and did not hide it, as Gena did with me. The
captain of our company appointed Fedya as a sergeant, and the young
conscripts were now under his command. He trained them, taught them the
regulations and looked out for capable guys who could be put in his
aides. Among them there was such a guy, not tall, height of 160 cm, but
dense and you can see that he is a jock. His crotch was clearly very
prominent and when they were in the bathhouse, Fedya also paid attention to
it and appreciated his cock, which was massive and he had very large balls
and realized that it would be good to bring him closer to himself and give
him some of his powers, his name was Stepan. Stepan liked to be Fedya's
right hand and he started commanding the guys of his draft and if someone
didn't like something, Fedya would stand up for Stepan and make the rebels
clean the toilets and just when we were using them. It was humiliating, but
the guys began to realize that it was better not to quarrel with Stepan and
he had sycophants who told him who, what the guys thought for him and what
they said, and Stepan told Fedya and Fedya found such guys the dirtiest job
and thus prepared them what would happen to them in the company if they did
not listen to him. This made obedient spirits out of them and by the end of
their studies, they went to our company. Fedya at once placed Stepan near
him, on the bed he kept, and they often lay on their bunks and
chatted. Stepan was a born leader and among his conscripts, in such a short
time had power over the guys, and the guys obeyed him and Fedya it made it
easier in the company. Fedya was busy with Yura and spent all his free time
with him, as he just came from him and most likely he fell in love with
him. Fedya yanked me at times, so that I did not forget that he also has
power over me and can always put me on my knees, well, and in addition he
put Stepan to me as a partner on the car and I had to show him everything,
tell him and drive with him on all the routes that we had. In this Bermuda
triangle it turned out that I was subordinate to Feda, Yura, and
Stepan. Stepan reported to Yura as his immediate grandfather and Fede, and
Yura reported only to Fede, who had six months left to serve.

This week, while Yura came to himself he did not touch me, only once took
me to the booth and made me suck his cock and drink his piss and warned
that for what was done to him in the locker room, I would be responsible
and my ass would suffer more than once. I could not understand what my
reason for what was happening, because our relationship was normal, so I
thought, but after what he told me, I realized that we had no normal
relationship and Yura was just waiting for a chance to take revenge on me,
and when Stepan appeared in our company, it became even more clear to me
how Yura, with Stepan's hands will destroy me and my heart was filled with
fear and until the end of the service, the fear did not come out of my
heart.

My first day with Stepan was already beginning to show itself, when we came
to the motor pool and Fedya put him in charge of our relationship and I
must always listen to him and do everything and if there are any remarks or
violations, they will ask me, and not Stepan and I can say from that day
the blackest and most terrible streak in my life went full speed and I even
had thoughts to end my life and if at that moment was not near Misha, I
would not be alive, but only he helped me to pass this terrible time and
not to lay hands on myself. Fedya, in Stepan's presence, put me on my knees
and pulled out his dick and made me suck it. Stepan was standing next to me
and the sight of me sucking Fedya's dick excited Stepan very much and his
crotch swelled up.

- Bitch, he's sucking your dick so hard that I can't just look at it,
Stepan said to Fedya.

- Stjepa, this faggot will suck you off and you can fuck him in the ass as
much as you want, I showed you this so you know what you can do with
him. You're the boss here anyway, he's a doormat under your feet, really
faggot, Fedya told me and I waved my head, but Fedya wasn't satisfied with
that answer and he pushed me to the floor and asked me again in a harsh
manner, you hear me, you cocksucker, if you're asked, you have to answer in
a cocksure manner so that we can understand you, now repeat, who are you
and what do you have to do?

- I'm a doormat under your feet and whatever you tell me to do, I'll do.

- Well, you see faggot, you can tell us normally so we don't raise our
voice against you, now tell your future master who you are to him?

- My master Stepan Yurievich, I am your obedient slave and I am ready to
serve you 24 hours, regardless of the time of day. I will do for you
everything you order me and your order will be law for me and if I don't
fulfill even one of your orders, I will be flogged by you and you can
punish me at your discretion. I said this and fell silent, lowering my
head.

 Stepan looked at Fedya and could not believe that I grandfather will do
everything to him, to the spirit who just got into the unit and Fedya put
him in charge of me and he can satisfy in me all his sexual desires.

- Why are you looking at me so surprised, he's all yours and you can even
try it right now, and I'm going about my business and I think you won't
have any problems with this faggot and hiding his dick in his pants, Fedya
left.

- So, you faggot will do whatever I tell you to do?

- Yes Stepan Yurievich, whatever you order.

- Great, I can't believe it. Come here, kneel down and smell my crotch and
tell me what it smells like.

Stepan was standing in front of me with his legs shoulder-width apart. I
walked over to him, knelt down in front of him and started sniffing his
crotch. I pressed my face hard into his pants and could very clearly make
out his cock, which was hard and the only thing preventing it from taking
its normal position was the pants in which it was encased. I sniffed his
crotch through the pants and smelled his sweat, which was a little
peculiarly mixed with his urine, because he had pissed several times and I
could see that, the only thing I couldn't see was what Stepan's cock was
like, but I knew it was something heavy, thick and big. I also caught the
smell of his cum because Stepan was horny and the lube was coming out of
his slit and his underpants were covered in that lube, which is the smell
of sexual passion and wanting to just get sucked. While I was sniffing his
crotch, my hands were lying on his ass, which through his pants seemed so
soft and appetizing and my hands on his ass excited Stepan and his cock was
throbbing and I realized that there was a volcano of emotions raging in him
and if I swallowed his head in my mouth, the cum that had accumulated
during this short time while he was in the army would just pour out.

- What does my crotch smell like, Stepan asked me.

- Your crotch smells like a man who wants a faggot like me to stroke your
huge and thick cock in his mouth so that you sir can fill my faggot mouth
with your cum.

- Good talking faggot, now perform it all and I'll see if you know how to
service real men or if you need to be taught how to do it.

I unzipped his pants and pulled them down along with his bearings and
Stepan's cock burst out and hit my lips. It was so hard, huge, thick and
hot that this blow to my lips was painful and I even opened my mouth from
such a blow. Stepan's cock was standing straight up and its head was
covered with flesh, which made it seem very beautiful and swayed gracefully
on its base. The thickness of his cock surprised me and I took it in my
hand and wanted to feel its thickness, it was close to the thickness of
Misha the Uzbek and its length was the same and I thought to myself that
when Stepan would fuck me or waffle me in the mouth, I could imagine that
it was Misha fucking me and maybe it would be less painful. I pulled back
the foreskin on Stepan's cock and started sniffing his head, under which
cum had accumulated, both today's and previous cum. The odor was rich with
something sour, from the fact that Stepan hadn't washed his cock. Semen,
piss, sweat, it all mixed together and I brought to this smell so I could
distinguish it from the other smells of the other cocks I would have to
suck.

- So, stop sniffing my cock and get to work, I want to see what you're good
for.

I opened my mouth and his cock went in. I started with the head because it
needed my tongue. Stepan was a tough and strong guy. His more powerful
hands were on my head and he was pushing his huge and thick cock into my
throat with all his might. He was in a sexual passion and so he was less
interested in my condition, he wanted to get a good release, and since
Fedya had given him permission to do whatever he wanted with me, he didn't
bother with me and his huge cock was already ramming into my throat, and my
nose was resting against his body and his hair was tickling my face. In
such a situation I could smell better what Stepan smells or stinks and his
sweat excited me to give myself to him, because I smelled the same odor as
Gena and I imagined him in front of me and I felt so good, as if I was
sucking his dick and he was not going anywhere and when he would cum in my
mouth I would see his face and in such a format I sucked Stepan and after
10 minutes Stepan started cumming in my mouth. His cum was a little sweet,
tart and very liquid, it poured out of his dick in big slurps and I had to
swallow it quickly or it would fill my mouth and start spilling out of my
mouth, which I couldn't let happen. Fuck, Stepan was shaking like he had
electricity hooked up to him, but his grip on my head became very strong
and I thought he was going to rip my hair out, but soon the release of his
cum subsided and the grip of his hands began to loosen, but his cock was
still in my mouth.

- Bitch, what a faggot you are, just a specialist in sucking cock and what
you did to me is good, I will not punish you yet, but now we prepare the
car and leave, Stepan told me. Fedya, probably, has already filled out our
ticket, and you will show me the way to our divisions, so I know where we
need to go. I got the car ready to leave and we hit the road. At the
checkpoint we took our trip sheet and drove out of the unit, Stepan sat on
the side and watched the road, and I drove the car. I wanted to talk to
Stepan, but he cut me off with one sentence and I lost all desire to talk
to him.

- Listen faggot, if I want to know something, I'll ask you, and when I
don't need you to talk, then close your stinking mouth, because it smells
like a garbage dump and it's only necessary for you to suck my dick, I
think you understood everything, and Stepan took his phone in his hands and
continued watching videos. After what Stepan said, it was like I was doused
with slop from a bucket and I was driving like a shithead. Stepan didn't
care what was going on in my soul, and I was thinking how such a young guy
had so much shit in him, that he knew me for one day and treated me as if
we had lived forever. For me, the road seemed tedious when you were put
down in the shit and told to shut your mouth. I've had to drive alone and
the silent road didn't seem as tedious as this because there, I was
thinking about good things and they made my road not so dull, but here
there's a guy sitting next to me and I'm starting to get scared of him and
that kind of thinking made the road dull.

- Stop here, Stepan said and brought me out of my sad thoughts, I need to
take a piss.

I pulled over to the curb and stopped the car. Stepan got out and started
pissing and in the mirror, I could see him pissing and I looked up at him
because I liked to watch guys piss. Stepan turned his head and when he
looked in the mirror our eyes met and he looked at me and grinned evilly
and I realized that I missed the moment when I should have turned away, but
I was attracted to Stepan and he caught me.

- The faggot likes to watch me piss, Stepan asked me.

I didn't answer him anything, but lowered my head and waited to see what he
would say next.

- Let's go, we'll be standing here till evening, and we drove on. After an
hour's drive, we arrived at the first spot and when we pulled in and put
the car in park Stepan went behind the car to piss again, but this time he
told me to follow him and hold his dick while he pissed and it would now be
my responsibility. We went behind the car and I unzipped Stepan's pants and
pulled out his cock and he started to piss. Now I could safely watch the
piss pouring out of his cock and the pressure of the piss was good. I was
watching with curiosity and it was evident in me.

- Bend over to my cock and take it in your mouth, Stepan told me as he held
back his piss to pour it into my mouth and when I bent over and his cock
was in my mouth, Stepan started pissing again and I drank his piss.

- Well now I see why you were looking at me like that as I was pissing, you
were thirsty and I didn't realize it right away, but now you will never
need water as my drink will always be desirable to you and you will love my
piss, I give you a guarantee.

I licked his cock and tucked in his pants and we went to the dining room
because it was already lunch time. Stepan didn't sit with me because I had
become shit to him, but when we had eaten, he got up and left the dining
room and I gathered my dishes and his and took them to the sink and went
out too. Stepan was sitting by the car when I came up to him.

- Didn't you realize that you can't even sit close to me unless I call you,
Stepan said to me, and I sat away from him a little longer so as not to
annoy him.

- Hey faggot, tell me how did you become such a douche bag?

I had nowhere to go, so I told him everything, how Ruslan made a faggot out
of me and how I liked sucking cock and getting fucked in the ass.

- Well, I guarantee you that your ass will not be ignored by my cock.

 It was already three o'clock in the afternoon when we were about to leave
and the day watchman came up to us and told us that we had been ordered to
stay until tomorrow as we would be loaded with some equipment tomorrow. We
had until evening and I didn't know what to do as I couldn't talk to Stepan
unless he asked me and I sat in the cabin and just sat there, remembering
how Gena and I had gone to the lake and he had fucked me good, but it had
been warm out then and now it was fall. Stepan just left and wandered
around the point, he had never been here before and he was curious about
everything. Half an hour later he came up to me and told me to get on my
knees and start sucking his dick, and before he did he would pour his piss
into my fucking mouth. I lowered myself down in front of him and took his
cock in my mouth and Støpa started pissing into it. He didn't care
much that I didn't have time to drink his piss and some spilled on my
uniform, but he was interested in the process, why I was doing everything
and I drank his piss and continued sucking his dick. I'll be honest for
Stepan, that before me no girl gave him when they saw his cock and they
just left and Stepan always jerked his big and thick and didn't know its
use and was very happy that here in the army he now had me and I could be
exploited at will. He was grateful to Fede and ready to serve him too, to
have his dominance over me and tonight will be the first time when he will
put his dick in my ass and fuck me, but up to this moment he has not fucked
anyone and it seems to be big, but a problem, and fat so it is two problems
in a cube and Stepan always jerked his dick and knew the technique of sex,
but only in words. I suck his dick and he says that everything is fucked
up, that I am the best cocksucker, although how could he compare it if no
one sucked his dick. Stepan got into a rhythmic state and his cock was
already in my throat and he was evenly fucking me in my mouth. We were on
the side of the car and if any soldier from that unit would turn in our
direction, they could safely see Stepan fucking me in my mouth. Stepan
asserted his power in me every time and he wanted everyone to know that I
was his sex slave, with whom he could do anything and I would not resent it
or say anything against it. This unit had its own laws and Fedya's
authority didn't extend here and that's why Stepan wanted his presence here
to have at least some weight, and for that he had to do something to be
known among the soldiers, and for that Stepan had to get acquainted with
his grandfathers, so that he could use me for his own selfish purposes to
promote his authority, and he was thinking about it while I was sucking his
cock. The first thing he needed to do was to find out who was in charge
here and to whom all the soldiers obeyed, and for that we needed time,
which we didn't have, only tonight and tomorrow, while we would be loaded
with equipment. Stepan thought big, this way of thinking had given him a
good result in his time at the bursa, when he met a third-year student, who
was feared even by his classmates, and it was not because of his height, he
also had the same height as Stepan, but he was made of muscles, as a whole
of something gigantic creature, that he could knock a man to death with a
single blow and he had achieved this at the bursa in only two weeks, when
at a party he confronted the graduates who were drunk and bullish and one
senior student he knocked out with a single blow and then the graduates
gathered to show him who was in charge and he scattered them all and three
of them were taken to the hospital in a serious condition. There was a
trial and he was acquitted because he defended himself against them and
after this incident he was treated with respect and many people were afraid
of him and did not say anything against him. How Stepan got acquainted with
him is also not clear, but it was probably a matter of chance, and Stepan
liked him, and he taught Stepan some lessons in hand-to-hand combat, which
often saved him from a group of people who attacked him and now Stepan
wanted to know who the older grandfather was and how to approach him. I was
sucking him all this time, and Stepan was thinking about his own thoughts
and did not forget to pull my head on his cock. It was five o'clock in the
evening when Stepan decided that he had to finish with me and he began to
drive his cock down my throat with fast thrusts and his semen flowed
straight into my stomach and Stepan held me against him and until his
orgasm was over, and I started to gasp and my eyes went round and round and
it was like I was flying into some cloudy distance where it was so
beautiful that I didn't even want to look back where I had come from and a
sharp blow brought me to my senses and I opened my eyes and saw the fright
in Stepan's eyes. He was so caught up in his orgasm that he didn't even
think that I couldn't breathe and only then he came to his senses when he
saw that I was on my knees breathless, his cock in my throat and only his
hands were holding my head, otherwise I would have fallen to the ground and
at that moment Stepan pulled his cock out of me and started hitting my
cheeks and I opened my eyes. He threw me to the ground and I was
frantically breathing to come to my senses and he stepped over me and went
deep into the motor pool because there were soldiers there and he wanted to
carry out his plan as quickly as possible. While I was coming to my senses,
he got acquainted with the soldiers and found out that today they would
have a bath before supper, and the grandfathers would gather in the bath
after supper and they would be there until bedtime, and most importantly,
he found out which of the grandfathers was the eldest and what his name was
and what he liked and what kind of mare he could ride up to him. Stepan was
happy about this opportunity and having found out where to find this
Sergei, he went to him to try his luck, and I was next to my car and waited
for him. He came 10 minutes before dinner, happy and said that today after
dinner we are going to the bathhouse and with the grandfathers will wash
and that I will serve all these grandfathers and God forbid, one of them
will be dissatisfied with me, then I will be very strong punishment and
then the whole company will mock me, so be kind, serve seven grandfathers
and you can rest after that. I realized that I have a hard task and at
least to stay alive after such and the number of cocks that will be in my
ass and in my mouth, but I will not resist Stepan, because we had 40 people
in the company and told him that I will do everything.

- You've got it right, you faggot, even if you didn't want to do it, the
grandfathers would have raped you anyway and it would have been worse for
you because in the company they did the same to you and don't do me any
favors, you just do what I tell you, and whether you like it or not, I'm
not interested in it and gave me such a strong smack on the cheek that I
had tears in my eyes.

- What are you looking at me for, motherfucker, or do I owe you something?

- No, you don't owe me anything, I'm sorry I didn't think right, that's my
direct obligation to you.

- Now let's go to the dining room and after dinner we'll go to the
bathhouse with our grandfathers, we should have a good bath and steam. We
ate and went to the bathhouse, where the grandfathers also came and Sergei
introduced Stepan to the other guys, and I stood naked in the center like a
statue and waited for their orders.

I was standing in the center of the bathhouse, naked, and the grandfathers
were talking among themselves as if I didn't exist there. Stepan was
sitting next to Sergei, and Sergei would occasionally look at me during the
conversation and talk to Stepan again. Stepan was happy that thanks to me
his grandfathers now knew him and the next time he came to that spot he
could spend time with them, that was exactly what he wanted. It took maybe
10 minutes before Sergei turned to me.

- Say faggot, is your ass clean or do you need to get it ready?

- Yes, it is clean, I was ready for it, I answered and Sergei waved his
head back at me and then turned to his guys and told them they could use me
as they saw fit. The guys stood around and I knelt down in front of them
and started sucking each of their dicks. Their dicks were good from 14
centimeters, to 16 centimeters, and the guys just stood there while I
serviced them. Sergei took Stepan aside and while the guys were having fun
with me, he told him to wash him. Stepan wasn't ready for that and even put
on the brake.

- Stjepa, you want to have your authority here, I understood you right?

- Yes, Sergei, you understood me correctly.

- And for that, you need to earn my approval, not just give your faggot to
us and have him fucked by all the grandfathers and think I'll be happy with
that. So, honey, start washing me while the boys have fun with him.

Stepan wasn't ready for this, he thought that by speaking for me his
position among the grandfathers would be automatically positive, but he
gritted his teeth and started washing Sergei. I was servicing the guys and
I enjoyed sucking their cocks, which didn't choke me and I swallowed them
completely into my mouth. The grandfathers also enjoyed my cock sucking
skills and they all had brutal boners. None of them paid any attention to
Sergei and Stepan, but I glanced at them occasionally when I had the
chance. Stepan was washing Sergei's back and Sergei closed his eyes in
pleasure.

- Keep it up and you can move on to my ass, it needs careful care too, and
Stepan put his hand on Sergei's ass and soaped it very gently. Stepan's
dick started to rise from this exposure, and since it was huge, his dick
was touching Sergei's ass as he washed it with his hands.

 - You forgot to wash my crack, Sergei said to Stepan when he quickly took
his hands off his ass because his dick had risen fully and started washing
his legs and Stepan had to wash Sergei's ass again and his fingers were in
the crack and Sergei's dick was up too.

- Now get down on your knees and wash my hole with your tongue, I see you
like it since your dick is standing so hard.

Stepan did not dare to do that and moved away from Sergei, and Sergei did
not even move, but said quietly and calmly, if you do not do what I told
you now, then now the grandfathers will move on you and we will put you
down and report to the regiment that you are a faggot.

- As long as they are doing your fag, you don't have to be afraid that they
will pay attention to you, you are all mine today and I will do whatever I
want with you and only after that you will have weight here, but now you
are nobody and that's why you have my good advice, do everything for me the
way I want and then I will give the green light for you and he stopped
talking.

Stepan was in shock, because now he not only had to lick Sergei's ass, but
maybe Sergei would fuck him in the ass, and Sergei was waiting for Stepan's
gears in his brain to start moving correctly, so that he wouldn't have to
put him down with the whole group of grandfathers.

- I'm giving you thirty seconds to make the right decision, or even your
faggot will fuck you tonight.

Stepan knelt down and licked Sergei's hole, though he didn't like it, but
to be fucked not only by the grandfathers, but also by me was too much for
him.

I was in a circle of grandfathers and sucked their cocks, they fucked me in
my mouth and their passion was wild, when each of them excited the other
and this excitement, they poured into my mouth. Then they put me on my back
and fucked me in the ass. My asshole was quietly accepting their cocks
after I was fucked by Misha, while Stepan was licking Sergei's asshole, but
no one cared when they were having fun with me.

Sergei turned to Stepan's front and his cock was level with his face and
standing hard.

- You need to wash it so it's clean, get started.

Stepan took the soap and started soaping Sergei's cock, which made it even
harder.

- My cock, my thoroughly, don't forget my testicles and gently open my head
and wash it too and when Stepan did everything Sergei told him to do, he
got another command from him to put his nose on his cock and sniff it and
this time Stepan froze completely.

- Well, what are you thinking so long, it's so easy to smell my cock, I
don't want to force you to do it, and you don't want to have 7 at once
instead of one cock, do you?

Stepan mentally agreed, but still deciding to do it meant that after he
started sniffing it, then he would have to suck it, and then he could be
fucked in the ass, and what would he do?

- Don't slow down dear, we don't have time and no one will wait for you
here, so either you sniff my cock or we all fuck you together now, I'm
counting to three.

Sergei started counting and when he said two, Stepan moved his face up to
Sergei's cock and started sniffing his cock, it was clean and smelled of
soap and no other odor Stepan could smell and at that time Sergei put his
hands on Stepan's head and started running his head on his crotch and then
told him to open his mouth and when Stepan opened his mouth Sergei pushed
his cock in and ordered him to suck it.

- Come on faggot, suck my dick and fast, or I'll break your fucking face.

Stepan realized that Sergei had tricked him and started sucking his cock. I
was standing on my back and watching the course of events between them and
was happy that Sergei had so easily wrapped Stepan around his own finger
and his own ambition led to the fact that he was now sucking Sergei's dick
and would probably get fucked in the ass and it felt so good that I started
to wiggle my ass harder, which the grandfathers liked very much and they
started fucking me even harder. After a while they turned me over and put
me on the table with my back, lifted my legs up and now I could see their
faces, their cocks and how they were fucking me. I always like to look at
my partner fucking me, I get a tremendous high from it as I can see the
movements of his cock in me and the emotions on his face. But even in this
position it is easier for me to turn my head to see what is happening a
little further away from us, where Stepan is not with a position favorable
to him and Sergei, who knew how to put such smart guys in their place. The
grandfathers changed often without cumming in me to prolong this atmosphere
of sex, and away from me Stepan was sucking Sergei's dick.

- You see Stepan, no one is paying attention to you, they are busy with
your faggot who is completely satisfying them that they are twirling around
him and their cocks are standing as hard as they stood at the
beginning. Now for the final part of your becoming in our authority. You're
about to stand on your cancer and open your buns and then you know what's
coming and only after that, you can come to us and we'll communicate with
you so the spirits can see you and realize that we're for you.

Stepan had nowhere to go, because to be in their authority he had already
gone through a lot and there was only one thing left for him to do, to give
his ass to be fucked by Sergei and then he would get what he wanted, but
not in the way he thought he would and he became a cancer, and with his
hands he pushed his buns aside and opened his ass for the invasion, and
Sergei pushes his cock into his asshole and Stepan lets out a scream that
the grandfathers started laughing at him and telling me that your spirit
has become a faggot and Stepan only now realized how badly he was tricked
and it was all set up on purpose to kill his vigilance and now he's
standing upright and Sergei is fucking him in the ass. I turned my head and
our eyes met with Stepan's, and he was so angry that I was even scared of
him, knowing that soon this whole concert would be over and then Stepan and
I would be alone and he would shake his soul out of me because Sergei had
tricked him and fucked him in the ass in my presence, and Sergei was
fucking him in the ass and smirking at me.

- See, your ranks have been replenished with another faggot and he likes
it, that even his dick is standing, so you can tell for him in your part,
so that he doesn't forget how authority is earned, so that others respect
him and start laughing. Stepan was as red as a cancer and this humiliation
of his would resonate in me a thousand times, though I was not guilty of
it, and I turned my face away and I wanted to end it all and run away
somewhere, not to see Stepan and not to meet him. This orgy went on for
about half an hour, when the grandfathers were fucking me and already
cumming in my ass and Sergei was finishing his work in Stepan, then we all
washed up, Sergei patted Stepan on the shoulder and told him that every
time you come here, find me and I will hold your authority and all the
grandfathers laughed and also confirmed their desire to help him in
this. That's how Stepan's malice had turned him into a faggot and here the
grandfathers would fuck him all the time when he came here. They left and
we went to our car and when we closed the door, that's when all of Stepan's
anger fell on me. There was no one in the parking lot but us, and no one
could hear us, it was already bedtime, and all the soldiers had gone to
bed, and Stepan started hitting me and yelling at me. I huddled in a corner
and was getting hit with my hands and feet on everything. I don't know how
long he beat me, but he got tired of beating me and sat down on a chair and
breathed heavily. I was afraid to raise my head and sat there in the corner
until he started talking to me.

- Crawl over here, you bastard, and when I crawled over, he said to me,
remember and get it in your head that nothing happened to me and you didn't
see anything, otherwise when we get to the unit, I will do such things to
you there that you will want to hang yourself from the humiliation I will
give you and how he will scream, do you understand? And he started beating
me again, and then made me strip completely naked and start sucking his
cock. I in fear, trembling hands took off all my clothes and was completely
naked in front of him and crawled up to him, unbuttoned his pants and took
his cock out of them and started sucking it, and it quickly rose up.

Stepan was furious that he was being set up so hard and, in my presence,
and he was choking me with his cock and I was panting, but he didn't give a
fuck and he pushed my head on his cock all the way down. His cock was in my
throat and blocked my airway and I couldn't breathe and tears were
streaming from my eyes and he was holding my head on his cock and swearing
at me. From such a sharp invasion of his cock into my throat and its long
stay there, I began to lose consciousness, and Stepan took me by the hair
and lifted my head from his cock and looked at me.

- Remember faggot, I am your master and I will do whatever I want to you,
do you understand that? I will choke you with my cock and you will often
pass out and if I want to, all the spirits will fuck you and you will serve
them all like me. They'll just tear your asshole apart and after them I'll
fuck you with my fat cock and you'll be fucked. I'll make such a stooge out
of you that your place will only be in the pisshole and that's where you'll
eat and sleep.

I looked at him and breathed heavily, and my lost look said that I was just
afraid of this monster and I couldn't say anything out of fear.

- Who am I telling this to, Stepan shouted at me and kicked me sharply, and
I flew off to the side and lay on the floor.

He got up and walked over to me. His foot came down on my face and with his
boot he started to twist it on my face and it was very painful and I turned
my head to the side so that he would not break my nose with such
actions. Stepan took his foot away from my face and told me to stand up and
when I stood up, he put his cock in my asshole all the way in one go and I
screamed with pain and he started laughing at me and promised that this
would happen to me every day and started fucking me. The pain was
unbearable and I was screaming and it only excited Stepan, and he didn't
even try to cover my mouth because no one could hear us anyway. He fucked
me hard on the full length of his huge cock, and I lost consciousness from
such pain, and when I woke up, I was lying on the floor, and Stepan was
lying on top of me and fucking me in the ass. It didn't stop him that I
felt so bad from such pain, he just fucked me and I was crying, and he
pressed my face to the floor with his hand and held it there until he
cummed in me. Then he collapsed and lay on top of me to get his breathing
back to normal. His cock throbbed in my sore hole and I cried out in pain
and humiliation and that he was making my life miserable and I didn't know
what to do now. Stepan got up off me and took my head by the hair and
lifted me up. His cock was at the level of my mouth and I opened my mouth
and started sucking his cock and licking it and when I had cleaned it, he
let go of my head and pushed me aside and laid out his sleeping bag and
went to sleep. I couldn't sleep for a long time after that and sat quietly
on the floor crying. I wanted to end my life, because he would not let me
live normally, and if he also included spirits in my humiliation, there was
no point in living. And so, I sat on the floor naked, tired, humiliated and
fucked hard, but fatigue did its job and I passed out. I don't know how
long I slept, but it was light outside and Stepan was still asleep. My
whole body was aching from Stepan beating me and fucking me hard. It was so
hard for me to get up that it caused me a lot of pain, but I had to piss
and I got up and got out of the booth and went behind the car and started
to piss. Sergey passed by and asked me how I was doing faggot and I slowly
turned my head to him and said ok. When he saw my face, he came closer to
me and looked at me.



- Did he do that to you?

I waved my head and tears flowed from my eyes. Sergei went into the booth,
pushed Stepan and when he opened his eyes, he told him to get up. Stepan
got up and they went outside and he said to him, look at him, what have you
done to him?

My face was swollen from the beating. My whole body was bruised and there
wasn't a live spot on me.

- What are you going to do now? Even we don't allow ourselves to abuse
people like that. You're looking at jail or disbat.

Stepan only now began to understand what yesterday he did to me and the
brake of fear paralyzed him again and Sergei took me and we with him slowly
went to the infirmary, and to Stepan Sergei said, think now that you will
be responsible when you will be asked for all this. Stepan was shocked by
what he saw. He just didn't realize what he was doing to me yesterday, as
if a demon had possessed him and he was abusing me and now he had to think
of something to find an excuse and avoid this situation and he took the
phone and called Fedi and told him the whole situation, what he had done to
me yesterday and what he should do in this situation. Fedya said that he
would settle the matter with his superiors and told him not to say anything
to anyone yet. Sergei took me to the infirmary and the paramedic worked on
me and left me to rest. They brought me breakfast and I ate and fell
asleep. At lunchtime I was awakened and I saw Fedya's face in front of me
and the first thing I heard was that if I told anyone about Stepan, then I
was dead, and now get up, we're going to the unit, you'll rest there, so I
got up and Fedya put me in the car and we all went together, me with Fedya
and Stepan in another car. Fedya took me immediately to the medical center
so that nobody would see me so beaten, and he and Stepan went to the
company. I stayed in the medical unit for a week, and Stepan came to me all
the time, and despite my condition, he made me suck his cock. I realized
that this prank of his got away with it and Stepan would not get anything
and I became even more afraid of him, and Stepan after this incident, even
more confirmed in his impunity and after three days again began to come at
night and fuck me. Now he did not hit me in the face, but my ass burned
from his cock and after he fucked me, I cried for a long time and could not
sleep. My time in the isolation cell came to an end and when I looked
normal, I was released from there. Fedya arranged with the captain not to
put me behind the car anymore, but to send me to the stoker's shop to be
there with the Uzbek and help him, thus they opened for themselves the way
of my humiliation even more than it was before and when I came to the
company, my place was now near the door and next to the switch to turn off
and on the lights at the first request of anyone from the company and
everyone now knew who I was by my nature and many guys looked at me with
contempt. I later found out how my condition was pulled off and why I was
in the infirmary afterwards and it was so painful to listen to that it made
my heart ache. Fedya told the captain that when we were at the point, I got
drunk and when Stepan was asleep, I went to fuck him, but he didn't
understand what it was, he started to fight me off, and since I was
stronger than Stepan, I started to tear off his pants and wanted to rape
him and there was a fight between us, This is how my story was presented
and now I was a faggot and a faggot for everybody and nobody wanted to deal
with me and that's why the stoker's room was the best place for me, where
the bosses were the least and now Stepan and Yura were frequent guests in
the stoker's room and they abused me there.

I arrived at the company and my position now sharply worsened, all the guys
wanted to put me down and only two of them - Ivan and Misha understood the
essence of the case and how it was really. Stepan controlled my situation
and now his voice was decisive, because behind him stood Fedya, and nobody
wanted to mess with him, and the grandfathers themselves gave up on this
situation, and I was given into Stepan's hands completely, and he could do
with me whatever he could think of. My humiliation was constantly growing,
and I was sinking deeper and deeper into this sewage pit that Stepan was
inventing for me. Sometimes I thought that Stepan had been humiliated as a
child and that was why he was taking it out on me for all the evil he had
received as a child, but most of all I could not understand why he did not
hate me so much, because I had done nothing to him, but for me it was a
mystery that I would never know.

At 6 o'clock in the morning I got up and my first task was to turn on the
lights. The boys were getting ready to charge and would come out of the
barracks. I didn't go to charge anymore and neither did Stepan and when the
guys left, I would go to Stepan's bed and served him. He didn't go piss in
the mornings anymore as I was his toilet and his morning piss I would drink
and then suck his dick and he would cum in my mouth. His shoes I'd tidy his
shoes, fix his collar while the guys did their exercises and then he'd get
up and go to wash up and I'd make his bed. In the dining room I would eat
at a separate table and Stepan and Yura would pass by me and spit in my
food and then laugh loudly at that, but Stepan was a sole proprietor and so
no one without his permission would touch me and at least that was a small
plus, but he was enough to replace ten guys and he would mock me and bring
me to tears. And this day I went to the stoker after breakfast, I didn't
know what this day would bring me and what another nasty thing to expect
from Stepan. Fedya usually took Yura with him and they could go somewhere
by car to some point and be there until evening or several days, it all
depended on the amount of equipment they had to bring, and Stepan
controlled me and I was already shrinking from the mere sight of him and my
heart was filled with fear and he saw me smiling maliciously and always
said to me the same phrase, hello faggot, ready to serve me? And what was
included in this service, I did not know, but I had to say that I am ready
my master to serve you to the highest standard and he would laugh loudly
and hit me with his foot and I got on the floor, and he would spit on me
and put his foot on my chest.

When Stepan was not in the stoker's room and Misha and I were alone, we
would talk to each other and that was the best time for me. In a few days
the heating season was starting and we had everything ready for it, and we
had a little rest. There was a separate room in the stoker's room where you
could rest while the shiftman was doing the necessary things. The room had
a bed, a table, two chairs and a small sofa. It was always warm and so we
were in it in only shirts and pants. Next to it was a shower, where we
washed, because our work was not very clean and if there was no Stepan in
our company, it was the best job in the unit, where you almost no one
controlled you. I found comfort in talking to Misha because Stepan
restricted me from all sides and I couldn't even talk to anyone and neither
could Ivan. Ivan was often away on trips and one could say that I was cut
off from everything that Stepan could do, because then he would do terrible
things to me and no one knew it, except Misha, but at such times Misha
could not help me anyway and so I was alone, on my own with Stepan. All his
hatred for me was expressed in sexual gratification, but before he could
fuck me well Stepan had to get himself turned on and that was expressed in
the way he hit me. His blows were mostly to my stomach, my balls, my ass,
or simply he would put his foot on my face and swipe at it with his shoe
and it hurt even more, but sometimes he would deliberately find some dirt,
step in it with his shoe and smear it on my face and then make me lick the
sole of his shoe until it was shiny. He abused me without the slightest
pity and knew that no one would know what he was doing to me and such
impunity often made him furious and at such times he would fuck me so
furiously that I would scream at the top of my voice and, as Misha told me
later, he would just leave the stoker's room so that he wouldn't have to
hear my screams. Misha often had the desire to kill Stepan when he was
alone with me and saw me after what Stepan did to me, and Stepan would look
at me before he left and say that he was still treating me tenderly and I
should thank him for that. And what kind of gratitude could we talk about
when I was beaten by him both mentally and physically, that I was like a
worm lying on the floor after his gentle treatment of me and could not even
say something, because my throat was unable to make any sounds after what
he did to me and it was like that every day until the end of the heating
season, when I no longer needed to be in the stoker and then Stepan found
another place for me and my attempts continued, but besides this place, I
had already slept in the barracks, and now in front of all the boys, at
night after lights out Stepan demonstrated himself in perversions with me
and knew that no one would tell him against and no one would stand up for
me and it was my last year in the army and I can repeat that I survived
thanks to Mikhail, who supported me so that I did not go crazy and did not
kill myself.

And here we are sitting, talking with Misha, it was two o'clock in the
afternoon and my tormentor comes and with his evil smile turns to me, hey
you fucking pig, did you miss me?

- Yes, my master, I missed you and now I am happy to see you and I am ready
to serve you and do all your bidding and all this time I was on the floor
in a position of worship to my torturer and when I finished talking Stepan
told Misha to go out and close the door and for me to strip naked and lie
on my back.

Misha went out, and I undressed and lay on my back and waited to see what
my sadist would do this time. Stepan also stripped naked and sat on my face
with his asshole and made me lick his hole, which he didn't wipe when he
took a shit. The stench was unbelievable and it was fresh shit and I had to
lick with my tongue and Stepan was enjoying this moment because it really
feels good to have your tongue lick your hole. I licked for a long time
until it was clean and then Stepan got up off me and put his foot on my
face. His shoes had shit on them too and he was smearing it all over my
face. I stopped reacting to his words because I heard them every day and
waited patiently for him to finish smearing me in his shit, but Stepan
liked to do that to me and he did it with relish and it made his dick hard
and it was clearly visible.

- So, motherfucker, do you like the way I raise you?

- Yes master, you, as always, do everything qualitatively to make me an
obedient slave and enjoy it.

- Well done faggot, you answer correctly, it will be good for you and sat
on the chair and made me lick the soles of his shoes. I crawled over to him
and lay on my back and his boot was over my face and I started
licking. Stepan got his sole so dirty that it took me a very long time to
lick it clean.

- Now cocksucker, go ahead and suck my dick and swallow it all the way
down.

I got up, crawled over to him and pulled out his cock, which was already
fully erect. Stepan's cock is really beautiful, long, thick and it is
worthy to be treated well and it is necessary to fuck us with it so that we
moan under it, but Stepan didn't use his cock like that, he considered
himself a god for me and that's why he fucked me wildly in my mouth and in
my ass. He could tear my vocal cords with his cock, and I would lose my
voice forever and only by a miracle my voice remained, but for my ass I am
not talking at all, how it withstood his pressure. And I sucked his cock,
and Stepan drove it completely into my throat and choked me with it
constantly and I often choked under it and Stepan liked to make me
unconscious, he got such pleasure from it, when my body would start to
shake from lack of oxygen and my face would turn red to horror and I would
just pass out on his cock and then he would pull his cock out of me and
slap me on the cheeks and I would regain consciousness and he would give me
some time to catch my breath and start all over again. After torturing me
like this, he would throw me on the floor and stand with his feet on top of
me. He would put one foot on my chest and the other on my cock area and
just stomp on me. The fact that I had difficulty breathing did not interest
him, but it also hurt me that he was crushing my penis and my balls with
his other foot, and this double pain was so excruciating that I thought my
penis would be finished.

- I'll make you an invalid, you won't be able to do anything else and if
you work, you'll only work for the pharmacy. You faggot doesn't need a dick
at all, and your balls even more so and it would be nice to castrate you so
that all the boys can see what a freak you are and Stepan took a rope and
tied my dick very tightly and after a while it started to turn blue and the
pain from it became unbearable and I lay at his feet and begged and begged
him to have mercy on me and only after 40 minutes Stepan untied my dick and
said, to raise my legs high and hold them with my hands and when I did that
he kicked my balls and I was twisted so hard that I didn't know where to go
from the pain and he laughed like crazy and called Misha and told him to
take me to the shower and wash me, because he was going to fuck me in the
ass afterwards. Misha helped me up and took me to the shower. I reeked of
shit as it was all over my face. My dick was swollen at once and it hurt to
touch it. Misha cleaned me up and brought me back to the room. Stepan was
sitting on the bed and playing with his cock.

- So, faggot, is your ass ready to be fucked?

- Yes, I said quietly and got on all fours as Stepan liked to fuck me in
the ass.

- You, Uzbek, lubricate his asshole quickly, otherwise I will enter his
asshole dry, and your faggot will know the beauty of his position.

Misha lubed my asshole and wanted to get out, but Stepan told him to stand
there and watch him fuck me and if I had more strength, I would fuck you
too and came up to me and put his huge cock in my ass. The day of pain was
at its limit, and my tyrant fucked me to the full extent of his strength
and even hummed a song, how well he lives and looking at Misha asked him,
my cock is cool ramming this faggot ass?

Misha kept silent and didn't say anything to him.

- Do you hear me, Uzbek, who the fuck am I talking to, or maybe you should
switch places with him so that you would be more talkative?

- Your dick is ramming his ass good, Misha replied.

- If I ask you anything again and you don't say anything, you're going to
get your ass handed to you, do you understand me?

- Understood, said Misha.

Stepan with a satisfied face fucked me, and I screamed under him and as
Stepan was tired of my screaming, he told Misha to stand in front of me and
put his cock in my mouth. Misha did everything slowly and thus did not help
me, but only made it worse, because Stepan through his slowness caused me
more pain, so that Misha began to do what he wanted him to do and Misha
broke down and still did exactly what Stepan wanted, but only when I was
unbearable. I was on my last legs, and Misha was hurting me with his
behavior, as if he wanted to help me, and now he was standing in front of
me and his cock was still in my mouth, why the fuck did he have to act like
that?

Stepan fucked me for a long time and I wanted it all to end, but he managed
not to cum for a long time and it rubbed my ass so hard that it was burning
and I was crying and I couldn't do anything not to cry, and Misha is
standing in front of me and his big cock is in my mouth and Stepan is
telling him, to put it all the way in me and Misha did it and his dick
started to swell and his head got even thicker and harder and it brought
such pain in my throat that I just wanted to die and at that moment Misha
cummed and stopped moving in me and pulled his dick out of my throat a
little so I could breathe and kept it in my mouth and Stepan was fucking me
from behind and I guess he didn't even think about cumming. Misha doesn't
pull his cock out of his mouth, Stepan told him so, and if he wants to
piss, he has to piss in my mouth while he's fucking me, but Misha doesn't
do that, he just keeps his cock in me and Stepan after 15 minutes cummed
and poured his cum in my ass.

- Did you like the way I fucked you, faggot?

- Yes master, you were great and inimitable as always and without you I'm
just a worthless and ignorant faggot and only you can show me my place and
this will be the best moment for me.

- Good singing faggot, well rest, I will need you in the evening and he
pulls his cock out of my ass and I start licking it, after that Stepan
leaves and until the evening we are alone with Misha and I lie on the bed
and come to my senses. I cry and ask him next time not to break like a
girl, it hurts me so much, and it is better to do at once what Stepan says
and Misha promised that it will not happen again and he will try to ease my
suffering as much as possible and he strokes me and I eventually calm down
and fall asleep. Misha woke me up for dinner and we went to the canteen and
ate and now I have to go to the barracks and I have a new punishment from
Stepan and I have a panic attack and I start crying and Misha tells me to
calm down, but it doesn't help me and I just go to the stoker room not to
see Stepan, but Misha says to me that he will come here after lights out
and will do such things to you that I'd better go to the barracks, maybe he
won't be so mad and you'll bear this night and he persuaded me. We got to
the barracks and I saw the eyes of the guys looking at me, I thought they
were going to eat me up. I was a ball of nerves and I didn't know what to
do. Nobody touched me. Fedya was lying on his bunk and Yura was massaging
him. I didn't know where Stepan was, but he wasn't in the barracks, so I
went about my business to pass the time, but I was still very anxious. Ivan
was minding his own business too, and we looked at each other and showed
each other out, and we went to the toilet and talked for a while. I told
him how Stepan was bullying me and Ivan was filled with such resentment
that he wanted to just kill the bastard, but I said no need to do that as
everyone is against me and the truth you and Misha know and Ivan skipped a
bit. It was getting close to lights out time and we went to the
barracks. When the command to stand down sounded at 10 p.m., I turned off
the light and went to bed. I started to fall asleep and I started to dream
that Stepan was calling me, but I was so far away that I couldn't react to
him so quickly and he had to shout and then I realized that he was calling
me for real and I opened my eyes and he was standing in front of me and I
could hear him shouting in my ear, "Are you a faggot, have you lost your
fear, do I have to call you ten times?

I jumped up from the bed and stared at him stupidly not knowing what to
expect from him and Stepan started to explain to me my duties, what I
should do when he wants me at night.

- The first thing you have to remember is that you go to bed always
naked. Two, when I call you, you must crawl up to me on all fours and ask
me what I want and why I called him. Thirdly, since the guys have gone to
bed, you follow all my commands silently, you must not disturb their sleep
and lastly, until you follow my commands, you will not go to bed, so the
faster you follow them, the faster you will go to bed. Do you understand my
simple rules?

- Yes sir, I do.

- Go on then, he told me and went and lay down on his bed.

I stripped naked, got down on all fours and crawled over to him.

- Sir can I suck your cock? Be so kind to me so that I can give you
pleasure and you can appreciate my qualities as I suck your cock and I
stood humbly in front of him and with my head down. Stepan looked at me and
asked, do you really faggot want to suck my cock?

- Yes, my master, I do, and I also want to ask your permission to suck your
huge balls, which also need my care, and you can cum in my mouth or fuck me
in the ass, saying this I stopped talking.

The guys laughed with me hearing me calling Stepan my master and sir, and
Stepan was quite serious about it and let me suck his dick and lick his
balls. I proceeded to do my direct duties and bobbed my head on his
cock. The guys were shocked that I had already served for one year and
obeyed the spirit, who had just joined the army and already had power over
me and could command me and fuck me, although I was not weak in my physical
characteristics and could have easily fucked Stjepa. Stepan put his hands
behind his head and just closed his eyes, he couldn't humiliate me in front
of everyone like he did in the stoker's shop and he still needed to
establish himself and make sure that the guys wouldn't stand up for me if
he overreached somewhere and it might seem wild to some and that's why he
limited himself by making me crawl naked on all fours to him and humiliate
myself in front of him while calling him master and sir to let him suck his
cock and lick his balls.

- Okay faggot, now take my balls in your mouth and start licking them,
Stepan said and I left his cock and started licking his big balls.

I didn't see what the guys were doing while I was servicing Stepan, but I
could hear a lot of the bunks creaking, which told me that the guys were
jerking off, as the sight of my effort was visible to everyone and it
aroused their sexual desire. I sucked his cock and licked his balls for
probably an hour and Stepan tensed up and started cumming in my mouth. His
cum started to fill my mouth quickly and I couldn't swallow because he told
me not to and when he poured all his cum in my mouth, he ordered me to show
him and I opened my mouth and showed him that my mouth was full of his cum
and Stepan ordered me to swallow it and after that I cleaned his cock and
he told me to crawl to my bed and be free until next time. I got down on
all fours and crawled from his bed to my bed and my ass was glistening from
the light of the moon which made the situation very exciting and many guys
just cummed when they saw me crawling like that to my bed and I got into my
bed and fell asleep as I was very tired.

The morning was as usual for me and as soon as the wake-up call was given,
I turned on the light first thing. The guys jumped up from their bunks and
started to get dressed quickly to run outside and start exercising, and I
went to Stepan's bed, who was lying in it and took his cock in my mouth so
that it would go in me and Stepan started to piss in my mouth and when he
finished, I started to suck his cock and he cum in my mouth. After that
Stepan got up and went to wash up and I made his bed and sewed his collar
and only after that I went to do my needs and wash up. At that time, guys
started coming into the washroom and I was washing up and Stasik came up
behind me and put his hands on my hips and pulled my ass to his crotch and
pretended to fuck me a few times. To be honest, I would have given myself
to him, he is a good guy, but being in the herd, he imitated the
collective, and the guys came up to me at that moment and pulled down my
pants and exposed my ass and Stasik was told that the right way to fuck me
was like this and he unzipped his pants and his hard cock came out.

- Now fuck him and we'll see, said Zhenya and lubed my asshole.

- Stasik, don't do that, I told him, Stepan will kill me when he finds out
what you did to me, but Stasik was very horny and his cock was already
entering my asshole. You can't compare Stasik's cock with Stepan's, he had
a cock of 16 cm, straight, very beautiful with a half-open head and not
thin, but not thick like Stepan's, probably in our whole company Stepan had
the thickest and longest cock that even Misha Uzbek was in second place
from him. Stasik drove his cock into me, but I still asked him to stop,
because Stepan was about to come in and he didn't want anyone to fuck me
without his permission and Stasik thought about it and pulled his cock out
of my ass.

- Stasik thank you, I told him and the guys just laugh and tell Stasik that
he should have fucked me.

I washed up and went to the barracks, made my bed, sewed up my collar, and
we went to the mess hall, I went separately from the guys, for them I was
an outcast. We had breakfast and we had about 30 minutes more, and we stood
on the veranda, and I stood apart from them and leaned on the railing and
looked at the ground and wondered what Stepan would arrange for me
today. At that time Yura and Stasik came up to me and Stasik as usual put
his hands on my thighs and pressed his crotch against my ass and held me
like that. Yura turns to me and says, I know you like Stasik and you want
him to fuck you and your ass is asking for his cock and you're already
flowing and you just need to ask him to do it. And Yura says all this so
gently in my ear and with his hands he strokes my cock and undoes my belt
and his hand is already on me and he starts jerking my cock and keeps
telling me how much I want Stasik to fuck me and I am sexually aroused and
I answer him, that I want Stasik to fuck me and then Yura slides my pants
off my ass and Stasik pulls out his dick and spits on it and starts to
enter me and a moan of pleasure comes out of me and Yura says to Stasik, I
told you, that he wants you and Stasik started fucking me right here on the
veranda and the guys were standing there talking to each other, but at that
moment they were so fucked up that they saw Stasik fucking me on the
veranda and I liked it that they just shut up and looked at me with all
their eyes, until he came in my ass and then Yura told me to clean Stasik's
cock and I got down in front of him and started licking it until it was
clean, it took about 15 minutes and Stasik hid his cock and he and Yura
moved away from me and I tucked in my clothes and stood apart from all the
guys. Stasik walked over to the guys and said, his ass is fire, would fuck
him all the time. Then the commander came out and sent all of us to work,
giving each of us our own asses. I came to the stoker room and went into
the room, I stripped naked and knelt down, as Stepan had ordered me to and
waited for him. I stood for about an hour or so before Stepan came in. He
looked at me and out of the blue he kicked me in the stomach, and I fell to
the floor, twisting in pain.

- Get up quickly, Stepan told me, and I reluctantly got up and knelt down
again.

- So, you like Stasik fucking you, huh? And then he screamed at me, right
in my ear, that I thought I'd go deaf from his screaming.

- So, you want Stasik to fuck you? So, I'll make it happen and Stepan came
out of the stoker.

I was on my knees, so I stayed standing and Stepan came in half an hour
later with Stasik and said to him, since you disobeyed me, because I told
everyone that this is my slave and without my word no one can fuck him, and
you Stasik allowed yourself to do such a thing and did not even ask my
permission, then if you do not want me to fuck you, you will fuck this
faggot until I tell you enough, do you understand me?

I look at Stasik and he's all scared and says to Stepan, yes and strips
naked and walks over to me. I opened my mouth and took his cock. Stasik's
dick didn't rise right away, because he was scared of Stepan, but my mouth
did its job and Stasik's dick was hard, and I got on all fours and he got
behind me and started fucking me in the ass. Stasik was fucking me good and
it felt good, but I tried not to show it, because Stepan was sitting next
to me and watching us.

- Fuck him hard and sharply drive your cock into his faggot ass and do it
the whole length of your cock, Stepan told Stasik and Stasik started
fucking me and now it hurt, and so that he could fuck me for a long time
Stepan tied up Stasik's balls and cock, so that he wouldn't cum and Stasik
fucked me and fucked me and his cock was hard, but he couldn't cum and he
was horny and wanted to discharge, but he only increased the speed of his
cock in my ass and it hurt me and I started to scream and Stepan came up to
me and put his cock in my mouth.

- You faggot can't do without my nipple, you scream and scream, but when my
dick is in your mouth you shut up like a child, suck my dick and be quiet.

Stepan's cock quickly grew and Stasik was surprised by its size and Stepan,
seeing his surprise, asked him, do you want me to put it in your mouth?

- Come on Stepan, what are you talking about, I'm not a faggot like him.

- You like my dick, don't you?

- I've never seen such a big one, that's why I was surprised.

- Well, you can come closer and look, and even touch it, and if you take it
in your mouth, I'll let you fuck this faggot, how do you like my offer?

- No Stepan, I don't want to.

- Well look, although my offer is still valid and you can use it whenever
you want, and they continued to fuck me from both sides.

Stepan fucked me in my mouth in his hard style, he never spared me, and
then he took his cock out of my mouth and started hitting my cheeks with
it. He did it painfully and demonstratively, so that later Stasik could
tell the boys and prepare the ground for Stepan in the company to abuse me
in such a rough way. He roughly took me by the hair and sharply and hard
began to push his cock into my mouth, which went down my throat and began
to choke me with it. His eyes were demonic, scary and evil, and his face
was so distorted and became like the horrors of death that I realized that
I was finished and today I probably said goodbye to life and the instinct
of self-preservation worked in me and I began to violently break out of
Stepan's hands, but he was holding me violently by the hair and wouldn't
let go, and his cock was deep inside my throat and I lacked oxygen and I
frantically twitched to get free from this invasion, but by doing so I only
aggravated my situation and quickly lost strength. Stasik was fucking me
from behind, who saw my agony, but Stepan told him to ignore it and fuck me
further, and he held me tightly from the front and didn't let go until my
strength ran out and I started to fly away into some distance, where it
felt so good that I didn't want to go back and experience this brutal abuse
again. I flew into the blue distance, and I felt so lightness in my whole
body that I began to wave my arms like a bird and rise higher and higher
and suddenly some darkness enveloped me and I flew down and fell to the
ground. I slowly opened my eyes and above my face I saw the face of a demon
who is laughing terribly at me and his fangs are so terrible that he can
bite my throat with one bite and he looks at me and says, if you do not
obey Stepan completely, I will eat you and you will be with me forever and
your death will be repeated again and again and you will always experience
this horror, so what do you choose, either Stepan's power or my power?

- I completely obey Stepan and I will do whatever he tells me to do.

- Good for you, I knew you would make the right decision and remember he
has been my demon since yesterday and I will occasionally inhabit him when
he needs my help and he will be very strong and can break anyone who gets
in his way, now go back and remember what you promised me and in a flash I
am back in the stoker and the pain comes back to me, I look into Stepan's
eyes and it's not him and his eyes are hazy and he says to me, remember
what I told you and you promised me and it comes to me that it was not a
dream but a reality and I was filled with such horror and helplessness that
I collapsed and was like a rag that had been squeezed from both
sides. Stasik couldn't cum and was already tired of fucking me, as it had
been probably an hour since he had fucked me and Stepan leaves me and goes
over to Stasik and presses his cock against his ass and wraps his arms
around him.

- You're about to get the power when my dick enters your ass and you can
fuck this faggot for a very long time and you'll enjoy his pain. So, relax
your ass and let my dick in it.

- Stjepa please don't do that, I don't want you to fuck me.

- I'm not Stjepa, I'm your master and I won't fuck you unless you ask me
to, I'll just put my cock in you so that my power will transfer to you and
in six months, when the grandfathers are gone, I'll be in charge of the
company and you'll be my first hand, but you have to let me enter you.

- I'm afraid Stjepa, I mean my master, that you'll tear me up and make me a
bitch just like that faggot.

- Believe me, you'll be my deputy in six months, and now let me enter you,
it will hurt a little, but you'll get over it and Stepan started kissing
Stasik and Stasik started giving himself to him and even stopped fucking me
and after a while of such tender kisses, Stasik started asking Stepan to
enter him and Stepan entered his ass with his cock all the way in and the
most interesting thing is, that it really didn't hurt him much because
Stepan slowly inserted his cock into Stasik's ass and kissed him all the
time and started to transfer his power to him and Stasik started asking and
begging Stepan to fuck him and Stepan fucked Stasik, pouring his cum in his
ass and now Stasik became Stepan's right hand and when the grandfathers
left, they ruled the barracks and all the boys obeyed them. I was on my
knees the whole time and when they finished their lovemaking with each
other Stepan untied Stasik's cock and told him to fuck me hard and
painfully and I felt that Stasik really had something changed after their
sex and Stasik also changed to me and became hard. He fucked me roughly,
for a long time and he liked to tear my asshole and I broke down under him
and cried and asked him to stop, but Stasik fucked me harder and harder and
the speed of his cock in my ass was fast and it caused a lot of pain and he
tore my asshole and I was bleeding.

- Fucking Stepan, look, I tore the faggot's asshole and it's bleeding.

-Then leave his asshole for now and you can punish him with a belt for
letting you fuck yourself when I didn't give him permission. I leave you
with him until tonight and he must be punished severely, do you understand
me?

- Yes, my master, I understand you correctly.

- Don't mess up his face, and the rest, especially his ass, cock and balls,
you can do whatever you want with them, and Stepan left, while Stasik was
having a blast with me.

- Well faggot, now you're mine until tonight and I'm allowed to do whatever
I want with you.

- And now got up quickly on all fours and spread my legs as far apart as
possible.

 I stood up as Stasik said, and he took off his belt and began to beat me
with it. I was screaming at the full force of my throat, because the pain
was incredibly strong and Stasik did not spare the blows on me, and they
flew, then on my back, then on my sore ass, then on my legs, and on my
feet, when the belt hit, it was just horrible. I was screaming and spinning
on the floor, and Stasik was beating me wherever he could and laughing and
his laughter was wild and scary and when I was already saying goodbye to my
life, because Stasik couldn't stop and got into a frenzy, Misha the Uzbek
and hit Stasik with a quick and sharp blow and he flew off to the sides and
a fight started between them and Misha kicked him, punched him and broke
his ribs and his nose and blood ran down Stasik's face and he got scared
and surrendered and Misha took him to the regiment commander and told him
the whole situation, Stepan and Stasik had arranged with me and when they
came to the stoker and saw me naked and badly beaten, the commander ordered
to arrest the two of them and take them into custody and called all the
commanders and consulted with them as to what he should do in this
situation, because no one wanted publicity and it was necessary to keep the
matter quiet somehow. I was made guilty in this case, remembering how I was
with Stepan at the point and wanted to rape him and so I was taken off the
car and sent to the stoker and maybe I started to molest Stasik and he beat
me. The commander didn't believe this nonsense, but he had to solve the
case somehow, so he put Stepan and Stasik in custody for a few days until
he made the right decision, and I was sent to the infirmary again, because
I was badly beaten and my ass had to be treated. I stayed in the infirmary
for a week and then the three of us were called to the regiment commander,
and he talked to us personally and not to raise a scandal, I stayed in the
stoker room, and he forbade them to even go there and if they appeared
there, then they would be in the disciplinary battalion and after talking
to us we left his office and went to the barracks.

- Listen faggot, you realize what a problem you created and now you have to
atone for it. As I was your master, so I remain and if you even mention
that we came to the stoker, we will kill you this time, we have nothing to
lose and you have nothing to gain. We'll deal with the Uzbek and he won't
interfere with us anymore and at the same time help you, we'll just isolate
you from everything and everyone this time, and you'll be on your own till
the end of the service, if you can bear such a load, and now bow to me and
kiss my feet.

I fell on my knees and began to kiss Stepan's feet and confess to him that
he was my master and I would always respect and obey him and would not tell
anyone that he came to the stoker's shop and what he did to me. My worship
got Stepan sexually excited and he ordered me to suck his cock and I
quickly reached up and pulled his cock out of his pants and started sucking
it and it seemed to me that his cock got bigger than it was before and I
told him so.

- Master your cock seems bigger than it was before, would you like me to
measure it?

- Why do you need to know the length of my dick faggot? What difference
does it make? You sucked it as you sucked it, and as this dick fucked you,
so it will fuck you, but if it makes you feel better, you can measure it,
but then you have to tell all the guys in the barracks how big my dick is
and how you swallow it in your fucking mouth and how my dick chokes you,
and then I fuck you in the ass with it and you're screaming because it
hurts and you're begging me to stop fucking you, but I'm still fucking you
until I cum in your ass. So, what are you gonna tell me now? Do you still
wish to measure my cock?

- No master, no such desire, but you still have a great cock, and it's
gotten bigger.

- Come on, keep sucking, stop talking if you don't want me to tear your ass
with this cock, and I kept sucking, and Stepan cummed in my mouth, and he
and Stasik left.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Sun, 17 Nov 2024 14:00:00 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 7 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me
at: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to Nifty.
https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 7 chapter

I sat in the car and cried, scenes of violence flashed before me, where
Yura just abused me and in the presence of the guys from in the barracks he
put me on all fours and fucked me until I started crying under him from the
pain, he brought me both physically and mentally. Also, when I was off, he
would come to my bed, he laid me on my stomach and fucked me for hours and
the bed would squeak a lot, but it seemed to turn him on a lot and he would
not only fuck me, but call me names and then cum in my ass and I would lick
his dick and he would go to sleep. I don't know how much time passed, but I
was sitting in the booth and Yura walked by and saw me.

- Hey faggot, why are you sitting there, come here!!

I got out of the car, walked up to him and looked at him. Yura spit in my
face and said, remember faggot, when you stand next to me, your fucking
face must be down and you must not look at me until I tell you to, is that
clear?

I put my face down and nodded my head that I understood what he said.

- Now come with me, Fedya wants to see you.

I followed Yura and we went into the stoker room where Fedya was located
and waiting for me. Misha was also there, as he had been put in charge and
was preparing the stoker for the winter period. I already knew that it was
impossible to look me in the face and so I walked up with my face down and
stood next to Fedya.

- Well, cockerel, Yura has already lowered you, how does your ass feel?

- Good, I answered and stopped talking.

- I understand you want to know why you are here?

I was silent and didn't say anything, because I knew why I was here.

- Well, if you are silent, it means that you understand your fate in the
army for the last year and you will now show me your respect and it will
depend on how many people will know about you. Get on your knees and get to
work.

I knelt down in front of him, unzipped his pants and pulled out his
cock. Yura stood next to me and watched me suck Fedya's cock and it turned
him on so much that his hand was on his crotch and he was squeezing his
dick. Fedya closed his eyes and put his hands behind his head while I
pumped his cock with my mouth. Fedya's cock was a small 14 centimeters,
thick and curved upward, and it looked as if it had been broken as a child
and remained so crooked. Sucking it was hard, because the head was
constantly rubbing my palate and I wanted to burp all the time, and I
realized that because of the structure of his penis I would constantly have
a gag reflex, whether I wanted it or not, but Fedya seemed to be less
interested in that, Now I sucked his dick and he liked it . It was probably
about 20 minutes and Fedya opened his eyes and saw Yura jerking his dick
and smiled, but he didn't want to interrupt the process and so I sucked him
off standing on his knees. I tried to lick his head, as I realized that it
was very sensitive and I brought him to orgasm and Fedya started to cum in
my mouth. He had more cum than all the guys from whom I sucked cock. It
felt like he was a bank of cum and I wouldn't have time to swallow it all,
but Fedya stopped shuddering and the cum stopped coming out of him. I was
still sucking his cock when he called Misha over and when he came over, I
asked him, listen Uzbek, do you see that faggot? Do you want him to suck
your dick, or maybe even fuck him in the ass?

But Misha said, no, and stepped aside.

- I don't get it, Uzbek, are you the smartest guy here, you're offered a
free blowjob and you refuse?

At that moment Yura came up to Fedya and said something in his ear, and
Fedya smiled and said, "Is that it?

- Listen Uzbek, you wanted to know what Yura was doing in the toilet when
you came in? He was giving mouth to that faggot. So, will you let him suck
your dick, or maybe you're a faggot too and wanted to take my dick in your
mouth, or maybe you want to suck Yura, look what a beautiful dick he has,
he wants to give it to you or to that faggot. I'm counting to three, if you
don't come over and let him suck your dick, we'll make a faggot out of you,
do you understand?

I was sucking Fedi's cock while they were talking, and he pushed me away
from him, stood up and started counting to three. I was lying on the floor
and looking at Misha, and he was deciding what to do in this
situation. Fedya counted leisurely and kept asking Misha to put his cock in
my mouth.

- One, Fedya said and walks around me and looks at Misha and I just lay on
the floor and watch this situation unfold.

- Look at that faggot, he's waiting for you to ram your dick in his ass or
mouth. He'll do whatever you tell him to do, don't you want to put it in
his ass? Look how beautiful it is. Come on faggot get in a prone position
and show the Uzbek your ass, he needs to see the goods he has to make up
his mind.

I got up from the floor, pulled down my pants and turned my back to Misha,
got on all fours and spread my buns apart to give him a decent view of my
ass, which he had already seen and fucked.

-You see what his ass is like, clean, shaved and waiting for your dick,
Fedya said, and he walked beside me and stroked my ass. Misha was silent,
and Fedya said, two.

- You must be a faggot too, Fedya said to Misha. Yura, come over to him and
stroke his ass, you have to determine it somehow.

Yura came to Misha and put his hand on his ass and stroked it.

- What do you think, Fedya asked him, when Yura ran his hand over his ass,
the Uzbek has a nice ass, can I fuck him too?

- I would fuck him, said Yura.

- Well now his question will be solved and if he won't fuck this faggot,
you can fuck the Uzbek and I'll give him into your hands and you can do
what you want with him. So, Uzbek, will you fuck this faggot? Or maybe you
need help figuring out how he sucks?

- So, faggot, go over to the Uzbek and start sucking his cock so he can
tell how well you're doing it, Fedya told me, and I went over to Misha and
started unbuttoning his trousers. Misha put his hand on his pants and
didn't let me unbutton them, but I looked at him and quietly said, let me
do it, it will be good for everyone, but still Misha didn't take his hands
off and Fedya was so happy and came over and said, Yura look, they are in a
group of davalokas and now we have two faggots and we will just fuck them
so they know their place. So, are you gonna fuck this faggot? But Misha
said no and Fedya said three.

- So Yura, we're going to twist the Uzbek and fuck him, and then we'll fuck
this faggot, and they came up to Misha and wanted to twist him, but it was
not so easy for them to cope with Misha and a fight broke out between
them. I watched from the side as they beat Misha and as Misha fought them
off, but Misha couldn't beat them without help and they still took him down
and Misha's nose was bleeding, but Fedya and Yura were so excited by the
fight that they didn't care what happened to the Uzbek and they tore off
his pants and were going to fuck him. Misha didn't fight back, as he was
exhausted, and Fedya took out his dick and jerked it off, while Yura held
Misha's head and put him in a position for Fedya to fuck him. Fedya jerked
his dick and came up behind Misha and inserted it into his asshole and
started fucking him.

- You could have just fucked him in the ass and nobody would have touched
you, but now you'll be servicing us too and you'll regret more than once
that you didn't listen to us when we offered you a good deal. Yura stopped
holding the Uzbek and came over to me and put his dick in my mouth and I
sucked it, and then he put me in front of Misha and started fucking me in
the ass too. They cum in our asses and made us service their cocks that had
been in our asses. We licked them and they left, saying that if we told
anyone anything about what happened here, they would fuck us in the ass in
public and the whole part would know it, and so it would stay between us,
but they would fuck us all the time, and they left us and we looked at each
other and were silent. I couldn't understand why Misha did it, because he
could have fucked me and not been subjected to such violence, so they broke
his nose. Misha was the first to break the silence.

- Listen to me Kolya, don't blame me for doing that, I had good reasons for
it, which you don't even know about.

- Misha, are you gay too?

- No, I'm not gay, but I couldn't leave you alone in this problem either.

- Do you realize what you've gotten yourself into? Misha, they'll fuck your
ass so hard you'll wish you'd fucked me. Fedya is a monster, and Yura is
two monsters from whom you and I can expect no mercy. They'll do anything
to humiliate us and the worst thing is that they'll do it in public. Masha,
Misha, what have you done? I lowered my head and started crying, I couldn't
believe that now they would fuck and humiliate Misha too and if I had Ivan
as my protector, he was alone and couldn't protect me from them. Misha came
to me and hugged me and said, Kolya remember, if I have to suck your cock,
I will do it or if they make you fuck me in the ass, you can fuck me, for
your sake I will do anything.

- Why Misha, you didn't let anyone fuck you and you didn't suck your dick,
so why are you going against yourself now?

- Kolya, we had one bad case in our family, I can tell you about it later,
but after it a lot of things changed in our family and in our relationship
with both my father and my brother, I don't want you to go through this
path alone, that's why I took your side and let myself get fucked in the
ass.

I looked at Misha and couldn't understand what could have happened in their
family to make him act like that now, but I had to find out, but Misha said
he would tell me later and I didn't bother him.

- Look, if you want me to prove to you that I would do anything for you?

I looked at him and asked and what kind of proof is that?

Misha came over to me and unzipped my pants, knelt down in front of me and
took my dick in his mouth and started sucking it.

Fuck, I thought, what a turn of events, and Misha was sucking and he was
doing so well that I had a doubt that he had sucked someone before, maybe
his brother. I cum in his mouth and Misha took it all in, licked my cock
and got to his feet.

- Well now you realize that I'm ready to go with you on this hard road we
have ahead of us and I know it. I was dumbfounded by this but grateful that
this was how Misha opened up to me and we went to the barracks. As we
approached the barracks, Yura was walking towards us and as we approached,
he grabbed my ass and said, "Nice ass you have and slapped it with his
hand.

- This is just the beginning, Misha said to me, as we walked away from him,
I think Yura will be the cruelest to us, and maybe to you, and looked at
me. His words scared me and I asked, how do you know that?

- I'll tell you later, but now I have to wash up and go to the dining room.

Ivan saw Misha and asked, "What do you have there?

- If I tell you honestly, you won't believe me, so I fell down the
stairs. Misha didn't tell Ivan the real reason for his battered face,
because Fedya warned us that we would feel even worse later. We washed up
and went to the canteen. When we were leaving the canteen, Yura told me to
stay back, so I waited until all the boys had left and went up to him.

- "Come with me, faggot," said Yura and led me towards the old
warehouse. We got there, and there Fedya is already waiting for us and
silently without talking, they put me on my knees and I start sucking
Fedya's cock. Yura wants to fuck me in the ass, but Fedya tells him that
not today, Gena will still fuck him at night, let's wait until he goes on
demobilization and then we can exploit this faggot a hundred percent. Fedya
cum in my mouth and after him Yura came and put his cock in my mouth.

- I will destroy you to the fullest, you will cry all the time and I will
turn you into the most cumming faggot who will go crazy at the mere sight
of my cock. Yura fucked me very roughly in my mouth, calling me names and
spitting in my face while telling me how much he hated me. When he cum in
my mouth, he pushed me with his foot and told me to get the fuck out of
there. I got up, shook myself off and went to the barracks.

- Where the fuck have you been, Gena said to me and gave me his shirts and
underwear and collapsed on the bed, and I went to wash them. It seemed to
me that Yura was just watching me and was ready to do me all sorts of nasty
things and humiliate me at the same time. I was washing my underpants, and
my underwear was lying next to me and Yura came in and took my underwear
and put them in my mouth, then he pulled down my pants so that my ass was
visible and put me in a position so that everyone who came in could see my
ass and my position that I was ready to give everyone standing upright.

- That's how you're supposed to stand and do your laundry so that any boy
can fuck you in the ass at that time and walk away. I stand in this
position and do my laundry further and my underwear is stuffed in my mouth
and I can't see it. I feel really bad and uncomfortable about this and if I
am asked what should I say? And how can I talk with underpants in my mouth?

Stasik came in, and he always looked at my ass and his exclamation was just
surprised. He came up to me and his hands started stroking my ass.

- Fuck Kolya, you surprise me today, I always wanted to fuck you on my
cock, and here is such a picture and he presses his crotch against me and I
feel that his cock starts to rise.

- I want to fuck you, let's organize it somehow and he rubs against me.

I keep quiet because my panties are in my mouth and Stasik takes his
finger, wets it and starts to shove it into my asshole. His finger goes in
well, and he fucks me and says, "Maybe you Kolya want my dick in your ass
instead of my finger. Seeing that I don't answer him, he pulls his finger
out of my point and pulls out his cock and crouches behind me and starts
shoving it up my ass. I'm quiet and Stasik gets more active and his cock
goes in me and he starts fucking my ass.

- Fuck Kolya, finally my dream has come true, I wanted to taste your ass,
and here is such an opportunity, thank you dear. Why didn't you say
anything all the way here?

But I won't tell him that Gena's underpants are in my mouth and Yura put
them there and put me in this position and took off my pants, and Stasik
doesn't seem to need my answer, it was just said by him, he was enjoying
the sex and got so carried away that he didn't notice that Gena came in and
was looking at him.

- What the fuck are you doing here, Gena said to Stasik and pushed him to
the side and Stasik flew into the corner with his pants down and his dick
sticking out. Gena went up to him and asked, "Tell me, you scum, what is
this?

Stasik was shocked and started to say something, that I was standing so
bent over and my pants were down and it happened that way.

- Get the fuck out of here before you get pussy from me and ask me, come on
tell me, how come you're offering your arse to everyone?

- Yura arranged all this, I said to Gena as I pulled his underpants out of
my mouth.

He looked at me and said, "Call him here, we'll find out. I put on my pants
and went to the barracks and called Yura to the washroom and went with him.

- Tell me why the kid was standing here in such a pose and how my
underpants were in his mouth?

Yura just turned pale and did not know what to say and Gena says to him,
take off your pants and quickly, I will not wait long. Yura's hands were
shaking as he took off his pants and when he took them off Gena took them
from him and told him to now stand in the exact position, he had put me in
and took Gena's underpants in his mouth. You only had to look at Yura to
convey the horror that was frozen on his face, but Gena didn't punk him and
Yura had to put Gena's underpants in his mouth and they were already wet
with my saliva. He got down and Gena told him that he would stay like that
until bedtime and told me to call Stasik as he likes to fuck guys in the
ass and when Stasik came, Gena told him to fuck Yura and Stasik was a bit
wrinkled but then he jerked his cock and fucked Yura in the ass. We left,
but Gena told him if you stand up and change your position, then in the
barracks you will stand like that and everyone will fuck you and we left
and took his pants with us. Yura still had a whole hour ahead of him and
naturally someone would come in there and see it, and then it was up to
him.

I was massaging Gena, and I was thinking for Yura, because he wouldn't just
leave it like that and I would get a lot more for it than he did today and
I had to make up for it somehow, so that Gena would handle the situation,
and I told him that I was afraid of his revenge, because you would soon
leave and he would take revenge on me. Gena looked at me and told me to go
get him.

I went into the washbasin and Yura was really standing there looking at me
and when I went up to him and told him that Gena was calling him, he told
me through his teeth that I was going to be fucked and should I go naked
like that?

- Gena didn't give me your pants, he just told me to call you and I
left. After a while Yura came to the barracks, under the laughter and
whistling of the guys and with a red face came up to Gena.

- You, I take it, are celebrating your victory? That you like to put your
dick in someone's mouth, huh?

Gena stood up and walked over to Yura.

- Open your mouth, he told him, and when Yura opened his mouth, Gena took
one hand to hold his head and put the other hand in his mouth and began to
imitate as if he was fucking him in his mouth. Yura started to burp and
Gena shoved his fingers even harder into his mouth all the way in and just
tore his mouth open and fucked him with them.

- What the fuck, you like to burp. Now grabbed a rag and cleaned this place
up real quick. Yura ran to get a rag, and Gena shouted throughout the
barracks to Fedya to come to him and when Fedya came, he asked him, I
understand this is your ward?

- Yes.

- So why is he behaving so badly? We should punish him; don't you want to
do that?

Yura was wiping the floor with his bare ass and heard the whole
conversation, what Gena was telling Fedya.

- Well, how do you want to punish him?

- I think he needs to be punished, too.

- Come on, I'm waiting.

Fedya realised that words alone would not do the trick and when Yura wiped
the floor, Fedya put him on his knees and made him suck his dick. Yura
sucked it, but I realised that it would affect me and I was more afraid of
the consequences, but Gena told Fedya that Yura should suck Fedya's cock
for another two weeks and he should see it. So you and Yura come here
tonight and I will watch you punish him, am I making myself clear, Gena
asked them and Fedya said yes. There was a withdrawal as I serviced Gena, I
sucked his cock, balls and arse. I got so into the taste that I forgot to
be quiet and Gena got up and took me to the wardroom, he was so horny that
he wanted to fuck me hard. He put me on my back and put his finger in my
arse, he fucked me with it and I moaned under it and then a second finger
came in and the reality of fullness started to come to me. I liked the fact
that Gena didn't mess around with me, he did what he thought was right and
already the third finger was in my arse and I could feel the pain and
stretching of my hole, but Gena didn't stop there and now he put all the
fingers together and started shoving them up my arse. The pain was intense
and so that my screams wouldn't be heard, my panties were in my mouth and
he kept shoving his hand in and out of my arsehole. It took probably an
hour of time when I was standing upright and Gena was sticking his hand up
my arse and his hand started to go into my asshole and Gena lubed me up
more and started to stick his hand up me again and through the intense pain
his hand went into my asshole and I was covered with sweat from the pain,
but Gena stopped his actions and his hand was in my arse. He stroked my
arsehole, balls, slowly jerked my cock and told me that everything was
fine, just bear with me a little longer and I would take my hand out
afterwards. About 5 minutes passed and his hand started to come out of my
point and after it came out, it was so easy and the pain started to go
away, but at the same time it was like there was an emptiness in my
arsehole and I wanted to fill it and I shared my feelings with Gena, he
told me that we were going to rest for a while and he was going to fuck me
in the arse. I was standing on my back the whole time and Gena was stroking
my arse and then he came from behind and his cock entered me. It felt so
good at once, the emptiness I had just had and at the same time the pain of
Gena stretching my arsehole with his hand and he started fucking me. His
cock was going in and out of my ass, I was enjoying the feeling and Gena
was gaining momentum and before cumming in me he just fucked my ass hard
and I felt that I was about to cum from such sex and that moment came and
cum started to fly out of me and my moan of pleasure filled the locker room
and I guess it didn't pass Gena by either and he started cumming in my
ass. Fuck, it had to be such an experience when Gena ripped my asshole with
his hand and then fucked me and I cum from that without hands. We were
lying on the couch and Gena was breathing heavily. His cock was in me and
he pulled me against him and wouldn't let go. I felt safe in his arms and I
didn't move to stay like that for as long as possible and I didn't notice
how my eyes closed and I fell asleep, but I slept with Gena and he held me
in his arms and his cock was in me. He too was very tired of it and fell
asleep from such bliss too.  It was eight in the morning when we woke
up. My ass hurt a lot, but remembering what emotions I had experienced, I
would give anything to have it happen again. Gena seemed to hold me in his
arms the whole time and when we opened our eyes, he was in no hurry to let
me go and pull his cock out of my asshole.

- Baby, you were great last night, I didn't think you could handle the
invasion of my hand, but it went in you too, fuck, it's the first time I've
ever had my hand up someone's ass. So, we need to get up and get cleaned
up. We started and my ass feels like it's not mine, only I can feel the
pain and my legs don't want to go. Gena looked at me and told me to lie
down on the couch, and he went out and told one spirit to bring us
breakfast and come back to me. When we had eaten, Gena took me to the
stoker and told the Uzbek not to touch me and put me on the bed and left.

After a while Misha came and asked what was wrong with me and I told him
that everything was fine, just that Gena had put his hand in my ass and now
it hurt a lot. Misha turned me over on my stomach and looked at my ass.

- Yes Kolya, it's a miracle that he didn't tear your asshole, but lie down,
I have a lot of work to do and left. I lay on the bed until evening and
Gena did not forget about me and a young guy brought me lunch to eat and by
evening Gena himself came and found out my condition and we went to the
barracks together, but for dinner I went myself and, in the evening, I
rested and Gena gave me a massage. In the morning, I felt better and after
breakfast I went to the motor pool. Gena was preparing for demobilization
and didn't go anywhere else. Yura was working next to me and I decided to
go up to him and talk to him. Yura looked at me obliquely, but reluctantly
answered my questions, and then he said to me, do you want to suck my dick?

- I do, I answered and we went to the booth, closed up and I went up to
him, took off his pants and took his cock in my mouth. Fuck Yura's cock
rose instantly and it was no longer me sucking him, but him fucking me in
his mouth. He put me on my knees and his hands were on my head and he just
fucked me in his mouth, then he stopped and asked me, do you want to be my
bitch and I will fuck you all the time?

- Promise me you won't do anything bad to me like you promised before and
I'll be your bitch, I answered him.

- Okay I promise, but you also promise me that you will do anything I tell
you to do for me.

- I promise, I answered and Yura continued to fuck me in my mouth and his
orgasm was just strong, he poured so much cum into me like he hadn't cum in
a month. I licked his dick and after that we had a normal conversation and
he reminded me that I was now his bitch, he would fuck me whenever he
wanted.

- Yura, I don't mind you fucking me whenever you want, but let's make this
arrangement effective when Gena leaves?

- Good, especially since he fucks you hard, right?

- Yes, and now my ass hurts a lot.

- Okay, Kolya, we agreed, and we shook hands. I went to my car and did my
business, and Yura was at his and now the tension between us was removed,
and I was happy about it, but soon my joy from this arrangement will change
to tragedy, but it will be later, and I did not know it yet, and Yura as a
snake lurked and waited for his hour.

During these two weeks I was only once with Ivan, twice with Misha, and
Yura tried to exploit me all the time and by his good attitude towards me
he made me feel good about myself, and I already thought that we would do
well with him. We were in the motor pool and everyone was doing his job. I
was doing my job and thinking for Ivan, with whom we had sex. Ivan was very
gentle but passionate with me, his cock was brutal and he could ram any
hole in me and enter it with it, he knew how much I wanted him and all he
had to do was be near me for me to drive him to a frenzy. My mouth was a
good receptacle for his cock, which felt very good in it. My throat had
already gotten used to taking a huge cock in its entirety without choking
and the gag reflex was almost gone from me and all my partners were happy
with that, especially Misha, who had the biggest and thickest cock.

Ivan took me to the forest, to his favorite place where we had sex, and he
put me on my knees and his cock was already waiting for my caress, and I
took it in my mouth and started caressing it with my tongue. My tongue
worked fast on his cock; nothing was left without his intervention. Ivan
was going crazy and wanted to put it in my ass, but I didn't enjoy his cock
and sucked it full length and passionately and Ivan couldn't stand this
invasion of my tongue and mouth on his cock and he twitched and started
cumming in my mouth.

- Fuck Kolya, I wanted to fuck you, but you brought me to orgasm so
skillfully that I just couldn't stand it, Ivan told me, but I knew he
wanted to fuck me and so I kept sucking his cock and it started to rise
again and now Ivan could fuck me. Ivan lifted me up and put me in a prone
position, spit on his hand and lubed my asshole and his cock and entered
me. After Gena widened my asshole with his hand, Ivan's cock entered well
and immediately started fucking me hard. I moaned under him and my eyes
began to close, I just floated on the current of lust and my moans were
loud and Ivan did not care, as no one could hear us, but Yura was in the
car park and saw Ivan and I left and he quietly followed us and recognized
our place and watched us from afar, but when we returned, he did not say
anything to us, but smiled sweetly and I did not even realize what poison
this snake had prepared for me. We talked as if nothing had happened, and I
did not know that he was watching us, he would tell me all this later, but
now he offered me to suck his cock, as he was very excited by what he had
seen, and I gave him a blowjob with pleasure. Yura was like a shadow that
followed me everywhere and he saw me and Misha having sex and his huge dick
going in and out of my ass and he kept those moments deep inside himself to
use it all against me, but now he was my soul friend and I trusted him.

Time was passing and the two weeks were coming to an end when Gena would
leave the unit and go home. I was even a little sad about it, because I was
used to him and he had become a part of something close to me and if he had
let me go with him, I would have gone without a second thought and lived
with him as his personal slave, doing all the work he told me to do and
servicing him sexually, but he was leaving without me and it made me sad.

It's Gena's last night in the unit and he's going home tomorrow, so he got
me, Yura, Fedya up after lights out and took us to the locker
room. Tonight, they would fuck Yura in the ass and make a whore out of him,
and I would suck their cocks to make them stand hard. They made us strip
naked. Yura was immediately put in a pose and lubed his asshole and I
started sucking Gena's cock first and when his cock stood up, he went over
to Yura and put it in him. Yura screamed and Fedya slapped him in the face
and told him to shut up or everyone would now know he was being fucked in
the ass and he was Fedya's bitch. Yura tried to keep quiet, but the pain
was strong for him, and Gena's cock was big. Gena fucked well, even
beautifully. His body moved in time with his cock. He had his hands on
Yura's hips and together with his cock, he was pulling Yura's ass to
himself. His dick was fully in and fully out of his ass, and only the head
remained there and again Gena drove his dick into it. His ass looked great
from the side, round, pumped up and sexy. To be honest, the sight of Gena's
ass always drove me crazy and I had more than once wanted to fuck him
myself, but now I was watching him as he fucked Yura and it was a
delightful sight and my dick was standing up. Fedya held his dick in Yura's
mouth so he wouldn't scream and only a mooing came out of Yura's mouth when
Gena drove his dick fully into his asshole. I was off for the time being
and so I wouldn't skip out, Gena told me to get under Yura and suck his
cock, so I got under him and took his cock in my mouth. I sucked his cock,
Fedya had his cock in Yura's mouth and Gena was fucking him in the
ass. Half an hour passed and Gena made me get out from under Yura and had
Fedya put his cock in my mouth and we switched places and now I was sucking
Fedya's cock and Gena was still fucking Yura. Yura wasn't yelling so much
anymore and his voice had changed more to a moan, which is why Gena made me
suck Fedya's cock. Fedya behaved aggressively towards me, he fucked me hard
in my mouth and made me choke on his cock, but Gena looked at him and said
that he should give all his strength to Yura, and I was only needed to
raise our cocks and Fedya and he left me alone and walked away from me. I
sat in the corner and watched Gena fucking Yura, he was really a
professional, his actions were so graceful that I wanted to be in Yura's
place now and the interesting thing was that Gena had fucked me before, but
I hadn't seen from the outside how exciting it was. Gena didn't cum but
just stepped aside for Fedya to start fucking Yura, and Fedya with his
wildness and mercilessness was fucking Yura so that even though we didn't
cover his mouth, his internal cries were still strong. Gena just looked at
it and stroked his cock, he wanted to stretch this pleasure for the whole
night.

-Fedya you would reduce your ardor; we want to make a whore out of Yura and
we will need strength for that.

- Gena, everything will be fine, I know myself, and I'll tear his ass that
in the morning he will only crawl and hiss like a snake, because my cock
will give him nothing to scream with.

- So, it's not that big, Gena said and laughed.

- Maybe it is, but it's curved upwards and that does its job in his ass and
it will make it hurt a lot, not from your big and thick cock.

- We'll see what makes his ass hurt more, but don't get carried away and
fuck him till morning.

Gena stopped talking and waved his finger for me to come over to him and,
pointing at his cock, started watching Fedya again.

I got down on the floor in front of Gena and started sucking his cock and I
did it very gently and slowly and Gena liked it and he started stroking my
head. Fedya fucked Yura to the fullest and didn't spare him and his crooked
cock, it seemed to me, caused Yura much more pain than Gena's cock. Fedya,
as I understood, had a delayed arousal, because with such eagerness as he
had any guy had already cum, but he could not cum, so he did not even sweat
and only after half an hour Fedya began to drive his cock even harder into
Yura's ass and started to cum in it. Yura was screaming into the rag he had
in his mouth and when Fedya pulled his cock out, Yura fell face down on the
floor and lay there moaning from the pain Fedya had given him. Gena stood
up and walked over to Yura and told him to get on all fours and when he
stood up, Gena stuck his cock in him and continued fucking him. Yura was
already chickening from such intense sex but neither Gena nor Fedya showed
him any regret and Gena continued fucking him in this position. Fedya was
watching Gena as his dick worked in Yura's ass and it tempted him and his
cock started to rise again. He waved his hand at me and I crawled up to him
and started sucking him. What can I say, but sucking his crooked cock was
really uncomfortable. He rubbed my palate so hard that my mouth never hurt
as much as it did from sucking Fedi's cock. The stiffness of his cock was
at an all-time high and he was ready to fuck Yura again, but Gena had now
taken over his ass and Fedya only had to watch and wait for his turn. Gena
was cumming hard, his body was shaking and he fell on Yura's back with all
his weight and lay like that for a while and then he pulled away and Fedya
jumped on Yura and his cock was already in Yura's ass and he fucked him
hard again. Gena sat and rested and I sat at his feet and Gena stroked my
head. Fedya fucked Yura for about an hour and Yura even stopped screaming,
as he had no more strength, and he was just like a zombie with his head
down, accepting his fate, that he was now a whore and Fedya had unlimited
rights over him. And at the end, when Fedya was about to cum, Yura couldn't
stand on all fours anymore and fell on the floor and already lying down
Fedya cummed in him. Fedya got up, and Yura as lying on the floor, and did
not even move, and the guys decided to rest a little and then again
continue their business with Yura. They brewed themselves coffee, drank and
smoked, paying no attention to Yura, who just lay there and didn't move. I
was sitting separately and they didn't touch me either, but they didn't
offer me coffee either, and I didn't insist, just as long as they didn't
touch me. Over coffee they started talking and Gena asked Fedya if he had
ever fucked a guy, since he does that, it was assumed that he had sex with
a guy and Fedya said that just before the end of school he had sex with a
guy and he liked it and they met maybe five times and he fucked him.

- Did you have sex with a guy, Fedya asked Gena?

- No, not once, it has already appeared here, because the load here is
strong, but it's nice to fuck a guy in the ass, but Gena has a girlfriend
in the civilian service and they were going to get married.

 - Listen Gena, let's call an Uzbek, he has such a long and thick cock that
we never dreamed of it and let him work on this ass and we'll see how Yura
will stand it.

Gena liked the idea and he told me to go and get Misha and I woke him up
and told him to go into the wardroom. Misha came in and saw this
picture. Yura is lying on the floor with his face to the floor. Gena and
Fedya are both naked and drinking coffee, I'm sitting at Gena's feet and
stroking him.

- Listen Uzbek, we need you to fuck Yura and you can be free, and until you
do, you're not going anywhere, so it's in your interest to fuck him and go
to bed, and Kolya will help you to make your dick hard and after these
words I went to Misha, took off his pants and started sucking his
cock. Misha didn't like Yura and that's why he didn't resist what was
offered to him in the locker room and that's why his dick stood up quickly
and he went to Yura and lay on him and put his dick in his ass and Yura let
out signs of life by screaming and Misha started to fuck him and so quickly
his dick went in Yura's ass that he started to scream again from pain and
again his underpants were in his mouth and while Misha was fucking him, I
sucked Gena's dick. From such a picture, Gena's cock quickly stood up and
he was waiting for Misha to finish fucking Yura so he could fuck him
again. Misha did his best and cum in 10 minutes in his ass and Gena let him
go and Misha went back to sleep and instead of Misha, Gena took the
position and continued in his measured and usual sex technique of fucking
Yura and Yura broke down and started crying and begging, that they would
finish fucking him and he would do whatever they told him and when Gena
once again cummed in Yura's ass, he pulled his underpants out of his mouth
and said, "Well, whore, tell me what you wanted to say.

- Please guys don't fuck me, I'll do anything for you, I'll be your whore
till the end of my service and do anything for you. I'll do your laundry,
I'll do your laundry, I'll suck your dick, I'll give you ass, whatever you
want.

- So Fedya accept him as he wants to be for you for the rest of the
service, Gena asked Fedya.

- You bet. Having a whore who will do everything for me is a gift.

- Remember whore, you have no name now, you're a whore, asshole, faggot,
cocksucker, etc., and these are the names you will answer to. If you refuse
to do it, you automatically become a company whore and anyone who wants to
fuck you will have the right to do so, and as long as you listen to me,
then only the one who I allow to fuck you, only he can do it, and you now
belong to me completely, I understand, Fedya asked Yura. Yura nodded his
head and said, yes.

- Are you thirsty, Fedya asked him and Yura said, yes.

Fedya went over to him and pulled out his cock and told him to open his
mouth and when Yura opened his mouth, Fedya started pissing in it and Yura
had to drink Fedya's piss.

- This will now be your water whenever you get thirsty in my presence and
you always have to tell me about it, got it?

- Yes, got it, said Yura.

It was 4 a.m. when the guys decided that he had had enough for the day and
went to bed. Yura stayed in the wardroom and just lay on the floor, and
Gena and I went to the barracks and went to bed. At 6 o'clock there was a
rise, and guys quickly jumped up from their bunks, and Gena and I lay and
slept and nobody touched us. At 8 a.m., when we opened our eyes, a spirit
came up and brought us something to eat. We got up, washed up, ate and went
to the wardroom to see what was going on with Yura, he was already sitting
on the couch and we Gena said that he could go to the barracks and rest and
no one would touch him today and Gena gave Fede an order to see to it. Yura
went to the barracks like a shithead and the guys looking at him realized
that he was fucked all night and some of them started to neglect him and
said in his back that he was a faggot and that he should have been fucked
in the ass even more. Yura reached his bed and fell on it, and Fedya told
everyone not to touch him without his permission and the guys went to their
workplaces, and I stayed with Gena, as I wanted to take him to the
checkpoint. Before leaving, Gena left me his address and phone number and
obliged me to come and visit him after the service, and I promised. I
walked him to the checkpoint and we said goodbye and he reminded me once
again to come visit him and went home and I slowly went to my job and I
missed Gena so much and I didn't know what would happen to me now.

to be continued

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories;
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Tue, 12 Nov 2024 11:28:00 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 6 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me

at: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 6 chapter

At 4 a.m. the alarm rang and we all quickly jumped out of our beds and
began to dress and run to the armory, and in full uniform I ran to my car
and quickly checked everything, although we had it ready yesterday and
started it and drove to my place, where I was to stand while the other
soldiers, too, will take their places and we will move in a column to the
place designated by the duty officer of the regiment. Gena came slowly and
told me that I would drive while he was still asleep. He sat down next to
me and passed out, and we moved forward and drove for about 40 minutes to
the place where we had to deploy our equipment and prepare for battle. At
10 a.m. the superiors arrived, passed by, looked, went into the wagon and
came out of there about an hour later, and we were like fools, hanging
around their equipment and waiting for their command. They came out of the
wagon cheerful and told us to get back and go to the regiment. I always
thought the army was just a wasted time in life. We went back to the
regiment, put the equipment in place, turned in our weapons and went to the
mess hall to eat. Afternoon, the captain gave us the rear, and the
grandfathers went further to bed, and we young men went to our object and
did our business. The captain also went home, and we were left alone. Ivan
came up to me and told me to follow him. We left the motor park and went
into the woods, Ivan had a place he liked very much, and he brought me to
it and said, "Let's make it quick, so that it would not be so obvious that
we were gone. I got down on my knees and unzipped his pants. His cock was
hard and I lowered my mouth on it. Fuck, it was so fucking hot, and I
started sucking it greedily and vigorously.

- Fuck, Kolya, I'm going to cum, Ivan said to me, but for me five minutes
of sucking a cock is like being shown and told to lick only the head and so
I didn't even pull away, but sucked even harder and Ivan cum in my mouth, I
swallowed his cum but still sucked his cock vigorously and after five
minutes he again took a fighting stance and now Ivan lifted me up, took off
my pants and put me on my ass. Having smeared saliva on my ass and his
cock, he inserts it and starts fucking me and faster and faster his cock
moves in my ass and I just start to fall from excitement and Ivan holds me
tightly by the hips and tells me not to pass out and after 10 minutes of
such frantic sex, he cum in me and freezes in me. I'm pressed against his
body and Ivan's strong arms are around me and he kisses me and tells me
that I'm his girl and he loves me and it's like I'm not here and I have to
go back to my body, but it feels so good that I don't want to go back, but
I hear Ivan telling me that we have to go now and his cock is in my mouth,
that we have to go and his cock comes out of my ass and it brings me back
to reality and I feel very bad and start crying and Ivan turns me to him
and holds me with his hands and tells me to calm down, that everything is
okay and he is there for me and he will not leave me. I calmed down and he
wiped my tears and we went to the motor pool. We got there just in time as
the captain came in and told me to get ready to go to one point. I asked
him who I was to go with and he said you take an Uzbek as there was a pig
to be slaughtered. At some points of our division, they kept their own farm
and the meat of pigs was given to the chiefs, plus they made blood sausage,
and whoever wanted to take the fat, and the rest, what was left, went to
the kitchen and the grandfathers took the fat, salted it and then ate it.

I said goodbye to Ivan, started the car, and the Uzbek and I got in and
drove off. I knew that I would have to spend the night there and the Uzbek
would be with me and it made me a little nervous after the incident in the
toilet, but Misha behaved well enough and we talked about different topics
and I felt sympathy for him, as we had not communicated much before and I
did not know him, and while we were driving he told me about himself, his
family, his customs and our road was not so tiresome. We arrived at 6pm, I
put the car in and Misha changed his clothes and went to the pigsty. He was
gone for two hours, and when he came, he was having fun and said to me,
"Come Kolya and wash with me, because I am bored alone. I thought that
today was a hard day and why not take off the load and go for a swim and we
went. On the way he told me that one officer poured vodka on him when he
was carving a pig, in a word, they got the Uzbek drunk, but he divided the
meat equally among all the officers. I knew what could happen in the shower
room, but I went deliberately, because my opinion of him had changed while
we were driving and when we got into the shower, his cock was in a
semi-standing position and now all the talk was about sex. My cock was
giving me away because it was hard up and Misha came close behind me and
his hands pressed me against him and the feel of his cock on my ass gave me
an inner shiver and I relaxed and surrendered to his hands.

- Kolya don't be afraid of me, you are a good guy and I have been watching
you for a long time and there in the toilet you sucked Yura's cock, I know
it from my brother who I fucked until I got into the army, I will tell you
about it later, but now get on your knees and start sucking my cock.

I was already so horny that my brain wasn't working in the right direction,
and I was being led by sexual desire and I sank down in front of him and
his horse cock was in front of my eyes. I took it in my hand and started to
jerk it slowly and with my other hand I was going over his balls and it was
such a nice sight when his cock started to grow and take its true size and
I was just shocked at how long and very thick Misha's cock was and Gena was
no match for him. I stroked his cock and didn't think about how it could
enter my ass; I was just far away from that thought because I was
mesmerized by what I saw and my mouth opened by itself and the head of his
cock came out into my mouth. Misha let out a long moan and put his hands on
my head. I licked his head with my tongue, I was all over the place and my
tongue was quickly tooling on his cock and when I had explored everything
with my tongue, I went down on him as much as mine was at the moment. I
started sucking his huge cock, which barely fit in my mouth, but I gave in
to the sexual passion and I didn't care what that cock did to me. Misha was
in a blissful state and did not prevent me from riding my head on his cock,
and I began to take it more and more in my mouth and did not even notice
how I swallowed it and it was already in my throat. Gena still got me to
take his cock fully in me, and this technique helped me to take this big
cock and it filled my throat. I couldn't breathe, but I didn't hold it in
my throat for a long time, I rode it and pulled it out of my mouth and
worked on its head, and then I took it all the way down my throat again,
and as long as I had time not to breathe, that's how long it was in me. I
don't know how much time passed, but Misha lifted me up and told me to
stand up straight. I was at the peak of my arousal and so I quickly turned
my back to him, bent over and spread my buns and Misha lubed up my asshole
and his cock and started thrusting it into me. Fuck, I didn't think it
would hurt so much, but his head was in me and Misha didn't do anything
yet, he just jerked my dick gently so I wouldn't cum, and then he started
pushing his dick in me again and slowly he got it all the way in. Filling
his cock was much better than Gena did, especially since Misha treated me
with respect and it also played a part to give him a chance to fuck
me. Misha was in me for a long time before he started moving his cock in my
ass.

- Fuck Misha, it hurts, I told him.

- Do you want me to come out?

- No, I don't, just move it in me slower, I haven't adapted to it yet.

Misha decreased his movements and I felt better. Misha held me tightly in
his arms and even though he was a little smaller than me in height, but his
hands felt strong and those hands made me feel incredible feelings inside
me and I wanted to feel the power of his cock in me and I told Misha, to
start moving inside me and Misha went and I yelped at the invasion of his
cock deep inside me but I decided to withstand this onslaught and I
clenched my teeth and Misha was gaining momentum with his cock inside me
and held me tight and I gave up and my legs gave out and Misha put me on
all fours and continued fucking me. I was in ecstasy and I started moaning,
screaming and even swearing and Misha tried to close my mouth so I wouldn't
make too much noise, but he got very excited and started ramming me hard
and my head just fell down and I just kept repeating, harder, harder,
harder and Misha fucked my ass and, in a moment, he was pressed against me
and his cum started filling my ass. His cock was throbbing and spurting cum
into me and he was breathing hard and lying on top of me.

- Fuck, Kolya, that's just fucking great, Misha said to me, when he stopped
cumming. Even my brother didn't behave like you and you withstood my cock,
I didn't even count on it, I thought you'd suck it and that was it, but
like a professional prostitute you let yourself get fucked, you did a great
job and kissed me for joy.

I was on all fours and I was recovering from the sex. My ass was broken and
it hurt a lot and I asked Misha to see if it was torn and when he looked at
it, he said it was okay, but I couldn't have sex for a few days now and
then I remembered Gena and my insides fell apart and now I had to get out
of it somehow and I didn't know how. We washed up and went to the
car. There we made sleeping bags and went to bed, because we had to leave
in the morning. I passed out quickly, and Misha too, and when the morning
came, then all yesterday's sex appeared before me and I did not know what I
would say to Gena, because my ass yesterday experienced such an invasion,
that not that two days I need for it to stop hurting, but a week, so that I
could again have sex and my frustration came out of me and Misha opened his
eyes and looked at me and asked, what happened Kolya?

- I can not go to the part now, at least a couple of days somewhere to stay
from yesterday, my ass hurts a lot.

Misha looked at me, stood up and asked me to show him my ass. His hands
were stroking it so gently that I didn't want him to finish his inspection.

- It wasn't torn, but it really needed a rest. He paced back and forth in
the booth and walked out, saying he'd be back soon. He was gone for half an
hour and he came back happy and said he'd made a deal with the commander
and he was going to keep us here for a couple more days and I was like a
mountain had fallen off my shoulders and I just went back to my sleeping
bag and passed out. I woke up a couple hours later and Misha brought me
breakfast. He served me like my own brother and it was doubly pleasant. My
ass felt better during these couple of days, and I was grateful to Misha
that he agreed with the bosses so quickly.

These two days on the point were the most beautiful for me, firstly, I
didn't have to justify to Gena why my ass was sore and secondly, I
practiced deep throat with Misha for two days. Misha turned out to be a
good guy, and he told me a lot about himself, about their customs, about
their belief in Islam and why he did not eat lard at home, but in the army
he did. A lot of things were unusual for me, but it was nice to listen to
him, he had such a funny accent and some words sounded so unusual in his
mouth that I just laughed with him, but he was not offended, but told me,
Kolya I will laugh when my dick will go down your throat and choke you and
I also played along and said, we'll see, who's gonna choke who, you choking
me with your dick in my throat or me choking your python, and then he'd
come over to me and he'd get on his knees and I'd have my face in his
crotch and he'd say, "Suck my dick and I'll show you how I choke you and
he'd unzip his pants and his python would come out and I'd take it in my
mouth and suck it. Fuck, it felt so good when his cock was going down my
throat and I was trying to say something and those vibrations tickled
Misha's cock so much and he was laughing and asking me to do that to him
some more. In those two days, Misha had poured so much cum down my stomach
that when we drove to the unit, his balls were empty and my asshole had
healed a bit, but we agreed to meet up whenever possible and Misha would
fuck me in the ass. There was an evening when he and I were sitting in the
car chatting and I was wondering how he got on with his brother who was a
year and a half younger than him.

- It happened when I was in 7th grade. I was coming home from school and it
was about 4:00 pm and I had to pass an abandoned house where my brother and
I used to play and as I was passing by it, I heard a low moan and it
alarmed me and I stopped to hear it better and when I heard another moan I
decided to go in and see what was going on and so I quietly sneaked into
the house and walked towards the moan. In one room, through the open door I
saw two silhouettes and one was standing and the other was bent over and
his head was going up and down and I realized that this boy was sucking the
other boy's dick and the one that was standing was producing these moans. I
was watching it like mesmerized and couldn't look away and my cock stood up
and I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock and started jerking off
looking watching the boy suck a dick.

I was getting close to climaxing and I could have cum right away, but I was
wondering who it was and so I stopped jacking off and just watched them. He
sucked for probably about 15 more minutes when his partner started
shuddering and put his hands on his head and started fucking him in his
mouth. He was moving his cock in his mouth so fast that the boy was choking
on it, but the first one didn't care, he was going to cum in his mouth so
he was fucking him hard and watching this I started jerking off again
imagining that I was the one fucking him in his mouth and I started
cumming. I wanted to stay to watch, but I realized that they could catch
me, and the two of them would clobber me, and then I would be in their
hands and maybe they would fuck me in the mouth too, so I quietly left and
all the way I thought who it could be. The next day I was walking from
school about that time and remembering this incident I decided to look in
the house and I also quietly went in and again I saw the same picture, the
same boy is on his knees and sucking another guy dick. It's impossible to
just take and leave and I wanted to go in and let this boy suck his dick,
but when this thought came to me there was another one, that I would scare
them away and I would never see them here again, but this way I could come
here and watch them.

- Wait, Misha, you couldn't see their faces?

- The room where they were doing it was dark and I could see their
silhouettes, but I couldn't see their faces and so I stood there for a long
time so that my eyes could get used to the darkness and I could generally
recognize their outlines and so I watched them for a week and the same
picture was the same, the same boy was on his knees and the other one was
fucking him in the mouth. I got home and was speculating about it and I
wanted to find out who it was and as I was speculating, I heard my brother
come in and head to his room.

- Karim, why are you so late, I asked my brother.

- I had a late practice and afterwards the coach asked me to clean up the
gym.

I didn't pay much attention to it at first and started thinking about those
guys again and how I could catch them. I didn't want to take pictures on my
phone in that darkness, you can't see anything, I didn't want to go in and
look them in the face, I didn't see any effect either, and I didn't want to
tell the guys for them and go there together, I wanted that kid, I wanted
that kid on his knees to suck my dick and that picture made my dick hard
and I started jerking it off in bed and imagining that he was sucking my
dick and just before I was about to cum, my door opened and Karim came in
and saw the picture of me jerking my huge dick and cum came out of it. He
stood in the doorway like mesmerized and didn't move and I finished
shooting and opened my eyes. I saw Karim and our eyes met. To say I was
scared, no, I wasn't, but Karim's eyes were huge and there was something in
them that made me lust, I thought, and Karim apologized and walked out, but
I called out to him and he came into my room. I took wet wipes and wiped my
cock and asked him what he wanted.

- Majid, would you be able to help me in math, because there's one problem
I can't solve?

- Come on, show me what you got, I told him and started to put on my
shorts.

Karim sat down next to me and opened the textbook. I read the problem and
began to explain it to him so that he could understand and solve it
himself. We sat together for about 15 minutes and when he understood the
solution he asked me awkwardly and stammering, what is the length of my
penis?

- 18 centimeters and 6.5 centimeters, why do you ask?

- I've never seen a penis like that before, so I asked.

- And what's yours, I asked him, but show me, and I reached into his shorts
and pulled them down. Karim's dick was small, but it was standing up for
him. I ran my hand down his shaft and Karim closed his eyes in pleasure and
a moan came out of his mouth.

- Does Karim feel good?

- Yes Majid, it does.

- Are you wanking your dick off already?

- It happens, Karim told me and blushed.

- Come on bro, why are you blushing, all guys jerk off and me too, but if
there was someone to take my dick in his mouth and suck it, you know it
would be even better.

Karim sat quietly and looked at me.

- Do you have something else for me, I asked Karim.

- No, I'm going to go, I just wanted to ask you something else.

- I'm listening.

Karim was hesitating to tell me what he wanted to say and I pushed him by
saying that what you ask me will stay between us and then he made up his
mind and said, "Could we jerk off together?

- And that's what you wanted to ask me and laughed, of course brother come,
I'll jerk you off, now go, I have to do my homework too.

Karim left, and I started thinking for those guys again, and the only right
decision I found for myself was to hide and wait for them to come out and
then I would at least see who they were, so I could decide what to do next.

On Monday I had nothing to do after school so I came home changed my
clothes and went to the old house by 4pm. My job for now was to find out
who it was and then I would decide what to do. I went in quietly and I
could already hear them minding their own business and I went into the room
they would have to come out through and waited. About twenty minutes later
I heard a voice saying that he was in pain and that voice was familiar to
me and to be sure I went over to the room where they were messing around
and now, I saw that the boy who was sucking his dick was standing upright
and the other guy was shoving his cock up his ass and again I heard the
boy's voice and realized that it was my brother's voice. And I go into the
room and kick the guy's legs and he falls to the floor and the next kick
hits him in the stomach and he's writhing in pain and I tell Karim to go
home and we'll talk at home and Karim quickly puts on his pants and runs
away scared and I go over to the guy and I want to smash his face in and
he's lying at my feet with his pants down and I decide to just fuck him. I
picked him up and looked him in the face, and it was a kid from the
parallel class.

- So, Mahmood, you've decided to spoil my brother, have you?

- Majeed it's not my fault, he wanted me to fuck him. What you want me to
do, I'll do anything for you.

- Tell me, how did this even happen?

Mahmoud wanted to put his pants on, but I told him not to put them on, but
to take them off completely and give them to me, and while you're in this
unenviable position, I'm waiting for an explanation from you.

- It happened a week and a half ago. I went into the bathroom and your
brother was already there and when I pulled out my dick and started to
piss, he came over to me and took my dick in his hand. I was looking at him
and he says he'd like to suck my dick. I didn't mind, but I told him where
he wanted to do it, and he offered to do it in this house, because he knew
that no one comes here and he used to play here with you, so we were here
every day, and today he asked me to fuck him and you caught us, that's all.

Mahmud was silent and looked at me and waited for what I was going to say,
I also thought about what I should do with Mahmud and I went up to him and
took out my cock and said that he should suck it as punishment, that he had
spoiled my brother and Mahmud took my cock in his mouth and started sucking
it and I cum in his mouth and said that if you ever come near my brother
again I will fuck you in the ass and tell all the guys and let him go. I
walked home and thought about what I should do with my brother. It was good
that Mahmoud sucked me off and my excitement would not rule me and I could
think it over calmly. I got home and Karim was waiting for me in my room
and when I came in, he fell at my feet and started begging and pleading
with me not to say anything to anyone. I picked him up and told him to calm
down, I'm still thinking about what I should do with him. Karim again fell
at my feet and started kissing them and promised that he would do
everything so that no one would know for him, and I didn't want anyone to
know that my brother was a homo, it was a bad reputation for me too and I
told him to calm him down that I wouldn't say anything to anyone, but how
did you decide to do that, I asked him.

- I just always liked you, but I knew you would never go for me sucking
your cock, and talking about fucking me is a taboo you would never cross,
and for Mahmoud I heard that he likes to give in his mouth, so I decided
with him.

- So, you like guys?

- Yeah, a lot. And then he looked at me and said, I would like to have a
sexual relationship with you and then I won't look for anyone and he looks
at me so devotedly and I look at him and I can't make up my mind because he
is my brother and Karim reaches out his hand and takes me by my dick and
starts stroking it and it starts to grow and that defined our relationship
and that was the first time a guy sucked my dick and then I started fucking
my brother and I got so into it that we slept together and we had sex every
day. He learned to take my cock deep in his throat and his asshole was
stretched under my cock and now when I am in the army and I want sex, it is
very painful for me and I jerk off five, six times a day and I want sex and
if we find time for it, it will be a holiday for me.

Majid's story was so sexy that my dick just stood there and I went over to
him and took his dick and gripped it hard in my hand.

- What darling do you want to suck my stud? Well don't be shy, I'm ready to
put it in your mouth.

I unzipped his pants and took out his python.

- Misha, how long is your dick?

- Ohhh, you don't want to know and he smiled at me.

- You've been in my ass anyway and I'd like to know the size of your
python.

- 26 centimeters, by 7.7 centimeters.

- How the fuck did it get that big?

- My father had a milking machine and he milked the cows, we had three of
them and I often went with my father and watched the process and in the
fourth grade, when no one was home, I put my penis in the milking machine
and I liked it so much that after that I told my father that I would milk
the cows myself and after milking I put my penis in and milked it with this
preparation and I noticed, and I started to spend more time with this drug
and my dick got even bigger and when it started to rise, the machine was so
tight around my dick that I couldn't get it out and I had to cum to make my
dick fall down and that's how my dick got big.

- Didn't you do that with Karim?

- Why does he need a big cock, he likes to be fucked with a big cock, he
wanted to be born a girl, as he confessed to me, so he doesn't need a cock.

I started sucking Misha's cock and he was pulling my head so that his cock
was in my throat and I was so horny that I asked him to fuck me in the ass,
but Misha started to talk me out of it, knowing that it would still hurt me
and he didn't know the main reason and I didn't care at that moment and I
talked him into fucking me. I felt like my ass was breathing with passion
and my asshole was spreading and narrowing and I wanted a cock so badly
that I didn't think and didn't think ahead, I wanted a dick and to have my
asshole full of it and Misha put me in front of him and his cock touched my
asshole. I thought I was going to pass out from that and started to ask him
hard to get his cock into me faster. My cum was flowing from my cock and it
seemed that there was no end to it, I was becoming uncontrollable and
Misha, seeing this started to push his cock into me. I growled with pain
but asked him not to stop, I needed everything from him and to have his
cock in me, and Misha shoved his cock completely into me and when I felt
his body on my ass, I had such an orgasm that I started cumming without
hands and Misha started fucking me. I cried and screamed and howled like an
animal, but asked him to fuck me harder, I lost my mind and gave myself
completely to passion and when Misha cummed in me I blacked out and just
lay there and breathed heavily.

- What's wrong, Misha asked me.

- I'm crazy and I want you to fuck me constantly and a lot. I want to feel
your huge and thick cock in my ass and I want you to pour your cum in my
belly and I want to lick your ass.

Misha looked at me and asked, seriously?

- Yes, seriously, I want to lick your ass.

Misha turned his backside to me and I licked his ass passionately and I
didn't give a fuck that it wasn't fresh, it was even better for me because
I was getting even more turned on, but at the same time Misha was getting
aroused and his cock started to come alive again. I licked his ass and
jerked his cock and when his cock was really hard, I told Misha again to
fuck me hard. Misha wanted to talk me out of it but I needed his cock so I
turned my back to him, bent over and spread my buns and told him to fuck
me. Misha came over and put his cock in my ass again. I growled and told
him not to stop until he cum in me. Misha fucked me but I wasn't enough and
I told him to fuck me the full length of his cock and as Misha fucked me
like that, I felt my bowels turn out but I was under passion and I wasn't
enough until Misha started cumming in me and then there was such a relief
and I went limp and Misha held me in his arms.  I couldn't stand on my feet
well so I lay back in my sleeping bag and asked Misha to wipe my ass. Misha
gently and thoroughly washed it and looked at the damage but there was none
and I was pleased.

- How will you go to the unit with such an ass?

- And what do you suggest, still go to the commander?

- Well, I can try, especially since they have a problem in the pigsty and I
can help them.

- Well, if so, I won't mind that, but now I feel completely empty and want
to sleep.

I fell asleep quickly and what Misha did I don't know, but the fact that in
the morning I found out that we had two more days was good for me because I
was completely shattered from yesterday. Misha helped at the pigsty and I
just came to my senses and after two days we went to our unit.

We arrived at the regiment, and I immediately warned Misha to behave with
me the way he behaved before we left for the point together and not to show
any emotions to me, let everything remain as it was for others, and between
us, we will find a way to communicate and if possible, have sex. We went
into to the barracks and Gena immediately like, oh elephant hello, and a
long time you were not, and now quickly get ready and come with me to
work. I went to wash up, cleaned myself up and went with Gena to the motor
pool.

- Fuck, I'm so horny that my balls are turning blue from sperm, what were
you doing there?

- The Uzbek was cooking meat for the officers, cutting pigs, salting lard
and it took so long.

- So now straight into the booth and I just want to fuck you, I can't take
it anymore.

We went into the motor pool and went to our car and climbed into the
booth. Gena immediately closed the door and unzipped his pants. I silently
got on my knees and started sucking his cock, I missed him too, but after
such a big and thick Uzbek cock, Gena's cock did not seem so thick to me,
and I worked on it with my tongue and hands over his testicles. I could see
that I missed him and Gena just dissolved into my grooming of his cock. I
licked his head and my tongue was all over his head and the piss slit
didn't pass my tongue and I even wanted Gena to piss in my mouth and I told
him so.

- I'll fuck you elephant and then I'll piss in your fucking mouth, and now
let's serve my cock and I started to suck and lick it further. Gena was
enjoying my ability to give pleasure and even could not stand it and said,
little boy you are just a natural born slut, and now you got on the rack,
and now your ass will be fucked. I stood up straight, Gena wet my ass and
drove his cock in one sharp thrust into my ass all the way up to my
balls. I howled from such pain and Gena started laughing and said, that's
for leaving me without sex for such a long time and my balls swelled up and
started fucking me. He fucked me fast and hard and because he hadn't had
sex in a week, he cum fast and pulled his cock out of my ass and turned me
to him and knelt down so I could clean his cock with my mouth.

- Fuck, it was like going to heaven, he told me after I'd served him. He
sat on the bollard and I sat in his legs and his cock was in front of my
mouth. A few minutes passed and Gena told me to open my mouth, he was about
to piss in it. I opened my mouth and took his head in my mouth and Gena
started pissing in my mouth. I drank his piss and looked into his eyes, he
always likes me to look into his eyes and he would stroke my head and tell
me how good I am. He cum pissed in my mouth but he didn't pull his cock
out, he just held it in me.

- What's up kid, are you getting off on me?

I just nodded my head to keep his cock in me and continued to look at him.

- You'd make a good watchdog, ready to do whatever your master tells you to
do. Four more months and you'll be without a master, and that's bad for
you, and I need to find you a master from your draft, or maybe from your
future grandfathers. And Gena started to list guys from my draft and give
them characteristics, but for some reason all of them did not fit, or their
penis was small, or by their character they could not be a master to keep
me in a knot and not to say anything for me. And then he started to speak
for future grandfathers and stopped on Fede and said, here he would be a
good master for you, but he is cruel and his dick is small.

- An Uzbek would be a good master for you and his cock is just right and he
won't say anything to anyone, but he's not in authority and you'll be taken
away from him and then you'll be on your hands, and I don't want that,
you're a good kid and I'll feel sorry for you.

He stopped talking and I'm on my knees with his cock in my mouth and Gena
is thinking for me.

- Listen kid, do you know anyone?

I looked at Gena and suggested Ivan.

- He's too kind though he won't tell anyone for you, okay I'll think about
it, Gena told me and pulled his cock out of my mouth. We got dressed and
got to work. Gena didn't touch me until lunchtime, and after lunch he
fucked me again, and when we were coming out of the booth, Yura and Ivan
sat not far from us and stared at us.

- Elephants, what are you looking at, Gena asked them and Yura answered
that we were not looking at anyone. Gena and I went to the barracks, and I
asked him, do you think they can guess what we are doing?

- Why are you so worried about it? Did someone catch you? As long as you're
with me, you don't have to worry about it, come on, elephant?

- But you'll be discharged soon, and I have to live with them.

- I told you I'm thinking about it and don't give me any more shit about
it, you understand?

- Yes, I understand.

As long as I was near Gena, I had nothing to fear, but there were still
those guys who had already served a year and a half and Fedya was among
them, who disliked me and if Gena stopped at him, then I was dead. Time
went its way and autumn came and, in a month, Gena was to be demobilized. I
sometimes found time for Ivan and Misha, and Yura somehow flew by, either
because he was not so persistent or he was afraid of the Uzbek when he went
to the toilet and there was a quarrel between them. But I didn't want to
leave Yura out of it and when he and I went on guard duty, I made time for
it and took him to the duty room and gave him a blowjob there. Yura was
happy that I took the initiative and sucked him off, but I wanted more from
him and so I started a conversation to reveal his fear and why he was not
so active.

- Yura, do you like the way I suck you?

- Of course I like it, especially since it's a big problem in the army.

- Then why don't you use my services?

- Maybe I'm embarrassed to tell you.

- Or maybe you're afraid that someone will find out that we're spending
time together and I'm sucking you off? Or that time in the bathroom, when
Misha came in, even though you acted aggressively towards him, you became a
bit secretive.

- Fuck off, Kol, what do you want from me?

- I want you to fuck me.

- Seriously, is that what you want?

- What's embarrassing? Or do you want to, but you don't say anything?

I decided to take the initiative to help him get a high from sex with me
and continued the conversation.

- Yura, tell me honestly, would you like to fuck me?

- Generally, yes.

- Do you want to fuck me now?

- I just came in your mouth right now.

- Well, if I lift up your dick, will you fuck me?

- I don't know, but I could try.

- Then let's go, I said to Yura and I unzipped his pants again and took his
cock out and took it in my mouth. I felt that Yura was tense and it
prevented him from experiencing the sexual pleasure of blowjob again, but I
wanted more from him, so that he fucked me and could know how good it was
to fuck a guy in the ass and now my task was to help Yura to relax, then I
would ride him and ride his cock. Somewhere subconsciously I realized that
Yura had probably never fucked anyone and for him to fuck a guy was beyond
impossible, but I had to break this barrier in him and so I sucked his cock
with enthusiasm and my efforts were successful, Yura's cock began to come
alive and grow stronger. His hands were on my head and he wanted my head to
be completely down on his cock so that he could go down my throat and not
just in my mouth. I didn't interfere with his decision, but corrected him
when I needed to change the oral sex a little so that Yura would understand
and taste how pleasurable it was. I consciously moved him in that direction
so that it would not be a taboo subject for him. Yura started to get high
again and here the most important thing was that he didn't get out of this
high before time and didn't cum, and my hands started to play with his
testicles, and this also helped him to experience sexual excitement. But I
wanted him to get wild and until he fucked me in the ass, he would not be
able to calm down, and here you need talent, not just the ability to suck
cock. Yura's cock was erect and uncircumcised. Its flesh hung down from the
head and that made it even more desirable. The head is large and pointed
and the length of his cock was 16 cm, in thickness about 5 cm, I think that
such dicks are ideal and for the mouth is good and in the ass you can
safely fuck. I decided to leave his cock for a while and switched to his
testicles. They were also very sexy and beckoned with their size to take
them in my mouth and suck, suck and suck them, and his round ass, so it is
in general, as from a statue removed and given to him in possession and I
lick his testicles and my hand begins to enter his crack, but not touching
his hole and I realize that he likes it, so I'm on the right track. With my
tongue I go through his testicles and going up the shaft of his cock to the
head, I lick it and again go down to his testicles and again they are in my
authority and I see how Yura wants to discharge, but discharge should
happen when his cock enters my ass and fucks me and so, to excite his
interest in my ass, I breathe my hot breath on his head and again I take
his balls in my mouth and with my tongue go over them and at the same time
I don't forget to stroke his ass and gently move my hand along his crack
and Yura is already on a roll and to make it even harder I take his cock in
my mouth and suck it a little so that his cock was wet from my saliva and
at the same time I lubricate my hole and I lay Yura on his back and rise
above him and insert his cock in my ass. He came well and I started to move
up and down on him and I look at his face and realize that he likes the
process and I start to move faster on him and his cock becomes very hard
and I suggest Yura to fuck me in the rack and I get up from his cock and
stand in front of him in the rack and wait for him to get up and put his
cock in me and fuck me. Yura is still lying there thinking about what to
do, but my ass is open for his cock and he gets up and drives it into my
ass and starts fucking me. His hands are on my hips and he holds me tight
and drives his cock in deep and gets a taste and starts calling me names
like faggot and cocksucker and whore and asshole and asshole and asshole
and asshole and asshole and asshole, and that someone like me only needs to
be fucked in the ass and waffled in the mouth, and for me his calls are
like pleasant music, because now Yura will want to fuck me, because he has
tasted how good it is to fuck a guy in the ass.

- Fuck Kolya, you're such an asshole, and I didn't know how nice it is to
fuck you in the ass, now I'll fuck you at the first opportunity.

I think, I got you Yura and got you on my ass, now you will run after me
and ask me to let you fuck me, and Yura thinks he is in charge now, cum in
my ass and pulls out his cock and puts it in my mouth for me to suck it and
says, come on faggot suck my dick and lick it clean. I suck his dick and he
slaps my cheeks and says, good faggot, I wish I had known that before and
pulls his dick out of my mouth and says, free for now and hides his dick
and leaves. During our duty, Yura fucked me and gave me a fang, only he
probably doesn't know the proverb that if the bitch doesn't want it, the
cable won't jump on her and I feel victory over him inside me, and an extra
dick won't hurt me when my ass needs sex. Time goes on, Gena fucks me every
night after I suck his cock and I don't forget to shave my ass, because
once I came from the point and I was so tired that I didn't have time to
shave my ass, and as luck would have it I didn't shave my ass, and Gena
doesn't look at the fact that I'm very tired, he started fucking me in the
ass and the hairs started stabbing his cock, so he made me get up and go
shave my ass, and I also got pussy because of that and he took me to the
locker room and fucked me so much that my ass hurt for almost a week,
because Gena didn't let it heal, because he fucked me all the time and
that's why, after that incident, sick, tired or whatever, I shave my ass
all the time. Once every two weeks Misha and I went to the point and he cut
a pig for the officers and we always had a night ahead of us when we had a
good time, and I looked at him and thought how I had thought so badly of
him in the beginning and wanted to tell Ivan to put Misha in his place, but
now I was ready to live with him and do whatever he wanted.

It was already evening when Misha came in and he smelled like a pig, so
much so that I told him to go and have a bath and put his clothes in the
wash.

- I want to go swimming with you, he said to me and my dick immediately
reacted to those words and I got up and we went to the shower
together. Fuck, Misha is such a great kisser that I just dissolved in his
kisses and my cock was hard and dripping and I wanted to have sex with him,
but Misha was in no hurry, because for him these little encounters were so
desirable that he wanted to enjoy them and so that before the next time he
could build up his sexual energy again and give it to me again. Misha never
sucked my cock, only I did, but he fucked me in such a way that I just fell
under him because my ass was just smashed by him, but I liked it and I
always wanted him not to spare me when he fucked me in the ass and Misha
did it. In the morning, I woke up with pain in my ass, but satisfied and
happy that for a while longer I would feel that pain and remember Misha and
his huge cock. So, after a shower and some good sex we sit in the locker
room and chat. Misha is sprawled out on the bench and leaning back with his
legs spread apart and his dick dangling at his feet. We sit naked and it's
such a relaxing time after sex, and Misha tells me about his brother, how
after that incident, they started sleeping together with Karim and Karim
was like a girl for him, who sucked my dick and licked my balls and ass and
washed all my clothes, especially my underwear. He gave me massages all the
time, made my bed, carried my stuff to school and took it home
afterward. He was like my personal dog and always waited for my
instructions and I used him and did not neglect anything my brother could
serve me and I made him my slave. After a while he drank my urine and I
loved it and it was one morning when we didn't have to go to school and we
had the day off. We fucked well at night and fell asleep, and in the
morning, I woke up to the fact that my brother was sucking my dick, and I
wanted to pee in the toilet and I told him about it, but he did not even
move away from my dick, but continued to suck it.

-Karim I'm going to piss myself if you keep sucking my dick, I said to him,
but Karim as if he didn't hear what I said to him and continued sucking my
dick.

- Karim can you hear me; I want to piss but he doesn't react and he sucks
my dick so well that I don't want him to stop but I want to piss more and I
tried to get up but Karim didn't let me do it and started sucking my dick
even harder hoping that I would cum faster but I couldn't cum because my
bladder was full and I needed to piss.

- Karim I'm going to piss in your mouth and I'm going to have to piss in
your mouth, stop it, I'm going to piss and then you can keep sucking my
dick, but Karim didn't stop and a little bit of piss came out of me into my
brother's mouth and he swallowed it and didn't even get embarrassed and I
thought maybe that's what he wanted and I pissed in his mouth a little bit
more and he swallowed it too and didn't even look away and kept sucking my
dick. I couldn't hold myself back any longer and decided I would piss in
his mouth if that's what he wanted and my piss poured into his mouth and
Karim just started drinking it and I looked at him and couldn't get over
what I saw. Karim drank everything that was in me and continued sucking my
cock until I cum in his mouth. I looked at Karim and he was happy with the
outcome of the case and did not show any displeasure and after this
incident I started to piss in his mouth all the time and he was my morning
toilet.

While we were talking, Misha wanted to piss and told me he was going to go
take a piss and I just went over to him and knelt down in front of him and
took his cock in my mouth and looked at it.

- You want me to piss in your mouth?

I nodded my head and Misha released his brakes and now I was drinking his
piss and looking into his eyes. Misha stroked my head, ran his finger over
my eyebrows and I could see his love for me.

- Kolya, you remind me of my brother and I miss him very much and to be
honest with you, he and I have decided to live together, but we just need
to go somewhere where we won't be persecuted for our relationship. In all
the time Karim and I spent together, we realized for ourselves that we
don't need to look for any girls and we are perfect for each other and
that's why we want to be with him as husband and wife.

I was happy for Misha; I would have gone for him myself.

- Is he handsome?

- Yes he is very handsome and we even had a moment when there was no one at
home and Karim suggested that I go into our sister's room and he wanted to
try on her clothes and that I should look at him and see if he looked good
in women's clothes or not and we went into my sister's room and Karim put
on her clothes and was such a beautiful girl that if he put makeup on
himself it would be hard to distinguish him from a girl.

It was late and we should have gone to bed, but I didn't want to get up and
have Misha hide his farm in his clothes, so I lay on his lap and looked at
his face. Misha stroked my hair and I asked him, "Misha, would you live
with me in the same way as you plan to live with Karim?

- Yes, I would live with you, you satisfy me completely and you would obey
me completely and do everything I told you, and when you drank my piss
today, I wouldn't have to run to the toilet in the morning, I would use you
instead of the toilet, especially I like to be obeyed, because I can punish
you like I punished Karim for not obeying me. We have a room at home where
my father used to punish us when we disobeyed him and he would tie us to a
pole and whip us, and then he would just leave and we could be tied to the
pole until evening, it gave us time to think about our behavior and when my
father came, we would immediately ask him for forgiveness and he would
untie us and let us go. This punishment was enough for a while and we would
do something again and he would teach us again in this way and so when
Karim did not listen to me, I took him to this room and stripped him naked
and tied him to the pole and started beating him with the whip and he
screamed and to make his screams less audible, I put his underwear in his
mouth and continued his punishment. I was careful not to damage his skin
but he must have felt the pain and I could see Karim was aroused from this
whipping and had a boner. I walked over to him and started stroking his
cock and Kareem made sounds that were like mooing and I pulled his briefs
out of his mouth to see what he was saying or making.

- Fuck me, Karim said to me and I got close to him and I hugged his body
which was red from my spanking and I started stroking him and my dick stood
up and I slid it between his legs and started imitating that I was fucking
him and Karim just floated from that high and I realized, and I realized
that he liked it when I humiliated him like that and then fucked him and I
fucked him and Karim and I tried it a few more times and the effect was the
same, so we would have a room where I would tie him up and beat him and
then I would fuck him and leave him like that for a while.

I was listening to Misha and my dick started to get hard and I remembered
Gena's words when he was thinking about who to give me to for the next time
when he would be away and he was speaking for Misha, but he didn't know
that Misha liked to boss around, but he probably wouldn't do it in the
unit, but at home he would punish me to the fullest and Misha looked at me
and said, you're probably excited about this topic too, but let's get
dressed and go to bed.

We got dressed and got out of the shower and went to the car where we got
into our sleeping bags and fell asleep.

We came with Misha to the unit and again he acted as if nothing had
happened between us. Gena again took me to the motor pool and took me into
the booth and knelt down in front of him and I sucked his cock and then he
fucked me and sat down on a chair and told me to kneel down in front of him
and hold his cock in my mouth because he wanted to piss in my mouth. I
kneel down and hold Gena's cock in my mouth, and he doesn't even think
about pissing, he just talks to me.

- Listen kid, I've decided who will be your next commander, I realize that
he doesn't have such a big cock, but he will keep you in good hands. I've
already talked to him for you, and he's even glad I trusted him with you,
let it be a surprise to you, and in two weeks you'll know who it is. I will
soon be sent for demobilization, and I want to tell you that you have been
serving with me very well and it's a pity to let you go, but home is home,
especially I'm not a homo to live with a guy, but you need it and let your
last year of service be the most memorable.

We worked with Gena until the evening, or rather I worked, and he sat next
to me and watched me work, and then we went to the barracks. I was thinking
all the way, who Gena found instead of me and for some reason I was looking
at the guys' faces and wanted to see who would be my next fuck, but all the
guys I looked at were indifferent and only when I was passing next to
Fedya, I felt bad and somehow his look was reflected in my heart and I felt
bad about it. There was something so sharp and scary in his look that I
wanted to hide behind Gena and not to see Fedya, but he was the senior in
his draft and when our grandfathers will leave, he will take the leading
place in our team and it even seemed to me that he winked at me and then
fear filled my heart and I said to myself, I'm fucked. We went into the
barracks and I went to wash up and get ready for dinner. Fedya walked by
and his hand was on my ass and I turned my head and looked at him.

- Just a few more weeks and this beautiful ass will be in my hands, he told
me and went on, and I realized who Gena had prepared for my replacement.

My mood was below the plinth and I did not know what to do now, and even if
Gena and change his mind, then when he goes on demob, Fedya will just eat
me with the guts. I was scared for my next year of service, because Fedya
could turn it into hell, especially since I know his attitude towards
me. During these two weeks Fedya was preparing the ground for me to obey
him unconditionally, and he already knew that Gena appointed him to be my
further commander, only this commander was a real monster and I will have
to learn this in the future. And Gena during these two weeks, put a fuck on
everything, because he was preparing for dismissal, and the captain did not
touch him, and he stopped going with me to the motor pool, and I was left
to myself and this time was used by Yura, because our cars were next to
each other, and he took me into his booth and put me on his knees. I didn't
want to suck him, and I wasn't in the mood, but Yura was aggressive towards
me and kicked me in the stomach. I fell down and twisted in pain, and he
came over and put his foot on my face.

- Do you hear me, you faggot, I'm nothing to you or do you think Gena will
protect you? He doesn't give a shit about you, he's already at home in his
mind, and you just feel good while he's here, but if he leaves, you'll be
fucked up, the guys are just waiting for it. Come on, get up and get to
work or I'll make a cutlet out of you, and he took his foot off my face. I
got up and started sucking his cock, and I thought to myself that there was
a moment that I wanted to make a puppet out of Yura to make him run after
me, but it turned out the other way around, now he took power over me and
my happy days were coming to an end. I sucked his cock and Yura didn't even
think of cumming he just stood there and did nothing and I shook my head on
his cock.

- Balls let's lay my balls, he ordered me and I left his cock and started
to lick his balls and take them in my mouth and I did it for a long time
until he got bored of it and he turned to me with his ass and told me to
take care of his ass and lick his asshole well. I started on his ass and I
guess he didn't wipe it well when he was shitting, or maybe he didn't do it
on purpose knowing that now I would be on my own and he would let me lick
his smelly ass, but there was no way out and I started on his ass.

- How do you like my ass? Do you like the taste, do you like the smell? But
now you're going to enjoy it, I guarantee you that and started laughing at
me and I just lick it and don't say anything to him.

- That's it, stop licking my ass and get upright, I'm going to fuck you in
the ass.

I stood up and turned my back to him, pulled down my pants, bent over and
spread my ass cheeks apart.

- Fuck what an obedient faggot, Yura said wryly to me and spit on my
asshole and inserted his cock into it. It hurt, but I tolerated it, since
now anyone who wanted to fuck me would abuse me. Yura was gaining momentum
and his cock was going in me fast. He was calling me all kinds of names and
spitting on my head, he didn't even put his hands on me now, because I was
the ugliest person he could not touch. He fucked me not long, but it hurt,
and when he poured his cum in my ass, he ordered me to lick his dick so
that it was clean and when I did it, he pushed me out of the booth like
that and I had to quickly put on my pants and clean myself up. Yura just
crushed me with his behavior towards me, and I went to my car with my head
down, sat in the cab and cried.

to be continued.

With the next part of the story will go harder, because the main theme of
my story I revealed and Nicholas will have a new owner, who himself was a
victim of sexual relations and now he can pour it all on our protagonist of
the story.

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories.
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Mon, 4 Nov 2024 10:00:00 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army part 5

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

This story is completely fictionalized and is not intended to portray any
real life characters, places, or events. Any resemblance to reality is
completely coincidental. Please note that none of the characters in this
story exist and the events that occur are purely fictional.

If you have any suggestions, you can email me: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

If this is not your thing, or you are under the age of majority, please
stop reading right now.

This story is for your personal use only.  Any other use or transfer to
another site is prohibited without the author's consent. Do not forget to
help out Nifty for their amazing and tireless work on

archiving and making available these wonderful stories that would

otherwise be unavailable for most of us to read. You can donate at

https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army chapter 5

It was Saturday when we were to go to the bathhouse in the evening. Ivan
warned me to wash slowly and as the last one, I would stay to put things in
order and so would he. We got to the bathhouse and slowly Ivan and I
undressed and when all the guys were already bathing, we were just getting
in. So many naked arseholes and dangling cocks and they are all different,
big, small, thick, medium, thin. Some have a lot of skin hanging off the
head of the cock, some just completely covered, and some had the head open
and it was beautiful too. Gena was bathing with his guys and when he saw
me, he called me over and told me to wash his back, which was good for me
because I would be later than everyone else and I slowly started to wash
his back. The other guys wanted me to wash their backs too and Gena said
that if he wanted to, he could wash them and I started to wash all the
guys' backs. How excited I got and my dick just stood there and the guys
were whispering amongst themselves and decided I should wash their dicks
and balls and asked Gena if I could wash their dicks. Gena waved his hand
and went off to wipe himself and I had to wash the guys` cocks and they
stood in a circle and hid me from the other guys' view and put me on my
knees so nobody could see what I was doing and I started washing their
cocks. Fuck, it was mesmerising when I soaped their dicks and washed them
with my hand and they started to grow in my hand and it looked like I was
jerking them off and I had to wash their balls and they made me slowly and
leisurely wash their cock, so that most of the guys just left the bathhouse
and eventually I, these guys and Ivan were left, and so that he would not
go out and do nothing, the guys brought him into the circle and he washed
their cocks and balls and when we had washed them all they left us and told
us to clean up afterwards, and that was just what we needed. We went for a
swim and before we did, we closed the door behind everyone and were left
alone. All this was our time and I pounced on Ivan and started sucking his
cock. How I missed the size of it, the taste of it and was ready to just
devour it. I sucked so greedily that Ivan couldn't hold on any longer and
cum in my mouth. As I savoured his cum and took my time swallowing it, but
time was running out and I swallowed it and went to wash up. While Ivan and
I washed up I got him aroused again and now it was my arse's turn and he
put his cock in it and started fucking me like crazy. It was a good thing
that Gena has a big and thick cock and he had enlarged my arsehole during
the week, so Ivan's cock felt very good in my arse and was flying in my
arse like an oiled piston. I moaned under him and asked him to be harder
with me, as I was getting used to sex with Gena and nothing else could
satisfy me and Ivan had to speed up and then I felt at ease and even waved
at Ivan to make him feel good.

- Ivan told me to lie on my back and raise my legs, so I lay on my back and
raised my legs and now we could look into each other's eyes and this eye
contact was so strong that Ivan let out an internal scream and started to
cum inside me. His body was shaking and he closed his eyes and drove his
cock into me with such force that I thought he would drive his balls into
me along with his cock and then his last thrust and Ivan fell on top of me
with his body and kissed me on the lips.

- This is the first time I've had such a powerful orgasm; he tells me, I'm
just shocked by it and how long have we been apart?

- Yeah, probably a fortnight, I tell him.

- Let's make a deal with you that we'll be the last ones to get to the
bathhouse and then we'll have a chance to be alone and fuck.

- Yes, it's still a long way to autumn, when Gena will be discharged, and
then we can be together until the demob.

Ivan and I washed everything, collected dirty clothes and took them to the
laundry and then went to the barracks.

 - What took you so long to clean up, Gena asked me.

- I can't do it any faster, you know how much work it is.

- Forget it, just give me a massage.

I sat on Gena's arse and started to massage him. He was lying on his
stomach and I was sitting on his arse. After about 20 minutes, he turned
over so that I could start massaging his chest, and his cock was already
standing up and peeking out of his pants, so I moved closer to his cock so
that I could touch it with my hands and started massaging his chest. Gena
was very much aroused as I did not leave his cock without attention and
jerked it and Gena quietly said to me, you are a slut, I will make you feed
on my cock at night and you will take it completely in your mouth, and I
smiled at him and Gena understood that I wanted it. After lights out he
took me to a separate room and put me on my knees and I started sucking his
cock and Gena started to shove his full length in again. It was hard for me
to take his long cock in my mouth and it began to dawn on me that I needed
to learn not to resist it but to relax my throat and let his cock just go
down my throat and not panic and I became much better at taking his cock
full length and not burping.

- Well elephant, I see you are learning and not badly, Gena said to me as
he shoved his cock down my throat, and now stand upright, I'm going to fuck
you in the arse.

I stood up straight and spread my buns apart and Gena lubricated his cock
and inserted it into my hole and started fucking me. I still felt pain, as
Ivan had fucked me in the bathhouse today, but I was already taking his
cock easier and so I could tolerate the pain. Gena fucked me with the full
length of his cock to give himself immense pleasure, because then his head
opened up from the excess skin and it excited him a lot and so he could cum
faster. He did that when he needed to cum fast and he cum in my arse, I
licked his cock and we went to bed. We got up at 6am, we jumped out for
exercise and went for a run. On the second lap I wanted to shit, so I told
Ivan I wanted to shit.

- So run into the bushes and shit.

- What will the boys think, I asked Ivan.

- What will they think if you shit? And then it'll be even worse than you
running into the bushes.

I didn't think much, because I really wanted to shit, so I ran into the
bushes. Some of the guys shouted, Nikolai is a faggot, he's shitting
already, and some of the guys started laughing, but I didn't care about
jokes, so I ran into the bushes and quickly pulled down my trousers. It was
such a nice relief after that, but there was no paper, so I picked some
leaves and wiped my arse with them and ran further. I caught up with the
guys and they shouted at me, `How's the faggot, did you get relief?

- Fuck you all, I answered them, and Fedya tripped me, and I flew down with
all my speed, and they started laughing and told me to look under my feet,
or inadvertently you can and jump on the dick. I got up and ran further,
and Fedya ran next to me and said, if you send us all again, we'll give you
a dark one, you'll remember for a long time faggot and ran further. Our
exercise was over and we went to the barracks. I made Gena's bed and mine
and went to wash up. I stood next to Yura and washed up. Fedya comes in and
comes up behind me and puts his hands on my hips and pulls my arse to his
cock and presses my ass hard against him and says, `Oh, how good she is,
you only have to fuck her,' and all the guys laugh again, and I blushed,
and Fedya says, `Live for now, Kolya,' and left me. I didn't say anything
to him, because there wasn't even Ivan here to stand up for me, not to
mention Gena, because grandfathers don't go for exercise and they were
already in the canteen having breakfast. After breakfast, the company
commander built us up and gave us all a task. Today I will work with Yura,
and so that Gena was not himself, Ivan will work with him. Yura and I went
to our place of work and worked. Yura was handsome and well built
physically. The veins on his arms stood out well and I liked that. We
didn't often wash each other in the bathhouse, but I knew what kind of cock
he had and his round ass was so cute that I was ready to stick my cock in
it and fuck him good and here we were working and I was looking at him and
my excitement was rising and I realised that I had to unload myself
otherwise I couldn't stand it and cum in my trousers and I told him that I
had to go to the toilet. The toilet wasn't far away and it was shared and I
went in there and went to the far hole, squatted down and started jerking
my cock to relieve the tension and I introduced Yura and his round arse in
front of me and imagined how I put my cock in his arse and started fucking
him and I was so dreamy that I closed my eyes to make the image clearer and
didn't hear Yura go into the toilet.

And Yura came in because I had been away for a long time and he came in to
check on me and saw me sitting on the toilet jerking my cock.

- Hey faggot stop jerking off, Yura said and his voice brought me out of my
trance and I open my eyes and see him standing across from me looking at my
cock. I didn't know what to say and I just sit there stupidly looking at
him.

- Tell me Kolya, are you really a homo or is Fedya playing a joke on you?

I had nothing to say, because I didn't know if Fedya really knew for me or
guessed or maybe he was just joking, but I wanted to check for myself, what
if it was true, and guys in the army all want sex and all jerk off, because
they have no other option and Fedya was looking for it and by such actions
wanted to determine who I really was and I told Yura that I was not a fag
and wanted to get up from the push, but Yura told me to sit on it and came
close to me.

- Wank my dick, Yura told me and pulled it out of his trousers.

His cock was very close to my face and I could smell it and it turned me on
and I reached out my hand to his cock and took it. It was so warm, meaty,
clearly pronounced veins on it and it tempted me so much that I wanted to
open my mouth and start sucking it, but I refrained and started jerking it
off. The cock in my hand quickly filled with its power and became hard. The
veins started to stand out even more, and his head became so big and red
that I could hardly restrain myself from sucking it. Yura closed his eyes
and gave in to his excitement and at some point, he said, fuck, it would be
great if you sucked my dick and opened his eyes and looked at me.

- No Yura, I'm not doing that.

- Too bad, it would be nice and I wouldn't tell anyone for you.

- How you are all the same, one and the same speech, like a copycat answer,
I said to him and Yura stared at me and said, what? And then I realised
that I had said too much and wanted to correct the situation somehow, but
Yura came close to me and his cock was on a par with my lips.

- Kolya, open your mouth, Yura said to me.

I shook my head left and right and started to get up.

- Ah well sat down quickly in his seat and put his hands on my shoulders
and pressed me down so I wouldn't get up.

I told you that no one will know, go ahead and suck my dick and started to
press my lips with his cock. I opened my mouth and Yura quickly shoved it
into me before I changed my mind and put his hands on my head. Well, Kolya
it's only a little bit left and I'll cum, he told me and I started sucking
him. Yura cummed quickly and his cum filled my mouth. There was a lot of
it, and it was tart and thick, maybe because he didn't jerk off often, and
he hadn't had sex with anyone. Yura pulled his cock out of my mouth and
stepped away from me, giving me room to get up and get dressed, and we left
the toilet together. I was now even more afraid of my position and didn't
know how to behave, but Yura started to talk to me as if we had nothing and
that relieved my tension and I started to talk to him calmly too. Yura
turned out to be a normal guy and he never had any desire to be with a guy,
but circumstances forced him and he decided that it was possible to have an
offload with me and he liked the way I gave him a blowjob. We spent the
whole day together and at the end of the day he suggested I go to the loo
again and that I give him a blow job. We went to the loo; I sat on the
toilet and took off my trousers like I was taking a shit in case someone
came in and Yura just unzipped his fly and took out his cock and I started
sucking it. Fuck, Yura was floating along and just kept saying, fuck, you
suck so well, no one has ever done that to me, how about I fuck you in the
arse, Kolya?

I didn't say anything to him, as my mouth was busy, and I didn't want to
tell him and tried to suck him off as quickly as possible to get him off my
back and Yura started cumming in my mouth. I swallowed his cum and when he
finished shooting it into my mouth, we heard footsteps and Yura quickly
moved away from me and at that moment an Uzbek entered.

- How long have you been here, the Uzbek said to us. I've been watching you
and you've been here twice and you could have taken a shit ten times, so
what have you been doing here?

- You're a strange Uzbek, what do you do in a toilet?

I looked at Yura and he's all red and a bit scared.

- Well, you guys, don't let someone else catch you.

- What are you implying, Yura asked him, I don't understand something?

- Look at Kolya, his lips are all wet, and you were standing next to him.

- Listen, Uzbek, I'll beat your brains out.

- You can beat your brains out, but I think Kolya was sucking your cock,
that's why his lips were wet, he didn't have time to wipe them off when I
came in and you're telling me that you didn't have anything here. I timed
it, the first time you were 20 minutes and now it took you 30 minutes and
you're telling me you've been shitting the whole time?

Yura started to get angry and I realised that there was going to be a fight
and I got up, put on my trousers to help Yura in this fight with the Uzbek,
but the Uzbek laughed and said, look Yura, Kolya took a shit, put on his
trousers and didn't even bother to wipe his arse and you guys say nothing
happened between you, don't make me look like an idiot.

Yura lost his temper and there was a scuffle between them and I squeezed in
and started to separate them and got a blow from the Uzbek with my fist and
I got sparks from my eyes, and they were already waving their fists and
Yura knocked the Uzbek down and he fell on the floor and started asking
Yura not to hit him anymore. Yura stopped and looked at the Uzbek, who was
lying on the floor of the toilet with his hands covering his face.

- If I hear you spouting any bullshit about us, I'll kill you here, do you
understand me, Yura asked the Uzbek.

- I understand, I didn't see anything.

- That's good, Yura said and left the toilet.

I followed him, we collected the tools and went to the barracks. In the
barracks I found Ivan and we had some privacy and I told him what happened
today and how I sucked Yura's cock and how we almost got caught by an Uzbek
and had a fight. Ivan was just excited by my story and I could see the
bulge on his trousers and I asked him, do you want to relax?

- Very much I do, but now the captain has something to tell us and we are
waiting for everyone to come back from their backsides too.

About 15 minutes later when everyone came back, the captain gathered us all
together and said that tomorrow we will have a drill and our job is to know
who will be with whom and what task you should perform. He assigned us all
to our grandfathers because he knew they would not do anything themselves
and so the responsibility fell on our young conscripts. We had dinner and
had some free time. Gena was not in the company, and Ivan and I were
quietly secluded from everyone, and I sucked his cock. I liked Ivan the
most, so I always gave him a blowjob with pleasure, and if he had the
opportunity to fuck me, then for me it was a holiday. I also shaved my arse
all the time because Gena wanted to see it without hair, especially my hole
and when Ivan touched my arse, he admired it for being so smooth like a
girl's. I sucked Ivan's dick and was covered with a blanket and Ivan looked
around to warn me in time, but all the guys were busy doing their own
things and there was no one in the barracks. I licked Ivan's balls, sucked
his cock and Ivan told me to get ready and I knew that he was about to cum
and I had to be careful that his cum didn't get all over everything and
that's why his head was always in my mouth at such moments. Ivan's hands
rested on my head and the cum hit my mouth. He restrained himself from
making a noise and I swallowed it quickly so nothing would spill out of my
mouth. He finished shooting cum and I went over his head one more time and
licked it thoroughly and climbed out from under the blanket. My whole face
was red and I lay there and came. Ivan got up and left, and I thought about
today's incident in the toilet and realised that Misha (that's what the
Uzbek said we should call him) had got it right and didn't bother me,
although on the other hand Yura had made him understand that if the Uzbek
talked a lot with his tongue he would kill him, but that was if it was
about Yura, and if it was only about me, then what could I expect from
him. So, what I have for today. One, there's Gena, who has me and won't say
anything to anyone and won't let anyone hurt me. Can I rely on him if the
Uzbek jumps on me? In principle, yes, but I need to find out from him what
he thinks about this? Secondly, it was Ivan, who would tear everyone's
mouth for me, and thirdly, it was Yura, who was afraid only for himself,
which meant I couldn't rely on him, and at the moment I could only rely on
Ivan, so we should talk to Ivan about the Uzbek, although I would like to
suck him off, will he keep his mouth closed. While I was thinking about it,
the time was getting close to bedtime, and the guys went to the barracks
and got ready for bed. Gena did not touch me, because at night they can
explain the alarm and we need to fulfil our duties quickly, so we went to
bed.

to be continued.

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Fri, 1 Nov 2024 08:00:00 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 4 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me
at: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to Nifty.
https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 4 chapter

At 8 am Igor and I woke up, cleaned up and went to the canteen. After
breakfast Igor packed his things and went to the checkpoint by 9am. I saw
him off and just before we had to part completely, he looked at me and
said, I gave you to Gena, so you won't be alone, he promised me not to tell
anyone about you, so you'll be in good hands. I knew Gena, he didn't like
me and at the initiation he hit me on the arse twice with a belt. I looked
at Igor and tears came to my eyes, and he told me not to cry, as it was
hard for him to part with me too. At that time Gena came to us, said
goodbye to Igor and took me away, and we went with him to the barracks.

- Don't be afraid of me, I gave Igor my word that I won't tell anyone for
you, but I'll tell you now and you remember that, I'll fuck you to the
full, so I don't advise you to fight, but to obey me and then you'll be
fine. Gena is about 160 cm, but well-built and the guys of his draft
respect him and are a little afraid of him, as they have had clashes and he
beat everyone badly. We went into the company, got our orders and went to
work. I was working, and Gena was sitting, smoking and looking at me as I
was working.

- So, Elephant, come with me to the booth, I want to have some fun.

We went into the booth, Gena closed the door and started unbuttoning his
trousers.

I went over to him as I knew what he wanted from me and knelt down and Gena
pulled out his cock. Fuck, it wasn't a cock, it was a big, fat sausage. My
eyes got round and big at what I saw and I thought my arsehole was going to
be fucked when he went in there.

- What's scary, Gena asked me.

- To be honest, yes.

- I think Igor has developed your arsehole well, so mine will go in too,
and in time your arsehole will adjust to my cock, now suck it.

I opened my mouth and started sucking this giant cock, which had grown in
size and Gena was pushing it down my throat, but I wasn't used to this size
yet and I had a gag reflex, but Gena was still pushing his cock and said
that he would teach me to take his cock fully in my mouth so that it would
go down my throat and I would learn to take it without gag reflexes. My
face was red and drooling and Gena was pounding my mouth and after probably
about 15 minutes he cummed in my mouth. Gena pulled his giant out of my
mouth and told me to clean him up. I licked him to keep him out of my
saliva and then he put his trousers on and he and I walked out of the
booth. He poured water on my hands to wash myself and told me to get on
with my work, and he sat aside again and watched me. Gena never called me
by my first name, only `elephant' by my term of service. After a while he
called me over and started talking to me.

- Listen elephant, tell me about yourself, who are you, what are you and
how long have you been in this subject?

I started to tell him for me, who I am and what I've been doing and how I
came to be seated on this topic.

- So, you liked it, I see, and you like to fuck in the arse, and you're not
afraid I'll tear it up for you? And he's looking at me and he's waiting for
me to answer.

- It's scary, but I'll probably have to live with it in my arse.

- Not only will you have to, but you'll always be sitting on my dick and
chasing me to fuck you.

We were sitting talking and Gena wanted to piss and right there on the spot
as he was sitting, he unzipped his fly and took out his python and started
to piss. I watched the piss pouring off him and was just mesmerised by the
beauty of it. Gena looked at me and stopped pissing.

- I take it you like piss, elephant?

- I don't know, it's just funny how you piss.

- Maybe you want to taste it? I don't mind, you can take my dick in your
mouth, I left some of my urine for you.

I was in no hurry for Gena to start pissing in my mouth because although it
was sexy to look at him, I didn't want to drink the piss, so Gena waved his
finger at me and pointed to his cock that was sticking out of his trousers.

I didn't move and Gena looked at me more aggressively and said: `Do you
hear me, elephant, quickly take my cock in your mouth or do you want me to
piss on you?

I was scared of him so I got down in front of him and took his cock in my
mouth.

- So, elephant, don't let a single drop fall to the ground or I'll make you
eat it, is that understood? And his piss flowed into my mouth. I tried to
drink it quickly, although it was disgusting for me, but the fear that Gena
will make me eat the ground where his urine spilled, I also did not want
to.

- Well, you see there is nothing wrong with it, Gena said to me as I drank
his piss and you are not bad at it and in time you will get used to it too
and he looked at me and stroked my hair. Gena finished pissing in my mouth
and hid his cock and I sat down next to him and at this point the captain
comes over and asks for the car if it's ready to go and Gena said yes.

- So, Gena, you take Nikolai, load up at the warehouse and go to the
division, you'll pick up the waybill at the checkpoint. Any questions?

- No, Comrade Captain, Gena replied, and we got into the car and drove to
the warehouse. We were loaded with equipment, and off we went. At the
checkpoint, we took a travelling ticket and set off. We drove for a long
time through a wooded area and arrived at the point where we should be
unloaded. Let me tell you right away that there were 4 other points within
50 km radius and we served them. There were few soldiers there, well maybe
up to 100 people. We put the car under unloading and went to the canteen to
eat, and in the evening, we stayed in the car. We were not interested in
what was going on at this point and none of the officers molested us and we
slept in our car because we had our own sleeping bags. We locked ourselves
in the car and Gena lay down in his sleeping bag and waved his finger at me
and pointed at his cock and I took off his trousers without any further ado
and started sucking his cock. Gena didn't try to shove it down my throat
this time, he wanted to fuck me and so I just sucked as much as I could get
into my mouth. Gena's cock was stiff and I asked him for its length.

- I'll fuck you first and then we'll talk. Let's get you on your knees.

I took off my trousers and got down.

- Open your buns, Gena told me, and when I opened them, he spat on his cock
and started shoving it up my arse. It was fucking hard and I started
howling under him.

- So, fuck, shut your mouth and so I don't hear any extra noises from you
and continued shoving his cock into me. The pain is unbelievable and I try
not to scream, but the tears are flowing on their own and Gena shoved his
dick fully into me and stopped.

- You are an elephant and you have to bear all the hardships of military
service with dignity, so get used to my size.

 The pain slowly began to subside and Gena began slow movements of his cock
in me. He took his time, but held me tightly in his arms. He was developing
my point, which was adjusting to his size. Gradually the movements of his
cock became long, but not fast, and I did not react so strongly to the
pain, and Gena did not try to tear my point.

- Well, elephant, how do you feel?

- It's a little easier.

- Soon my dick will be just flying into your asshole, and the length of my
cock is 24 cm, and the thickness is 6,8 cm, so you will have a healthy
hole.

Fuck, I thought, and as it came in me. And really, after his big and thick
cock, I could shit myself when I exercise, because my arse might not close,
I thought. I had the most negative thoughts, but Gena fucked me calmly and
leisurely and seemed to enjoy it.

- You elephant should thank Igor that he gave you to me, otherwise the guys
found out about you and you would be fucked, but I won't let you in
offence, because I promised Igor, but you should do everything that I will
tell you.

- All right, Gena, I'll do everything for you.

- That's a decent answer and don't ever forget that you agreed to do
everything for me.

Gena was fucking me and talking to me and I guess it didn't stop him from
enjoying himself, but I started to get tired of standing up and my legs
started to wobble.

- You're not strong, I've only been fucking you for half an hour and you're
already falling over, what are you going to do if I fuck you for an hour? I
can fuck you for a long time and not come.

It was a shock to me, but Gena was ahead of my thoughts and said that he
would cum quickly the first time, but later he would fuck me for a long
time and you would get used to it.

Gena had a big foreskin on his cock and the head of his penis could not
even open and thus he had not much sensitivity, which is why he could fuck
for hours and not cum. He could also think about something quietly at that
moment, which also kept him from cumming and so he regulated how long his
sex could last, but now he made an effort to cum in my arse, as my arse was
not yet developed for long sex with him, but Gena would fix that and would
fuck me as long as he didn't get bored. His cock came out of me and I knelt
down and started to clean up his cock.

- In general elephant, you are not badly trained by Igor, but for my
services you still need to learn, and now let's go to bed and it's already
late.

We went to bed, but what Gena told me scared me. If we had fucked for 40
minutes now and it wasn't enough for him, how much did it take for him to
be satisfied? My head was a mess and I couldn't put all this information
together to understand what was ahead of me with him, but I also wanted to
be with Ivan, who I couldn't be with anymore because of Gena, who had me
entangled like a spider on all sides and I wasn't out of his sight.

In the morning we woke up, washed up and went to breakfast. We had some
free time till evening, as we were unloaded, but the other equipment had
not been delivered yet, so that we could take it to the unit, and the day
was nice and warm and Gena took me to a pond, which was not far from
here. The place was beautiful, but as it was far away from crowded places,
there was never anyone here and Gena knew it, so we bathed naked and then
lay in the sun and warmed ourselves.

- Elephant, suck my dick, Gena said to me, and I fit myself in his legs and
started sucking. Here Gena mocked me a lot and pushed my head on his cock,
and I could not take its length and absorb it, and I was jumping, choking
on his cock, but he was not unsteady and taught me to take his cock in its
entirety. The saliva of the body from me and I was afraid to suffocate, and
Gena pushed and pushed his boa in my mouth and after half an hour he let me
rest and himself went for a swim. I lay on the ground and came to my
senses, when my breathing was equalised Gena beckoned me into the water and
we swam with him and came ashore.

- Elephant, choose what you want now, do you want me to fuck you in the
mouth or in the arse?

I thought that if he was going to torture me that much longer, I'd rather
let him fuck me in the arse and I told him my decision.

- Then lie on your stomach and spread your buns.

I lay down, spread my buns apart and Gena lay on top of me and started
shoving his cock into me. It was easier after last night's banging, but it
still hurt and when Gena had his cock all the way in me, he put his hands
across my breasts and held me tight.

- Shall we go fast or slow, he asked me and I said slow.

- Well that's natural and I knew you would say that, so I'm going to fuck
you slowly for the first five minutes and then as I see fit. And he really
fucked me slowly for the first five minutes and then he picked up such a
pace and speed that I just couldn't stand it and started screaming under
him and Gena brought his hand to my face and started tearing my jaw with
it. It really hurt and he told me that if I didn't shut up he was going to
rip it all to hell and I had to hold back even though his speed was really
hurting me. Gena lay on top of me and held me very tightly in his arms and
only his cock was going up and down in my point and then he put his hand in
my mouth and started pushing it down my throat and it triggered a gag
reflex but Gena didn't care, he was teaching me his tactics and I had to
learn how to service him. At this pace he fucked me for 50 minutes and
didn't even think of cumming. His hand was in my mouth and the only thing I
did was burp. My strength was running out, I was tired of his cock bouncing
around in me and his hand in my mouth. Gena stopped and just lay on top of
me. I was breathing heavily. His cock was very hard and I knew this was not
the end of my torment.

- Remember elephant, I will still achieve my goal in you and my cock will
be in your stomach and your ass will get used to the hardness, so accept
your fate and start taking me in you otherwise I will bring you pain.

I was lying under Gena and realised that he would get his way, only how
much more pain he would bring me to be the way he wanted. About twenty
minutes passed and Gena didn't even get off me and his cock didn't even
drop and he started having hard sex with me again. He was moving his pelvis
so hard and fast that his cock was like a piston in an engine cylinder and
I was crying under him. I remembered Igor, who had handed me over to him
and with whom I felt good and even Ruslan, who had gotten me hooked, wasn't
as hard on me as Gena was. And Gena was like a perpetual motion machine and
he had so much energy that nobody could compare to him and he hadn't cum
yet and I was at my limit and Gena took mercy on me and cum in my arse.

- Tell me thank you that I decided to pardon you today, Gena told me, but
it's not enough for me and I want you to be more patient and be able to
take my dick in your arse easily.

- Thank you, Gena, you were kind to me and took pity on me, I am very
grateful to you for that.

We were lying on the ground. Gena's cock was in my arse and it felt good
that it was filling me and was in no hurry to come out. I was warmed by his
body and I relaxed under him and closed my eyes and started to switch off
and Gena, who was lying on top of me, switched off too. How long we lay
like that I don't know, but Gena didn't want to get off me, but he wanted
to piss and he started pissing my arse without any warning. I was pleased
with the warmth of his piss, which filled my stomach and I thanked him for
that and we lay like that for about twenty more minutes and then he got up
and when his dick came out of my arse, that's when I felt that the fullness
that Gena told me about, was empty and I felt so bad that I wanted Gena to
put his cock in me again, even if he fucked me and I felt pain, but the
emptiness was even more painful and I asked him to put his cock in me
again.

- Elephant, you go empty my piss and then we'll see, but we have to get to
the unit it's lunch time, let's get cleaned up quickly.

I got up and moved aside and squatted down to get out everything in my
bowels and all the shit poured out of me, emptying me. Then I got in the
water and washed my arse and we went to the unit. Lunch time was coming to
an end and we ate in time to eat and went to the car and lay down to rest,
and two hours later we were lifted and loaded with equipment and drove to
our unit.

- How do you feel, Gena asked me on the way, when we were going to the
unit.

- My arse hurts a lot and I'm very tired, I want to sleep.

- It's nothing, kid, it's like exercise, it's hard at first, but then you
get into it.

I was pleased that Gena called me Maloy and not elephant and I turned to
him and smiled. Gena looked at me and smiled at me too and ruffled my hair.

- You're not doing badly little boy and that's why I won't fuck you in the
arse today, but you will suck my cock.

We arrived at the unit, parked the car and went to the company. On the way
I saw Ivan and his eyes were so greedy that I felt uncomfortable and turned
away from him and he called me and I asked Gena if I could talk to Ivan.

- You have five minutes.

I went over to Ivan.

- How are you, he asked me.

- Fine, and you?

- I'm fine. You don't even have any free time, do you?

- It's sad, because I want to be with you, but I don't know how to do it,
and Gena won't let me go anywhere.

- Does he know for you?

- He knows, because Igor gave me to him, but he promised not to tell anyone
if I listen to him in everything.

Ivan looked at me, and I saw in his eyes both passion for me and regret.

- I'll think of something, Ivan told me, I want you too.

We shook hands and went in our own direction. I caught up with Gena and
went with him. We entered the barracks and it was still an hour before
dinner and Gena gave me his trousers to wash, and he sat on the bed, took
out his phone and watched something. I went to wash his trousers and the
grandfathers, seeing me, started laughing at me and offering me their
trousers to wash them too. I silently walked among them and started washing
them. There was no one in the bathroom and I got distracted and started
thinking about how Gena and I had spent our time on the point. I saw his
huge cock entering my arse and tearing my point, his body lying on top of
me, his breath near my ear, his hands tearing my jaw and it all made me
sexually desirous and I wanted Gena to fuck me some more, but he said that
today I would only suck his cock and a moan came out of me and at that time
Ivan came in and smiled at me. He was so charming that I wanted him and he,
seeing my state of mind, came up behind me and put his arms around me and
started fucking me.

- Maybe you can get your cock out while no one is around and fuck me for
real, I told him, and he pulls down my trousers and takes out his cock and
spits on it and puts it in me and starts fucking me fast. He and I are like
crazy at this point as anyone could come and see us, but the passion is so
strong that we don't think about the consequences and Ivan fucks me and I
bend over and just go off. Ivan cum quickly, hid his cock and pulled my
trousers over me, kissed me and left. I'm like in a dream and I don't
believe that now he was fucking me, but the pain in my arse speaks for
itself and my heart starts beating very hard inside me and fear fills my
heart, that if someone had entered at that moment, we would both be fucked,
but everything went well and a smile appears on my face and I can't contain
myself from laughing and laughing so loudly that the grandfathers come in
and say, are you crazy Nikolai?

And I realise that I need to stop, but I can't and when Gena came, he put
me in my place immediately, with just one voice.

- Hey elephant, stop laughing, have you washed my trousers? And having
learnt from me that I have washed them, he tells me to fuck off and my
laughter disappears and I go to the barracks. After dinner we have free
time and I give Gena a massage. His python starts to grow and comes out of
his trousers and the head of his cock is so tempting that I can't stand it
and bend down to lick it and Gena slaps me in the face and tells me not to
do it again. When we went to bed, Gena tells me to start sucking his dick,
and I suck his dick for a long time until he cums in my mouth, and then we
fall asleep.

to be continued.

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free
stories. https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Wed, 30 Oct 2024 14:25:20 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 3 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me at:
Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 3 chapter

We were brought to the railway station and put on a train. The whole
carriage was made up of conscripts, and we travelled for three days,
because often our train was just standing somewhere in a dead end and other
trains passed by, and we travelled at night, so as not to disturb anyone
with our movement. We started to get acquainted, because there was nothing
to do during the day anyway, and we sat playing cards, chess, or just
reading something or watching something on the phone. I got acquainted with
two guys, who seemed good to me, but we didn't know exactly whether we
would serve together, because we were sent not to one unit, but to many
departments, which were in a common regiment. One guy's name was Ivan and
the other Sasha. Ivan was tall, strong in shoulders and himself from the
village, so he was not afraid of the load, and Sasha was about my height
and himself from the city. Ivan had two sisters younger than him, and Sasha
grew up on his own, and I liked Ivan better, so we got along. Nothing
unusual happened during the trip and in the evening, we arrived at our
destination. It was late autumn and very cold. When we came out of the
station, there was a lorry waiting for us and we got into it and were taken
to the unit. From the railway station we drove about an hour and the
terrain became more and more wooded. We got off the main road and were
travelling through the forest and we didn't know where we were because we
weren't told where we were going. We arrived at the unit and we were taken
into some building and the officer on duty started calling our names and
separating us into groups. Ivan and I got into one group, and Sasha into
another, and when everyone was distributed, there were 30 of us in the
group, and we stayed to serve here, while other groups went to other
divisions. The first thing we were all checked for lice at once, and who
was not cut bald, they cut his hair, and then we were taken to the bath and
again I became nervous and Ivan came with me and said something to me, but
I did not listen to him, as I was busy with my problem and he asked me what
was wrong with me?

- I've never bathed in a common bath and that's why I'm afraid, I lied to
him.

- Don't be afraid, I know what it is and I will help you to wash.

We went into the bathhouse and the foreman told us to strip naked and leave
our things here and go and wash.

Everything, in me panic, and the guys started to undress, and I could
already see their naked arses and dicks hanging between their legs, and
Ivan said to me, Kolya, why don't you undress, are you embarrassed or what?

- Yeah, see, I fucked this girl before I shipped out and she had crotch
lice and I had to shave it all off.

- It's no big deal, I've had it too, so get undressed and let's go.

 I decided to quickly pull down my trousers and panties in one jerk, so
that it wouldn't be so noticeable and I did it, but Ivan was standing close
to me and I guess he noticed the woman's panties on me, and I saw his grin.

We went into the bathhouse, got a basin each, filled it with water and went
to wash. Only a few guys noticed that I was shaved and some of them even
slapped my bottom with their hand, saying that I looked nice. We bathed
with Ivan and he asked me to wash his back, so I took soap and a flannel
and started washing his back. While I was washing his back my dick got hard
and it was so embarrassing that Ivan told me to turn round to him now and
he would wash my back and bent me forward. He was washing not only my back
but also my arse and his hands were in my crotch and my cock was standing
up wildly, but Ivan was also pressing his cock against my arse and his cock
started to rise. I peeked at his cock and it was as big as he was and as
thick. He was heavily overgrown, like you disappeared into a thicket and
his hair went from his legs and down and his chest was almost clean, only a
small hairline went from his navel and his cock and everything was covered
in hair there. We were swimming and it took me a lot of effort to get my
dick down and when Ivan and I came out, all the boys were already dressed
in new military clothes and we were given some too. And since we were the
last ones out, the foreman left us to clean up the bathhouse, wash
everything, collect all the things and take them to the cloakroom, maybe
some of the boys would want to send their things home. We cleaned up,
washed everything and went to the barracks. On the way Ivan asked me, `Is
it nice to wear women's knickers, Kolya?

- It just happened; I told him.

- Well, yes, panties, mandavos, shaved everywhere and a smooth arse, can
you explain the real reason for all this or I have understood everything
correctly for you?

I kept silent, because I didn't know what to say, and there was no point in
justifying myself, Ivan understood everything without words.

- If you don't say anything, let's do it this way, we'll go to the barracks
and you'll sleep with me, I'll choose a place for us, and you don't disturb
me. We came to the barracks, and the boys were getting ready for dinner and
waiting for us. Ivan quickly looked round the barracks with his eyes and
determined the place and came up to him and told the boys that he would
take this place for himself and me. Some of them started to resent him, and
Ivan looked at them, and he was a whole head taller than everyone else and
broad in the shoulders, and everyone kept silent, and we went to eat. The
food, of course, was a little better than we had been fed at the enlistment
office, and we went to the barracks. The petty officer built us up, told us
the daily routine and chose Ivan to be the senior among us. We had some
free time before lights-out, and Ivan and I collapsed on our beds and
chatted. He immediately made me realise that it would be better for me if I
listened to him, and that I didn't have to worry about my problem, no one
would know. At 10pm we had our bedtime and everyone went to their beds and
the lights went out. Ivan quietly told me to turn towards him and put my
hands on his groin. Of our underclothes, we had no knickers, only colsons
and my hands stroked his household. I will say at once that his balls are
big and probably very big and if I wanted to take them in my mouth, I would
have to take them one by one, as two balls at once would not enter my
mouth. His cock was big, I couldn't tell the length by touch, but if I
looked at it, I could tell its size, but there was no doubt that it was
thick.

Ivan took off his underpants and I was jerking his cock with one hand and
playing with his testicles with the other. We looked into each other's eyes
and I could see that Ivan liked my work and before he cummed he told me to
get under the blanket and take his cock in my mouth. I got under the
blanket and took his cock in my mouth and I realised that it would not be
easy to suck a cock like that and it would take practice, but I sucked as
hard as I could and Ivan cummed in my mouth. There was a lot of cum and I
had to swallow it very quickly to avoid spilling it on the sheets, after
that we fell asleep. At 5am Ivan woke up because he was used to getting up
early in the village and woke me up to give him a blowjob. I got under the
covers and started sucking his cock, but it was very hot and Ivan lifted
the blanket a little so I wouldn't suffocate, while he was looking around
so that we don't get caught. He cum as much as he had the night before and
told me to lie on my side with my back to him and when I lay down, he gave
me his finger to suck on and then he stuck it up my arse and started
fucking me with it. After a while his dick started to rise again and he
moistened it with his saliva and started shoving it up my arse. It was
painful and I grimaced and pressed my face against the pillow to keep from
screaming, and Ivan told me to be patient, it would be okay. He shoved his
cock up my arse and stopped to let my ass get used to his size and started
fucking me. The pain started to go away and the only thing I was thinking
about was not to get caught, but the guys were all asleep and it would be
about 20 minutes before we got up. Ivan was gaining momentum and his
actions were becoming noisy. His lips were on my neck and so he held back
his scream so as not to give us up and after ten minutes he cum in my arse
and told me to go to the toilet and wash up quickly as there would be a
rise and I would then walk around with a dirty arse. I got up, went to the
toilet and quickly washed my face when I heard the person on duty shout:
`Get up!' and everyone started to get up. Toilet, wash and line up for
exercise and we ran. I had never run so much before and started to choke,
and the guys behind me were encouraging me to make an effort, and I already
thought that I was about to collapse somewhere and I would be dead, but I
still ran. Behind me the guys were talking about how it's easy to spot a
faggot when he's exerting himself, because his bollocks are fucked up and
can't hold his shit, and I was scared that they'd spot me and I'd be fucked
and I wanted to shit so badly, but it was the last lap and the sergeant
stopped us and took us to the training ground where we did exercises. Then
we washed up, made our beds and went to the mess hall for breakfast. And
our studies began, where we learnt the charter, learned to disassemble and
assemble the machine gun, clean it, shoot, went to the canteen and cleaned
a tub of potatoes, washed dishes and did all sorts of nonsense, so that we
had no free time and by 10 pm we were tired and just went to bed. At 5am
Ivan woke me up again and I got under the blanket again and sucked him and
then he turned me on my side and fucked me in the arse and I quickly got up
again before rising and went to wash up and the morning started again what
it was yesterday and only before bedtime, we had two hours of free time and
did our business.

- Ivan, I started to tell him, is it true that those who fuck in the arse
can shit themselves with exertion?

- Where did you hear that?

- Guys used to say that when we were running.

- I don't know, there might be a place for it, but are you afraid you might
shit yourself?

- Yeah, and then what happens to me?

- How long have you been on this thing, anyway?

- I've been in the army for a week.

- Why don't you tell me how that happened?

- Maybe I will, but not now, you better answer my question, yes or no.

- I don't think you're in danger of it yet, and then you'll get used to the
strain, it's just that your body hurts when you exercise.

And we were chatting and some other guys came up to us and our
communication was already in another direction and somehow, we had an
argument that not always a tall and broad-shouldered guy is strong and we
decided to fight and one guy started to fight with Ivan. He was a bit
smaller than him and a bit wiry, that Ivan could not grab him so easily and
take him down and even once he took Ivan down and it was so unexpected that
Ivan's head got under his groin and the guys shouted, come on Yura, fuck
him in the mouth and started laughing, but Ivan broke free and broke Yura
and put him on his shoulder blades and sat on top of him.

- So, who should I fuck in my mouth, said Ivan.

- Let me go, said Yura, you won, but Ivan did not hurry to get off him, but
asked everyone if anyone else wanted to fight with me, but there was no
one, and Ivan got up from Yura and gave him a hand to lift him up and after
that they became good friends.

We had been in the training centre for a month and during that time my body
got used to the strain and I felt better. There were no special adventures,
but before we had to go to the unit after the training, we had to drive 500
kilometres by car, and it was already December and it was snowing. We had
one Uzbek in the company, who had got his driving licence in a strange way,
and each of us was assigned an old serviceman, so to speak grandfathers,
who prepared us for this march. I got a good grandfather, though he
punished me, but he didn't give me any offence, and we quickly prepared the
car and he liked me as a driver and often took me to the motor park, and we
spent a lot of time there. I told him a lot of things about my life, but I
didn't tell him that I was queer, but I guess there's something about us
that people notice what we try to hide. We were working with him one day
and a colleague came up to him and they went off to the side, and they were
talking about something and I was looking at them at it seemed like a long
time, so then he came up to me and said, we're going to go away for a while
and he gave me a task to do and don't look at me like that, he said and
they left. I do what my grandfather told me to do and after two or three
hours he came in cheerfully and I had something inside me that I knew
something bad was about to happen.

- So, spirit, did you do what I told you?

- Yes, I did.

- Let's go inside and see if it's exactly as I told you or you got
something wrong.

We had a ZIL 131 specialized vehicle, with a booth where there was
equipment to do any work in the field, and when we got inside, he closed
the door from the inside and told me to get close to him.

- Do you like blokes? And looking at me so intently that I was even
embarrassed by his question.

- I'm asking you, do you like guys, do you like to suck cock?

- I don't, I tell him.

- What are you fucking telling me, or do you think I didn't see you looking
at me? Take my trousers off, he said to me.

I just stood there in a stupor not knowing what to do in that situation.

- He took off my trousers, quickly, my grandfather repeated.

I went up to him and started unbuttoning his trousers, my hands were
shaking, and the grandfather said, don't be afraid spirit, if you do
everything right and well, no one will know that you are a faggot.

His trousers fell off and I pulled off his underpants and stood waiting for
further instructions from my grandfather.

- Don't you faggot know what to do and I have to tell you all this? Get on
your knees and start sucking my dick.

I realised it was better not to piss him off so I knelt down in front of
him and took his cock in my mouth. I immediately got the smell of piss in
my nose, considering they had been drinking and had naturally pissed
before, but I had to keep it a secret, so I just started sucking his cock
and it started growing in my mouth. Igor, that was my grandfather's name,
put his hands on my head and started to speed up his movements.

- Bitch, where were you before, you would have made my life easier in the
army, but now that I know who you are, you will serve me every day until I
go on demob, and it's still a long way to spring.

I suck his cock, and I think to myself, if it wasn't for your drunkenness
today, you wouldn't have dared to do such a thing, and now you feel like a
hero.

Igor started to get hard and the cum hit my throat and started to fill my
mouth and I started to swallow it. Igor's cum was thick and very tart with
a salty taste, but not disgusting and when he finished cumming in my mouth
he pulled his cock out, got dressed and told me I had done well, opened the
door and we went out. We talked some more and I told him how I had been
made into a whore.

- Okay, Kolya, go to the barracks, and tomorrow I'll fuck you in the arse,
so be ready.

I'm ready, I thought to myself, Ivan fucks me every morning, so one more
cock won't be a hindrance and I went to the barracks. I had to tell Ivan
that my grandfather had found out about me and now I was going to service
him too and we had to do something so that they wouldn't find out about
us. After bedtime, when we went to sleep, I told Ivan this news and he
looked at me and said, I'm not surprised at all, as it's written on your
face, I like to suck cock and to be fucked in the arse, but thanks for
telling me, I'll be more careful now. We fell asleep and early in the
morning I sucked Ivan's cock again and then he fucked me in the arse and it
became so natural that I started to wake up by this time and the desire to
suck cock made me salivate and Ivan had a hard-on. Every Saturday night we
went to bathe in the bathhouse and since Ivan was not around, I asked Yura
to rub my back and it felt so good that my dick started to rise, and then I
washed his back and my dick was fully erect. Fuck, it was so uncomfortable
that I didn't know what to do and Yura covered me up so the other guys
wouldn't see, but said we would definitely talk. What I liked about the
bathhouse was that you could look at guys' cocks freely, and guys reacted
so calmly if someone had a boner and I liked the Uzbek's cock, which was
thick and long and dark in colour. He had a little hairiness and a nice
pumped-up arse and I wanted to give myself to him, but his thick cock
embarrassed me, because I had never had such an instrument in my hands, but
it had never entered my arse, it was really very thick and that was the
main reason why I didn't want to have sexual relations with him. There was
another guy who played a role in our relationship and in this circle my
life in the army took place and that's why I'm writing about it, to bring
you up to speed and everyone in their own way learnt about me, but we were
all close in our company, in work and each of them in their own way formed
our sexual relationship. Our time in the training camp was coming to an
end, when we were to be transferred to the company, and before that we had
to go on a 500km march. The cars were prepared, we lined up in a column and
at 9 a.m. moved on the road. My car was the last one, as it was equipped
with everything necessary in case we needed technical assistance. Our
friend Uzbek managed to drive off into a ditch and when I arrived, the
Uzbek got a bad look from the captain of the motor company. I couldn't help
laughing, but we pulled the car out, and the captain sat behind the wheel,
and he sat next to him. While we were pulling out the car, the column went
far ahead, and to catch up with it I was already driving at a speed of 80
km, I got such a high from it and when we got to the part, the Uzbek never
drove a car again, but was a helper in various cases. The captain wanted to
take me back to his company, but our captain did not give me back, and I
stayed in this company and with these guys.

After the new year we took the oath and our training was over and now we
were in a company where there were different guys and we had to adapt,
because Ivan and I didn't sleep together now, and the desire for sex was
wild, and we were looking for all kinds of places where we could get
laid. Igor behaved normally with me when the guys were around, and when we
were alone, he took me to a booth and fucked me and I sucked him. Spring
came and our grandfathers were preparing for demobilisation. Igor made me
prepare his uniform, he had two weeks to go home and, in a week, the
grandfathers gathered us all young and organised our initiation in the
evening after lights out. The future grandfathers beat us with belts on our
arse, and we stood in front of them with our trousers down and it hurt so
much while all the boys beat us with belts on our arse, and one guy didn't
like me for some reason and he hit me twice with such force on my arse that
it hurt for a week. Ivan also got good, probably because of his tall
stature and physical strength, because future grandfathers didn't want
anyone to challenge their status, so Ivan got it. But we passed the
initiation and after it Igor called me into the wardroom and closed the
door. All the grandfathers took their young soldiers on their last day and
fucked them all night. Igor made me undress and shave my arse and groin so
I could remind him of a girl and when I did, I went over to him and he sat
on the sofa and knelt down in front of him.

- Well, my beautiful girl, tell me what you want this last night, I will
try to do for you?

- I don't know what I want, but I can serve you with your desires, for I
will no longer have such a good grandfather for whom I did everything you
wanted me to do.

- Good, then give me a good and long blowjob, but only so that I don't cum,
and then I'll fuck you in the arse, and you don't have to worry about your
future, I've already assigned you to a guy and you'll see him soon, but now
let's get to work.

I started slowly with the head of his cock, but to get to it I had to free
it from the excess lower flesh that was hanging off his cock and my tongue
started working in that direction. Igor sprawled out on the couch and put
his hands behind his head. He watched me as I worked on his cock and didn't
say anything to me. I got to the head of his cock and my tongue started
working on it. From the buzz, Igor's balls were pulling up on his cock and
there was a shuddering of his stomach, which was also pulling in on itself
as my tongue worked on his frenulum. I had learnt in four months what he
liked and where his most sensitive spots were and so I didn't dwell on them
for long, lest he cum quickly. Then, I started moving my head along the
length of his cock. I liked to swallow him completely, but the gag reflex
sometimes kicked in when I didn't have time to relax my throat when I got
down to the base of his cock. And so, slowly working on his cock, I already
knew when I had to stop, so that it would not turn out that the point of no
return had come and Igor had cum, and so lowering my head to the very base
of his cock, I did nothing and waited until the excitement passed, I
started moving my head up and down the shaft of his cock again. After a
while, when his cock was at rest, I started sucking his testicles and
lastly, I lifted his legs up and licked his asshole and Igor couldn't hold
back any longer and told me to just sit next to him until he calmed down
from arousal and I stroked his legs and sucked his toes. How long it was I
don't know, but this night was completely ours and Igor wasn't going to let
me go. He will go home tomorrow, and we would go into submission to our new
grandfathers, who had moved us from being `spirits to elephants'
today. Igor put me on my back and started fucking me. His pace was not
fast, but he drove his cock fully into my arse and when he drove it in, he
did it as if he was hammering a nail all the way in. It was a little
painful, but I was used to it, because Igor often fucked me like that. As
he got aroused, Igor's pace became faster and the strokes against my ass
were painful, but I tolerated it, because I was aroused myself, and then it
was the climax and the cum burst into my ass and filled it. Igor breathes
heavily and stops inside me and does not hurry to pull his cock out of my
ass, but he holds me tightly, as if he let me go now, the whole effect
would dissolve and it would feel like nothing had happened between us, and
he wanted to keep it as a memory for me and maybe for himself and we stand
like this, I'm bent over and he is behind me and his cock is in me and with
his hands he holds me tightly by the hips. His cock started to shrink in
size but Igor was in me and only when he fell completely did Igor pull away
from me and I turned to face him and kneeled down to clean his cock that
had just been in my arse and fucked me. After that, Igor spread out the
couch and we fell asleep on it together. That was it, my grandfather had
paid his debt to me or I to him, but I would remember him for a long time.

to be continued.

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free stories.
https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Sun, 27 Oct 2024 11:50:09 +0200
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 2 part

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between guys.

Ideas and suggestions also welcome. You can email me
at: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

Nifty is a wonderful free service, that all of us enjoy. However, it costs
actual money to run. Please consider making a donation to
Nifty. https://donate.nifty.org/

I'm in the army 2 chapter

At 6:00 a.m. we were awakened for formation. We are sleepy, can't
understand what they want from us, we start to get out of bed and line up
for the formation. We were given 15 minutes to pee and wash up, and the
whole crowd ran to the bathroom, and one toilet got a lot of guys and
started pissing. Fuck, such a powerful stream of urine from all of us and
everyone has such different dicks and some guys even had morning boners
that they had to press their dicks down so you don't pee on anyone, then
quickly washed up and on the formation. Half an hour of exercise and then
breakfast. After breakfast we were given two hours of free time and Egor
hung around next to me and we met some other guys and they had food in
their backpacks. We moved to a corner so that we were less visible and sat
like hamsters eating. Everyone shared something of their own, but Egor kept
close to me that I got annoyed and I sat away from him and by the look on
his face you could guess that he was offended, but I didn't give a fuck
about him, because I wasn't myself, and this topic didn't attract me
much. I got up and went to the toilet, and after a while Egor came in too.

- Listen Egor, in public you should behave with restraint, I told him, and
do not take offense at me. Yes, I am interested in listening to you, but
when someone is around, you have to understand, this is not my topic.

- What an asshole I was to think that you could satisfy me for the time
being.

- Egor, not today, so tomorrow we'll be taken to the unit, and we'll never
meet again, now let's go, we've been here too long, and we came out of the
toilet. It was lunchtime and they were feeding us some crap again. Then the
buyers came and again they didn't take us, so we stayed the night again and
when it was time to rest, Egor called me again and under the blanket sucked
me, and then I asked him to tell me about Oleg and how their relationship
developed.

- Kolya, if I ask you, will you fuck me in the ass?

- Egor, how do you envision it? There's a bunch of guys, and I'm lying here
and fucking you, right?

- Kolya, but we'll do it quietly, and I know how.

- How are you gonna do it?

- I'm going to lie on my side, tuck my legs under me, and you're going to
lie behind me and fuck me in the ass.

- Egor, you demand the impossible from me, especially since I've never
fucked a guy in the ass.

- So, imagine that I'm a girl, but you fuck me not in the pussy, but in the
ass and that's it.

- It's easy for you to talk about it, but how can it be done?

Egor turned his back to me, tucked his legs under himself, spit on his hand
and lubricated his asshole, and then spit on his hand again and lubricated
my cock and said that now I could put my cock in and moved closer to me and
my cock was near his asshole and I said to myself that I should try it and
started to insert my cock into Egor's ass. The cock went well and
completely entered his asshole and even it was nice and warm and the
pressure from his point gave a pleasant excitement, and I began to move
quietly in his asshole. At first it was kind of unusual, but as I got
aroused, I started to notice that I pressed myself against Egor and held
his hips and drove my cock in more confidently and eagerly. My arousal was
intense and I didn't think that his ass would cause such an emotion of
feeling that I would like it and want more, but as I approached orgasm, my
mind was no longer thinking about the guys around me, I wanted sex and I
was so horny that even Egor told me quietly to be quiet. I slowed down a
bit, but after a while I picked up again and was on my way to the climax of
our sex and at one point I started to cum. To keep from screaming from the
buzz, I clamped my mouth around Egor's neck and pressed myself hard against
him. The arousal was pouring out of me and I noted to myself that I wanted
to fuck him some more. I really had an original experience that I had not
experienced with anyone else, and I had no one to compare it with. I lay
like that for a while and was in no hurry to get out of Egor's ass, it just
felt good. The warmth of his body relaxed me, and I started to fall asleep
with him and in him, and Egor didn't even try to push me up, and we fell
asleep like that. In the middle of the night, I turned over and went to
sleep and, in the morning, I realized that I was sleeping naked and my
blanket was lying aside and the boys were already jumping up from the voice
that shouted rise. I quickly pulled on my underwear and also jumped off the
bunk, and after me Egor jumped off and we quickly ran to the bathroom, as
we were given 15 minutes for toilet and washing. Nobody seemed to care
about me and Egor and the guys were doing their own things and when we
talked to them nobody said anything. Today is the third day that we are
here and so far, no one has taken us away and at lunchtime we were built
and announced our names and told to get out of the line. I thought they
were here to pick us up but it turned out that we had been released to go
home for a week and we were supposed to be back in a week. I looked at Egor
and he smiled at me, but I didn't have time to smile, I wanted to go to the
army as soon as possible, not to delay the time, but when I mentioned it,
they just repeated to me, you will come back in a week and I went to get my
things and headed for the exit, Egor followed me and suggested that I go to
his village, especially since my bus would be only tomorrow at lunchtime,
and his bus was leaving in an hour and I agreed and we went with Egor to
his village. I was worried as I was going to the unknown. I didn't know how
I would be received, but Egor was happy and told me not to worry. We
arrived and were welcomed well and the table was set and we not only ate
well but drank well. Egor took me to his room and he and I went to bed. I
didn't see his brother, though Egor said he should have been home, but he
must have been somewhere else. In the middle of the night, I woke up and
wanted to go to the toilet, and since everything was unfamiliar to me, I
woke up Yegor and he took me to the toilet. After the toilet we went into
the room and Egor started hitting on me and I let him suck my dick, but as
I got horny, I remembered how I fucked Egor and I wanted to fuck him again
so I got him on his ass, spit on his asshole and stuck my dick in him. Fuck
I really started to enjoy fucking him in the ass and at that time the door
opens and Egor's brother comes in.

- And the faggots, do you fuck? Who is this? Ruslan asked Egor.

- And this is Nikolai, we came from the military recruitment center
together with him, because nobody came for us and we have to come back in a
week, and Kolya will live with me in my room, and then we will go to the
regional military recruitment center again.

- So, you say that Kolya will live here for a week and fuck you, but you
forgot to ask me if I give my permission? How about Kolya, let's do it this
way, you fuck my brother and I'll fuck you, how about it?

I was shocked by what I heard, although I was drunk and could not react
quickly, and Ruslan without thinking for a long time closes the door on the
key and starts to strip naked. I didn't understand what was going to
happen, I looked at Egor and Egor told me not to be afraid, because my
brother was going to fuck him, although Egor didn't know how it would turn
out for me. Yes, Ruslan fucked Egor in front of me and then offered us a
drink and got me drunk and took me to his room and told Egor to go to bed
and when Ruslan brought me to his room, he told me to undress and I
reluctantly undressed and Ruslan began to convince me to suck his dick. His
cock was really long, about 21 cm, but not thick and he was moving it
around my face and making me open my mouth and start sucking it, but I
didn't agree and Ruslan twisted me and got on top of me and his cock was in
front of me and I was inhaling its smell and at some point, I don't know
what came over me, I opened my mouth and Ruslan told me to start sucking
his cock and that was the first time I took it in my mouth. Naturally, I
sucked it badly, but Ruslan said that during this week he would teach me
how to suck a dick properly to give a guy a great pleasure from a
blowjob. I sucked Ruslan's dick as hard as I could and he said to me, "My
dear Nikolai, I want to fuck you in the ass, it will be such a great gift
from me and he pulled his dick out of my mouth and turned me belly down and
lay on me and his dick was on my ass and Ruslan started to make progressive
movements as if he was fucking me and he did it to whet my appetite and I
asked him to really fuck me. It feels good to feel his body on me as Ruslan
knows how to make me feel good and his cock is riding on my crack and
causing a pleasant sexual excitement, while Ruslan is talking to me and
convincing me that there is nothing better than ass fucking and I agree
with him, but he tells me that I have to ask him to fuck me and the more I
feel his cock on the crack of my ass, the more I want, to have Ruslan put
his cock inside me and I can't stand the sexual urge and I start not just
telling him but begging Ruslan to fuck me and Ruslan lubricates his cock
and my ass and my new life starts as a bottom who will now depend on
Ruslan's cock and Ruslan starts fucking me and I go into a trance and I
don't need anything else but the cock in my ass and Ruslan gives me what I
really need. Ruslan left me with him and we slept together all night and,
in the morning, Ruslan woke me up and made me suck his cock. I sucked his
cock all week until Egor and I drove back, but for Ruslan it was not enough
that I sucked only his cock and he connected Egor and from him I sucked too
and my skill became better and Ruslan praised me. He fucked me in the ass
every night and in the morning, I was fucked by Egor and Ruslan watched it
because he decided to make a whore out of me and to make me hungry for a
man's cock. So we sat down and had a good drink and then Ruslan went to his
sister's room and took her panties, bra and lipstick and put me in her
panties and bra and stuffed some rags in there for good measure, to make it
look natural and painted my lips and eyes and made me a girl and he and
Egor decided to call me Nastya, that's the name of their sister, whom
Ruslan doesn't like and now he's going to get off on me imagining that I'm
his bitch sister. Then he put me on all fours and sat on top of me like a
horse and made me drive him around the room and beat my ass with his hand
and said, faster horse Nastya. I tried my best, but my legs hurt, and
Ruslan told Egor that our horse lacked a tail and that he should go to the
vegetable garden and get the longest cucumber to make a tail for me and
Egor left. After a while Egor brought a cucumber, Ruslan stuck it in my ass
and said, now it became obvious that our horse became natural and got up
from me, and Egor sat on me. They were laughing from me and I was riding
Egor on me and he was also slapping my ass with his hand and telling me to
drive him around the room even faster. When they got tired of that, Ruslan
thought of one more thing and told Egor to go get some razors and he wanted
to shave my pubes so that it would be smooth like a girl's and when Egor
brought the razor, Ruslan took off my underpants and told Egor to shave me,
but I asked Ruslan not to do it, because tomorrow we were leaving, and
there was an army and how would I bathe among the soldiers with a shaved
pubes?

- Can you imagine that you won't have to hide from guys and sneak around
looking for some guy to suck his dick or to get fucked in the ass,
everything will be clear at once and you will be fucked always, Ruslan told
me.

- Please Ruslan don't do that, I'll do anything you tell me, just don't
shave me.

- No, you have to be a star in your company or unit, so Egor go ahead and
shave him.

I fell on my knees in front of Ruslan and begged him not to do it, but
Ruslan grabbed me and put me on the floor and sat on top of me and Egor
started shaving me. I cried, begged, pleaded, but Ruslan was adamant and
Egor shaved my pubes, balls and ass and Ruslan said, now you look more like
a girl and now me and Egor are going to fuck you in two thrusts, but first
you have to suck our cocks good, because they're flaccid and need to be
lifted up, so I started sucking them. It was hard and painful what Ruslan
did to me, I can't imagine what I will say to the guys when they see me
like this, especially since my groin hair was growing very slowly and my
ass was shaved and while I was sucking one and the other, their cocks rose
up and Ruslan put me on the rack and I sucked Egor's cock and he got behind
me and started fucking me in the ass telling Egor how cool it was to fuck
me with a shaved ass and you should find out and fuck Nikolay, he is our
girl now and he fucked me in the ass and Egor fucked me in the mouth. I'm
wearing a bra, stuffed inside with rags to make my tits look like tits,
shaved both front and back, my lips are painted, my eyes are lined and two
young guys are doing me and I'm crying at what lies ahead. Ruslan and Egor
switched places and Egor appreciated that it was even better without hair
when his ass was shaved, though Egor liked it when his brother fucked him
in the ass and when Ruslan cum in my mouth and pulled his cock out of it, I
suggested Ruslan to shave his brother too, to which he replied, fuck you,
he is my brother and you are nothing to me, and if you talk too much, we
will shave your legs too, do you understand?

- Yes, I understood everything, I answered Ruslan and stopped talking. Egor
was still fucking me in the ass and Ruslan sat on the couch and watched us
and when Egor finished in my ass, Ruslan told him to put his sister's
panties on me and let all the semen from my asshole spill out on them, and
I was sitting on the floor in women's panties and bra waiting, but Ruslan
looked at his watch and said that we had to sleep and I would sleep with
Ruslan as he wanted me to suck his cock and we went to our rooms. I was
dressed in women's clothes and the interesting thing was that I liked being
in them and I told Ruslan about it.

- I can tell from you that you're a hidden faggot and I knew you right away
and that's why I think you're going to the military recruitment center in
those panties.



What a panic I started, but Ruslan said, if you don't let me sleep, you
will not only go in panties, but also in a bra and turned away from me. I
lay quietly and cried silently. Ruslan had made a whore out of me for a
week, and I liked women's clothes, but wearing them in the army was out of
the question, and with such a heavy heart, I fell asleep. In the morning
Ruslan woke me up and made me suck his cock, we still had two hours before
the bus and I was sucking his cock while Egor was making us breakfast. When
everything was ready, Egor came to us and I also sucked his cock and then
quickly I went to wash, ate and in women's panties Ruslan sent me with Egor
to the regional military enlistment office and discreetly for me gave him
my panties and told him to give them to me in the evening when we went to
bed or when I was taken to the unit.

I was driving with a heavy heart and such a heavy stone lay on my chest
that I was very angry with Ruslan that I was ready to strangle him and Egor
together, but Egor was driving with me and talking the whole way, not
paying attention to me. We arrived at the military enlistment office,
checked in and waited for them to come for us. My mood was so bad that I
even shouted at Egor to shut up, and he said to me, "If you shout at me, I
won't give you your underpants.

- I'm sorry, Egor, I didn't know you had them, so I started asking him to
give them to me.

- Ruslan gave me an assignment when to give you your underwear, so don't
make me nervous or you won't get them and, if we don't get picked up
tonight, we'll sleep together and I'll fuck you, is that clear to you?

- Okay, just don't forget to give it to me, okay?

- That's it, we're done and we're going for a smoke.

We moved away from everyone and sat down in the designated smoking area,
and Egor asked me, so did you like being fucked?

- In principle, yes, I'm just afraid as if the part did not find out when I
bathe, because they say that the bathhouse is shared and when the guys see
me shaved, what will I tell them.

- Fuck Kolya, you're as dumb as a Siberian valenok, you'll say that you
fucked a girl, and she had mandavashki, so I had to shave.

- Fuck, Egor didn't even think about it, but thanks for the advice.

- You're welcome, but you already owe me twice and pray that they don't
take you away today so I can fuck you, or you'll go to the unit in women's
panties.

It was towards lunch time and again we were given some crap and then the
buyers arrived and Egor and I were not named and we had to find a place to
sleep and a place where Egor could fuck me and less people could see us. It
was evening and when they gave us free time, Egor quickly ran through the
cabin and found a place for us and we sat there and talked until lights out
and when the lights went out, I undressed and went to his bed and quietly
started sucking his cock until he got a good rack and Egor told me to turn
on my side and put my legs under me and he spit on his hand and smeared
saliva on my hole and started shoving his cock into me. He fucked me very
gently and I started to fly away from such sex and I liked the way Egor
fucked me so much that I started moaning and Egor covered my mouth with his
hand and told me to be very quiet and I had to hold back while Egor fucked
me and then Egor sucked me and we went to bed. The next day, buyers came
and took me away, but Egor stayed there and it was so unexpected that Yegor
didn't have time to give me my panties and I quickly ran after him, and the
bastard was sitting in the toilet at that time and I went in women's
panties. Fuck, I was swearing at Egor and while we were on the way to the
unit, I was only thinking how to hide this fact and nothing good came to my
mind and I realized that I was fucked.

to be continued.

Please, guys, consider making a fully tax-deductible donation to nonprofit
Nifty so they can continue providing these wonderful, free
stories. https://donate.nifty.org/ Thank you so much!

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Wed, 23 Oct 2024 16:13:10 +0300
From: андрей пумо
Subject: I'm in the army 1 part

I'm in the army 1 part

Subject: I'm in the army 1 chapter

Date: oct 23.10.24

Author: Andrey Pumo, Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

This is a gay story about the army, domination, urination, sex between
guys.

This story is completely fictionalized and is not intended to portray any
real life characters, places, or events. Any resemblance to reality is
completely coincidental. Please note that none of the characters in this
story exist and the events that occur are purely fictional.

If you have any suggestions, you can email me: Andrey.Pumo@gmail.com

If this is not your thing, or you are under the age of majority, please
stop reading right now.

This story is for your personal use only.  Any other use or transfer to
another site is prohibited without the author's consent. Do not forget to
help out Nifty for their amazing and tireless work on

archiving and making available these wonderful stories that would

otherwise be unavailable for most of us to read. You can donate at

https://donate.nifty.org/

1 chapter

I was drafted at the age of 18, and I took my backpack, which I had
prepared in advance and went to the regional military recruitment center,
where guys from other places were arriving. I met a guy who had been here
since yesterday, his name was Egor. He was tall, broad in the shoulders,
with blond hair and his nose was hunched, it did not ugly him and I thought
he was attractive. I said that my name was Nikolai and he, taking me aside,
offered me to smoke and chat with him until we were all called to the
formation, when representatives from the military units were to come and
take us to their units. We placed ourselves in a corner and squatted and
smoked. Egor became immediately interested in me, because he liked me and
often looked between my legs, and since we were squatting, it was clearly
visible outlines of my household and from this lustful look, my cock began
to get excited and the visibility of my erection prompted Egor to reach out
his hand to my cock and take it in his hand.

- Ooooh, you have a nice dick, maybe we should go to the toilet, if you
don't mind.

I thought we wouldn't be here long, three days at the most, so I agreed
with him and we went to the toilet. We closed, and Egor did not pull the
rubber, but immediately knelt down and unbuttoned my pants. When he saw my
cock, his exclamation was so pleasant that I looked at my cock and thought
that there was nothing unusual in it, well 18 cm and so what?  And Egor
took it in his mouth and started sucking it. I didn't even expect to get a
blowjob here, but Egor was special so I quickly cum in his mouth. We left
the toilet and Egor told me that if we are not picked up today, you will
sleep with me, and he made a place in the corner and the view of this place
was very bad and even if someone wanted to look closely, he had to come
close to see Egor's place. It was two o'clock in the afternoon when we were
built up and taken to the canteen where the food was crap and I only drank
tea and ate a piece of bread and butter. Toward evening the buyers arrived
- that's what they called the representatives from the units they were to
send us to, who were put on their list. Egor and I were not on the list,
and after dinner we were ushered into the room, Egor quickly took me to his
seat and I sat down next to him. It was still a couple hours before lights
out and we chatted and looked through our phones and when they said lights
out and everyone got to sleep. Egor called me quietly and I crawled over to
his bed and his hand immediately I felt on my cock. Egor reached down and
took my cock in his mouth. Egor sucked well and when I cum in his mouth, I
asked him, "Egor, where did you learn to suck so well?

- I sucked my brother's cock, he taught me to suck his cock, he is three
years older than me. It started when I was in third grade and he was in
sixth grade. I was in his room and we were playing and at one point, my
brother lay down on the bed and asked me to give him a massage. I sat on
top of him and started doing as much as I could and my brother told me how
to do it. Then he took off his underpants and asked me to massage his ass
and as I was doing that, my brother's dick got hard and he asked me if I
wanted to see his hard cock.

It was always desirable for me because I always wanted to see it and so I
told him, yes and my brother rolled over on his back and I saw his cock,
which was standing up and was maybe 12 cm. I was mesmerized by it and my
hands reached for his cock and I started playing with it and my brother
didn't say anything to me and it was wonderful for me. There was a drop on
the end of his cock and I asked him about it and he told me to taste it
with my tongue and I licked the head of his cock and I thought it had a
sweet taste.

- How does it taste, my brother asked me.

- It's fine, I replied.

- Do you want to try some more?

- Yes, I can.

- Then open your mouth and take my head in your mouth and suck it like
candy and then you can taste more of my delicious cum.

Without any embarrassment I bent down and took his head in my mouth and
started sucking it like my brother told me and after a while my brother's
cum came out and when it was in my mouth, I tasted it and it tasted a
little tart but sweet and I swallowed it.

- No one can know what you and I are doing here or you will never be able
to taste my cum or suck my head again, do you understand that?

I waved my brother's head and after that, I massaged my brother every day
and sucked his cock and I liked it so much that I followed him around like
a dog, but he told me that we could only have that kind of relationship at
home. Over the summer my brother's dick grew and when we measured it was
already 14 centimeters. I was already in the 4th grade and we started to
have sexual issues between the boys and we would sneak off to the bathroom
and measure dicks, who had more and Slavik had the biggest dick among us,
11 cm, plus it was covered with skin that hung down and completely covered
his head and to show it to us, he pulled it back and showed us his head,
which was big and huge. I looked at his cock and I wanted to take his big
head in my mouth, but he also had big balls that hung down very nicely and
reminded me of my brother when I used to play with them and I went over to
Slavik and took his balls in my hands.

- Fuck you have such big balls, I said and all the guys started to show
theirs, but no one had such as Slavik's and I went to his cock and while I
was touching it, it started to stand up and all the guys decided to
re-measure their dicks in standing position and started to jerk them off,
it was very sexy, but Slavik was still on top, his cock was as big as 13 cm
and we were in 4th grade. After the summer, when we went to the 5th grade,
and my brother was already in the 8th grade, we decided with the guys to
measure dicks and again Slavik had the longest and thickest dick 15 cm, but
he was big himself and Slavik said to me, Egor do not want to jerk me off,
because I don't have the heart to do it?

- Ask Oleg, I told him, he likes to do it.

Once we were alone with Oleg in the toilet and he was jerking my dick and
so I suggested Slavik and Slavik turned to Oleg and said, jerk me off and
Oleg went to him and started jerking his dick and got so carried away that
Slavik cummed in front of everyone.

- Fuck Slavik, wow, said the guys and then Slavik said, let's all jerk off?
And then everybody jerked off. My brother was in the 8th grade, his dick
was already 17 cm, but it wasn't thick and one day we were fooling around
and he put me on my stomach and lay on top of me and his dick was against
my ass and my brother said to me, I want to show you something else and it
will be cool too and he pulled down my underpants, pushed my buns apart and
leaned his face to my ass and started licking my ass with his tongue. Fuck,
it's so nice that I just lay there and enjoyed it and told my brother how
good it was, and he said that now it would be even better and got up from
me and started to shove his cock into my asshole, and since he didn't have
a thick one, but only a long one, it went in easily and my brother lay on
top of me and started moving his pelvis and the nice movement of his cock
in me just made me dizzy and I lay under him and wanted it not to end, but
after a while he cummed in my ass and just lay on top of me.

- What do you think, Egor, how do you like it?

- Yes, Ruslan, it's very nice and I'd like more.

- Well now Egor I will fuck you every day, you don't have to worry about
that, and Ruslan fucked me until the army and by the time he went to the
army his penis was 21 cm. When he left for the army I had a great need for
sex and I had to be with someone to get him to fuck me, and since we lived
in the countryside, it had to be done quietly so that no one would know and
I thought for Oleg that it would be possible to get together with him
somehow, especially since he seemed to like it too and I invited him to my
place for the weekend to play the console and see how he would feel about
it. Oleg and I played, joked and our jokes came to such moments, when they
went to the area of sex and we even began to talk about the fact that if
someone loses, he must suck dick. Well, jokes are jokes, and we already had
our dicks hard, and we were adjusting them in our pants, and Oleg looked at
me and said, well, Egor, it looks like you're going to lose now and will
suck my dick.

- What makes you think you're winning, maybe you're the one who's going to
suck my dick. Look at him waiting for you to suck him off.

- You look at mine, says Oleg and pulls his cock out of his pants, it's
already flowing and your mouth will please me. And with such jokes we were
poking each other and it got to the point that Oleg suggested that we play
naked and we undressed and sat naked in front of each other and our dicks
were standing hard and I lost.

- I told you that you would suck my cock, Oleg said to me and took it in
his hand and waved it in front of me. Come on, don't be shy, since you
lost, because you have to do what we agreed on and looks at me.

I did not dare, although I wanted to take his cock in my mouth very much
and for some reason, I thought that it was still a joke and if I take his
cock in my mouth, how will Oleg react to it and somewhere waited for his
actions and he did not hesitate and again waves his cock in front of me and
smiling says, come on Egor, we agreed that whoever loses, he sucks dick.

- And if you lost, would you suck my dick, I asked him.

- Of course, but it wasn't me who lost, it was you, so go ahead and start,
I'm waiting.

I went to him and I look at him and do not dare to do it, then Oleg stood
in front of me and said, how long will I wait?

I looked at him, and he has such a piercing look and he is no longer
smiling.

- Well, we were joking about it, weren't we?

 - What a joke, come on, kneel down and start sucking my dick and already
Oleg is so strict and bossy and I kneel down in front of him and take his
dick in my mouth.

- That's it should have been done a long time ago, and then you break like
a girl and he puts his hands on my head and starts pumping his cock in my
mouth and every time he fucks me harder and harder in my mouth and before
cumming, he takes his cock out of my mouth and tells me to stand up. I
immediately realized that my ass is waiting for a full fuck, and even
worse, if Oleg will tell the guys for me and I start asking him not to say
anything to anyone, and he says to me, if you do not let me fuck you in the
ass, then everyone will know that you cocksucker and I had nothing to do
but to stand up and Oleg fucked me.

- Yegorka, tell me how my dick entered your ass so easily, - Oleg asked
me. Everything turned out very professionally between us. By any chance,
you weren't fucked before me, and who perforated you?

I realized that I was caught and it would be better for me to tell him
everything, so I told him about my brother and how we had it with him.

- Well, now it's gonna be you and me and you're gonna serve me, you don't
want me to tell the boys, do you?

- No, I don't.

- Then we understood each other, and Oleg got up, got dressed and left.

On the one hand I was glad that now there was someone to fuck me, but on
the other hand I was still afraid that Oleg might tell the guys and then
I'm fucked, because in the village news spreads fast and I will not live
here, and plus my brother was not there, he was in the army and I now had
to hope that Oleg will not tell anyone, provided I do everything he wants
me to do. On Monday I came to school and stole glances at Oleg to see if he
had told the boys, but the boys paid no attention to me and I calmed down,
but after the second lesson Oleg came up to me and told me to follow him
and he led me to the bathroom, which was on the soccer field. We went in
and Oleg told me to sit on the toilet and when I sat down, he came over to
me and pulled out his cock and told me to start sucking it. Oleg's cock was
perfect, straight, not thick, 15 centimeters, the head when it came out
from under the skin was like a fairy tale that I wanted to kiss, suck and
just admire. His testicles were medium sized and fit in my hand. He was not
hairy and I liked it so much, his nipples were a little big but looked so
sexy on him that you could put him in the boy god who wanted me to service
him and I sucked his cock and he closed his eyes and enjoyed my blowjob
skills. After a while his testicles started to rise to his cock and the
head of his cock got bigger and strong hands squeezed my head and cum hit
my mouth. Oleg came from his orgasm and opened his eyes.

- Fuck Egor, you suck really well, your brother taught you well, but let's
go, so as not to seem suspicious that we were gone for a long time, and we
left the bathroom and went to school. Lessons were over and we were walking
home with Oleg and Slavik came up to us and we started talking.

- I see you have become so close, though I never noticed it before, Slavik
said to us.

- It's all right, said Oleg, it's just that Egor has one game that I like,
and you know that my parents can't afford to buy it, so I go to him to
play.

- Aaaaaaah, said Slavik, I thought you had become faggots.

- And you, Slavik, don't wind yourself up with your guesses, said Oleg.

I knew that Oleg was not afraid of Slavik, if they went out to fight one on
one, but his thoughts could be just as an empty word, and could be such to
check us for lice and when Slavik moved away from us, Oleg told me that we
need to be more careful otherwise Slavik if he finds out, he will eat us
and we at school communicated only by text messages and even invented their
own font, so that if someone read them, nothing understood from what was
said. Under the guise of playing games on the computer, I sucked Oleg's
dick and he fucked me in the ass and it was fine with each of us.

I lay there listening to Egor, and I didn't notice how I fell asleep.