The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 1)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the names in most cases but some are the same first
names and last names have been omitted. If you don’t like male to male sex
stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy… If you have any comments and
especially if you feel that the person being described is “you” let me know,
I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 9 The Holidays
by
Donn Thomas azdonn@gmail.com
It was that time of year now and my first
holidays spent away from home. I was having so much fun with my new lifestyle
that being away from home was not an issue, but now it's getting close to
Christmas, a time of family and friends. I wanted to go home but we only had
four days off for Christmas and there was a mileage restriction on us, we could
only go so far from the base. My parents decided to send me to Los Angeles to
spend Christmas with My Aunt and Uncle and two cousins instead of spending it
by myself, and sent me round trip airline tickets.
I started talking about the trip with my
friends and everyone seemed to think that I was so lucky to be spending it in
L.A. instead of here in Tucson, that I started to get excited about it, but a
little apprehensive at the same time. My cousins were straight. Since L.A. was
one of the Gay Mecca's, it would probably be like being a child in a candy shop
and not allowed to have any. I had a plan.. I wanted to have my cake and eat it
too!
I bought one of those Bob Damron address
books that they sold at the bar and started checking off all the bars that I
had been to and looking up where I lived in Connecticut. I was surprised to find
that I had been missing out on many places to go before I joined the Air Force.
But right now I had to find places in L.A. OH MY GOD!!!!! Could a city have
that many bars? I couldn't believe that there were so many. It seemed like all
I would have to do is go to Santa Monica Blvd, and I would be in Gay heaven!
I was supposed to arrive on December 24th
and told my aunt that I would call them when I got in to L.A. International so
they wouldn't have to wait for me if I was late. She said she didn't mind but
would wait for the call.
December 23rd, I left Tucson for Los
Angeles, one day earlier than I had told her. Somehow I guess my parents didn't
convey the information about the flight to my Aunt and Uncle, to my relief they
left that up to me.
L.A. international was a huge airport,
nothing like Tucson or Phoenix at the time. You could get lost in here, I
thought as I walked around looking for a place to change out of my uniform. I
found a men's room and went into a stall to change and it started already. I
went in the handicapped stall, because there is a sink in there and I wanted to
freshen up after the flight and before I headed into the bars. I was stripped
down to my boxers when I noticed movement in the next stall. I could see the
person's shadow on the floor and what looked like rapid movement of one arm and
the shadow kept leaning forward. I looked down and caught a fast glimpse of
someone looking under the stall! This was not like a quiet men's room somewhere
in the back of a store and there were many people. I was not about to get
caught at Christmas time and spend the holiday in jail for having sex there.
But..... why not tease a little? And who knows, maybe he is cute and I could
get a ride to the bars or something.
I took it real slow washing up at the sink
in just a pair of socks and my boxers and just watched the shadow movement out
of the corner of my eye, trying to pretend I didn't notice I was being watched.
Then after my face and hands were washed and dried I turned my back to the
person and took off my boxers. Now I was standing naked in the stall and he was
watching and that arm movement was really going. I had to stay with my back to
him since I was getting hard knowing that I was being watched and didn't want
him to see yet. I grabbed a paper towel and wet it in the sink and then
proceeded to give myself a "whores" bath, you know, pits crotch and
asshole. First my pits, then I reached in my bag for more deodorant and put
that on. Every time I bent over to get something out of my bag I could see a
little movement. I wet another paper towel and still facing away from him
spread my legs and reached through so he could see that I was rubbing it all
over my balls. Then I went for the kill, I grabbed a tee shirt and covered my
cock with it and turned and faced the mirror. My cock was hard as a rock then
and it was a sideways view for him. Then I lifted the shirt as if I was
checking it for wrinkles or something and boinnng, there it was for him
pointing skyward and throbbing. I'm not sure if he knew what I was doing or
thought I was oblivious to him watching but I started rubbing my cock and he
really starting moving. Before long I was jacking off over the sink and shot
into the sink, then I heard scuffling as he pulled up his jeans and left in a hurry,
oh well might as well finish cleaning up and find a way into town.
I stuffed my bags into one of those lockers
at the airport and went out to look for a cab I had already checked the address
book and told the cabbie what block to go to. I’m not sure what I thought
California looked like but, I just kept looking out the window of the cab and
thinking it was nothing exciting. I guess I was thinking that it should look
more like Manhattan. Cities out west seemed, at the time, to be more spread out
and smaller buildings, rather than in the east where the cities were smaller in
land area, but reached the sky with their buildings.
As the cabbie went down Santa Monica Blvd,
it looked different more like a city, small buildings but more like a city.
“Where do you want me to drop you?”, he asked, I had been watching the numbers
on buildings and said “Anywhere here would be fine thanks”. I got out and
started to explore.
There were guys leaning against store
fronts, that seemed to take notice and I of them too, but they would then look
away, all seemed to be dressed the same way too, jeans and tight white
tee-shirts. I had the same thing on, tight 501 jeans, white tee-shirt, also
tight and black boots, tattoos and military haircut. I spotted one of the bars
on the list and went in, surprisingly there were a lot of people inside, not
like in Arizona at this time of day. The people inside were dressed different
than the guys hanging around outside too. Not sure how to put it but different,
more bell bottoms and shirts rather than tee-shirts. Not knowing what I could
get away with I figured I would order a beer, and that if I got kicked out of
here for being underage, there were plenty of other places to go.
I walked over to the bar, much more
confidently then I had done when I first started going out. Looked for an empty
place and waited for the bar tender while he talked with someone, didn’t want
to seem anxious or nervous. He stopped and came over, “what’ll it be?” he
asked. I ordered a beer and he just reached down and opened one, but before
letting go of it asked for my I.D. I showed him my military I.D., he looked at
it and asked for a drivers licence and then I knew I was going to get kicked
out. I gave him my Connecticut drivers licence and he looked at it for a min
and then handed it back to me. Don’t know why, maybe he wasn’t good at math or
something but he just gave me the beer. I handed him the money and he asked how
business was outside. I wasn’t quite sure what he meant, and asked “business?”.
“Are you hustling?” he asked. “No”, I said and was a little surprised and sort
of flattered at the same time that he thought I would be charging for sex. He
winked and said “You just have that look”, and walked back to his friends at
the bar.
Now I understood what those guys outside
were doing. This is the first time since I’ve been “out”, that I saw a big
city, and I heard about hustlers but don’t think I’ve ever seen one. They just
look like the type of guys that I liked, cute but masculine. This wasn’t good,
I was dressed as if I was asking for money. I figured that if I just cruised
someone maybe they would get the right idea and know I wasn’t just waiting for
someone to pick me up and pay me. One thing was good about this bar, no dance
floor. Since I still didn’t dance, it was great that nobody was going to ask.
Just about when I was finishing my beer and
thinking about going somewhere else, a guy walked in the bar and was looking
around. I wouldn’t have taken notice of him, but for the cards in his hand and
he was just looking everyone over strangely. He looked at me and came over and
handed me a card. I looked at it and it was an address and phone number, I just
looked back at him with a puzzled look and he said “party tonight, if you would
like to go”. “Don’t understand”, I said. “Speak English?” he asked. “Yes, I
don’t mean that, why did you give one to me and not to anyone else, just seems
strange, that’s all” He laughed and said, “I work for someone that gives
parties, he is very wealthy and sends me out to the bars to invite people, a
certain type, age etc., and you fit the description, that’s all”. “If you want
to go”, he continued, “Just be at that address at the time on the card and I’m
sure you will have a good time, there will be plenty of food and lots to drink”.
“OK, I said, “Thanks”. He walked around the bar for a while and then left. I
looked at the bartender who smiled and gave me a “thumbs up” as if I had won a
prize or something. I guess people knew what the guy was doing. I put down my
beer bottle and put up a tip and started to leave, the bar tender asked “are
you going to go?” “Don’t know”, I said, “I’ll take it if you don’t want it”, he
said with a laugh. “Nah, I’m going to think about it first”, and with that I
left the bar to check out the guys outside on the street.
I walked out of the bar and it was now
starting to get dark, the streets were alive with lights cars and people, it
reminded me a little of Boston without the cold, but with a strange twist.
There seemed to be a lot of young guys hanging around waiting for someone to
make an offer but I just walked past them wondering what their lives were like.
I just couldn’t imagine making a living from having sex. I know it sounds to
good to be true, just have fun and get paid for it, but I imagined that they
must have to sleep with a lot of people that they didn’t really want to and
have to pretend to be really into them in order to get a decent pay. I reached
into my pocket and pulled out the card that I was given in the bar and looked
at the time it said “10:00 p.m. until ?” Well I had all night and was very
curious but still feeling a little unsettled about it. At least when I was
invited to a party before, I knew who was throwing it.
It was now about 7:00 pm and maybe if I had
another drink and oh yeah food, I remembered I haven’t eaten since this
morning. Maybe I should get something before drinking anymore. I know that I
only had one beer but I don’t really hold my liquor well. The first time I got
drunk was when I was in Tech school and woke up with a tattoo. The scene
repeated itself the next night. So I now had two tattoos to remind me of my
first two times under the influence.
I walked along looking for a place to get a
burger and some coffee, I always loved coffee. I spotted a restaurant across
the street and made my way over to it. I walked in and someone showed me to a
table after I told them I didn’t want to sit at the counter. The girl took my
order and came back right away with the coffee. I lit a cigarette and looked
around at the people, the majority being male and in groups, some of them
acting pretty camp. I guessed that most of them were having something to eat
before hitting the bars for the night, but I still had to think about going to
some strangers house and to a party where I wouldn’t know anyone including the
host. I was pretty nervous about it and excited at the same time.
The waitress brought the burger and I dived
into it, I guess I was pretty hungry. About half way through the burger I was
interrupted, “Excuse me” the waitress said, “Would you mind if someone shared
your table?” and continued, “We have no more seats at the counter and all the
booths are full and if you don’t mind I can seat another single party with
you.” I shrugged my shoulders and said “No, I don’t mind”, “Thanks” she said
and motioned someone over to the table. A guy came over and asked “Are you sure
you don’t mind?” “No, I just don’t like sitting at the counter, but I don’t
mind someone sitting with me”. “Great” he said and gave the waitress his order.
“Are you military?” he asked, “yes” I said. “Thought so, you just had that
look, was either that or a hustler” he laughed and so did I. “No”, I said “but
you are the second one today that thought that”. “Well, you dress the part, but
you don’t look hardened enough”. Wasn’t sure what he meant so I just shrugged
it off. He was decent looking and early twenties, I guessed, but I’m not good
at guessing anyway. Probably someone that I might cruise, if I hadn’t been
thinking about the party. “You look like something is on your mind” he said.
“Yeah, I got invited to a party tonight and I’m not sure about going” “Oh?” he
said. “Well, I don’t know the person having the party or anyone that’s going” I
told him. “How did you get invited?” he asked. I told him and he seemed to know
about these parties but had never been invited to one. “Go” he said “from what
I’ve heard about these parties, you will probably enjoy it”. I showed him the
address and asked if he knew where it was. He told me it was quite a ways and
that I should get a cab to get there. He finished his sandwich and left and I
wasn’t sure now, how far is “quite a ways” and should I leave now? I left a tip
and got up to pay for my burger and then headed for the men’s room. Wish I had
a shower but I guess another wash up in a men’s room will do.
I finished washing up a little and headed
out to the street, wondering if I should get a cab now or wait a little, I
decided to wait a little bit and get another drink. I went back to the bar I
was in before, knowing that they served me once so I would try again. I started
to walk in the door and a big guy said “I.D.?” “shit”, I thought while pulling
my licence out of my wallet. I handed it to him and he glanced at it for a
second and handed it back. I couldn’t help but wonder why they even checked if
they were just going to let me in. The bar was pretty packed and I had to make
my way through a heavy crowd to get to the bar. I went over to the bar and
ordered a beer and leaned against the wall drinking it. I noticed a few people
looking my way but no one approached me, maybe it was true, maybe I did look
like I was looking for pay, Oh well, I thought. I finished the beer and went to
put the bottle on the bar and the bartender handed me another, I went to get
some more money and he said “Someone bought this one for you”, “Who?” I asked.
He just smiled and turned and went back to work. It made me think that it was
from him so I just yelled “Thank him for me” and drank the beer followed by two
more. I was starting to feel a slight buzz and noticed that it was 9 pm and
maybe I should get a cab and get to the party, after all I wasn’t sure how far
“quite a ways” was and I always liked being on time.
I got in the cab and my head was buzzing
from the beers and told the driver the address. He started off and it seemed
like we were there in minutes but it was actually 20. He stopped and let me out
and I paid him and he drove off. I stood there looking at this beautiful house,
but a little apprehensive about going to the door, first the fear of the
unknown and second I was 40 minutes. early. Figuring that I wasn’t going to
just stand here for 40 minutes I made my way up to the door and rang the bell.
The guy who gave me the card answered and said “My you’re early”. “Sorry” I
said, “I wasn’t sure how far it was and didn’t want to be late”. “Well come on
in” he said. I thought that he must have been getting ready too, since he
answered the door in a towel and a Santa Claus hat, but then he handed me a
towel and said “give me your clothes and I’ll put them away for you” Now I had
never been to a party where they asked for your clothes, sometimes at parties
your clothes came off, but I never started out that way. I took my wallet out
of my pocket and started to undress, “Don’t worry about your wallet” he said “I
stay here until everyone has arrived and then the room will be locked, it will
be safe”. A little apprehensively I gave him the wallet and he put it in the
bag he was folding my clothes into. I asked him if there was a bathroom that I could
wash up in, since I was going to a party in a towel I wanted to be clean. He
laughed and said “sure take a shower if you will feel more comfortable” and
pointed me in the direction of the bathroom.
Well I would feel more comfortable, so I
did take a shower, It felt good after walking around all day. I came out of the
bathroom and could see him giving someone else a towel and walked over to them,
“Which way do I go?” I asked. “The end of the hallway there is a big room, just
go in there, that’s where the party is going to be”. I followed his directions
and in a house this size you really do need directions. I entered the room
thinking that there would be a lot of people there and there was no one. There
was a bar, where you could mix your own drinks and a large table of food and in
the centre of the room a table surrounded by pillows on the floor. On the table
was a large hookah (a large water pipe, with many tubes coming off it so that
many people could smoke at once). Just following me into the room was another
guy he was my age or maybe younger about the same build and also with short
hair. “Hi”, I said, “Hi, strange isn’t it? He asked. “Been here before?” he
asked. “No”, I said. “You’ll have fun, just relax” he said. I didn’t know I
looked that nervous, but I guess I did. He walked over to the liquor and made a
drink and I followed, “want me to make you one too”, he asked, “sure, thanks”
He did and handed it to me, I tasted it and I guess I winced. “To strong?” he
asked. “A little but its ok” I answered. “It’s just rum and coke” he said. “No,
It’s ok” I assured him. “Come on, sit with me by the pipe” he said and again I
followed.
We sat there talking and laying on the
pillows for a few minutes and others started coming in all dressed in towels
and all very hot. I was starting to wonder how I got in this group, but didn’t
care. As others started coming in they all got drinks and sat on the floor on
the pillows, some sitting and some laying down. I was sitting looking and
talking and I felt a hand on my leg, as it moved slowly up and down, I started
to get hard. The guy that I was with took a hit off the water pipe and handed
me the tube and I took one as well. My head was spinning from the beers, the
rum and now the smoke. No introductions were made, just a lot of bodies that
were all about the same height, colouring and everything and because of the guy
I first talked to I was next to him right in the middle of it. He laid back and
I ran my fingers down his smooth chest. He was already hard and so was I. I moved
to his crotch and licked the length of his cock and could smell the mild musty
odour that turned me on so much. At the same time the hand that was on my leg
turned into a tongue making its way up the back of my thighs and spreading my
legs I gave access for the tongue to lick and suck on my balls from behind. I
started thinking “My first orgy!!, Fantastic” As I was sucking slowly on my new
friends cock and balls I felt more tongues on my body, my feet, my armpits, it
was like heaven! I saw something out of the corner of my eye that seemed very
out of place. It was the guy in the towel and Santa hat, pushing a wheelchair
with a man in it, into the room he pushed him to the bar and faced him towards
the orgy and left him there. Then he took off his towel and joined the party. I
guess everyone was here, and at final count I was told that there were
forty-two people who came to that party, all in their teens and I kept thinking
I glad I didn’t wait one more year I’d probably be to old to get invited. At 19
I was one of the older ones there, and some of them looked considerably younger
than me. I started sucking the first guy again and he said “stop, I don’t want
to cum yet” so I did and started kissing him, at the same time I was being
worked over good as one was sucking my cock and anther was sucking on my balls
and asshole. “Just lay back next to me” he said “What?” I said, “just lay back
and enjoy it” I laid back and looked and him and he gave me a little kiss and
saw or should I say felt what he meant. I looked down to see people licking all
over him and myself, it was great! I closed my eyes for a second and then felt
a tongue at my lips, I parted them thinking it was him and kissed him deeply
searching his mouth with my tongue. I opened my eyes and realized it was not
him, but a boy who looked like he was about 15 or so. I wasn’t sure but I
wasn’t going to ask, he was beautiful. I just kept kissing him until he stopped
and repositioned himself with his knees on each side of my head and hard cock
above my face. I lifted my head and took his engorged cock in my mouth tasting
his pre-cum and sinking the shaft into my throat as he started pumping my face.
Not wanting him to cum right away I stopped and started licking his smooth
balls and buried my face underneath them to probe deeper and send shivers up
his spine. I could see his head moving from side to side and knew he was
enjoying it as much or more than I was and kept probing deeper with my tongue
as he spread wider to give me access. He was so smooth and I wanted his cum,
but sometimes people in groups stop just before Cumming, I guess to make the
party last longer but if he was anything like me Cumming the first time didn’t
stop anything. I took his cock in my mouth and buried it until the small amount
of pubic hairs were tickling my nose, he moaned loudly and I kept sliding it in
and out to the hilt until I felt his balls tighten and his cock swell like it
would explode and he shot a gusher of cum into my mouth and slid his cock all
the way in my mouth so that the sensitive head would not be a reason to pull
out. He kept shooting gusher after gusher almost choking me but I kept
swallowing the thick sweet juices of his body. When he finished he slumped over
and kissed me in a way that I knew he appreciated his first climax for the
night.
I always liked oral sex better than fucking
or getting fucked and having wild but gentle sex of course if someone wanted to
be fucked, who was I to say no. But this party was different I didn’t see any
fucking, which seemed strange. I asked my new friend lying next to me if he
wanted to get another drink and he said “yes” he was about ready for a rest, he
also was holding off from Cumming. We went over to the bar and made some drinks
and I asked him about the obvious lack of fucking. “Don’t do it” he said, “but,
why?” I asked. “See the guy in the wheelchair, the one hosting the party?”
“Yes”, I answered, “he likes to watch and what he wants to see is oral sex
between young guys, if he had his way none of us would even have pubic hair
yet, and if you start fucking someone or let someone fuck you, the guy with the
Santa hat will ask you to stop or you will have to leave, and you will not be
invited anymore” he told me. “Great!, I can suck all I want and not worry about
someone trying to turn me over, well not to fuck me anyway” I said, “very nice
arrangement” I thought to myself.
As the night went on I
came three times and had enough cum in my belly to last me a week, sounds a
little gross, I guess I never think of it that way but… I went out into the
hallway where there was a clock to check the time and was amazed to see that it
was 5:00 am and I really needed to get back to the airport. I explained to the
Santa guy that I had to get back and he offered me another shower and said “Go
over to John and thank him for the party, he would like that”, “Oh yeah” I
said, “I almost forgot” I went over to John and thanked him and he smiled and
touched my now limp cock and said “Thank you too, you put on quite a show” I
was a little embarrassed, I guess I didn’t really think of it as a show but
that’s what it was I guess. After we talked a few minutes, during which he
didn’t stop stroking my now semi-hard cock he said I was invited back anytime.
I was now hard from his stroking and he was pulling it closer I got in front of
him and let my cock enter his mouth, he took it all the way in and out many
times while rubbing my balls, but then he stopped. “It would probably take you
to long after tonight” , he said and I agreed. “Well have a shower and a safe
trip, wherever you’re going” he said, and at that I gave him a kiss on the
cheek and left for a shower.
Before going into the
shower I called a cab and asked that he come in about a half hour to let me
have time to take a shower and after an uneventful shower by myself I left the
house and got in the cab that was waiting and headed back to the airport,
again
taking in all the sights
that I could see on the way and thinking that California was a nice place to
visit, but I didn’t think that I would want to live here.
I called my Aunt from the
airport, pretending to have gotten in during the night and said that I didn’t
want to wake every one so I slept on a bench and waited for morning.
Yeah, got yelled at for that haha.
The rest of the holiday went by without
any gay incidents, presents were shipped from home from my parents and some
from my relatives, my cousin, who had this really hot mustang took me out
cruising the strip and my other (female) cousin took me to knots berry farm.
All in all a pretty tiring time for me,
but it was fun and probably a once in a lifetime experience, which as I look
back on it now it was.
To Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003
WankNaked.Org

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 2)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 8 Acid, Another
First Time
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
My Roommate, who’s name escapes me at the
moment started going into a long dissertation about how acid opens the mind and
enables you to see things as they really are, not really what I meant by asking
him what it was like. I told him that I was going out that night and asked if
it would be good to try some and go out bar hoping. He told me that as long as
I kept it in my head that what I was seeing or experiencing was the acid and
that I didn’t let it freak me out, I should be fine. I asked him if he would
sell me some and he said that the only ones he had were three-day acid tabs. He
also explained to me that for my first time I shouldn’t take one of those, at
least not a whole one, telling me that you slip in and out of trips for three
days. Now I don’t know if there ever was such a thing as three-day acid or not,
since nobody I’ve ever talked to has ever heard of them. He offered me a piece
of one and grabbed a razor blade and cut one in thirds and gave me a third of a
tablet about the size of a saccharin tablet. I looked at it and said “I don’t
see how something this small can do very much”, he just smiled and said
“remember whatever you see, just relax and enjoy it”.
I placed the tablet on a table next to my
bunk and headed off to the showers to get ready to go out. I was always willing
and had no fear at that time of trying something new. Even though I had only
smoked grass, I figured it would be something like the high from that and
didn’t give it a second thought.
After the shower, I went back to my room
and took the acid, got dressed in some tight jeans (as usual) and a t-shirt and
headed out to catch the last bus into town. I never took the bus before and
still not wanting people to know where I was going I asked the driver which way
he was going into town, “down Speedway to Stone and straight into downtown”, he
told me. That was great, I could just get off a block before the bar and nobody
would see where I was going.
I don’t remember anything from that bus
ride, except at the end of the line when the bus driver was shaking me as I was
staring out the window, asking if I was alright. “Uhh Yeah, where are we?”, I
asked. “End of the line, downtown” he said. We were still on Stone Street but a
lot further than the bar. “OK”, I replied and got off the bus. The bus driver
mumbled something about hippies, but I didn’t care I just had to find my way
back to Jim’s Bar.
After a long walk down Stone St. which
seemed to take days but was in actuality about 10 or 12 blocks, along which I
think I stopped and stared in every store window and was amazed at the things I
was seeing. Things were changing colors, shapes and some stuff just looking
like it was melting. Well if you never tried acid you might not understand but
to me that day it was the most fantastic thing I’d come across. I am not
endorsing anyone taking it as I would have then, from what I hear the stuff
they sell now is laced with so many chemicals you never know what your taking.
Then it was pure, and I was stupid.
I finally made it to the bar and saw my
friend Franks motorcycle out front and was happy to see that someone else my
age was going to be there, the older guys that were usually there early didn’t
approve of me being stoned. I walked in and spotted frank doing his usual loud
camp routine with the guys at the bar and just walked up to him quietly and
stared at him. He looked at my eyes and said “my god girl, your pupils are like
basketballs” I just laughed and told him what happened. Well, Frank was not
into drugs at all but just told me that I had better be careful of what I was
experimenting with. He also told me that if I needed to that I could go to his
apartment, which was only one block from the bar. After that he just teased me
about being so stoned, as I was finding better things to do like watching the
jukebox change colors and noticing things about the black light posters that I
had never noticed before. As usual the after work guys bought me a few cokes
and that kept my mouth from the worst dryness I had ever experienced.
Frank was leaving and asked me to come
outside with him for a minute. I followed him outside and he then became very
serious and told me again to be careful and to use his apartment if I had to
get away from the bar. He wasn’t going home but I knew where the key was
hidden. Just about then I noticed a Native American boy sitting on the curb across
the street watching us. I mentioned him to Frank and he looked and said “much
to young for me but looks perfect for you, maybe you should check him out and
you can use the spare bed if you want.
It seemed to be a strange place for a young
boy to be sitting, there was nothing across the street from the bar but a
parking lot and there were no cars in it, so after frank rode off I walked over
and started talking to him. He was 16, three years younger than myself and was
from a reservation outside of Tucson. It was the first time I ever met a Native
American and was very attracted to him. He had shoulder length jet black hair
and a beautiful smile that seemed extra white against his tan complexion, and
very dark eyes, almost black. Wearing hip-hugger bellbottom jeans and an open
shirt exposing his very smooth well toned chest and stomach. I wasn’t sure if
he was gay or not, but asked him why he was sitting there all alone. He told me
that he met a guy the last time he came into town and the guy went into that
bar while he waited outside for him and that he had a good time with him that
day and was waiting to see if he would see him again. This happened about six
months prior and I told him that there were only two guys and the bartender in
there. I then asked him if he knew it was a Gay Bar, to which he answered
“yes”. Great, I thought, now I can make my move. I think that the acid was
really hindering me now. I wanted
to make a move but just kept making small talk about senseless things. He
started to laugh and I asked what was funny, starting to laugh myself. “You’re
stoned”, he said. I didn’t think he had noticed but said he knew as soon as I
came over that I was messed up. “Yeah”, I replied, but didn’t tell him on what,
not knowing what his feelings were on drugs. “When do you have to go back
home?”, I asked. He told me that he had to be back that day and could only stay
until the last bus back, which was in about 3 hours. “Want to go over to my
friend’s apartment?” I asked him. He asked where and I pointed to it just up
the street and he jumped up from the curb and said “Yes!”, as if very eager. I
got up and off we headed up the street.
He told me that he doesn’t know anyone Gay
on the reservation and that he hasn’t had any fun since the last time he was
here, which for me 6 months without it would have seemed like an eternity. We
arrived at the apartment, which was an efficiency apartment. It had two chairs
with a tv in the middle and two twin beds. I headed over to the one that I knew
Frank didn’t use and sat down. He immediately came over to me and started
kissing me, and pushing me back on the bed. This kid is wild, I was thinking,
he has got to be the horniest little fucker that I had been with. He got on top
of me and kept kissing me, and dry humping me. I reached down and could feel
his hardon through his pants and grabbed and was rubbing it. Although I was
very turned on by him, I wasn’t getting hard. “Fucking acid”, I thought, nobody
told me about this! Even though I was only getting semi-hard, I was still very
into this boy and we started ripping each other’s clothes off. It was late
afternoon and the curtains were pulled shut and just a little light filtered in
making him look more beautiful than outside, I was mesmerized by his pretty
face. He kept trying to kiss me while forcing my legs open and humping his cock
between them. He reached down and grabbed my cock and asked why it was not
hard. I said it must be the drugs and he just went back to kissing me hard and
deep. I was only worried that he seemed to be spreading my legs and in a
position where I thought he wanted to fuck me and I had this thing about not
letting anyone fuck me unless I loved them. Well, that was not what he was
trying to do, he slid down me licking every inch of my chest and stomach and
went back and stuck his tongue in my armpit, which no one had done before.
“Yech”, he pulled back, “deodorant”!, “Could you wash it off”, “yes”, I said
and went into the bathroom and washed it off and came back to the bed. He
immediately pushed my arms up over my head and started licking my armpits, I am
very ticklish there but it didn’t tickle, instead it sent shivers of delight
through my whole body. I don’t know who it was who taught this kid this stuff
but I was loving it. He went down from there licking my sides and across my
stomach, tonguing my navel on the way down to my pubic area where he licked all
through the hairs and around my balls then sucking on my balls when finally my
cock started to rise, “haliluja”, I thought, “its going to work”. He started
sucking on my cock like he was never going to have another one. I was in ecstasy
between the sex and the drugs it was like being in another world. Im glad that
my roommate only gave me a little piece of the acid tab, I cant imagine if I
had taken the whole thing, I probably wouldn’t have had the facilities to be
here right now. He was spreading my legs with his knees as he was licking and
sucking on my balls and I was fighting to keep them together, sort of my way of
saying no to that. He then asked “please turn over”, I told him I didn’t want
to get fucked, “I’m not going to fuck you”, he said, and at that I turned over.
He got on my back turning my head to kiss
him then with little circles he went across my cheeks to the back of my neck
sending shivers up and down my back. I was paralyzed as he made little licks
and circles down my spine to the top of the crack of my ass. He pulled my ass
cheeks apart and it seemed like a pause then he started blowing air at my open
ass. He started at the top of my crack and ran his tongue all the way down,
just lightly touching the hole until he was licking the back of my balls. I
pushed my ass up for more, the sensations were overtaking me and I didn’t want
him to stop. He did that about three or four more times and then plunged his
tongue up my asshole, a tongue that felt like the longest, widest tongue I had
ever felt up there. He was probing and sucking with it and then he put in a
finger and worked it around and started licking and sucking on my hole again.
He kept doing that, driving me up a wall. All of a sudden, probably from the
tongue going in and out and the finger I felt a terrible feeling like I was
going to explode with all the air that was being forced up there. I jumped from
the bed and ran into the bathroom, turning on the water and flushing the toilet
at the same time to muffle any noise that he might hear, feeling terribly
embarrassed. I never had an attack of gas during sex before. I came back out
and laid on my back and apologized. He didn’t say a word just turned me over
and started again. Needless to say he had me rock hard. Then he said “don’t
cum, ok”? “I wont”, I answered not even knowing if I could. He said he wanted
to eat my ass a lot more first. I was not going to stop him :)
He must have eaten my ass for a half hour
before he turned me over and started sucking on my balls and cock again, and
that’s when I found out that I could cum. I started to get the feeling and told
him I was almost ready to cum. He started sucking harder. I reached for his
shoulders and spread my legs more in an effort to get deeper in his mouth and
all of a sudden the build up of juices started to flow and I was cumming in his
mouth for what seemed like the most I had ever cum before in my life. He sucked
it all up every drop and swallowed it and I had to pull his head off of my cock
as I was thrashing from it being so sensitive after cumming. He then got on top
of me and moved up to my face with his crotch and I started sucking on his
balls. He was being so aggressive in what he wanted to do that it was really
the first time I had gotten near them since we started. While sucking on his
balls I reached for his cock and it felt different it was hard but the skin
felt different, I looked at it and he was un-circumcised. This was the first
one for me! I was now like a kid with a new toy sliding his foreskin back and
forth over the head and licking the head every time it was exposed. Then I slid
the foreskin all the way over the head and stuck the tip of my tongue under it
and licked all around the head while holding the foreskin over it. This seemed
to drive him up a wall. I then slid down so my head was between his legs and
pulled him down so he was sitting on my face and stuck my tongue up his sweet,
hairless butthole. He loved it and pushed his ass harder against my face as I
licked and fingered his beautiful tight hole. I would have loved to fuck it but
kept on licking until he pulled away and pushed his cock towards my mouth. I
pushed the foreskin back and forth with my lips while licking the head of his
dark tan cock that was throbbing and getting harder by the second. I reached
for his balls and gently rubbed them and felt them pull up and he started
pumping 6 months of cum in my mouth, which I eagerly sucked up and let it fill
my mouth. His cum tasted so good I wanted to savour it before swallowing it. He
pulled his cock from my mouth and came closer to kiss again. I motioned to him
with my finger and then swallowed his load that I was holding in my mouth, not
wanting to let it go. We kissed and then held each other laying there when I
noticed the clock and asked what time he had to catch his bus, he looked at the
clock and said that he had to go now or he would miss it. We got dressed and
headed to the corner to catch his bus and I waited with him until it came. I
put my arm around him and shook his hand (public hugs were not accepted yet),
and watched as the bus drove away.
I never saw him again and always wondered
what happened to him. I would have loved to spend a lot more time with him and
have wanted to be with another Native American ever since, but never have.
I headed back to Frank’s to take a shower
and head off to the bar for the night, after all it was Saturday night and the
night was still young, and for that matter so was I.
To Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 3)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 7 Tom &
Roger
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
A lot has happened in the first few months
of "coming out", but there is a lot more. Usually when I tell people
of things in the past that happened to me they think that I have been through a
lot or have been many places. I guess I have but it probably seems more
interesting to someone else.
As always I headed out to the bar early
after work on Friday, I used to like to make a few stops on the way like Himmel
park, where I might be able to meet someone for a quicky before going to the
bar or just for the fun of hitchhiking and meeting people that way. I didn't
really know it but Speedway Blvd was known for people that cruised for
hitchhikers. I usually started at the airbase end and it wasn't as prevalent
there. Looking for hitchhikers usually happened around the University end.
Well this day no one seemed to be in the
park, so after waiting around for a little while I started on the rest of the
trip to Jim's Bar. It was still daylight when I got there (as usual), and it
was the regular after work group of people there. Nobody that I would consider
going with but friendly people that I had a few laughs with when they were in
the bar. Most times I wouldn't have to pay for my cokes and got a lot of
practice in playing pool before the bar filled up.
Although it was now turning to winter in
Arizona, I hardly noticed the change but it was getting close to the holidays.
My first Thanksgiving away from home and the turkey that I had was served up in
the chow hall, not that it was all bad I liked chow hall food, but, it was not
home. Well I wasn't going to let the holidays depress me, I figured that I
would just spend them here alone. That night I ran into an unexpected person at
the bar, it was Tom, from the pool party in the foothills during the summer.
I got a tap on the shoulder and turned
around thinking it was someone I knew, and what a surprise, I had thought about
him a few times since we met but really never expected to see him again since
Keith said that he didn't go to the bars. "Hi Tom", I blurted out and
gave him a hug. "I was wondering if you would remember me", he
answered. Well it seems that every-so-often Tom goes on a quest to find someone
to have a three way with him and Roger. Good choice, sending Tom, the better
looking of the two. Not that Roger was any slouch, he was about the same height
and build as Tom, and blonde but his face didn’t have that chiseled perfection
that Tom's had. Tom told me why he was out that night and I didn't want to seem
anxious to be the one, so I just smiled and told him I hope he found something.
"How about you?", he asked, "me?", I said. He laughed and
said "Yes, you, I'll give you a ride back to the base tomorrow morning, or
if you don't have to be right back, you could spend the day with us". I
guess I don't have to tell you, what my answer was. Tom made a call to Roger
and off we went.
We arrived at Tom and Roger's house an
average size ranch type house in Tucson and I guess it shocked me to see a
Christmas Tree in the living room. I don't know why, maybe because of the
weather seeming like summer to me or maybe because I sort of blocked holiday
images out of my mind because it was my first one that I was going to spend alone.
I stopped and stared at it, my eyes welling up with tears. Tom turned around
and looked at me and I think realized what was going on. "First one away
from home?" he asked. I just shook my head yes and turned away from it and
forced a smile and said "Let's not talk about it and have a good
time". Right about then Roger came into the living room, looking real nice
in a pair of Levi's and a t-shirt. "Hi Roger", I said. He said
"Hi!" like he was genuinely happy to see me and gave me a hug and
kiss. "I have the bedroom all ready for you" he said. "Why don't
you make us some drinks and we can sit for a minute on the couch first",
Tom requested. "Ok", Roger said as he disappeared into what I assumed
was the kitchen.
We went over and sat on the couch, I strategically
placed myself in the middle of the couch. I really liked being the third person
in a three way and loved getting the attention of two guys at once. Tom sat
next to me and reached for a gold cigarette box on the coffee table. He opened
it and offered one to me. I looked in the box as I reached forward expecting a
cigarette and to my surprise they were not cigarettes, but rather a whole box
of joints all pre-rolled. "Thanks!" I said and took one, I lit it,
inhaled deeply and went to pass it to Tom, but by now he was lighting another
one. He smiled and said "There is enough to go around you don't have to
pass it" Roger came back in the room with three glasses that looked like
he had gotten us three glasses of gingerale. I took one and tasted it, strange
taste, "what is it" I asked, "just a white wine, would you
prefer something else?" he replied. "No, this is good" I
answered. My first taste of wine, I really didn't like the first taste, but as
I sipped it tasted better and ended up having another. We all smoked a whole
joint each and then all of a sudden I noticed we were all just sitting there
quiet, not talking just off on our own little mental trips. Tom took my hand, I
didn't even notice him standing up "come on", he said. I looked around
and said "where is Roger?", "he is in the bedroom waiting for
us", Tom laughed. "Whoa, I'm fucked up", I said, Tom just
laughed and we stumbled off into the bedroom.
We got into the bedroom and Roger had lit
candles around the room, giving just enough light to see but still leaving it
dark, the air in the room was filled with the smell of incense, like one of the
head shops downtown. Incase any of you don't know what a head shop is, it was
before it was illegal to sell drug paraphanalia, there were hippy shops that
sold huka's, roach clips, papers, and other assorted hippy items. Tom turned me
around and pushed me on the bed, I landed and looked up to see the two of them
undressing and just watched as they slowly (or so it seemed) took off
everything. Tom was very smooth, tan and toned, except for a few hairs on his
chest right in the middle. He also was the larger of the two. Roger was tanned
and very smooth not quite as toned as Tom but slim and not hard on the eyes at
all. Roger lifted my t-shirt over my head as Tom was taking off my boots and
jeans. He unzipped my jeans and I popped up to attention. He started licking
the length of my shaft as he was pulling down my jeans then followed the jeans
down with his tongue over my thighs and calves, then when they were off he made
his way back up. Roger was kneeing on the bed with my head between his thighs.
I tilted my head back and started licking and sucking on his balls. He then
leaned over me in 69 position and started sucking on me as Tom was licking
around and under my balls. The thing that I liked about smoking first is that I
was able to withstand this for a longer period, without it I would probably be
about ready to shoot by now. My head was buzzing from the grass and sex, when
all of a sudden I felt lube being put on my cock, I knew what was going to
happen next, just wondered who it was for, but I didn’t care, I just let it
happen. Before I knew it Tom had my cock up his ass and was kissing Roger,
while Roger had his cock in my mouth. Tom was riding me very slowly, all the
way in and then almost all the way out, I was hoping that he didn't mis-judge
and let it pop out. I just slowly licked and sucked on Roger, tasting his
pre-cum and then licking his balls and ass while more built up. I couldn’t hold
it back anymore and a gusher shoot into Toms hot and hard ass. I was
disappointed that I didn’t last longer but then it was only the first cum shot.
I knew I had more! They changed positions over me and Roger was now pushing my
still hard dick into his saliva filled hole, while Tom put his cock to my
mouth. Now here is the one that I really wanted. Tom bent forward and started
sucking Roger as I fucked him. The feeling was starting up again and also in
Tom as he shot a huge load down my throat still sucking on Roger, at about the
same time I unloaded again into Roger, who rode me a little rougher than Tom,
but maybe that helped me to the second time. I started to go limp and it popped
out of Rogers tight hole, he then moved up closer and started kissing Tom again
and I took advantage of his hard cock throbbing in my face and slid my mouth on
it trying to get it in as far as I could when all of a sudden I felt it get
harder and Roger gave out a moan and shot his load down my waiting throat. The
both laid down one on either side of me and we kissed for a few mins, both of
them taking turns kissing me and then we fell asleep me still in the same
position I started in and one of them with his arm around me and the other
holding my soft dick in his hand.
I woke up late that morning and was alone
in the bed. I could hear Tom and Roger in the kitchen talking and the noise of
coffee cups being stirred. I got up slipped on my pants and went out there. The
both greeted me with a "good morning", with evil grins on their
faces. Tom told me that there was an extra robe in the bedroom for me and that
I could take a shower and clean up while he got me some breakfast. I'm not much
of a talker before coffee so I just said "OK" and started looking for
the robe, no I'm not evil in the morning just don't talk much and stumble
around. I headed into the shower and was immediately joined by Roger.
"Toms the cook in this family, so I figured I would help you, is that
ok?" "Sure!, I perked up and smiled. "Ok, then why don't you
just relax and I'll wash you". I did as I was told and just stood there
while he soaped me all over with a little extra attention to my hardening cock.
He kissed me deeply while soaping my cock back and forth until I started to
feel the cum welling in my balls. "I'm going to cum if you don’t stop
that" I said. "Just let it happen", he replied and kept going. I
threw my head back and it started to shoot out all over Roger who rubbed it
around on his stomach a little and then let it rinse off in the shower. "What
about you?" I asked, "don’t worry about me I had mine in the shower
with Tom this morning as he started to turn off the water and handed me a
towel. "See you in the kitchen", he said. I just stood there and
watched as he dried off and put on his robe again, sighed and dried off and
left to meet them in the kitchen.
I sat at the table and sipped the coffee
provided for me and just sat back and said "You guys are really
great!", They told me that they had talked about having a three way with
me ever since we met at the pool, but just never got out to actually do it,
which was funny since I had thought about them too, mostly Tom. I told them
that I would come over anytime they wanted. Tom smiled and said "well I
know were to find you now". Noticing how pale I was compared to them they
asked if I wanted to lay out on the roof with them and get some sun. I told
them I had nothing to wear and Roger said that I could use a pair of his
speedo's. Well four hours and a lot of talking later, Tom looked at me and said
"oh my god you're going to be burnt, we had better stop" I looked
down at my chest and was still white with some blotches of red but it didn’t
seem to me that the sun was doing much. Tom told me to go into the shower and
rinse off in cool water. I did it and turned beet red, except the small spot
occupied by the speedo. "Does it hurt" he asked, I just shrugged and
said "no" he said that I looked better with some color but that I was
going to be sore tonight. I have had bad burns before and was really used to it
so it didn’t bother me.
As Tom promised he offered me a ride back
to the base, which I took, and on the way told me that he had talked to Roger
about when I first saw the Christmas tree, and he and Roger agreed that if I
wanted to spend Christmas eve and day with them it was ok. I reached over and
grabbed his hand and squeezed it. My eyes filled up again. He gave me a piece
of paper with his number on it as he dropped me off at my barracks and told me
to call and let them know about Christmas, I thanked him and told him I would
and headed into the barracks.
I went into my room and stripped off my
clothes and laid on my bunk with just a pair of Air Force issue white boxers. I
had fallen asleep and was awakened by my roommate coming in. "Holy
Shit" he said, "what happened to you?" "Just got a little
sun", I answered. "A little?, you're so colorful, I'd love to see you
on acid", he laughed. "Speaking of acid (LSD)", I said,
"what's it like?"
To Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 4)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 6 Phoenix and
The Ice Capades
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
I wanted to get back to Phoenix and
hopefully run into Brian again. I waited until the next weekend and right after
work I hitchhiked to Phoenix. It didn't take very long to get there, after all
one good ride and you can be there in an hour and a half. I'm not sure how long
it took me but I know that I left shortly after work and got there early enough
to get a room at the 'Y' with plenty of time to get to the bar.
I got ready and left for the bar, It was
packed, as usual for a Friday night. I was not really interested in who was
there though. I only looked for one person, the one that made me feel so
special the week before. The one that drove me to hitchhike 110 miles to see
him again and spend all the money I had to get a room, when I didn't even know
if I would see him again. As I sat and stared at the door watching everyone
that came in and avoiding conversations with anyone, my heart sunk deeper and
deeper as he didn't show. It was now after midnight and I knew he wouldn't be
coming in. There was no place else that he could have gone he was younger than
I was and so this was the only place.
I waited another hour and then headed back
to the 'Y', there was no sense sitting there listening to pounding music and
watching the door. When I got back to the 'Y', I walked to my room and noticed
that everyone leaves their door open here. Something I didn't notice the week
before. I headed for the shower, empty just like the week before, until I
turned on the water. In they came, in all shapes and ages. I just finished my shower
wrapped the towel around me and headed back to my room. I got into the room and
sat on the side of my bed for a second. My door was ajar and there was a knock
at it. I went to the door and was pleased at the young man that was standing
there in his towel. I recognized him from the shower, where I just left. I
opened the door and said "Hi", "Hi", he replied, "mind
if I come in?" Well, this didn't happen before, maybe because there was
two of us and we never left the door ajar. "Sure", I said "come
on in", we talked for a few minuets when I found out that he was an Ice
Skater for the Western division of the Ice Capades, and that all the men in the
show were staying at the "Y", who would've thought!
I guess I found it so interesting that I
had met, to me, a celebrity or more of a celebrity than I had ever met before,
that Brian sort of drifted out of mind for the time being. Or maybe it was
teenage infatuation with Brian after all because when he pulled me close to him
and kissed me there were no thoughts of anyone else. He had a very toned body,
probably from all that skating and wrapped in only a towel he looked great to
me. I slipped one hand up his towel, while kissing him, that was starting to
rise away from his body as mine was. He laid me back on the small, cot sized
"Y" bed and we kissed and fondled each other as the towels loosened
and fell from our bodies. He lifted up and knelt with knees on both sides of my
chest and rubbed his cock on my face as I tried to lick it. I opened my mouth and
he slipped it in as I licked the glistening drop of pre-cum from the head and
took it as far as I could into my mouth. He slowly pumped it in and out and
stared as if he loved watching his cock go in and out of my mouth. I couldn't
keep my eyes off his stomach muscles, as they bulged and receded with each
pump. All of a sudden he pulled out and grabbed his cock with a death grip,
through his head back and said "God stopped it just in time, I don't want
to cum yet!" This was fine with me as I didn't get started yet. He slid
down my chest licking and sucking on my nipples then following a straight trail
to my pubic hair and cock. He took me in his mouth and I was back in heaven
again. I reached down and ran my hands over his hard shoulders and back and
then attempted to turn sidewards without him stopping. He saw that I wanted to
suck him again and without taking my cock from his mouth, turned his body and
knelt over me in a 69 position with his cock and balls dangling over my face.
Since he had already reached the point of almost no return once, I went for the
balls, sucking them one at a time into my mouth then both, then underneath them
burying my face in his ass. I started to feel my own juices start to flow and
took his cock into my mouth, we both went into spasms his cock got harder in my
mouth and I knew it was going to shoot, and so was I. I always try to shoot at
the same time when doing this but I was starting and he was only seeming like
he was going to. I shot into his mouth, he pushed my cock in deeper and sucked
it for all it was worth getting every last drop, when all of a sudden my mouth
filled with cum, I reached around and inserted a tip of my finger into his ass
to increase his feeling, he let my cock fall from his mouth and just hugged me
tight burying his face in my crotch and moaning.
We sat quiet for a moment, I lit a
cigarette and offered him one, "thanks", he said and we sat and had
the proverbial after sex smoke. I thought how this felt different, I enjoyed
the sex and really liked the way he was built, but I'm not falling in love.
Could it be that I still loved Brian? Did I love Brian? I was confused.
"What are your plans for the rest of the night?", he asked,
"Just to keep you here and have as much sex as possible", I answered.
He smiled and said "Well you got yourself a roommate then". We did it
again after a while and then again in the morning, each time as good as the
last.
He had to leave in the morning for practice
and said that there was a show that night but he would be back after the show
and that he and the rest of the guys were going out and invited me to go with
him. I was going there anyway, just didn't mention that to him, or why, and
accepted. I don't remember what I did that day, probably slept a lot from being
up most of the night. But he did show up after his show and said that he was
going to take a shower and then head to the Act III. I grabbed my towel and
started to get ready too. I got to the showers and there were 6 or 7 guys with
him all built great and all talking about the show. He introduced me and told
them that I would be going with them to the bar. What?, are all the guys in the
Ice Capades gay?, I thought. Well with some of the looks I got when being
introduced, I could pretty safely assume that they were.
The rest of the weekend went pretty much
the same, I didn't see Brian and spent it up all night and sleeping all day
until Sunday and headed back for Tucson. Now I didn't mention the Skater's name
and I won't mention anyone's name that might be recognized in this story, there
are a few that I will hint at, and you will probably know who I mean, but my
intent is not to tell their story but rather mine, and don't feel I have the
right to mention anybody that might not want to be mentioned.
To Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 5)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 5 Phoenix
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
As promised Dick came through with a trip to
Phoenix. Although it was not as I thought. Dick let me know that he was going
home for a weekend and asked If I wanted to go to Phoenix for the weekend. I
was anxious to see another city, and since he had made it sound so good I had
been fantasizing about how good it would be.
The trip to Phoenix was 110 miles, 110
miles of desert with not very much between the two cities. We got into Dicks El
Camino and headed out. I thought along the way about spending the weekend with
Dick, in a platonic sort of way, with him showing me around and well, at least
having transportation from one place to another. He never mentioned that it was
not his intent to do that, his intent was to drop me off and pick me up on
Sunday afternoon on his way back.
Dick was not sure if the bars in Phoenix
would be as liberal in letting me in since I was underage, I am now 19, my
nineteenth birthday had come about one month after I had arrived in Tucson. He
told me of a bar that did not serve liquor, but instead had a juice bar and a big
dance floor. He said that most of the kids go there that cant get into the
bars. I thought that sounded like a good idea, but still the thought of dancing
with another male bothered me. There was dancing at Jim's in Tucson, but I had
always declined any offers to dance. Probably because I felt that I wasn't good
enough, but mostly because I couldn't picture myself dancing with another guy.
Dick pulled into a parking lot with a row
of stores and right in the middle was a storefront with no windows and over the
door it said "Act III". "Here we are", he said. He didn't
shut off the car, and I wondered why and asked "well, are you coming in
too?", "No", he said, "I have to get going to my parents
and I'll pick you up on Sunday". A feeling of nervousness came over me, I
didn't know anyone in Phoenix and now he was just going to leave me here, not
knowing my way around and right now feeling very alone. "It'll be
O.K.", he said, "you will meet someone and find a place to stay, but
if you don't, the Y.M.C.A. is a lot of fun." He drew me a map of how to
get to the "Y", just in case I had to find a room, and also told me
that he would meet me at a bar near there that he liked called "The 311 or
307" not quite sure what the name was now.
I grabbed my small suitcase and headed for
the door, now there's something you don't see everyday, a kid coming to a bar
already packed to go. I felt foolish standing at the door with my suitcase in
hand and didn't know if I should go in or just go to the "Y" and get
a room to unload it, (the suitcase that is). Against all better judgment, I
went in. It was a Friday night about 7:00 p.m. and I opened the door, to the
sounds of people talking. All the lights were on and there were three guys
sitting at a table near the refreshment bar in the back. One came over to me
and said, "We are not open yet, we open at 10:00, but your welcome to sit
and wait if you want". I decided to wait, since I didn't bring a lot of
money with me and if I could meet someone and save on the cost of a room, then
It would mean more for having fun.
I sat off to the side, the bar was
different than any bars that I had seen so far. There was a stage in the front
that went the whole length of the front of the bar except for where the
entrance was, a large dance floor and all around the dance floor were row seats
like in a movie theater, all attached to each other. The bar seemed to be
clearly just a dance bar, where people either danced or watched people dance. I
guess that was going to be my role, a dance watcher. I noticed that the guy who
told me that the bar was not open yet, was also watching me as he talked to the
other two. Finally he asked if I wanted a coke or something, while I was
waiting. "Yes, sure", I answered. He brought me a coke and sat down
with me. I found out that this bar was owned by Jim and George who owned Jim's
in Tucson. He also said that it would be wall to wall people when it opens at
10:00, since some of the bars in Phoenix are particular about age, the kids
under 21 come here, many from Arizona State University.
I started telling him about how I came to
Phoenix with a friend, but didn't know that I was being dropped off, which was
the reason for the suitcase. He laughed and said that I could put it on the
stage behind the curtain, and no one would bother it. "Did you just get
into town now?", he asked, "yes", I replied, "so you
haven't had a chance to freshen up", he added. I told him that I took a
shower before I left but the ride had made me feel a little sweaty and said
maybe I should go freshen up in the men's room before anyone got here.
"I've got a better idea, I live out in back, and you could shower and
change there if you want", he said, "thanks, O.K.", I said happy
to know that at least I was going to feel clean when people got there.
We headed to his apartment which was out
back and about a block down. When we got there he offered me a beer. It was hot
so I took it, and sat to drink it before showering. He disappeared into the
other room and came back with a towel for me and said that when I finished the
beer I could just jump into the shower. "You should leave the door open,
so the steam wont build up to bad", he said. I did as he said and gave him
the empty bottle and headed off to the shower. I thought that him saying to
leave the door open was so he could watch, so I tried everything I could to
stay out of sight. I went into the bathroom and shut and locked the door and
used the facilities, and then undressed and wrapped the towel around me and
opened the door again. I went over to the shower and got in and closed the
curtain, then took off the towel and started the water. I thought I had a
perfect plan, never was I naked in front of him. I don't mind being naked in
front of people but I thought he was playing a game and It was my duty to win.
I didn't. Almost as soon as the water was started, the curtain was pushed aside
and there he stood naked as a jay bird asking if he could join me since he had
to get ready for the night too. Yeah right. I moved aside and let him come in
too, and almost immediately he started soaping me down. Strange way to get
ready, wash someone else. He was very good, he had a very gentle and messaging
touch. He turned my back to the wall and started rubbing the hot soapy water
all over my cock and balls and reaching through to wash my ass. I just leaned
back and closed my eyes and let it happen. The feeling was so good, my cock now
was pulsating as he slowly stroked it with his soapy hand while letting the
other gently rubbing my balls and butt hole. As the soap washed away, he got
down on his knees in the shower and replaced his hand with his mouth, my cock
filled his mouth and my balls filled his hands, it felt so good. He started
down on my balls while slowly stroking my cock, sucking in each one separately
and then underneath and licking my ass, I spread my legs and slid down on the
wall a little to give him more access. As he rimmed me and stroked me I could
feel the churning in my balls as I got ready to shoot its hot load. He stopped
rimming me and put a finger in my ass moving it in and out slowly as he went
down on my cock again. There was not stopping it, cum was making its explosive
exit from me to him. I always loved the first blow job of the weekend, there
seemed to be so much cum built up even though during the week I took matters in
hand. He pushed my cock in his mouth so as I looked down, I could only see his
face buried in my pubic hairs and while he kept his head still and I pumped a
hot load down his throat. He stood up and gave me a quick kiss and then got out
of the shower, "that was strange", I thought, although I was
relieved, he wasn't someone that I would see in a bar and think "I gotta
have that", he was probably late 30's or possibly early 40's. He told me
when I got out of the shower, that one of the guys that was sitting in the bar
with him was his lover, but they had an open relationship and are free to go
with anyone they want, another blow to the sanctity of gay marriage. We both
got dressed and sat and talked for a while having another beer. The second one
was starting to loosen me up a bit. Guess I should start thinking about eating
something besides cock on weekends. We finished the beers and it was a little
after 10:00. "The bar should be full by now", he said, "ready to
head back?" "Yes", I said. He took me in the back door so I
wouldn't have to pay the cover and I put my suitcase back behind the curtain.
The bar was pretty full when we got back,
seems that a line starts forming around 9:30, since it allows in the people
that would be rejected for age in other places and was only open Friday-Sunday
nights. I stood near the dance floor watching when I caught sight of this guy
dancing. I couldn't keep my eyes off him, he was dressed in white pants and a
dress shirt, which was unbuttoned and hanging out, exposing a very smooth
chest. His name was Brian, but he didnt seem to notice me watching him, he just
kept dancing, I never even caught one glance from him. He danced a few dances
and then headed off to the bar to get a coke or something. I figured since he
didn't look back he wasn't interested and started to look for someone else to
cruise. I was checking out the dance floor and Brian tapped me on the shoulder
and asked me to dance. Arrggg, I didn't dance. "I don't really know how to
dance", I said, "O.K., would you like to sit and talk, I could use a
rest anyway?", he asked. We went to the back row of seats and sat down and
started talking, he was from a small town in Arizona and came in for the
weekend with some friends. He was 17 and didn't have a lover. HOORAY!!, a
single guy. To this day, every time I hear "Hooked On A Feeling" I
think of him, when I first saw him dancing to it in his white bellbottoms and
white shirt.
We sat there for a while talking and our
knees touched and there was electricity, yeah I got that "had to have him
feeling". I must have looked like one of those kids on a first date in a
movie theater, trying to figure a way to touch him. Finally, I just put my hand
on his leg and he leaned and kissed me, which led to another and another,
letting our tongues intertwine and search each others mouth as if we were going
to find a new place in there. We were both pretty aroused and I asked him how
long the bar stayed open. "I think it was open until about 3, but not sure",
he replied. Well it was only midnight and I was ready to leave, with Brian of
course. I asked him where he was staying, and he told me a motel and also that
he was with three friends and that the four of them were sharing two beds. This
wouldn't work, I was going to have to get a room. "Would you want to spend
the night with me?", I asked, he kissed me again and just smiled and said
"yes".
We left the bar and got a cab,
"Y.M.C.A", I told the driver. Brian looked at me and laughed and
said, "Is that were your staying?", "Not yet", I replied,
"but we will be". Now I never stayed in a "Y" before so I
didn't know that there was only one person to a room. Good thing Brian did, and
that he had been here before, to pull this off. I went up to the desk and got a
room while Brian went into the men's room, he came out of the men's room while
the guy was taking care of me and didn't notice him go around the corner. The
guy got finished checking me in and pointed in the direction of where Brian had
disappeared. I walked around the corner and Brian was standing there out of
sight. A buzzer went off and we both went through the door to go to the room.
"Wont they catch you when you leave?", I asked, "No, they only
check people coming in", he replied.
Brian and I arrived at the room and I,
never having stayed at a "Y" before couldn't believe how small the
room was. Just big enough for a small bed. I somehow had a picture in my mind
of a motel room. Brian asked, "want to see what's fun here?", "sure",
I replied. "O.K., since I'm all sweaty from dancing, lets go take a
shower", he said. Now wait, I'm just noticing that there isn't a shower in
the room, or even a bathroom. I followed his lead and we got undressed and
wrapped towels around us and headed off to the showers. The shower was a big
room with shower heads going all around it like in a school gym.
"Watch", he said as he turned on a shower and removed his towel and
got under, and I did the same. As soon as the water started and we were all
soaped up, guys started suddenly appearing in towels to take a shower. Soon
almost all the shower heads were being used. Seems that they wait to hear the
water running and then go hunting. We were through taking showers and headed
back to the room, "guess you can't get any privacy here", I said,
"I don't think people want it here", he replied.
Upon entering the room, I turned and locked
the door and when I turned around, Brian was lying on the bed naked with only
the light coming in through the window, he was beautiful. I took off my towel
and went over and got on top of him kissing him, pushing my tongue deep into
his mouth and then sucking the saliva off his when he put his in mine. We
kissed for a long time, it seemed, and I wasn't anxious to stop. Just kissing
this boy seemed so satisfying. He started pushing his hardened cock against
mine and I took it as a signal that he was ready to explore a little further
than kissing and I started licking his neck and slowly moving down his chest,
stopping to gently nibble and suck on each hairless nipple. I pushed his arms
up over his head and licked down the under side of one licking through his arm
pit and then over to the other, stopping at each nipple on the way. Then down
his side, he let out a gentle moan, and I knew he was being pleased. I had
almost wished that he hadn't taken a shower, but dismissed it and kept going
further and further down, running my tongue in little circles across his
stomach to his navel where I stopped to explore. He was very smooth, there
wasn't a trail of hair from his navel to his jewels, and I loved the smoothness
of him. I licked down in small circles to his pubic region and licked through
the hairs like a cat giving a good grooming. I then went around his cock, down
the side and buried my face deep beside his tightening balls. Heading down his
thigh I spread his legs and ran my tongue down his inner thigh, lifting his leg
up and coming back up the back of it from the back of his knees. I lifted his
other leg and pushed them to his chest, he gave no resistance. I licked his
balls, taking them in one at a time and gently sucking on them and then under
them. When I licked under his balls, his head started to thrash from side to
side and his hands went to my shoulders to pull me in deeper. I turned him over
and climbed on his back. I ran my tongue along his hairline, barely touching
him with it, this sent chills through him and he started to move his ass up and
down against my throbbing cock. I slid down and again ran little circles with
my tongue slowly down his back. I reached his ass with my tongue and slowly
went through it stopping to give him a rimming like I never gave anyone. He was
gyrating wildly pushing his ass trying to get me deeper. I spread his legs and
licked the back of his balls and then down one leg and back up the other. I
knelt up and turned him over, his cock was bouncing up and down throbbing and a
trail of pre-cum streamed to his belly and glistened in the light coming in
through the window. Now I go for the kill, something someone taught me that I
had only tried once before. I lifted his legs up and wet my cock with saliva
then slowly pushed it in his saliva moistened ass. I pulled him up so that he
was sitting on my cock with his legs wrapped around my waist and kissed him
deeply. I then pulled his torso as high in my lap as I could and laid him back.
With my cock inserted in his ass, I bent and took his pulsating cock in my
mouth. "OHHHHH", he let out. I slowly started a slow rhythm in and
out of his ass that felt like a fire pit it was so hot, and staying in rhythm
with that moved my mouth up and down on his cock. He started to shake and toss
his head about, and I felt his cock harden and lengthen in my mouth as mine did
the same in his ass, I started to shoot hot cum into his ass while he in turn
filled my mouth. This surely was the best sex I have had so far.
We woke at the crack of noon, and repeated
the whole scene from the night before, then headed for the showers. I took the
room for two nights, so we didn't have to be anyplace. Since we didn't want to
take to many chances on Brian getting caught in the room with me, he waited in
the room and I went out and got some Chinese take out. We ate and stayed in bed
all day until it was time to go out again. He said that he wanted me to dance with
him, and I explained that I didn't. He seemed a little bothered by it, but said
I probably would when it felt right.
We arrived at the bar again, and he met up
with his friends who laid into him about not calling all day, but that was over
quick and he was dancing with them and coming back over with me in-between
dances. Then he came over and told me that his friends were going back home
after they left the bar, instead of staying the night again and that he would
have to go with them. I didn't know what to say, tears actually came to my
eyes. I didn't want it to end. I asked him if he could talk them into staying
but he said that they had run out of money. I asked if there was another way,
he said not unless he took a bus back home. I offered to pay for the ticket and
he agreed, he lived right near Phoenix so it was just a couple of bucks, and I
would get to spend another night with him. His friends didn't like the idea of
him staying but went along with it. They left shortly after midnight and we did
the same and headed back to sneak in the "Y" again. Well it worked
again and we both spent a beautiful evening together again.
I was starting to feel that I didn't want
for this to end, when it came time for him to leave, this time both our eyes
filled up with tears and I knew he felt the same way. I gave him my address to
write to me, since he didn't get to come into Phoenix unless his friends did,
so he couldn't say when he would get back. When the bus drove away I really
felt as though I lost my best friend or worse. Tears came down my face and I
thought I would never see him again.
I went back to the "Y" and got my
stuff together and headed off to "The 311" to wait for Dick to take
me back to Tucson. I ended up getting there first and sat in a booth having a
coke and thinking about the weekend. Dick came in and brought a beer over to
the table and sat down. "What's the matter with you, your eyes are all
red?", he asked. I told him about the weekend, and he said, "you just
cant fall in love with every trick you have", very coldly. But I did fall
in love, or at least I thought I did.
To Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 6)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 4 New Friends
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
The week back at the base went by very
fast, it seemed like it was Friday already and still no letter. I wanted to go
out again thinking that I would see Keith at the bar and he would tell me he
mailed it or it got lost in the mail or something that would make me feel like
he wanted me too.
When work was over for the day, I took a
shower and while showering tried to remember where the bar was and how I would
get there. I remembered asking Ed where it was on the way there and was trying
to remember what he said. I think I knew how to get to Jim and Ed's house but
didn't think that I should show up there asking how to get to the bar to find
Keith. Then it came to me, he said it was on University off of Stone. Now if I
only knew where that was. I was afraid if I asked anyone they would know right
where I was going. What I needed was a map. I finished showering and got
dressed since Ed said I looked good in the white Levi's, I wore them again. I
guess I wasn't out long enough to realize that everybody would notice that I
had the same thing on again.
I headed out the gate of the base, it was
early, but I didn't know that, I had no idea that gay bars didn't get anyone in
them until later at night. First thing I had to do was find a map and went to a
gas station. They had a city map of Tucson and I went outside with it and sat
and looked up University. I couldn't seem to find it but I did find Stone. It
was at the end of Speedway Blvd., that was easy. I figured that I would worry
about getting to University when I got to Stone. Well after a few uneventful
rides, I got to Stone and didn't have to worry about looking for the bar, I
recognized where I was and the bar was just two blocks down, I could see the
parking lot from the corner. Strange, the lot was empty, I got a little worried
thinking the bar might be closed for some reason but headed toward it anyway.
I reached the door and felt my heart pound
as I reached for the handle to open it. I couldn't hear any music from inside
and there were no cars so I was not sure if it would open. Well the door
opened, to my relief, but it seemed pitch black in there. I walked in from the
sun to a dark bar and couldn't see a thing for a minute while my eyes adjusted.
I took a step and tripped on a chair and heard "Watch it honey, you'll
break something". My eyes were starting to adjust and there were no people
in there except Jimmy, the owner and another guy with a leather jacket and
scruffy looking jeans. The other guy turned out to be Jimmy's lover George.
George seemed very manly, while Jimmy, well he wasn't quite as gruff as he was
when I first saw him last week. In fact he seemed tiny, and a little feminine.
I walked over to the bar and Jimmy asked, "What can I get you?", I
told him a coke and sat at the end of the bar near them. "Want some
grenadine in it?", he asked. "What's that?", I asked him. He
told me that it was a non-alcoholic flavoring that some of the kids liked in
their coke or ginger ale. "Here, try it, if you don't like it you don't
have to pay", he said. I tasted it and hmmmm cherry coke, I liked it. I
went to give him some money for it and he said "that's OK first ones on
the house", I thanked him and asked when all the people would get here. He
told me that they would start to trickle in right after they had dinner, but
most would come in after 9:00. "You are anxious aren't you?", he
said. I just smiled and said that I was just wondering, and told him that I was
only here the one time. "Yes, I know", he said and added "In
Tucson, every new face is noticed". The three of us talked for a bit,
mostly them asking me questions, and Jimmy in a very feminine way, flirting. I
guess I wasn't getting much of a feeling that having a lover was anything
special or exclusive, It seems like everyone except Keith that has flirted with
me seems to have one. I just didn't know the difference between flirting and
really meaning it yet I guess.
After a while of talking, Jimmy and George
started getting the bar ready for the night and I headed to the Jukebox and put
in some quarters and then to the pool table and racked a game for myself. I
wasn't very good, but would become better as time went on. It was about 7:30
when people started coming in and one guy came over to the pool table and put a
quarter on the edge. I didn't know why he did that but figured that he wanted
to use it next so when I finished I started putting my stick on the rack.
"Don't want to play me?", he asked. "Sure", I said, he was
an older guy maybe late 20's but who knows I already found out that I was no
good at guessing ages. "I thought that you wanted the table when you put
your quarter on it", I said, "No, that means I wanted to play the
winner", he told me. He racked the balls and I waited for him to break,
"You can break now", he said, "oh, sorry I was waiting for
you". I broke and nothing went in, that was my last shot, he cleared the
table. "Next!!", he yelled and laughed. Well someone else already had
a quarter on the table, so I went back to the bar.
This time wasn't nearly as scary as the
previous weekend, I got up from the bar and went over to the table where Keith
sat when we met, thinking I would see him as soon as he came in. Well he didn't
come in that night, and I was forced to sleep with someone else. Actually,
people seemed very friendly to me, Jimmy came over to the table a few times and
gave me a drink and said this is from the guy over there, each time pointing to
a different guy. I sort of felt like a whore, and told Jimmy, but he said don't
worry about it, just raise your glass if you don't like them and say thanks, I
did what he said and they didn't seem to take it any further.
By 10:00 the bar was full, and guys were
coming over and introducing themselves to me. It was a good feeling, I had
spent so much of my life so far by myself that I was eating this up. Another
bartender came in and started working and after a little while, he came over
with another coke. "Wow", I said, "another one?", he looked
at me a little strange and then asked "have you been getting many?"
"Yes", I answered, "Jimmy has been bringing them all
night". He laughed and said "well Jimmy is married this ones from me,
can I come back in a little while?" "Sure", I answered. He
winked and walked away back to the bar.
I watched him behind the bar for the rest
of the night and every time my glass got empty he brought another, his name was
Bill and he was a 24 year old grad student at the University. He took me back
to his place that night, now sex with Bill wasn't that enjoyable, he had one
thing on his mind and that was fucking me and I spent most of the time pulling
him away when he got to close. But he did become one of my friends, sort of a
big brother, he would explain things to me and I learned a lot from him. I
think he realized that we were just not compatible sexually and although I did
sleep with him many times there were only feelings of friendship between us. He
liked talking about home, he was from Massachusetts and at the time I was from
Connecticut, so there was that New England bond between us.
The rest of the weekend went about the
same, I got braver and Bill was there to be with in the bar, I went home with
another guy on Saturday and Sunday. You have to remember I had a lot of energy
stored up in me, thinking that I would be different and alone all my life and
then to discover this whole life that I didn't know existed.
The next week I was in the bar, but now I
didn't sit by the door, I moved to the middle of the bar and sat with a table
full of people and meeting more each night I went back. I was sitting talking
and laughing and a black guy walked up to the table leaned over and said,
"are you stationed out at the base?" I think a feeling of horror came
over me, I thought that I had been caught, there was no such thing as
"don't ask, don't tell" then. "No", I said, he looked like
he didn't believe me and said, "funny I thought I saw you in the chow hall
this week". "Nope, not me", I said again. My heart was pounding,
I kept thinking of getting kicked out of the service and not knowing whether to
stay here or leave. Bill came over to the table and sat down and asked
"what's the matter, you look worried". I told him what happened and
he said that he would check on him and see what he was up to. Bill came back
and said, "don't worry, he is at the base too, he just was wondering if
you were". I was very relieved to hear that and thanked him and got up to
talk to the black guy. "Hi", I said and apologized for lying, I told
him that I hadn't been coming here for long and got scared, thinking I was
caught. He understood and we sat and talked for a while, his name was Roland
and he was from Milwaukee.
Another guy came in carrying a motorcycle
helmet, and had a definite swish, "he's from the base too, I've seen him
there", Roland said. He stood right in front of us at the bar and Roland
tapped him on the shoulder and asked. "Yes", he said and said that he
recognized us too, Frank was his name. From then on it was the three of us, all
of us so different in tastes, dress, and attitudes but never the less we formed
a friendship bond that lasted for years. Frank who was the oldest at 23, Roland
next at 20, and myself at 18, became sort of a little gay family together.
Frank referred to himself as Mother Frank, and Roland and I his two girls. I
didn't like that at first but what the hell, it was fun.
In the following months I met a small group
of guys that were stationed at the base, there was Greg, he was Italian, 23,
from Chicago. Now Greg was a seemingly confident guy, he had brown curly hair
and many considered him good looking. Greg was very nice to me, but always to
busy, if that makes any sense. Roland was attracted to Greg who had all the
characteristics that Roland liked except that he was a bit young for Roland. He
was slightly chubby, not fat but just a layer of chubbyness and very hairy.
Body hair was never one of my weaknesses, I always went for the smooth types.
Greg didn't like to date teenagers, so I was to young for him, but we did get
together once, although I think to satisfy his own curiosity. The one time that
he offered me a ride to the bar, when he found out that I had been hitchhiking
he told me to meet him at his barracks room. When I got there he was in a towel
getting ready. I went over and sat on his bed to wait, and when he was through
shaving he came over to the bed and said, "mind if i check out what people
are talking about?", not knowing what he meant by that, I asked and he
replied, "well, you seem to have a reputation for being large". I
never thought that I was, but someone must have and I guess there are worse
things to have a reputation about, and said "sure". I laid back on
his bed and started to undo my jeans and pulled them down and ole' quick
response popped up ready. Greg started going down on me and then he stopped
saying, "I don't want to ruin you for the night unless you want to",
I said, "one time wont ruin anything" and he continued. While he was
doing me I reached down to his towel to remove it and return the favor, so to
speak, he grabbed my hand and without taking my cock out of his mouth, mumbled
uh-uh, telling me no. I stopped and just relaxed and enjoyed the head I was
getting. Greg was very good, but I couldn't understand why he wouldn't let me
do anything. It was very cold, he just did me, and then got up and gave me a
warm wash cloth to clean off with and starting brushing his teeth, then acted
like nothing happened, we got in his car when he was ready and left.
Another one was Dick. Dick had two
nicknames Dickey-Pooh or just Pooh, he was from Phoenix and extremely vain. He
also offered me a ride into town one weekend, no sex was involved and with Dick
I don't think there ever would be. Nobody seemed to be good enough for him.
Dick was the type who had light skin and a very thick beard which he shaved for
about a half hour before he would go out, making sure that not one little
stubble would show. One would think he was getting ready for drag he was so
meticulous. The hair came next and each one had to be right in place. It was
very boring sitting and waiting for Dick to get ready. He did tell me about
Phoenix though and said that If I liked Tucson, which he didn't, I would love
the bars in Phoenix and offered to take me there next time he went home for the
weekend. He should have been a travel agent the way he made Phoenix sound so
good, although I guess everyone in the service felt that love for their hometown.
Most of the time I went out with Roland,
who lived in the barracks next to mine. He was more fun to be with and we got
into so much crap together. Roland had a lover, Dave, a civilian who lived
downtown and one weekend he asked me to spend the weekend there at his lovers
house so I wouldn't have to go back and forth to the base to change. It sounded
good to me, and Dave seemed to like me and didn't mind if I came there with
Roland. Dave was probably in his late 30's and owned an Art store near the campus,
he drove a Citroen and referred to American cars as American monstrosities. One
weekend I was sleeping in the guest room and Roland told me that another guy
from the base was going to stay there too and asked if I minded if he shared
the bed. Well by now, you know me. Well even though when he got there I thought
he was very cute, it didn't happen. Steve never slept with anyone from the
base, guess we all have our quirks. He even told me that if I wasn't from the
base he would have, hey, mine is not to reason why. Steve was 21 about
5'6", brown hair, swimmers build, and from Texas, his favorite song was
"Stand by your Man", by Tammy Wynette. I learned to hate that song, I
couldn't stand country music at the time anyway, but he played it over and
over, singing along with it. And if Steve and Dick had to share a room at the
base it would have been an all out war over the mirror, if you catch my drift.
But Steve was not all bad we did have some good times at the bar. And he really
did look tasty that night we slept together, although not giving away any
samples.
Well that's about it for the regulars on
the base at this time others will pop up (literally) later on in other
chapters, but this was the circle that I ran in.
To Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003. 2004

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 7)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond.
I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted.
If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 3 My Day With
Keith
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
The next morning came early for me, if I
hadn't been still in Keith's arms I probably could have slept until noon. I
slept very soundly, but not long enough, waking up with my head on Keith's
shoulder and watching him breath and sleep for a while. He must have had that
feeling waking up that he was being watched, I was very still as not to wake
him but his eyes just opened and he smiled and said "morning". He got
up to relieve himself, and I waited and then did the same, looking for some
toothpaste and then doing one of those brush with your finger things.
I got back on the bed and kissed him, he
rolled over on top of me and said, "I really enjoyed myself last
night", I kissed him again deeper and harder and then said "me
too". Keith kissed me again letting his hand roam to my groin exploring. I
spread my legs allowing him access to where ever or what ever he wanted.
"This felt so right", I thought. His mouth started to trail down in
the path of where his hand was and this time I just took the initiative and
turned around and positioned myself to take him in my mouth. The sweet smell of
morning sweat was on him, slightly salty tasting. His body had a sweet,
intoxicating aroma that was adding to my excitement. I just kept taking him in
wanting more than anything for him to fill me with his cum, a taste that I
think I was starting to form an addiction for. I could feel his cock swelling
harder in my mouth and knew it was happening, I was also about to burst. I
remember watching his thighs tighten and the muscles of his upper leg being more
pronounced while his toes curled. "Oh, shit", there I go, thinking
that it was to soon and he was not ready yet. As he drank me in, he started to
fill my mouth I kept sucking on him wanting more, trying to get every last drop
in me. He started to lose his stiffness, his legs relaxed and I just kept him
in my mouth still trying to drain one more drop. He pulled me toward his face
and kissed me and said, "you're even good off drugs", and laughed.
"We should get up and get some breakfast" he said and added, "I
want to take you with me this afternoon, to a friends place in the foothills,
do you still want to come?" "Yes, if you want me too", I said.
"Damn", I just remembered that I had left my change of clothes at Jim
and Ed's house. Keith said that it was O.K., he would stop by there and we
could pick them up.
After having breakfast, it was about noon
and we headed off to go swimming, we stopped at Jim and Ed's and Ed answered
the door and he had his usual devilish smile and warm greeting. Jim on the
other hand did not seem as pleased to see us, and asked Keith to come in the
other room. The door slammed and there was yelling but I couldn't make out what
was being said. Ed saw the look on my face and said "don't worry, he's
just a little upset". About what, I wondered, but took Ed's advice and
didn't worry about it. After a few minutes, Keith emerged with my clothes and I
yelled "bye", to Jim but got no answer and Ed gave me a quick kiss
and said good-bye to me, and we were off.
On the way Keith explained to me that some
gay people are very sensitive and that Jim was upset about me going home with
him when I was supposed to stay with him and Ed. He told me not to worry about
it, that Jim and Ed had each other and he would get over it. Then he started
telling me about the place we were going to. It was the home of two lovers that
had been together 25 years. I was a little taken back by this, but thinking how
nice it would be to spend that much time with someone. When Keith told me this
he said that they were married, which struck me as odd, he explained that in
gay terms lovers are frequently referred to as married. I thought, "If
only that could be true".
We arrived at the house in the foothills,
which was a section that was not known for its lower or middle class people.
No, these houses were definitely out of my class. It was a large Spanish type
house with a pool in back that was sort of built in to the side of the mountain
overlooking Tucson. There were guys in the pool and sitting around it, seems
that they had these pool parties every Sunday afternoon. An older guy
approached us and gave Keith a kiss and welcomed me to his house, for the life
of me I can't remember his name. Anyway, he said "jump in", I looked
around and saw that the guys sitting around the pool were wearing bathing
suits, very skimpy ones, but still I felt a little uncomfortable without one.
Then a guy climbed out of the pool and I saw that he wasn't wearing anything
and this eased it a little. "I think he is shy about not having a suit",
Keith told him. I blushed and he leaned toward me and said softly "don't
worry about that nobody in the pool has a suit on, its not allowed", and
smiled. Still this was new to me and I didn't know anyone. Keith gave me a
towel and said "here, go in the house and get undressed and wrap this
around you until you feel comfortable". I did as he said, and felt better
about that, Keith seemed so nice and understanding.
I came out of the house with my clothes
folded over my arm and a towel wrapped around me and someone in the pool
yelled, "hey, that's not fair", some of the guys laughed and I felt
like they were waiting for me to come out naked. Keith was already in the pool
and I went over to the edge and he said, "don't worry about it just have
something to drink and come in when your ready". I felt a little more
relaxed with him there. I went over to the bar that was set up on the patio and
poured a drink from one of the pitchers, they were already mixed and I had no
idea what was in them, except for the one that looked like tomato juice, so I
took that one. Another guy standing there said, "wait", as I started
to walk away and I turned around and he stuck a piece of celery in it and said
"cant have a Bloody Mary without the celery", I smiled and thanked
him and headed back to the poolside.
I finished the drink and Keith motioned me
in the pool, I think he told everyone of my shyness, because when I took off
the towel and jumped in everyone cheered. They were playing volley ball in the
pool and one guy said "come on over here, we are short one player",
oh lucky me I have to play on the deep end. Keith just winked at me as if it
was O.K. and so I went on the other side. We started playing and it seemed like
the ball came at me every time. I would jump up to hit it and when I went back
down and underwater, someone's hand was always there to greet me. No I'm not
complaining, I enjoyed it. But this was not a sex party, they fooled around but
no one was having sex, which I found strange, but nice. I would have thought
that all these gay guys, naked in a pool would be all over one an other, but
except for a few grabs it didn't happen. It was just fun being around all these
guys that felt as I did about other guys. I even wondered if there was this
secret society back home on the east coast, or did people move to the west when
they found out they were gay.
The volleyball game ended, we lost to the
guys in the shallow end of the pool, which was no surprise. But it was all fun
and who cared who won. I joined Keith at a table and he was sitting with two
guys, Tom and Roger. Keith introduced me and they were real friendly and
started asking me questions about just coming out. I looked at Keith
inquisitively and he explained that coming out meant that you were coming out
of the closet, sort of accepting the way you were and joining others socially.
"Coming out", then didn't have the same implications then as it does
today, one could say he was "out" if he went to bars, and accepted
his gayness, so to speak. It didn't mean you had to tell everyone you knew and
march in a parade once a year. I told them that I had never been happier, and
was having a great weekend so far. "Great, I'm happy for you", Tom
said and grabbed my hand, holding it maybe a little longer than a comforting
pat. He was fantastic looking, tanned, jet black hair and brown eyes, very
chiseled face. I smiled and tried to remember that I was with Keith and wasn't
going to get two guys mad at me, I had already pissed off Jim by staying with
Keith.
On the way back to Keith's apartment, he
asked me if I liked Tom, I said "yes, he was nice". "No",
he said, "I meant were you attracted to him?" I didn't want to hurt
his feelings and said, "he was cute but, I like you better". This
seemed to please him, he grabbed my hand and held it for the rest of the trip
to his house. He said that the guys that I saw today, I probably wouldn't run
into at the bars, they mostly stayed in their little group and met on Sundays.
I didn't know why they wouldn't want to go to the bars, I certainly liked them,
or one of them at least.
We got to Keith's and when inside he
grabbed me and kissed me, and then said, "I really want to be with you,
but I have class in the morning and I have to get some studying done", I
felt crushed. But at the same time sort of relieved, I couldn't believe that I
was thinking this but I was tired too, it had been an active weekend with not
much sleep. I asked when I could see him again, and he asked for my phone
number. "I live in a barracks, I don't have one", I replied. This was
going to make it tough, he didn't have a phone either. He asked me for my
address and said that he would send me a letter in a few days, and let me know
where and when we could meet.
Well, I checked everyday for that letter,
It didn't come, I think it was my first real big hurt in gay life. I felt that
I had entered this life that I always wanted, and now it was betraying me, not
knowing that many people have the same experience with their first
encounter....
To
Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 8)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 2 First Night at
the Bars
by
Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
As we sat there I started to wonder if we
were ever going to go out, like they said we would. I guess I was getting
anxious to see what a gay bar actually was. I couldn't imagine a whole bar full
of people like me. I mean, when I said I was a virgin, well to me I was. I had
never done anything to another guy or ever been in bed with one, for sex that
is. Up until today I wondered why I was the only young gay person, or queer as
I knew it. There were always the older men at the Y.M.C.A. bathroom that had
been sucking me since I was 14 and stumbled on to it. And there were other
things earlier on in my life but not worth mentioning.
We sat and listened to the stereo and
talked some, mostly I sat and listened as they talked about other people that
they knew, I was totally fascinated by the whole thing. Then Ed asked
"have you ever seen a drag?" Well now I guess this was stupid answer
number 3, "yes", I said, "I went to Connecticut Dragway a few
times". They seemed to think that my answer was pretty funny, although I
didn't have the slightest idea why. Ed explained to me that a drag was a man
that dressed as a woman, and said that there was a bar in town where they put
on shows. "I don't think that I would like that", I said. Then they
talked about where they were going to take me and Jim suggested The Congress
Hotel Bar saying that he told someone that they would be there tonight anyway.
Ed said "ok".
We got into Jim's car and headed off to the
bar, I was fairly excited, but refrained from asking "are we there
yet", every five minutes. We arrived at a dumpy looking old hotel,. hence the
name of the bar. I followed them in and it was very dark and almost empty.
Looking around at the few people that were in there it confirmed my suspicions
that I was the only young gay person though. There were two older men sitting
at the bar and two or three sitting at a large table in the back corner, so all
toll, a total of 9 people including the bartender and the three of us. There
was no music and a t.v. was on with a ball game on it. Actually this bar looked
no different than any bar I'd ever seen. Of course that was not many, there was
a bar near my house when I was growing up near the beach where you could see in
the windows.
Jim and Ed headed right for the back table
saying hi to the bartender and the two guys at the bar and I followed. The two
at the bar turned around in their seats and smiled at me and said hi, I mumbled
hi back to them. I was really fairly scared. Jim and Ed hugged the guys at the
table and then introduced me to them, they all seemed to talk and joke and keep
looking at me and something would be said, but most of the time I wasn't quite
sure of what they were talking about.
After about an hour of just sitting there
drinking a coke, the game had ended and the t.v. had been replace by a jukebox
with some woman singing
"Big Spender"
, I had become pretty
bored, and hoped that being gay didn't mean I had to like this music that they
were playing and singing along to. Ed saw that I didn't seem to be having a
good time and suggested we go to the Black Door Bar. I sort of perked up and
asked what that was. Jim said "Its that drag bar you said you wouldn't
like". Ed said "Its just comedy and singing, you might enjoy
it", I said "OK", thinking anything had to be better than this,
and we said good-bye to the guys at that bar and headed off to the other one.
The Black Door was not far , as I remember,
seemed like we just drove around the corner and there it was, although I don't
think anyone would even know that it was there, I remember just a black door in
a brick wall, nothing very special that would pull people in from the street.
We went inside and it was fairly crowded and full of smoke. I smoked too, so
that really didn't bother me. Then this woman put her hand on my shoulder and
turned me around and said "Hi, what's your name?". Jim said something
to her and they laughed and we went to the bar, this time sitting right at the
bar. Nobody seemed to care that I wasn't old enough, except that they didn't
give me liquor, just cokes. When we sat at the bar Ed said "that was a guy
who asked you your name, you know?", my mouth must have hit the floor. I
really thought it was a woman. I said "wow, they are really good at
this", they laughed at me again. We watched the show and I was fairly
impressed at how these guys really looked like women.... except when they
talked.
After the show was over, some people got up
and left, Jim just ordered more drinks for us. Ed, who actually was the more
fun and seemed to be the happier of the two, said "he said that he wanted
to meet people his age, why don't we take him to Jim's". Jim's just
happened to be the name of another bar in Tucson. Well Jim didn't like or
didn't seem to like that idea at all for some reason. They were giving each
other the pros and cons of going there when Jim said "O.K. but you'll see".
I had no idea what that meant.
We got to the parking lot of Jim's and Ed
said "I have a suggestion for you", "what?", I asked,
"the chain your wearing, switch it to the other ankle", now let me
explain here. I had seen someone in the airport with boots on and a chain
around his ankle, looked like a biker, anyway, I thought at the time that it
looked pretty cool, and started wearing one myself, it was just a dog choke
chain, seemed harmless to me. Ed explained that I was wearing it on my right
ankle, and people would think that I was looking to get fucked. That was all I
needed, the chain went to my left ankle. Ed said that there were a lot of
people looking at me in the other bar, something that I didn't notice, being to
fascinated with the show. I said "why me", Ed replied, "well
look at you, you're obviously in the service, your wearing skin tight white
Levi's that show an impressive basket a tight white T-shirt which makes you
stand out in the dark of the bar and in great shape, he also said the tattoo's
didn't hurt either. I got two at tech school. "Thanks", I said
wondering where the hell this basket was that I was showing. That was explained
later that night.
We walked in the small bar and it looked
like a wall of people, Aretha Franklin was belting out
"RESPECT"
on the juke box, and the crowd looked more like college students. There was a
table in the front right by the door and a guy got up from it and yelled to Jim
and Ed and invited them to sit with him. I told them I had to go to the men's
room. Jim pointed to a door in the back of the bar. I started the longest walk
of my life. As I walked down the center isle of the bar it seemed like every
head in the place turned and looked at me, they probably didn't, and was more
my paranoia but I just focused on that door and walked straight for it, I
remember being fairly terrified. I used the urinal and then turned around not
noticing that someone else came in behind me and jumped. He chuckled and said
"sorry didn't mean to scare you", I just smiled at him and walked
out.
Walking back to the table was just as bad
as to the men's room and I was glad when I got there, I sat across from the guy
who invited us to sit with him. As I sat down and was introduced to Keith, I
just starred, into his eyes. Keith was 22, and went to the University of
Arizona and had the most beautiful smile that never left his face as he talked
to me. Jim (the owner of Jim's, not the one who brought me there), came up to
the table and asked to see my id. Ed said, "he's 18, we wont let him
drink", Jim said "OK but if I see any liquor at all in front of him
he's out", actually he seemed sort of gruff, but he wasn't, he was only
protecting his interests and later on was always friendly to me. After Jim went
away, Jim (the Jim with me, sorry if this is confusing), Ed and Keith started
talking, they really seemed to be having a great time when all of a sudden I
felt something on my leg. Keith had slipped off his shoe and ran it up my leg
and put his foot right against my crotch. Instant hard-on and he knew it.
After a while of rubbing my crotch, I
pulled my chair in closer to the table and put my hand on his leg running it up
his pants just sort of rubbing the hairs on his legs. Jim excused himself to go
to the men's room and Ed went to get more drinks. Keith leaned over and asked
if I was going home with Jim and Ed tonight. I said "I think I'm supposed
to". I wanted to be with him though and it showed. Keith asked "If
its aright with them, would you go with me tonight?" Well you know I jumped
at that. Keith said "OK when they come back, you go to the men's room and
I'll fix it up we are good friends, they shouldn't mind". Jim and Ed came
back to the table and I excused myself to go to the men's room again, this time
not as scared as before. When I got back to the table, Keith said that they had
left, now even though Keith was there I felt very bad and figured that they got
mad. Keith assured me that they were not mad, but figured they would leave us
alone, I later found out that Ed wasn't mad but Jim was extremely pissed.
Keith suggested that we go too since it was
almost closing time anyway, I followed like a puppy. I guess here is the part
that every gay guy goes through. I was starting to think I was in love with
him. Nothing had happened yet but he was just so nice and his eyes were so
soft. I think the love thing was supposed to happen with Jim or Ed, according
to most you fall in love with your first. Maybe because they were lovers and
subconsciously I didn't feel that I would fit into this arrangement, I don't
know but, I didn't get the feeling until I was getting into Keith's car.
We got to Keith's apartment, it was a small
one room apartment with a mattress on the floor in the corner. He lit some
candles instead of turning on the lights, and I sat on the mattress and lit a
cigarette. He sat down and said he had something I might like better than the
cigarette. I smiled thinking he meant sex. He said why don't we get undressed
first and that he would put on some music. He put on some music and came over
to the bed, as it was, and sat down with a small box in his hands. I was
sitting naked and thinking that he would just jump into it like Jim did. He
opened the box and pulled a plastic bag out and rolled a joint. I knew what it
was but had never tried it before. He lit it and passed it to me, I took a hit
like I would have done with a regular cigarette and gagged. "Slow",
he said "take the smoke in slow and hold it as long as you can". I
did as he said, and for the life of me didn't see why people liked this stuff,
it smelled bad and wasn't doing anything. We finished it and he lit another, he
looked different now, sort of glowing, cant explain it, but he became the only
thing in the room, everything else was obliterated. The music got better, I was
feeling this tingle all over my body, he laid me back and kissed me for a long
time then started working his tongue all over my body, down my chest, over my
thighs, turning me over and from the back of my knees worked his way back up.
It was like no other feeling I could think of. I was so relaxed that I wasn't
thinking sex anymore, just pleasing him. I rolled over on top of him and
proceeded to mimic his moves on me. It was completely oral, but, he didn't suck
my cock and I didn't suck his we made love to them. It was slow and beautiful,
not fast and animal like. Instead of it ending fast like with Jim and Ed he
managed to make it last a long time, stopping when he felt I was ready. Then
after what seemed like hours, we got into 69 position and exploded in each
others mouths at the same time. I thought I would never stop it just kept
flowing out of me. I never had a climax like that.
We both stayed in place after the climax
and kept sucking and licking until we were both completely soft. Keith asked if
I had to be back at the base the next day and I said no not until Sunday night
but it didn't matter what time. He asked me if I liked the music he was
playing, saying that he had just bought the album. I told him that I really
didn't like "soul" music, but this one seemed different, especially
after smoking the joint. He laughed and said "thats not really soul music,
it was
"Janis Joplin"
, I started to wonder if I was ever going
to get any answers to Gay people's questions right. He then asked if I wanted
to go swimming with him the next day at a friends house. "I don't have
swimming trunks though", I replied, "you wont need one", he
said, and we fell asleep in each others arms.
To
Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003

---

The
Air Force Experience (Chapter 9)

This is an actual account of my coming out
and beyond. I have changed the
names in most cases but some are the same first names and last names have been
omitted. If you don’t like male to
male sex stories, don’t read it, if you do enjoy…
If you have any comments and especially if you feel that the
person being described is “you” let me know, I’d be glad to email you back.
The
Air Force Experience
Chapter 1 New Beginnings
by Donn Thomas
Donnfla@hotmail.com
It had been a long flight across country,
when finally the "No Smoking" light came on and the pilot announced
the planes decent into Phoenix International. Until then I was in a daze
staring out the window and listening to the head phones playing a toned down
rock track over and over.
Phoenix, Arizona looked sort of brown from
the sky, not much to look at, but as we drew closer I could see that it was a
sizable city. It was August 2nd 1968 and the plane was going to take right off
again for Tucson, my destination, so I sat staring at the mountains in the
distance and the people outside the plane. I wasn't looking forward to being
stationed in Tucson. Got a lot of ribbing about it being in the desert and
being stuck there away from everything. The Plane took off again for a short
110 mile trip to Tucson, 60 miles from the Mexican border and as far as I was
concerned at the end of the earth.
It seemed like the plane just started to go
up when the pilot announced that we were arriving in Tucson, I looked out the
window and saw one tall building in the middle of nowhere and a very small
airport. A bit of depression set in but then at the same time a little
excitement about the unknown.
After getting off the plane and walking
into the airport, they didn't even have those ramps that the planes pulled up
to, I found a cab and asked the driver to take me to Davis-Monthan Air Force
Base. The Cabby said "going to the bone yard, huh?" Now my spirits
were soaring. What kind of a base would be called a bone yard, I thought. As it
turned out it is the largest U.S. storage area for phased out planes.
The next day after processing in, I
reported to the Jet Engine shop and found out that my schooling was just a
preliminary, and now I had to go to classes here to finish my Jet Engine
Mechanic training. Well that was for the first half of each day. The second
half I was sent to work at the test cell. What that is, is a rack in the desert
with a large cement wall in a half circle behind it. The jet engines were
secured to the rack and then run up to full power, while we crawled all over it
looking for any type of leaks or loose parts. Actually it wasn't a bad job, and
was sort of amazing watching the power of fighter engines and B-52 engines run
up to max. power with flames shooting 10-12 feet out the ass end.
I was in class for about a week when the instructor
announced that the shop lost its clerical position and so they didn't have a
clerk. He said that there was a lot of typing to do and wondered if any one in
the class had any typing experience. Well knowing better to volunteer for
anything in the service, no one raised their hand, no one that is but me.
Sometimes I do things without thinking.
"How much experience do you have,
airman?" he asked. "Three years, high school, with a certificate for
80 words per min. Sir" I replied. Well he liked that and told me that
instead of reporting to the test cell for work that I would go right into the
office after class.
After spending the afternoon in the office,
they seemed to like me and asked if I wanted to have the clerk job, mentioning
that the offices were the only places in the shop with air conditioning. Well
after working out in the open on hot jets for a few days in 90-100 degree
weather , I jumped at it. That was the end of me being a mechanic for the next
two years.
About a week after I was there I decided
that it was time to go out and explore the city. I saw that there was more to
it than I thought from the drive from the airport to the base. I didn't have a
car so I got up early Saturday morning and started walking out the main road
into the base, once outside I started hitchhiking.
Another GI picked me up and asked where I
was headed, I said "I don't really know, first time off base, any
suggestions?" He told me about a park near the University where bands
played every weekend and it was sort of a free concert. He also said that he
wasn't going that way but would drop me off on Speedway and to ask the next
ride to drop me off at Himmel Park. He dropped me off at the corner of Speedway
Blvd. and said "good luck", I thanked him and almost immediately got
a ride. The next guy dropped me off at the park. The second guy that gave me a
ride seemed a little strange, a little over friendly, just before he dropped me
off, he said "concert or cruising?" I told him I was going to the
concert, wasn't sure what he meant by "cruising".
I was always sort of a loner, and so going
to the concert by myself seemed comfortable to me. I sat in the back of a
grassy field and watched and listened and after awhile dozed off laying there.
I started waking up and before opening my eyes felt someone looking at me. I
opened my eyes and was noticeably startled by a guy sitting cross-legged
(Indian style), next to me. I was quite embarrassed after I realized that I not
only was startled but woke up with a hard-on as usual. I rolled onto my stomach
to hide it and he just started talking and introduced himself. "Hi"
he said, "my name is Jim", I told him mine and we talked for a while.
About nothing really, sort of a nonsense talk, one of those where nobody knows
what to say. Then he asked if I wanted to go for a drink. "Cant", I
said, "I'm only 18. He said that didn't make any difference at his place,
so I went. I didn't know anyone and he seemed friendly.
We got to his house and I was very
impressed, I asked him how he kept it so neat, he just laughed. He directed me
towards the living room and he sat across the room from me on a lounge type
chair while I sat on the couch. "What would you like to drink?" he
asked. I just blurted out "a beer would be fine", since that's all I
had ever had. He told me that he didn't have any beer but would mix me a drink.
I was stuck now, I never drank hard liquor before. I thought a minute and asked
for the first thing that came to mind, "screwdriver?", I asked. He
nodded and went to the kitchen and returned with two screwdrivers, this time
sitting on the couch right next to me. I was thirsty and drank it down like it
was a glass of juice and put the empty glass down, he quickly got up and got me
a refill. Now I have to remind you I got up early that morning and went right
downtown, I didn't have anything to eat and was certainly not a drinker.
Halfway through the second one, which by the way tasted considerable stronger
than the first one, I started showing signs of getting a buzz. He put his hand
on my knee, I downed the rest of the second drink.
Now here is where my naiveté comes into
play, and in all seriousness, this is the truth. "Are you Gay?" he
asked. My stupid answer, "no, not yet but one more drink and I will
be", I didn't even associate the word gay with homosexual, I associated it
with happy.
He very quickly got up and grabbed my glass
and fixed another drink, this time it was vodka, with a little orange juice in
it. I took a big gulp and could feel the burning going right to my head. He
started rubbing my leg and said "I notice you are circumcised" I
looked down and , yes by now I was very aroused and there was a perfect outline
of my cock down the leg of my pants. This was also the first time I went
anywhere not wearing any underwear. I bought a new pair of white Levi's and the
Air Force boxers didn't feel comfortable, and I didn't have any briefs that fit
me since I had lost weight in basic and hadn't bought any new ones yet, so I
didn't wear any.
He said, "why don't you finish your
drink and we'll go into the bedroom", well even though it was very strong
down it went, and he led me by the hand into the bedroom. I stood there just
looking at the bed, I had never had sex before. Before I knew it he was naked
and started kissing me and taking my clothes off, first my shirt and then he
softly ran his tongue down my chest to my navel and back up again and started
kissing me again while undoing my pants, I started pulling down my pants and he
turned me around with my back to the bed and gave a push, he went right to it
sucking my cock and balls, when in just a few seconds I shot. So much for
taking my time. I didn't lose interest though and stayed hard, and took my
boots off and then taking the pants all the way off. He seemed very happy that
I was still getting undressed, as if I was finished and that was that, and now
he saw that he had another chance. I pulled him on top of me and we started
kissing again. He was very nice and said, "I know its your first time and
you probably don't want to do to much but could you jerk me off?"
"No", I said, and rolled over on top of him and proceeded to give my
first blow job, I did it just the way he did sucking him and licking his balls.
He stopped me and said that he didn't want to cum yet if I could do it again, I
smiled. He rolled over on top of me and went down on me again, this time I
seemed a little more in control and was loving it so much my head was spinning.
He spread my legs and I tightened them thinking that he was going to try to
fuck me, I wasn't ready for that. He said "relax", I said "I
don't want to get fucked", he said "that's not what I do, you will
like this". Not knowing what he was going to do, I relaxed and let him. He
spread my legs and lifted my balls and started licking underneath them. I was
clawing the bed, before I realized what was happening or how I might have been
disgusted by it, his tongue was up my ass and I was to weak to move. I started
pulling at his head to stop him I was afraid that I was going to cum just from
that. He asked if I wanted to 69, I said "never have, but yes, I want
to" he positioned himself on his side and started sucking me, and I him.
He stopped sucking and pressed his face between my legs and got to my ass
again, this time I did the same, surprised that it was turning me on, instead
of grossing me out. I felt it building up and pulled away and said I was going
to cum, he covered my cock with his lips and sucked the whole thing down his
throat, I tried to do the same but choked and came back up. I shot another load
deep into his throat and almost at the same time he shot in my mouth. I
actually was more happy about it being my first time doing this than excited
about him cumming in my mouth.
We leaned back both breathing hard and he
reached over and grabbed a towel, and handed it to me asking if I wanted to
spit it out. "Cant", I said, "I swallowed it". "My,
you sure learn quick", he said, "are you sure you never did this
before?", "yes", I said, "I just did what you did, didn't
know what else to do". We hugged and laid there for a while kissing and
talking.
While we were talking he mentioned that he
had a roommate, again, stupid question no. 2. "Does he know?", I
asked. He sort of just chuckled and said "yes, he is my lover".
Lover, now what does that mean, I asked myself, that they fuck? I told you I
knew nothing of gay life. We laid there quiet after he said that for a few
minutes and then he asked, "would you like to meet him?, I'm sure he would
like you". "Sure", I answered. "He will be home from work
in a few hours, would you like me to take you back to the base to change
clothes, and maybe we will take you out with us to the bar tonight". I
reminded him that I probably couldn't get into the bars, "this one you
can", he said.
He drove me back to the base, and I changed
and showered while he waited in my dorm room for me. I guess If I knew any
better, I would have thought that risky, but nothing happened, and we were on
our way back to his house, this time with a change of clothes to stay the
night.
Ed, his lover, got home shortly after we
did, and seemed equally as nice and happy to meet me. When Jim told me that he
would like me though, I wasn't really prepared for what happened.
Jim and Ed said that they were going to
take a shower and that I could wait in the bedroom since I had just had one. I
laid on their bed and turned on the tv It was not long before they both came
into the room with just towels wrapped around them. I thought that they were
going to get dressed but, again I was wrong. Jim got on the bed and started to
undress me again, and while he started undoing my pants, Ed was taking off my
boots.
I was laying there on my back and Jim
started sucking me again, he stopped and then Ed started and Jim got over my
chest and put his cock in my mouth. I started sucking on him and he pulled his
cock out and positioned his balls over my mouth so I started sucking on them,
slowly he made it clear that he wanted to be rimmed, I now knew this term from
the last time. I did and then he slid down my chest and Ed guided my cock which
was wet from him sucking it, up Jim's ass, which was wet from me. MY FIRST
FUCK!!! , and it felt great. Ed started kissing Jim while I was fucking him and
then got in front of him on my chest, I sucked Ed off while I was fucking Jim.
This was just to unreal for me to believe, I shot into Jim, and Ed into me,
while Jim jerked off on Ed who was in front of him on my chest. We all slumped
into a heap. I was just in another world, my first time having sex and already
I was with two guys and had sex three times.
Ed told us to relax that he was going to
take a quick rinse off and asked if I was hungry. I remembered that I hadn't
eaten all day and it was dinner time and said "starved". He said we
should take a shower when he was through rinsing off and that he would have
some supper for us when we got out.
Another first, I got in the shower with Jim
and he started kissing and soaping me up, and that old thing with no conscience
stood at attention again. Jim got down on his knees and started sucking me,
after a few minutes. I came again. Jim stood up and kissed me and said
"boy your loaded aren't you?", I don't know what I said, but, I
remember being embarrassed and asking him if he wanted me to suck him again, he
said "no", that he couldn't do it again.
We dried off and went to the kitchen in
just towels, Ed was fixing sandwiches, still in his towel. I remember thinking
that I was sure going to enjoy this sort of thing. I had a few sandwiches and
they commented on my appetite, but then I hadn't eaten all day and just came 4
times that afternoon.... so far.
After eating we all went into the living
room and Ed fixed us all a drink. We talked for a while, sort of getting to
know each other, and I asked if they went to college. They both laughed and
asked how old I thought they were. "22-23?", I guessed. Again they
laughed and told me that they were both 30. This didn't really bother me, but I
did ask them if they knew anybody gay that was my age. This seemed to bother
them, although I didn't mean to hurt their feelings. They told me that most of
their friends were closer to their age than mine and that most gays my age were
trouble. Confused I asked why. Ed said that I shouldn't trust gay guys my age,
that most of them just want your money and might even turn me in as being gay
to the Air Force. He scared me sufficiently. Of course being as naive as I was,
I didn't recognize that they were trying to scare me, since they had promised
to take me to a gay bar that night.
To
Be Continued...
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 2004